B003EYVXT6|2.0|I didn't have high hopes for this one going into it. The previews made it look like another cliche Frankenstein's Monster type deal. However, after the first half hour or so I started to feel positive about it. The premise was interesting, the acting wasn't as cheesy as I thought it would be, and it definitely wasn't cliche.    Then something went wrong...so horribly, horribly wrong.    I think the writer/director wanted to break new ground so badly with this film that they went way into left field...so far in fact that you're left thinking...\\"What the heck?\\" I don't want to ruin it for anyone, but let's just say there is one scene in particular that completely pulls you from the movie. Actually, it's more of a throw than a pull.    After this scene, there was very little the movie could do to redeem itself and to be honest...it didn't even try. I think the movie just kind of gave up on itself, kind of like an SNL skit which has an interesting catch but doesn't know how to end itself.    I don't know what else to really say about this movie. I'm still just thinking, \\"What the heck?\\"
B003WSFXKY|4.0|Guitar Heaven... may not be the \\"GREATEST\\" Santana...but it is definetly GREAT! For the doubters of whether Carlos' heart was in this project...cough up the coupla extra bucks for the (CD/DVD Deluxe) version. FANTASTIC!
0439023513|5.0|I really wasn't sure how I felt about this book when I first read it.  It made me cry more than anything ever had (and It's the only time I'd ever cried during a book).  It really touches all of your senses, and at some points, shocks the hell out of you.    I know this book is marketed as young adult, but it is so much more than that.  It has much more meaning than most of the other books that share the genre.  This book is about war, and with war comes unexpected circumstances which I'm sure upset the characters in the book as much as it upsets you or me.      It's not a book for the faint of heart.  There are brutal deaths, none of which are as glamorous or as unreal and romanticized as we like them.  They happen, everyone mourns for as much time as their tight schedule allows (sometimes only a moment), and then, because they have to, they move on to their next task.    The first half of this book is a little slow paced, but very dark and interesting nonetheless.  The second half really picks up though, as the characters actually enter the war and begin fighting themselves.    There is also an epilogue... it is very short and to the point, but it does what it was put there to do, and it was done well.  You won't get all the details you would like to on all of the characters you love, but you will be informed about a few about what happened to the survivors' after the war ended.    Also, as everybody else is saying in their reviews, there is a HUGE twist.  Definitely something you won't be expecting.  Most people seem to completely hate the idea, but I think it was brilliant.  Completely devastating, but brilliant.    Overall, this book is my favorite of the trilogy, and I think it really brings a lot more to the series.  I was a little disappointed with Catching Fire (there's a shock, right?) when they all got thrown into the arena again.  I just felt like, 'been there, done that'.  I was glad everything in this book seemed so original, like ground that had yet to be tread, at least in this series.  I think either you'll end up loving it, hating it, or not sure how you feel about it.  My only suggestion is to remember that just because something upsets you, or brings out a negative reaction, does not mean that it was awful.  In fact, it could mean just the opposite.
B0037QGS0A|4.0|Best be careful of whom one hires to seduce one's husband.  Truthfulness and reliability are a must; and it never hurts if said seductress has all her ducks in a row.  (A full deck; the elevator goes all the way to the top, etc.)  Otherwise one ends up with CHLOE, a steamy, silly thriller furnishing the femme version of [[ASIN:B00003CXA0 Fatal Attraction]].  The ending is so lame and contrived it almost takes away from the erotic road to get there.  Almost.<br /><br />Julianne Moore plays Dr. Catherine Stewart, a bored, disinterested, aging wife who suspects her very appealing hubby (Liam Neeson) is cheating.  So what to do?  A chance encounter in a restaurant bathroom with an escort featuring irresistible bedroom eyes (Amanda Seyfried as Chloe) convinces Catherine to hire the young lady to tempt her husband.  But it's not hubby whom Chloe is attracted to--thus Chloe, for lack of a better word, embellishes what happens, and suddenly Catherine becomes turbo charged.  (Which leads to some wonderful cinema, but I digress.)  From there the plot predictably unravels, yet Moore, Neeson, and especially Seyfried are delightfully fun to watch in this most unusual triangle.  Have a cleaning cloth nearby, as CHLOE will definitely fog your bifocals.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B000TTRGUE|5.0|It is very satisfying to find a \\"knee point\\" where you have a given quality level and getting notably better quality would cost much, much more.  This microphone is at such a \\"knee point\\".  It is sturdy, yields very good sound quality, and costs almost nothing.  You could buy three of these for the kind of money that would be required to get a notably better microphone.    Plus it comes with a very nice foam-lined carrying case.
0679424741|4.0|In a small mill town in the South in the 1930s, a group of very different people live.  Jake is a passionate labor defender, who keeps trying to prod the people in town into unionizing.  Biff is the owner of a bar, who mourns his lack of children and his unhappy marriage.  Dr. Coleman is a black physician, profoundly disappointed by his grown children, who share none of his ideas on how to better their race.  Mick is an adolescent trying to find her way in the world, figuring out which dreams she should follow.    Also in town is John Singer, a deaf-mute who is devastated when his only friend leaves town.  Singer has a special presence, a certain aura of understanding and compassion, and the other characters crave his attention.  Each one believes that he or she shares a bond with Singer, although nobody really seems to be communicating with anyone.    I really loved the descriptions in this book, the way that the town and its inhabitants came alive.  The language was beautiful, and I especially was enthralled with Mick and the way the world seemed so magical and the possibilities so endless to her.    I would have liked to have seen more explanation of the relationship between Singer and Antonapoulos.  Singer seemed so bright and strong; I couldn't understand why he was so dependent on his friend, who seemed to bring nothing but heartache and trouble to the relationship.
0525951652|5.0|Not sure where all the one stars come from.    I found the historical context and almost Victorian styling interesting, working well together. It covered a lot of background without getting bogged down and losing the themes of the characters.
B000W91RUG|5.0|I am very happy with the DVD set. Everything was delivered ok and on time.
B002LC2DQ4|4.0|Although these are theoretically not as fast as the \\"Type H\\" cards released a few years ago, I can't find much of a practical difference. The fact that they are definitely faster than \\"Type M\\" cards at almost the same price make them an excellent value.    All folks here complaining the card does not work with their camera should first check compatibility of their model on the manufacturer's website. I have links to both Fuji & Olympus compatibility lists on my blog (which can be reached via my profile page)    In my case it works fine with my Fuji [[ASIN:B000GFWFY8 s6000fd]], Fuji [[ASIN:B000MCZFQ0 f40fd]] (same as [[ASIN:B000RALTS0 f45fd]]) and Fuji [[ASIN:B0001GV5FM S3 Pro]] cameras.    Depending on your shipping options, [[ASIN:B002U4Y9JM this 2-pack]] may work out to be a better deal for you.    If in fact you determine your device is not compatible with the \\"Type M+\\" cards then you should go with the older \\"Type M\\" cards also available in 1GB and 2GB capacities:  [[ASIN:B000IN72LE Sandisk 2GB xD Card]]  [[ASIN:B0009U603C SanDisk 1GB xD Card]]
0060989157|5.0|Book came in great shape, loved them when I was young and love them even more as adult.
0345509617|5.0|The book arrived this morning and I have been pouring through it ever since. The book is a delight for those of us who grew up on the Original Trilogy. Amazing anecdotes, beautiful art work and behind the scenes photos make this a must have for anyone who has an interest in what is in my opinion, the best Star Wars movie.
1416511946|5.0|Book came in great shape. Loved it such a intelligent man so sad to hear all the pain he suffered.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|this is a great item to buy if you like xena warrior princess, buffy the vampire slayer, angel, charmed, dark angel then i would buy this item and fast shipping
B0009VSB06|4.0|I bought this for my boyfriend and he has only used it once, but it seemed to work well.It is very light to carry.
B002ZG98XW|5.0|Diane Lane is tough and tender as housewife/thoroughbred owner Penny Chenery in \\"Secretariat.\\" John Malkovich overflows his role as crusty trainer Lucien Laurin. The supporting actors and actresses are strong as well. The casting director deserves an Oscar and a stakes race named after him/her for collecting this group. A horse race can be won or lost at various points but it's clear \\"Secretariat\\" the movie was won at the casting gate.   Chenery (Lane) uses a double tragedy to dig her heels into the family business. Her inspirational story is one that our dispirited nation can and should benefit from. Penny's perseverance creates the atmosphere for the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years. Yet she never gets puffed up. Penny's graceful, spartan rhetoric leaves rival trainer Pancho Martin stewing in his boasts.   Secretariat's 31-length victory in the 1973 Belmont Stakes is not the climax of the film. That actually comes in the quiet moment the night before the race when Penny tells the champ - \\"I've won my race. Now you run yours.\\" Which he, of course, does.   Lane and Emma Thompson have done more to return the dignity of women to the big screen than any other contemporary actresses. They are the Joan Crawford and Ingrid Bergman of our day.   Few people would think of a Triple Crown winner as an underdog but the script hits the right (some might say misleading) notes, creating a Seabiscuit aura. We're reminded that Secretariat was a Virginia-bred, competing against the products of the big Kentucky farms (although the impression that Meadow Farm was on its last legs seems odd given that it nearly won the Triple Crown with Laurin-trained Riva Ridge the year before Secretariat accomplished the feat). Big Red lost three races on the big stage in New York City, including the Wood Memorial. Secretariat, even with that other worldly stride (visit Belmont Park's paddock and marvel at the stride immortalized in statue), had to struggle for his success.  Penny's moral whipkeeps the team from coming apart, reminding us that leaders are necessary but teams are what win. That reality combined with raw talent writes the sports record books (evidence: Secretariat breaks Northern Dancer's Kentucky Derby record 2:00 time).  The Vietnam War is in the backdrop of the film. We can only speculate as to what a super horse nicknamed Big Red did to Cold War psyches at the White House and Pentagon (imagine if his name had been General Secretary). The U.S. cleared out of Vietnam two years after Secretariat won the Triple Crown. Coincidence? Perhaps. But here's hoping a horse named Afghan Hound or Lion of Baghdad breaks the current Triple Crown drought (1978 and counting) and gets us out of today's quagmires.  Lane, Malkovich and Co. (including former Tennessee Senator Fred Thompson playing Claiborne Farm's Bull Hancock) need not make any overt political statements. The understated drivenness of the movie speaks volumes. Forty years after the birth of the great champion, a moving film memorial worthy of him has finally been created.
B003NWS5AO|5.0|Band of Joy .... fresh psychedelic twist of some great songs ... but when crafted with the skill & artistry that these musicians bring to the studio - well, it's a whole unexpected  phenomenal journey.  haunting drifts of rhythm & vocals,  occasionally melancholy yet somehow always  kick-up-your-heels joyous - this will not disappointment from it's Angel Dance beginning to the   gospel inspired Even This Shall Pass end.  You can taste the creativity & fun on this recording . Plant, Buddy Miller, Darrell Scott, Patty Griffin are a formidable gathering & will lead you to   a place where music is still fresh, inventive & worthy of our attention.
B001CTDH76|5.0|The Mentalist is a show about a special police force in California (so they can travel all over and not be stuck in one city) and the consultant who helps them out using skills from his former career as a \\"fake Psychic\\". The reason why he does this is part of the story, so I won't go into that here.    This is an ensemble cast show, with each character playing off of one or more of the other characters. This is what makes the show good. Rigsby is the \\"Yes, Boss.\\" man; Cho is the straight/blunt man, with a little look-the-other-way thrown in; Van Pelt is the move up the ladder wanna be, everything is supposed to be a certain way gal; Lisbon is the wants-to-do-it-by-the-book leader, with the realization that life doesn't always work that way; and Jane is the Maverick consultant. The combination works well, and even if the particular storyline happens to be weak in any particular episode, just watching the character interactions is entertaining.     My only complaint is that the directors/writers spoon feed you the clues. There has not been single episode where I didn't know who did it before it was finished (usually less than half way), and some of the proposed explanations could be slightly different and still fit the clues (although there was one episode that had me gong until 3/4 of the way through).  It would be nice if the cameras didn't swing and focus on a particular item, rather passed over it along with 1000 other possible clues. It's kind of like slapping you in the face and saying \\"Look, here's a clue!!!\\"  I do like that occasionally Jane misses something or they show a chink in his facade.    Do you have to suspend reality a bit for an hour sometimes, sure. But for those of us with a slight vigilante bent, the means are not always over the top. The cast interaction is enjoyable, and every once in a while I have to think and might actually learn something, which is a good thing.
B000002LGA|5.0|New York by Lou Reed is not a new trip for my ears to go on, BUT it is my favorite album ever recorded in my lifetime (29). This album is an absolutely Born in the USA, but not just looking for the pride in New York, America's city, but taking in the correct doses of things like drugs, crime, and having a Busload Of Faith to get by, with the truth that people in New York, as well as relation to things like the Dirty Boulevard, and git git gittin out. The melodies are as sharp, sharp fitting the beginning of Lou Reed's latter day Lou phase, and at many many times hearing New York, the lyrics are funny as well as reflective on songs like Dime Store Mystery or Halloween Parade.<br />I am not past the stage in my music listening where I don't crack up at some of his direct humor, and always ask myself - How did Lou come up with that.<br />This is why this album is a must have to my collection, and about three seconds after my original broke in the player - I bought this cd on Amazon and anxiously awaited its arrival.<br />Maybe three minutes.
0316069485|4.0|A change of hats for the Limo lawyer, teaming with family past and present. The tension builds and the end is action filled but disappointing. I don't know where the end comes from. The logic is missing. That is too bad, when much of the plot was very good. Better than \\"Dragons\\" though.
0525951652|5.0|I've read most of Ken Follett's books.  In fact, I am currently reading The Pillars of the Earth the second time!  I am certain \\"Fall of Giants\\" will not disappoint me.<br /><br />Salvatore Buttaci<br />author of Flashing My Shorts
B00005JLKN|5.0|It got to me in record time, I believe 3 days was the total.  Better than those overnighters! Product was as described.
142311339X|5.0|A lover of Greek mythology and a former English teacher who taught it in middle schools, I highly recommend any book on the subject written by Rick Riordan.  Here is an author who takes research seriously.  His work is always fast-paced and exciting to readers looking for mythic thrills!<br /><br />Salvatore Buttaci, author of Flashing My Shorts
0316069485|4.0|I am a huge fan of Michael Connelly's work, and in particular, the Harry Bosch series.  Unfortunately, while the last novel Nine Dragons did contain the high quality of writing that Connelly is known for, the plot was extremely weak, and wasn't befitting of a Harry Bosch novel.  I'm happy to say that The Reversal has the Bosch series back on track.  While not the best of the series (if I had to choose one, I really enjoyed A Darkness More Than Night, the crossover with Terry McCaleb), it got back to the core of the Bosch books - good old fashioned detective work.    There were some things that I didn't enjoy.  First off, Mickey Haller is not a strong character, and the book tends to suffer when it focuses on him.  But since he is not as an established character as Bosch is, I can understand that it may take some more time to fully flesh him out.   However, the main issue I had with the book was the constant shifting back and forth between first person (Mickey Haller) and third person (Harry Bosch) narrative.  It often felt like it was Haller who was conveying the events of Bosch's investigation, even though it couldn't be, as he was unaware of much of what Bosch was doing.   With these characters essentially being co-leads of this book, I understand the reasoning of it, but I did find that it often interrupted the flow of the novel.      Overall, I highly recommend it.
1400032717|3.0|Written in the perspective of a child with autism, the perspective, writing style, and how the story unfolds is interesting and the reason I picked up the book.  Why I didn't give it more than 3 stars is because I felt the story was one disapointment after another that never really led to much of a climax or closure, nor any one momentous event (negative or positive) to serve as some type of finale.  Some won't mind that and maybe it is intentional of the author to show his view of living with a child with a learning disability, but it left me personally feeling like the story was imcomplete, so as a novel, 3 stars.
0307454541|4.0|The book, overall, was excellent- well written, intricate plot, well developed characters, and an interesting storyline. I did feel that the book to quite a bit to really get into. It wasn't until about 1/2 way thru the book that I really became engaged.... But, as I was reading this for Book Club, I did finish, and was very glad I did!
0143058525|5.0|I think this is going to be my \\"favorite book\\" for quite some time.  I enjoyed the openness of Elizabeth's feelings and I sometimes felt like I was inside her skin.  Might have even made me a better person!
B003ZK58WM|1.0|I am a huge Follett fan and thoroughly enjoyed reading Pillars of the Earth\\" and \\"World Without End\\", however \\"Fall of Giants\\" is unreadable on a Kindle. Follett must have been paid by the character, for the first 10 or so pages contains a list of the hundreds of characters.  The bookmark feature on the Kindle that allows the reader to refer back to this list is clumsy and frustrating.  Follett introduces needless characters on every page. I gave up and tried creating my own list as I read but eventually gave up on that too.  If you like reading the phone book, you'll love \\"Fall of Giants.\\"  Felt totally ripped off by the $19.99 download.
0316098337|5.0|This book was exceptional and I found myself unable to put it down.  The story has become all too familiar in recent headlines:  a girl is abducted and held captive for a long period of time only to miraculously escape her long-endured torture.  What makes this so unique is the perspective.  The story is told from the view of 5 year old Jack and his voice is so authentic and ingeniously written.  Jack is extremely bright, yet ignorant of anything beyond the 11x11 enclosure in which he was born and raised by his mother.  Their life in Room is a monotonous struggle and the looming threat of their captor's presence lends a sense of anxiety to the narrative.  The promise of escape is a turning point in the book, and from there on out, the intensity of Jack's experiences is one of the most engrossing things I've read this year.<br /><br />I can't emphasize enough how much this book affected me in both its skillful narration and unique point of view. I highly recommend it, and if you like Room, I must also suggest [[ASIN:0312595670 Still Missing]] by Chevy Stevens.
030726999X|5.0|I read the first two books in the sequence.  Although the first book was a bit difficult to get into, that soon passed and the characters burst into action and your heart.  I had to get the third book.  I bought the hard cover, could not wait until the book was out in soft cover.
0439023513|5.0|Great conclusion to a great series! These books just got better and better. I couldn't put any of them, especially this one, down. I just wish I had more to read :)
B002JODV3S|5.0|It's a great show with perfect video effects and high definition image and sound. It's a show for guitar lovers!!
1416594795|4.0|I never thought that evolution would ever defense. Even in Utah (of all places), evolution was taught in my high school, and I don't remember anyone in the class raised an objection. The evidences presented in class back then seemed sufficient. When I picked up this book at Hongkong airport, I was more curious about additional information that can presented about evolution, since I didn't study biology beyond AP biology in High School, which is because I don't want to go into any field similar to my dad, who has a Ph.D. in some subfield of biology.    As a book on popular science to the layman, this certainly achieves that. I was always curious about what they mean when they say chimps and humans have 98% of DNA in common, and how the radioactive dating worked. The information are presented so well that I couldn't put the book down.     A good portion of the book seems to be an effort to convert the creationists. A book as such is much needed since so many political leaders in US are so scientifically illiterate. However, I think the book fails on that effort. For someone so stupid to be a creationist, they can't possibly possession the mental capacity to follow the dense chapters on embryology or molecular genetics. What they need is to have ideas reduced into sounds bites, one liners, and colorful pamphlets. Someone please write such a book.
0061537969|5.0|Any dog lover will love this book. I read it during my commute on the train every day from start to finish. I could hardly put it down and came very close to missing my stop several times. It might not be the best book ever written, but it has a great story and the characters are so lovable.
B00005A0N5|4.0|\\"Metal,\\" is something my teenage son listens to and I cringe, normally; but this one is different.  This album is quite interesting, complex, and varied with only a few sounds too harsh for me.  It builds musically on late romantic composers, while adding electric guitar sounds.  The lead vocalist -- a talented, operatic soprano -- has an eerily chilling voice, which adds intrigue.<br /><br />I tried having this playing in my car while driving and found that it presented a problem.  The emotions are so intense that I found myself getting unacceptably stressed out, feeling nervous, harried.  I like the album, but can't drive with it.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|District 9 is an awesome cult classic.    This Blu-Ray is a disgrace, SONY is a shameless corporate leech.    The four Hollywood garbage previews SONY forces you to endure each time the disc is started cannot be skipped.    Stop the abuse, SONY, I'm not buying your hollow brand name anymore.
B003W5C0VM|5.0|A must have for any Stones fan. Do yourself a favor and buy this one, you will not be disappointed! By the way,  Machoman must have just crawled out from  under a rock to give this one a one star.  He must not know a thing about Rock and Roll!!!!!!!
0061684384|4.0|I was really impressed with this book. I knew the photos would be great, but was highly surprised that the writting and the content were so well done. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to know about tattoos or just wants to know more about Kat.
6305657947|5.0|I really liked this movie, it had good twists and turns in the story line.  Good cat and mouse type mystery.  Pierce Brosnan and Renae Russo are fabulous in this movie together, having good chemistry.  Not really appropriate for underagers, but thumbs up for the grown ups!
B001BKG9SA|5.0|I have only watched the DVD and still have not heard the CDs. However, the DVD alone is worth this great package.  It is incredibly refreshing for someone who has followed Pink Floyd and its members artistry from the beginning of their magical unification. David Gilmour transformed Pink Floyd since Syd Barrett left the band in the 70's and up until now he remains one of the greatest musicians of all time.  What makes artists great is their unwillingness to compromise to comercialism and to remain faithful to themselves, to satisfy themselves first and then to hope that others will like their art.  Visually speaking this concert does not have much to offer, however, watching young generations that weren't even born before Pink Floyd says a lot about how transcendent Pink Floyd and David Gilmour's music is across present generations and others to come.  Musically speaking, it is an outstanding concert that will take your breath away.
B000F8O35U|5.0|Good hearted movie and adorable under the sea characters. Clean entertainment for the whole family!
1401310400|2.0|I am very disappointed in how hard it is to read this book.  The typeface is so small that even with reading magnification glasses-I cannot read it!!!  I think they should have made the book a little with a few more pages and a more realistic font.  Am thinking of just throwing it out and buying a Kindle version so I can magnify the font.
B0043X7WLA|4.0|I've been an on and off fan of Sufjan for a while now. His music has always been eclectic to say the least. This album is a prime example of what Sufjan is capable of. Some reviewers have criticized it for being confusing or non-linear, but I think that's what makes him so brilliant. And I mean BRILLIANT. It's absolutely more electronic than anything he's done before and I for one love it. Favorite track at the moment (3rd play through) is \\"Too Much.\\" And the final 25 minute \\"Impossible Soul,\\" is nothing short of a sonic journey.     And seriously, $4 !!!??? Real music at a real price. Thank you to whoever was responsible.
0393072231|5.0|Clear, concise,and credible It really gave you a sense of being there. My daughter was one of the people written about and it was eye opening to read about her involvement. She was one of the people yelling  FIRE !
B0041ZQHHA|5.0|For those Killers fans looking at this album, I can describe it as \\"Killers-lite.\\" Possibly even a more \\"acoustic\\" Killers. Brandon Flowers has a knack for anthem-like chorus' and catchy hooks. His work with atmospheric tones throughout the album is apparent but much less so than any Killers album to date. The synth that is his calling card is less pronounced but definitely still there to a degree. It's really worth every penny. I think this album will be appealing to more than just the Killers faithful. This is absolutely at the top of my album list at the moment.
B000EHQTZO|5.0|King Kong is a iconic film that jumped started its genre. There may have been monster movies before Kong, but none with the long term impact of this film.<br /><br />Everyone knows the story. An adventurous promoter gets wind of something fantastic on a mysterious lost island, and sets out to turn a profit from it. They find a native village with a huge wall to protect them against ... something. When Kong, a giant gorilla, takes off with the beautiful blond, the ship's crew sets out to rescue her, finding more dangers and surprises on the island than just Kong.<br /><br />Unlike the remakes, the attraction between Kong and Ann Darrow in the original was all one way. Kong was seen as a monster to be exploited and ultimately feared and defeated. Still, this springboard for animator Ray Harryhausen provided the most realistic monster action seen on screen at the time, and Kong's battles with the other giant denizens of Skull Island were terrifying to behold.<br /><br />Sadly, with the proliferation of horror movies in color, its rare to see a screening of Kong on TV or cable anymore. As a kid I was able to watch it often. But even though more and more channels have cropped up, there is less broadcasting of classic old black and white films like this one. If you don't find one on TCM, you just about won't see a B&W film anymore. And now the local stations don't bother to show syndicated movies at all anymore. Infomercials and mindless talk shows, sadly, have filled those time slots. Therefore a fan of the original Kong wanting to revisit this film, or pass it along to kids or grand kids, just about has to get the DVD now to have a chance to view it. Luckily, the DVDs can be had at bargain prices.<br /><br />I'm also a fan of the Peter Jackson remake. Although it has a lot of critics, I believe that Jackson kept faithful to Merrian Cooper's original ideas, even though he did buy into the 70s idea of having some of the humans begin to care for Kong.
0061537934|4.0|I'm not a race car fan but love animals, especially dogs.  Enjoyed reading this book...the family pet is the narrator.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I bought this very excited but at the same yet time VERY skeptical.    I had read tons of reviews about all the problems from static to simply poor service.When I recieved them i was concerned due to the fact that i would have had to buy something additional in order to use all of its features, i was wrong. Every thing comes in box and its a wonderful product. I guess im just lucky, but i have had no interference with my wireless router to my wireless headset (Turtle Beaches). So far everything has been great! (Knock on Wood!)    Sound is great and the price on her was the big tiebreaker. It was between these and the Astro A30's and i got these and my buddy got the Astros (Astros = More CA$H). I would honestly say the if the sound isn't identical, than these Beaches are better. As well as the sound, the Beaches are more comfortable (in my opinion).    Movies. Perfect for when your up LATE and don't want to wake the family with some action. SWEET to hear background noises such as bugs ect.    I'm a big gamer. This helped A LOT with my skill and to simply enjoy ALL games. Ive discovered soundtracks that i did not even know were in the game! Hearing someone behind you in Hardcore Search and Destroy in Call of Duty and immediately 180 drop shot headshotting them is the sickest feeling. Perfect for hearing the slightest movements. Generally, when im playing serious im wearing these, its just the in game thing to do if your trying to win. I play with a team and you REALLY know whats happening at what location. (Example in COD. Best for Search (Quiet type game=Less noise) rather than Demolition (Game with tons of killstreaks= alot of nose=almost too much going on at one time)    Overall i NEVER give 5 out of 5's but this does its job. It does what you pay for!    Over all..Buy it Here! Great price for a Great product.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I use these to listen to music and practice piano on a keyboard. Music sounds great and it makes my cheap keyboard sound like a unit costing twice as much.
030745455X|5.0|Stieg Larsson's second novel in the Millenium series is even longer than the first book.  Many, but not all, of our questions are answered and we get more of a feel about the background of the 'Girl'.  There is lots of action, but we follow our lead characters separately as Lizbeth retreats from her developing attraction to the leading man.  Again, at the end of the book, we are left with some important unanswered questions that will have to wait until we pick up the third book in the series and we just can't wait to do that.....this book, like the first in the series, moves at a rapid pace that holds the reader's attention from start to finish and is a must read for all fans of \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\".  I've got to go now, book number three is waiting.
B003Y3BMFW|4.0|I'm satisfied with the material of course because Soundgarden is a great band. On the other hand it is simply impossible to please every single fan. There will always be a song or two or three left out. On this release though, I wish they chose to include more b-sides and unreleased material that not every fan can easily get a hold of. Atleast not in the form of a compact disc. Songs like \\"Cold Bitch\\";\\"Into The Void\\" \\"Blind Dogs\\" etc need to be included. Everyone has heard \\"Spoonman\\" and \\"Blackhole Sun.\\" We need more songs that we don't have to add to our collection. Bands and record companies need to realize this and stop re-releasing old material. \\"Black Rain\\" is a nice addition to this but this is NOT the best of Soundgarden. I still give it 4 stars because it is Soundgarden and it's a great rock album and the videos are great to have. I also really like the artwork and packaging.
0307266303|2.0|I am a runner and have read several running books.  From this title I thought I would learn some revolutionary concepts about running.  The language was very crude and much of the book had nothing to do with running.  But, what disappointed me most was that it taught virtually nothing about running.  I wish I could get my money back!
0439023513|3.0|SOMETHINGS MISSING  Katniss and Peeta.......were was their part in this story? I needed more then one page of text to end their story. I feel cheated! She really never picked between Gale and Peeta.If Gale was the one to return to 12 would she have settled for him? The love Peeta had for Katniss,and the hope Katniss would return that love was the main reason I loved these books,so to have it end so empty! Killed me.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|This movie has to be one of the best movies of 2010 so far! The movie is filled with lots of laughs and goofs. It is a very enjoyable movie with a really good cast, which includes Emma Stone, Aly Michalka, and Amanda Bynes. This movie is similar to an 1980's movie! It is awesome and amazing.<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B002VPE1XE|3.0|The Amazon Basics Universal Camera Case is a good idea.  I have a [[ASIN:B001SER4BK Canon PowerShot A1100IS 12.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 2.5-inch LCD (Silver)]], and it fits easily in the main compartment of the case.  I can also fit the camera's USB cord, an extra set of AA batteries, and extra SD cards in the front zipper-pocket.  It's a tight fit for the accessories, but it works.<br /><br />The camera case is made of fabric-covered neoprene. It has a wrist strap, and the flap is held in place by a good-sized patch of velcro.  The case feels good in your hand.  The velcro, though, is the problem.<br /><br />I had been using this camera case only a couple of weeks when I noticed that the velcro patch on the front of the case (not the velcro on the flap) was coming loose from the case.  The stitching came loose, and before I knew it about 1/3 of the velcro patch now needs to be reattached to the rest of the case.  Now I have to try to re-stich the velcro back on by hand.  That will be kind of tough, because it's attached to the outer surface of the zipper-closed accessories pouch on the front of the case.  Wish me luck!<br /><br />So, the design is very good, but the quality control for this item, at least in my case, leaves a lot to be desired, thus the 3-star rating.<br /><br />I was, by the way, appalled when I received this completely unbreakable thing packed in a box that was in turn packed in a box that was, like another reviewer mentioned, about twenty times too big!  Come on Amazon, let's get a little more sensible about packing!<br /><br />ADDENDUM:  I've now had this case for six months, and the stitching is coming apart on the inside.  Quality control does appear to be a problem, at least for the unit I have.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|WOW!  I got this last week without reading any reviews.  Brought it home and immediately started watching with the family.  We could not make it through the first episode.  The narration is the worst I have ever heard in a documentary!  It sounded as if Oprah was reading a bedtime story to 4 year olds!  Who-ever it was at the BBC that decided it would be a good idea to get Oprah to replace the original narrator should be fired immediately!  I will be getting the original BBC version!
B000P7V46C|5.0|I have been listening to Genesis since 1974 when I was 12 years old. I Love The Lamb, Seconds out, Trick of the Tail, Wind and Wuthering, This one, and really every album to offer until Phil Collins left. I have seen them Live eigth times, I have seen Peter Gabriel 3 times. The first Peter Gabriel concert @ Rosemont Horizon in Chicago was awesome. Front row, standing at the stage, Peter put his mic down to the audience's mouths, when he got to me, I grabbed it for 2 seconds and let go, I was really excited. Then he layed down in our arms to be passed around. Simply AWESOME.    Anyway this album is AWESOME, I LOVE IT. I can't find mine so I am ordering this as a replacement. I sometimes cry when I listen th Genesis, remembering all the concerts I went to over the years, and all the years Gone Bye Bye.    I use to think I liked Genesis better with Peter Gabriel, but now I realize I LOVE all the albums with Peter of Phil. I remember seeing Duke on June 6th 1980 @ Rosemont Horizon in Chicago, just days after graduating from High School in Waukegan, IL. We got there very early, we brought a cooler, and many frisbee's to have fun before the concert. What memories of these awesome concerts performed by Genesis, and Peter Gabriel.     PLEASE COME BACK LIVE SOON !!!    GOD BLESS ALL :)
B003F3NDWG|5.0|I enjoyed being able to watch the series without commercial interruptions.  The series continues to be a favorite of mine.  The writers deal with death and mayhem but the focus is on the relationships between the cast.  Each of the characters Castle, his mom and daughter, Beckett and her crew always entertain.  I liked the book Heat Wave as well.  Lots of fun.
B003FLWHA2|5.0|Came before expected and in excellent condition. My son read 2 1/2 of the four books in one day! Thanks!
B003UYUR10|5.0|It is like Aladdin with a little fantasy and a little romance.  A great view.
0385738757|5.0|I loved this book, frankly the crazy, hap hazardous, rushed, psychotic things that happened fit perfectly with the plot line.  The whole point of the Maze Runner and the Scorch Trials are to trick the readers' heads.  Do we trust Teresa? Who is Brenda? Thomas should be the leader! No Minho should! The whole trilogy is an experiment on us, we don't know what is real, or what is fake, and at the end of the day we don't know if WICKED really is good or bad.<br /><br />Thomas, wow what a character.  Since we're basically living in his head and experiencing his emotions I feel for him.  Do you trust your best friend? Isn't she the Betrayer? I completely understand why he's concerned about WICKED when the only things he can remember from it, are tests, subjects and Teresa.  Scorch Trials is a harder book than Maze Runner because people die in the book for seemingly no reason.  I mean we know it's for `patterns' and `killzones' but it is so seemingly pointless from Thomas and the other Gladers' perspective.  How does lightning killing roughly half of your group help these `patterns'? And who do you trust when Cranks try to shoot you and drug you up. I trust Dashner though and know that what he reveals in the final book will be completely unexpected yet perfectly fit with everything we have gone through.<br /><br />I don't know how I personally feel about WICKED, throughout the entire story they are eluded to being good, to trying to save humanity, yet their actions show otherwise.  What was the point in the final battle? Were they really trying to wheedle down their `perspective candidates' but then what about the rest? I read this book in three hours because it was that good and I couldn't put it down. I feel as if Dashner captured human character and emotion perfectly.  You have to remember these kids lived together in the Glade first, they know about death and dangers and how WICKED can change things in the blink of an eye.  It doesn't take much more to believe that WICKED would set up elaborate games and plans that would force people into doing something they don't want to.  They have the power of life and death absolutely.  After so long of being under that kind of power you either are dead or accept it.  I am anxiously awaiting the third book, and know that it's going to be one heck of a kicker.p elaborate games and plans that would force people into doing something they don't want to.  They have the power of life and death absolutely.  After so long of being under that kind of power you either are dead or accept it.  I am anxiously awaiting the third book, and know that it's going to be one heck of a kicker.
B002ZCY7QY|5.0|I just love all the Chuck series.  If you want something light hearted be sure to give this a try.
0316077054|4.0|From the back cover:  One night in the rain, Ethan Wate opened his eyes and fell in love with Lena Duchannes. His life would never be the same.  Lena is a Caster and her family is locked in a supernatural civil war. On her sixteenth birthday Lena made a terrifying choice, which now haunts her day and night. And as her seventeenth birthday approaches, Lena and Ethan face even greater danger. A caster and a mortal can never truly be together.   Every kiss is a curse. Ethan's next heartbeat could be his last. It is their curse now...    Review:  Beautiful Darkness is the sequel to Beautiful Creatures, which I also gave 4/5 stars. This is a really good follow on from the first book, it starts immediately where Beautiful Creatures finished which was great for me because it's been awhile since I read it and couldn't remember exactly what had happened, but after only a few pages in to Beautiful Darkness it all came back and I was ready to read on.     Some of the problems I had with the first book - random pacing, events with no follow on - have been eliminated from this one. The story is much more succinct, although I would prefer that the pace was a little faster. It doesn't drag exactly, but I think some of the story could have been sped up a little. I suppose the benefit of Garcia and Stohl taking a bit longer with the story is that there is more time for character and plot development. Also, to my relief, many of the questions left unresolved in the first book are answered and some more of the mystery of who Lena is and what she means for the Order of Things is revealed. The story is neatly wrapped up at the end of the book with some great leads into book three, and again, I can't wait to see where this story goes.    So overall, I thought this was a great read, and likely to be a 'must read' for lots of lovers of YA paranormal romance.
B003EVBCW2|5.0|I had never heard of The Tallest Man on Earth before purchasing this album.  The songs on the album speak volumes to me and have reconnected me with my love for music briefly lost.  Highly recommended.
B003YOMNCM|5.0|Guilty. Even though I am open to and obtain contemporary, well-conceived (not experimental) classical works, I must admit that I never heard of Jennifer Higden until I saw the PBS News Hour feature on her, Hilary Hahn, and this Pulizer Prize concerto for violin. I am very much glad that I did, as this recording by Hahn and the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra has made me a new fan of the composer. With a sense of fun, and indicated by the titles of the movements, which like those of John Adams, are poetic, Higden's composition avoids the plethora of dissonances and noisy, jagged clashes of some contemporary works; and while it is in no matter lush or romantic, the movements are filled with energy and movement and wild theatre, in addition to, as in the second movement, rich lyricism that hint of roots of Copland Americana. Hahn has been hit-and-miss when I have seen her perform, but here, she attacks the vibrant and demanding concerto with panache. As for the Tchaikovsky, a piece I now avoid at concerts out of boredom of repetition, this rendition is direct, without much interpretive liberties, deliberate because this score is an earlier, pre-criticized and subsequently elaborated and shortened draft. It is hearing the concerto with new ears. This outstanding, brilliant, wonderful, joyous, captivating album is a gust of fresh marine air over a parched inland valley. Ah!
0316776963|4.0|If I had to give it a star rating, I think I'd make it 3 1/2 on one level and 4 on another. I think that's mostly because the book is so unexpectedly dark. Sedaris is very funny and has a unique way of viewing the world but when he describes his years of drug abuse and his experiences in the \\"art\\" world, the writing was not so funny. (well, how could it be considering the subject matter!) Until reading this book, I had no idea Sedaris had such a past. It is to his credit, however, that he was able to come out of that part of his life and make such a success!<br />The title of his book refers to his living in France and trying to learn the language. Having taken French in school myself and trying to use my \\"knowledge\\" in Paris and Quebec, I related to his experiences - and was just as embarrassed! His description of Americans he met in his travels who did not realize he was an American, too, made me embarrassed for my fellow countrymen.<br />If you go into the reading of this book and expect it to be similar to previous works, you will be a bit disappointed (3.5 stars) but if you read the book and marvel at Sedaris' exposure of his lowest moments, you will not be disappointed (4 stars).
B0007Y08QA|4.0|An amazing performance by Christian Bale, a very good one by Jennifer Jason Leigh,<br />and a cool, effective, desaturated look.<br /><br />A man who has hardly slept for a year goes further and further into<br />his own paranoia, as he, and we, question his sanity<br /><br />It works really well as a psychological thriller, setting up a really creepy, unique, dreamlike<br />mood for most of it's length.<br /><br />But the ending is so neat, and ties up the loose ends in such an obvious,<br />that it takes a bit away from all that precedes it.<br /><br />It did improve for me on a second viewing, where, knowing the ending I could appreciate<br />it more for what it was, rather  than being disappointed in what it wasn't..
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins is a book I never thought I would be interested in reading. Yet I found myself caught up in the story and towards the end I couldn't put the book down.  This book is set in the future, after the destruction of what we now know as America, due to natural disasters and non natural disasters.  Out of the remains of the old world a  new world called Panem arises which consists of The Capitol and 12 (used to be 13 districts).  The districts are kept in line by the mighty hand of the Capitol by Peacekeepers and electified fences and the annual Hunger Games.  As a reminder and punishment for an uprising/rebellion almost 3/4 of a century earlier each district is to send one boy and one girl \\"tribute\\" to the Capitol each year where they will fight to the death, with only one Victor.  The book begins on the day of the \\"Reaping\\"-the day where the tributes are chosen at random-and we are introduced to the main character, in whose voice we read the entire book, Katniss Everdeen.  We follow her as she volunteers as tribute and journeys to the Capitol with her fellow District 12 tribute Peeta.  I really did find myself connecting with the characters.  The author brought them to life for me.  Even though I had a hard time at first reading it in the voice it was written in, I got used to it.  I really thought it was going to be filled with lots of bloody battle scenes, but even though there were a few scenes that were a bit graphic and gory, the remainder of the time in the actual arena consisted of quite a few lessons on survival skills as Katniss kept to herself in order to stay alive, utilizing the skills she learned while hunting illegally in the woods behind District 12.  There were a lot of twists in this book enough to keep the reader on his/her toes and it made this book very hard to predict, keeping the suspense level just right to keep the reader reading just a little bit more, a little bit more.  The author kept the plot flowing perfectly.  Not to mention the surprise ending.  And while there are those few scenes that might bother the faint of heart, I was really pleased to find no foul language in this young adult novel.  The author has quite the imagination and was able to bring this future fictional world to life in all its horrors.  Oh, and there is a bit of a love story being told here which is extremely important to the plot.     This book is definitely a 5 star book.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|I bought my Kindle in part to NOT pay the absurd prices that we see for books these days.  The Kindle price offered now is a bit high for a hardcover book, let alone an electronic version.  Let me know when the price drops to $9.99 or below, then I will consider Mr. Follett's latest offering.
B003XCVQ3C|4.0|Worked for me on a MacBook Pro 13.3 2.66 GHZ this was released on april, the apple site states that only the ones released after june work but mine work perfectly with the audio, But the image is not completely crisp selecting 1080p as output resolution on a 1080p samsung 40\\" HDTV, my other pc laptop can output a really neat image for less than 1080p on a vga cable.    This is the same adapter that u can get on the apple store, so I guess this is the best product available, I hope I can get either a better adapter or a mac with HDMI
B000063UR1|5.0|I'll keep this short.  Bruce Dern was (only) a cowboy bad guy, a black hat, until this movie.  Kudos then for taking on a risky role completely out of Dern's usual line.  The movie itself is gorgeous.  If there are no CGI effects, well, art doesn't really care if it's realized with brushes or scraped on canvas with palette knives -- or painted by Hokusai or Whistler, for that matter.  This film is visually satisfying.    As for the Freeman Lowell character played by Dern, yes, the hippie vibe is real.  As are the tree-hugger and druid attitudes.  Lowell would gladly sacrifice the human race, in toto and including himself, if it kept the great, long-lived Cretaceous genomes of deciduous trees and flowering plants alive and ready for the future.    Lowell's companions are bullying, high-school thugs..  Their only use for Lowell is as a medic who heals even his enemies.  Someone, that is, to take advantage of.  Such a Messianic thread glistens a little too brightly in a fabric of illusions as modest as Silent Running, but most ecologists will justifiably use the film to separate the sheep from the goats, ecologically speaking.
B003JTHXOK|2.0|This is a rehash of a similar book he already wrote (The Guardian) similar to numberous other books and movies.  Not a single original idea.  Very disappointed.  Mad that I bought it instead of waiting for it at the library.
B0034G4OVS|3.0|Some Spoilers***    I watched this one the other night, and while there were some suspenseful moments(most of which were wondering what Mr. Darwin was going to do with this hapless trio) it fell flat on too many levels.  I normally love horror movies, and I also watched \\"Hatchet\\" recently, and liked it alot more....simply because it didn't seem to masquarade as something anything more than it was.  Not so with \\"Frozen\\"...    The actors, while decent, were decidedly clueless.  I won't get into all the things they could have done vs. what they did in fact do.  Is this what colleges are producing these days.  I guess they took the Incomplete in \\"Common Sense particularly when your a$$ depends on it 101\\" that semester.  Why would that clown think he could jump and not injure himself to the point where he would be immobile thus negating the point of him jumping off the lift to begin with?  Oh and I love the \\"Don't let her watch!\\" repeatedly as the wolves are attacking....you are about to get eaten alive by wolves my man, would YOU really care about who is seeing it or their fragile psyche cracking?  I doubt it.  Oh, and the wolves....like some others said, these are the smartest wolves going(far smarter then these three people).  And, they are inconsistent, they spend most of the movie hanging around and basically attacking as soon as any opprotunity presents itself(okay, fine), then in the end, the injured girl crawls away, even after being noticed by at least two wolves that couldn't have been more then 10 feet away, that weren't feasting on the second guy....ahhh wtf?  I thought for sure as she was just getting to the road they would appear in masse and drag her off to be devoured, and I think that would have been a much better(at least consistent) ending.  It would have been like Jaws swimming off and leaving Brody on the mast of the Orca after attempting to eat Hooper and definitely eating Quint. Oh well....    There was one actor in the film that definitely had itsredeeming value, and that was the environment.  You did get that stillness and isolation that is key for a movie like this.  But that was the films biggest and best quality.  By a mile.  But I think we can all think of a number of horror films that utilize this well, and give you a better story and characters as well.    Worth a watch(although I doubt you'll keep coming back to it), just don't let your expectations get too high.
B003L77G38|5.0|This show has held our attention since the first show.  Never a bad show.  Love all the characters(and actors)....and everything is so plausible and possible.  Some of the theories have been out there for over 40 years and would not surprise if some of the shows written had more information than we are really aware of that the governments have hidden from all of us. Yeah, definitely a sci-fi Fringe admirer.....for all of you.....just sit back and enjoy the experience.
0439023513|1.0|You can be anti-war.  That's fine.  War is a difficult thing to understand.  It's not pretty.  It's terrible.  However, you can't deny that it's sometimes justified...for instance, if some jerk is putting your underage kids into a lottery to fight to the death, perhaps?  Collins is very qualified to write about the subject of war, right?  After all, she IS a military brat.  Well, I'm a military wife so I imagine it qualifies me to write this review I suppose...I only say this because Collins stresses quite a few times in interviews that she's a military brat and that her dad taught her all about war and peace so she's qualified to make some sort of statement on it.  I've been married to a military man for many years now and he's told me a few things about war and peace, too...and I've stood by him during difficult deployments.  War is something that has affected my life and his on a very personal level.  Only I get the feeling Collins doesn't really understand war nor its combatants at all.  Not if I judge the content and overall tone of this book.    I loved The Hunger Games.  I loved Catching Fire.  I was really excited about both of these books and told everyone I knew about them.  Finally!  A tough female heroine who shows just enough trace of vulnerability to let us know she's human.  She's not a chick lit bimbo giggling over boys or making her whole existence dependent upon them.  She is the anti-Bella.  Her life has been hard and experienced enough to tell her that love and romance are not as of utmost importance as survival.  I loved this about her character.  The flip-side of her was this ultimately selfless, compassionate young lady who would stand up to what is right NO MATTER WHAT THE COST.  I wasn't prepared to mourn the loss of the Katniss Everdeen I'd loved so much right from the first page.  The Katniss in this book is weak, always injured, always drugged up.  In fact, about 80% of this book, she is in the hospital or simpering, seething, and the toughest you really see her is when she's glaring at her sister's cat as Collins ends several despondent chapters with a chilling \\"And they knew what this must mean.  He/she/they would have to die\\".  J.K. Rowling already did a technique kind of like this in the final Harry Potter book...only hers showed an abundant joy in the ending.  The sacrifice of oneself - the retraction of having to make that sacrifice - the joy that comes from knowing the character was almost virtuous enough to make that sacrifice...Not here, though.  I'm not saying all of life is always a happy ending, but this book was ridiculous in the depressing department.    This Katniss is brooding, dark, completely unlovable.  There is nothing redeeming about her character whatsoever.  She's not the ingenue draped in flaming fabric anymore.  You're not watching her grow into a beautiful, virtuous woman...You're watching her disintegrate.  She's a bitter, cynical, unpleasant anti-war narcissist.  She's not even a happy-go-lucky hippie.  She's the type of person that can't find any joy in life and wants to suck all the joy out of lives of others, too.  I hated Katniss in this book.  Some part of me thinks that was Collin's intention.  She was trying to display a Katniss with crippling PTSD forced to be the face of revolution who wants to STOP war because she's watched so many people die.  Sound the buzzer.  Collins got this dead wrong.  True warriors don't turn their backs on causes that are noble.  You absolutely can not compare the Iraq war with the war occurring in Mockingjay. The Iraq war does have reasons to be criticized, but the war for freedom from The Capitol in Mockingjay?  100% justified.  What bothers me most, perhaps, is that she got the warrior spirit wrong in so many ways.    In 2003, a good friend of my husband's was killed in the Iraq war along with some other members of his unit.  What happened to him after these events?  Did he become a cold, uncaring narcissist?  Did he run off and joinanti-war sentiment?  Did he turn around and say, \\"No more death!  I can't do this anymore!\\" No.  His friend's death made him want to see things through to the proper end - for his friend, for their cause.  Seeing friends die makes you want justice and to see through the mission their friends died to accomplish, not to call it quits and live in terror. Anyone who reads this and knows anything about war and those who fight them knows this.  Nobody is saying war is a good thing.  Nobody thinks that.  However, some people view it as a necessary evil and want good in the world, but know it can't be achieved until the bullies are gone.  In Collins' world, THIS makes THEM the bullies and that simply isn't true.  The big flaw in Collins' work is that she has set up a world in which only the biggest wimp would say that war was not justifiable...and then she turns all her characters into self-loathing simpletons, who still have to fight simply because she needs enough blood and gore to make her 'war is bad' point.  She's trying to create a war with no bravery, no honor, and nothing but war criminals and stupid pawns who do what they're told.  She's taking characters you grew to love and turning them into war criminals.  Supposedly to show you that war criminals were people just like you and me and that the simple act of participating in war makes you one.  Bunk.  Totally bunk.  The reason Katniss becomes such a depressing sack of hatred is supposedly because she participated in war.  Yes, it's a groan-worthy thing to do to impressionable young minds reading her work and to adults who also happened to admire the once-strong Katniss Everdeen.     You then have Collins trying to introduce the character of President Coin.  She doesn't give enough background on Coin and honestly, if she had wanted this character to matter at all in her storyline, this character should have been around from the first book very prominently.  Coin has no character development and neither do any of the new characters she tries to introduce.  I guess the big moral agenda here seems to be that nobody wins in war and BOTH sides are equally bad, but its such a naive point of view, especially given the world that SHE created.  Collins created a world where everyone is oppressed by a viciously cruel Capitol.  She called the shots in creating those who do what's right and stand up against tyranny...Yet, when it comes time for those rebels to rise up, Collins decides she's going to paint them with a broad brush and make them no better than The Capitol.  She's trying to do some scenerio here where nobody wins in war and everyone is equally guilty.  If you look at the situation, there is a clearly GOOD side emerging...and then Collins abruptly turns the tide and makes them ALL the bad guys by making Coin seem just as bloodthirsty as their nemesis President Snow.  Ah, but where does that leave Katniss?  She has to be painted as being no better than anyone else, too.  This leaves you with not one character left with an ounce of anything worthy.  Even Peeta, whom I was getting tired of anyway, with his uber-feminine wiles, becomes EVIL Peeta...who still possesses feminine wiles.  Maybe they'll live happily ever after while Peeta decorates cakes and Katniss is out hunting...Ugh.  No wonder Katniss can't love him - he's not a real man!  She's always waxing noble about saving him while he plays the darling, dejected one.  I was almost happy when he started showing some backbone...and then I find out he's been brainwashed.  Doh.    In the end, what becomes of Gale?  He's eyebrowless and he has an important job.  Yay.  Prim somehow just apparates into harm's way.  The romantic triangle also ends in a whimper.  I didn't care about the romantic triangle and apparently Collins doesn't either.  However, it's there and you'd think it would be resolved in a way that evokes the emotions of the reader.  There was nothing here.  The last pages wrap up with whom she chooses and that's that.  Between the misguided anti-war theme of \\"nobody wins in war\\" and \\"people in positions of power will always be corrupt\\", you have rose-scented villians that cause traumatic reactions in Katniss every time she smells a rose (this is new - a new ploy Collins tries to introduce at the last second that we're supposed to take seriously instead of laughing about).  I have never been this disappointed after anticipating a book for so long.  If you've ever had someone try to tell you a morality tale...and their ANGER about the subject prevented them from illustrating their point in a valid way that you could take seriously, then you'll know what I mean about finding the same thing here.  This is terrible.  Completely unworthy of the first two books in this series where Collins writes brilliantly and vividly.  I truly hate saying any of this, but it's how I felt and several times I was insulted to see this portrayal of those who must go to war and fight - whether or not they agreed with the cause.    Perhaps the most disturbing thing is that this is a young adult novel...I would implore any parent to read this before letting their children read it.  I defended Collins on the violence in previous novel, but I can not defend her here.  The violence is over-the-top, ridiculous, and much of the time adds absolutely nothing to the story other than to cover it in blood, guts, and melted flesh to satisfy the weakly honed 'War is bad -- mmkay?' point.
B000YABYLA|2.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />Those who love Oprah will probably love this movie along with aficionados of daytime soap operas. The strategy of such movies is to give the characters a few quirks but make sure they all have hearts of gold. Juno is full of witty quips (improbable for most 16 year old's) and her boyfriend Bleeker loves tic-tacs (that's about all we found out about him throughout the entire movie).<br /><br />Juno's parents blandly accept her pregnancy and they have nothing much to do except wheel her into the maternity ward when she's about to give birth (funny how the father disappears for most of the movie--he's nothing more than a kind-hearted cheerleader for his daughter when we do get to see him).<br /><br />The screenwriter, Diablo Cody, takes a stab at creating an antagonist in the character of Mark Loring, who decides to divorce his wife and foil Juno's plans of having the couple adopt her baby. But even though he decides to leave, he's also still a good guy--albeit a person who simply needs to \\"find himself\\".<br /><br />Ultimately \\"Juno\\" doesn't have enough conflict to keep one's attention for a full hour and a half. Cody falls back on predictable, saccharine moments to fill the void. Did I forget to mention Jennifer Garner? Her 'Vanessa' is probably the dullest of all the characters in the movie.<br /><br />Many on this board who gave the film a low rating fault it for trivializing teen pregnancy. That might be true but the worse failing is the lack of character development coupled with a predictable and sentimental denouement.
B000EBDCWS|4.0|It was on this date of October 13th that I wrote my first review on Amazon.  And that review was on the RCA import of \\"Greatest Hits: Vangelis\\".  One album that was represented in that greatest hits collection was this one.  His first RCA album commercially successful album called \\"Heaven and Hell\\".<br /><br />Realistically, Vangelis only really had one \\"hit\\" and it was called \\"Chariots of Fire\\" and it's not on the greatest hits collection, anyway...<br /><br />Mind you, though this came out in 1975, it was not Vangelis' first album.  I understand he's had solo albums from as early as 1971. In the late sixties he was a keyboardist for the psychedelic progressive band called \\"Aphrodite's Child\\" featuring the internationally famed Demis Roussos.  Demis has a fabulous voice even while forcing himself to sing in English instead of his native French.  Now as I understand, Aphrodite's Child came from France, but Evangelos Papathanassiou (Vangelis) came from Southern Greece.  Aphrodite's Child had several radio singles in Europe (unrecognized at all in America) and it's really a shame because they put out some fabulous music.  Go to You Tube and check out the songs \\"It's Five O'Clock,\\" \\"Rain and Tears,\\" \\"The End of the World,\\" and \\"Spring, Summer, Winter, and Fall.\\"  You will see a younger Vangelis performing in this talented trio on some of the televised videos available from Europe.  They also released a rather controversial album called \\"666: The Apocalypse of John 13:18\\".  It's a fabulous double album of subjects of the Book of Revelations put to Progressive Rock.<br /><br />Anyway, this album of \\"Heaven and Hell\\" features the tracks \\"12 O'Clock,\\" \\"Bacchanale,\\" \\"Third Movement (later became the theme from \\"Cosmos\\")\\", and \\"So Long Ago, and So Clear\\" which features the vocals of John Anderson from \\"Yes\\".  Jon and Vangelis has released a few albums together up through the early eighties including the great twelve minute piece called \\"The Friends of Mr. Cairo\\", a tribute to the film stars of the thirties and forties.<br /><br />Anyway, this album of \\"Heaven and Hell\\" represents a introduction of progressive, medieval, and dark cathedral (chamber-like) classical music.  But, if you don't like this album (it is an acquired taste, it took a few plays to grow on me because it was so different than most anything else I was listening to at the time), then try two of his other 1970's RCA releases, like \\"Spiral\\", and \\"Albedo 0.39\\".  I personally liked these albums more, myself.<br /><br />In comparison by concept and appeal, I'd play this album during a session where I'd also play Rick Wakeman's \\"Six Wives of Henry VIII\\", Klaus Schulze's \\"Blackdance\\", and perhaps Mike Oldfield's \\"Hergest Ridge.\\"  If you know and own these albums, and other similar albums, then \\"Heaven and Hell\\" will fit right in.<br /><br />If you want to check out another best of Vangelis collection, check out his non-RCA collection called \\"Themes\\", which includes \\"Chariots of Fire\\" and many other familiar themes.the thirties and forties.    Anyway, this album of \\"Heaven and Hell\\" represents a introduction of progressive, medieval, and dark cathedral (chamber-like) classical music.  But, if you don't like this album (it is an acquired taste, it took a few plays to grow on me because it was so different than most anything else I was listening to at the time), then try two of his other 1970's RCA releases, like \\"Spiral\\", and \\"Albedo 0.39\\".  I personally liked these albums more, myself.      In comparison by concept and appeal, I'd play this album during a session where I'd also play Rick Wakeman's \\"Six Wives of Henry VIII\\", Klaus Schulze's \\"Blackdance\\", and perhaps Mike Oldfield's \\"Hergest Ridge.\\"  If you know and own these albums, and other similar albums, then \\"Heaven and Hell\\" will fit right in.    If you want to check out another best of Vangelis collection, check out his non-RCA collection called \\"Themes\\", which includes \\"Chariots of Fire\\" and many other familiar themes.
B000UJ48O0|5.0|Unit well packaged. Using as gift so not viewed. Seller was prompt on deliver and feel value was great.
B001LF4IA6|2.0|For a pop album, \\"not very memorable\\" is gentle criticism, but Springsteen listeners usually are looking for something to grab them. The songs here are middle of the road, not exceptional in any way, with the exception (ironically) of the bonus cut \\"The Wrestler\\" from the movie of the same name.
B001PB3RU8|5.0|I'm no music reviewer.  In fact this is my first review of an album, but I felt I had to express my admiration for this album.  It gets better and better with each listen and I can't get enough.  It is cohesively amazing.  Every part is just right.  That voice, the lyrics, the music.  You can't possibly regret this purchase.  I really hope the next album can hold a candle to this.
B000P0J09W|5.0|If you ever saw this movie as a kid you wanted to be a goonie. It was a cool movie with lots of adventure , and it doesnt have alot of the rated R material they call PG 13 now a days. Great for young and old Kids a real family movie.
B0006VU3ZA|5.0|So, it's a bootleg.  Two great albums, awesome booklet, cool artwork.  Who are these other reviewers? Why should they care?  Pretty collectible if you ask me.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|When one thinks the masterpiece is perfect comes this Bluray with so much new content and quality that it took away my possibility to express.    EPIC WIN!!!
B002RKS81O|4.0|The Kindle edition was well-formatted with only two recurring issues:  (1) every 4-5 pages or so, some sentences or phrases were repeated on separate lines near (but not perfectly next to) where they first appeared or were about to appear, but they were easy to spot and ignore; and (2) bracketed numbers appeared occasionally within the text, but it was unclear what they referred to. Content includes table of contents with chapter titles and a somewhat antiquated preface (not by Austen, of course) from the out-of-copyright text.<br /><br />With respect to the content itself, Austen's story and story-telling is amusing and witty, her language is ornate and sometimes a bit tedious, and most (though not all) of the characters are sketched vividly. This was the first Austen book I've read (and the first she published), but I rather doubt it would have remained so popular without the success of her other books; I would recommend Pride and Prejudice or another of her books as a first read. Nevertheless, though I'm primarily a non-fiction reader and a reader of science fiction and adventure otherwise, I found the book to be enjoyable and very satisfying.
B002UJIY7A|1.0|(SPOILERS)<br /><br />Steve Zahn trying new things... this time, being a villain. When, it did not work out.<br /><br />This is a predictable thriller, boring until the bone, the kind of movie that the heroes (and also the villain) get shot, get stabbed, lose blood, get kicked in the head, and in the next scene (or even in the same scene) act like that was just a little inconvenient. Also, the kind of movie that not only one, but FOUR no-ones  appears out of nowhere just to be shot by the villain.<br /><br />The paycheck must have been good. And this thing got 61% in Rotten Tomatoes...
0553805371|2.0|What a disapointment. I doubt if Stephen Hawking had much to do with this book, and I am not familiar with Leonard Mlodinow, but this seems like little more than an attempt to make some money off Hawking's name.<br />I started out expecting an argument for scientific materialism. I was fully armed to disagree, but what I got was a meandering, sometimes interesting and occasionally enlightening perspective on the history of physics, unfortunately replete with conclusions and leaps of logic that fail any reasonable test of logic. This was okay with me for a while because it seemed at the time that it was filling my ammunition case, but as the pages went on, their arguments and logic seemed to get weaker and less focused. There is no doubt Mlodinow knows his physics, but it seems he has lost his objective view of humanity and how we fit in the universe and what consciousness might actually be and imply about the ultimate reality of nature, and even of science. The fact that we seem capable of elevated levels of consciousness is not mentioned. Scientific propositions are taken as fact. Mathematical conveniences are likewise presented as if they describe actual physical reality.<br />One minor example is when they take Feynman's sum over histories approach to quantum mechanical particle paths as objective reality and use it throughout the book, when even Feynman considered it an interpretation which allowed a mathematical calculation to proceed, not necessarily a physical description of what is actually occuring. Feynman considered it a tool which allowed computation and some semblence of a physical picture of what might be happening, much like his famous Feynman diagrams.<br />The authors also invoke the so-called anthropic principle, which in essence says the fact that we exist restricts the physical laws and the characteristics of our environment, that \\"our own knowledge of our existence imposes rules that select, out of all possible environments, only those environments with the characteristics that allow life.\\" I've always thought that this is a circular argument, that rather we have evolved as we did because of the environment that existed. If the environment had been different, we would have evolved in such a way as to prosper or not in that environment. But he goes even farther by using what is called the strong anthropic principle. This states that our existence places restraints on the actual physical laws that govern the universe. That seems absurd, in a sense placing humans in the postition of God.<br />They go on to point out in some detail how, if any of numerous physical constants and laws were even slightly different, life as we know it would be impossible. Such an argument hardly makes the non-existence of God more likely, or favors arguments denying his hand at formulating these laws.<br />They don't really mention the big unanserables: Why does matter (energy) and time exist at all; what, really, is energy; what is space; what is force; what is charge, color, strangeness at the most basic and fundamental level?<br />Another point. The book virtually assumes the correctness of M-theory and the multi-universe concept of physical reality. That is absurd. This is only the latest in a long line of theories of everything that have come along, been developed to dead ends, and then been replaced by yet another proposition. This theory too will evolve, we will learn from it, and eventually it will be replaced by the next in what I predict will be a long line of theories.<br />The authors also impose the no-boundary concept, where time is confined to a surface like space is (picture the surface of the earth, where there is no beginning and no end) and which I do not have a problem with, but they carry it to an extreme.<br />Then, they just end. The book is over, seemingly almost in mid-thought. There is no conclusion, no closing argument,no logical end. The book just meanders along the course of physics, hinting throughoutthat God is unnecessary, and ends without a whimper.<br />Even after my dissatisfaction with the so-called logic of the book, I expected a good, solid conclusion at the end with which I could agree or not - probably not. But I was cheated even out of that.<br />Save yourself some time and read a good biography of Feynman such as Genius by James Gleick, or a detailed but non mathematical treatment of physics such as From Eternity to Here by Sean Carroll.
B000KQGX1Y|5.0|After all the CDs Celtic Woman has released, A New Journey is still my favorite.  The songs are absolutely beautiful and there's a great variety of styles: from the wistful Beyond the Sea, the haunting \\"Newgrange\\" to the exciting fun of \\"At the Ceili.\\"  Hayley Westenra was an excellent addition to Celtic Woman--one of my favorite songs on the album was her spell-binding duet with Meav in The Last Rose of Summer.  If you're a lover of Celtic music or just beautiful music in general, this CD is a must-have.
0316069485|5.0|There is a time for action and a time for procedures.  This book does the best Connelly has done to balance the two.  Personally I prefer a lot more Harry Bosch, and less Mickey Haller, but I certainly can live with this one.  It was indeed a pleasure to sit down and read a well organized and realistic story, as opposed to the the blood and guts approach evidenced in the Patterson and Wood latest efforts.  I liked the ballence of LADA and LAPD.  The only fault is that SIS doesn't blow a surveillence. Not the best Connelly book, but very good.
B0001I561E|2.0|This was a gift for my daughter. It was a copy of the movie re-wrapped. If it was a great copy I might not have mind so much, but it wasn't. I will never again buy a movie from another seller on Amazon.
0393068382|5.0|Just when it looked like neuroscience was justifying our current worldview that innate differences are somehow \\"hardwired\\" into the brains of little boys and little girls author Cordelia Fine comes along and checks out the scientific studies. What she exposes and describes in detail are poorly designed experiments, blind leaps of faith and convoluted circular reasoning. In scientists! According to what Fine uncovered we have mutable brains, continuously influenced and changed by our cultural environment. Besides being thought provoking--it may make you rethink a lot of your beliefs--this book is both funny and well written.
B00383UJ2U|5.0|Beautiful CD, really beautiful. #11, The Water is haunting. The whole CD just has a great sound and a great mix. Definitely an 80's feel but nothing that gets tired. Can't even count how many times I've listened to it over and over again since it arrived yesterday. So glad I decided to purchase it! Love it!
1439181780|5.0|Simply Magnificent.    This book is an Inspired Beam of Pure Heavenly Healing Light.    Read it.
0307278409|2.0|I didn't like this book. I do appreciate how difficult it is to learn any new language as an adult. However, the main characters were despicable.
044654759X|5.0|I have read all of Sparks' novels and this, in my opinion, was his best !!!  Stick with it, it is a little slow to start but then WHAM !!!!!!  Loved it !!!!!
B003Z2LAAO|4.0|I haven't seen that many IMAX films on the Grand Canyon so I won't be able to give any real comparisons, but I will say this one does at least deliver on what I was looking for: Nice wide footage of the Grand Canyon. Although most of the footage is personal shots of the expedition you do get some really good aerial footage as well as other impressive nature shots.     The difference between this particular documentary and what I would normally expect from a Grand Canyon is that it has a conservation message tied to it. Instead of focusing solely on nature's wonder there is a lot of footage on the effects of drought and siphoning of the Colorado River. So if you are looking for a full-on nature safari this isn't exactly it. At the same time it's not like you aren't getting any absolutely amazing footage either. Just not as much as I was expecting.     Like many IMAX films coming to Blu-Ray the AVC transfer is breathtaking. The 3-D on this release is indeed in full 1080p as opposed to the 720p some studios are mulling over for their 3-D BD releases. Every little detail will stand out, even on the included 2-D version (even if those details won't come out and touch you). The audio is equally immersive with the DTS HD MA 5.1 track getting you wrapped up in the sounds of the canyon all over. There is also a German DTS HD audio track. Unfortunately like the original Blu-Ray release I think there are no subtitles of any kind. There are a somewhat respectable list of extra features on this release, which I suppose is better than expected. Most of the extras are standard definition with the exception of one. Here is what you get:     - 30 Minute Making of Featurette chronicling the challenges of shooting in IMAX 3-D.     - Music video by Wade Davis' daughter, Tara singing \\"Water\\"    - IMAX feature trailers in HD    It looks like they took out some of the features that are on the 2-D only Blu-Ray released a little while back like the HD MFF IMAX Productions retrospective, conservation tips, fact sheet and trivia. I guess you can say it's small price to pay for the 3-D aspect. Still some will miss the retrospective.      Grand Canyon Adventure: River at Risk is a very worthwhile documentary that shows the real beauty of the Grand Canyon... if you don't mind the preachy parts. Of course conservationists will really appreciate the fact filled message as well as the eye candy. The IMAX theater release was also in 3-D so now you get the full experience of this 40 minute feature... well... aside from the massive IMAX viewing screen of course.
0439023513|5.0|I enjoyed this whole series. Mockingjay was a shocking, painful, and perfect way to end the series. I will be thinking about it for a long time.
B003V5PQ1E|5.0|I absolutely love this cd! But, just a warning: It's addicting. You won't wanna stop listening. This cd actually only has about 9 real, full-length songs. The other tracks are just quotes or short musical interludes, both of which, I could do without. But the full songs are awesome! This album is certainly different than all the previous Linkin Park cd's but still worth buying. I would suggest listening to it for what it is and the cool music on this cd, not for the fact that it is Linkin Park. If you buy it expecting to hear typical Linkin Park...you'll be disappointed. But it's still good music, Linkin Park or not, and is still worth listening to. As long as you expect it to be different...you'll like it! I would definitely reccommend this to a friedn! Enjoy!
0756665949|5.0|I still highly recommend this book to anyone who loved Lost. If you want a gift for your favorite  Lost fanatic, this is the only book you should consider buying. That is because this is the only book written with the help of the Lost producers. It is fact-canon. Other books may theorize what happened in the Lost world but this is the only book that tells you what did happen.     \\"No great depth\\" said the previous review! I was amazed at all the depth and details. Just a few examples: Jacob appreciated Widmore's loyalty and allowed him to rise to leadership with Eloise. Jacob had Alpert strip Widmore of his position and banish him. Danielle arrived on the island after the Purge. Ben planned to fool Juliet into releasing the gas from the Tempest killing herself, the 815 survivors and the freighter crew. Plus it confirms things we suspected like Widmore being the one to execute the Purge of the Dharma Initiative via gas from the Tempest and the one who told his goons to slaughter the Ajira 316 survivors.     There is very little on the flash-forwards. The 14 or so pages (text is limited to brief recaps) are tacked on the end of the book after the index like an afterthought. Given this is an encyclopedia there isn't much for the writers to say about them anyway but the placement is very odd.     Know what else is odd? Apparently the editors didn't show up for work! I found too many instances of misplaced and repeated text including this gem in a series of bullets about Shannon; \\"Loudly whined about Marshal Mars dying too callously.\\" LOL! It is sooo annoying when someone dies callously! That probably should have been \\"Callously whined about Marshal Mars dying too loudly.\\"     I also found overall that the text lacked clarity. Many paragraphs were poorly worded and clumsy. In places grammatical errors left the text unnecessarily ambiguous. It's obvious that neither the publisher nor the writers were up to the task of producing this book properly which is sad. Or perhapsthe producers are at fault for not choosing writers who could produce clean text under a tight deadline.     I'm still giving it five stars because the book looks great (all 400 pages), it contains a mountain of information that is all canon (which no other Lost book can claim) and it is relatively cheap for all it contains. For all its faults, it still makes the best gift you can buy for any kind of Lost fan from the causal fan all the way up to the Lost fanatic.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|I don't have any other portable headphone amps to compare this to, but I do own a Nuforce Desktop amp, which runs more than 4x the price of the Fiio E7.      This little box ROCKS.  Great build quality, it looks like a high end piece of audio equipment.    Includes a 3.5MM gold-plated cable, a rubber sleeve, a soft case, a black band for the amp and your MP3 player, and a miniUSB to USB cable.  Everything you need is there.    Plugged it into my laptop right away to charge the batteries.  The \\"Fiio\\" logo lights up when it's charging, nice touch.    The screen is a really nice touch.  Pretty much all the portable amps in this size and price range do not have any screen.  Of course, you don't need it, you plug your input, your `phones and adjust the volume.  But the screen is very high quality, and really adds to the unit, in my opinion.    The digital volume control took a bit to get used to, if you move it up/down several steps, it doesn't just ramp the sound up/down instantly like a dial, but changes it slowly to the new setting.  Volume changes are smooth and there's no noise.    Sound quality?  Oh yeah.  At the moment I'm using the analog-in connected to the Nuforce iPod adapter output.  The sound is amazingly clear, and gets quite loud with no distortion.  I'm just plain amazed at the sound from this tiny amp.  I mean, sure, it's only driving 32ohm headphones, and the source material is basically CD quality, but wow.      Rip one of your favorite songs with Lossless quality, listen to it through the headphone jack on your player, then plug it in through the E7 and listen to it again.  The difference is shocking.  So far I've only been able to use it with my Grado \\"iGrado\\" headphones, but the difference is evident immediately.  Can't wait to try this out with my SR60's, which is what I really intend to use this with.  They're both 32ohm headphones, but the SR60's are quite a bit better.    They say this amp is useable up to 300ohm headphones, so I will have to try them with my Sennheiser HD650's.  It will be interesting to see how this little unit drives the 650's.  I'm sure the output will be a bit lower, but if the E7 sounds as good as my Icon HDP, I'll be shocked.  Then I'll wonder why I didn't buy this first and save the $450...    As far as shipping, they sent it out the same day I placed my Amazon order, and sent me the tracking number.  Not a complaint, more of an FYI, my package was sent \\"signature required\\" via USPS, so make sure you have someone to sign for it when it comes.    UPDATE:  Tested the E7 with my Grado SR60's and Sennheiser HD650's.      The higher quality of the SR60's was heard immediately, compared to listening with the iGrado's.  The little Grado's are nice, but the SR60's just sound \\"larger\\", I guess would be the way I'd explain it.  Same impedance on both models same output levels.      Next I tried the 650's.  As I expected, I had to crank the digital volume a bit to drive the 300ohm headphones, but not a whole lot.  A comfortable volume setting for the Grado's was about 20-25, with the 650's, I was listening at about 30-35.  Cranking it up over 45 really gets overly loud for my tastes, but the sound quality still is there.    I still prefer my Icon amp for the HD650's, it's definitely a better DAC and amp, and has the digital-in which I prefer for the laptop.  But for the price, the E7 is really amazing.
B0044430H8|5.0|Great soundtrack - is omniscient at times, nostalgic at times, brooding at times, and sometimes all those things rolled into one single powerful score.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|Have not read the graphic novel but I still enjoyed the visual style and ass kicking that went on. If you like Frank Miller stuff it's a must buy.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|i absolutely loved the book. i love how rick riordan continued the story just in a different series. the last book in the percy jackson series did have a kind of airy ending making me hope that another book would come out. So heres what it is about: jason opens his eyes and he is on a bus with people he doesnt even know. he doesnt remember who he is and what he is doing there. suddenly storm spirits start attacking him, leo, and piper. the spirits fail to kill them but do manage to kidnap their protector/satyr Gleeson Hedge. the reinforcments arrive revealing a demigod named butch and suprise suprise Annabeth(she is my favorite character). annabeth is literally going crazy with worry cause three days ago ago aa fellow camper just disappeared. you know who he is. PERCY JACKSON! long story short jason and leo and piper go on quest to rescue the godess hera for she has jasons memory. they battle giants and evil princesses and on the way jason discovers he has a sister. Thaila Grace. in the end they discover that the new Great Prophecy is soon to come true. they find out that there are two halfblood camps that are always trying to kill each other. hera transported jason from the roman one to the greek one and stole his memory. she made an exchange meaning that she also transpoted percy from the greek one to the roman one and also stole his memory. the book ends with them figuring out that the reason that jason and percy was transfered to different camps is so that they can unite the two camps and complete the great prophecy. this means that since the great prophecy says that 7 halfboloods shall answer the call half of them will come from the roman camp and half of them will come from the greek camp. we already know some. annabeth,jason,piper,leo,and percy. i cant wait for the second book to come out. its called the the son of neptune.
0345505387|2.0|I was a little disappointed in this \\"novel\\" because it is not to my taste. I thought the excess cleavage was unnecessary and the characters silly looking at times. I did like a lot of the scenic art but Graphic novels are obviously not for me. I like to read and love how an author can make me see through their words. And Dianna does it beautifully. Basically I'm glad I have it to add to my Outlander collection, it's different and added a little to the story but I don't think I'll buy another graphic novel.
B000F6IOBQ|5.0|The action is doubled in this one more-so than the first. It ends on a cliff hanger just like the last movie did and the storyline has also grown. very nice vampire action movie
0312370849|2.0|I struggled to get through this book because it came highly recommended.  I finally gave up and didn't finish the book.
B002ZG994U|5.0|I really liked this movie as well, I am not actually writing a movie review I just want to know when will it be released on DVD? The Karate Kid came out the same Friday and it was already released on DVD. I am constantly getting emails from Amazon.com about Pre Ordering and yet it doesn't tell me what Tuesday will the movie will come out on.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|I really wanted to buy this cd after His passing but most of the Michael Jackson cd's where sold out around Me.    So I got this one it came so Quickly it was in one piece yay x3  And well packaged and exactly what I wanted.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|Amazon was great! So easy to use and fast! And The Beauty and the Beast Platinum Edition played perfectly. Its color was amazing and bright. It seemed so heightend it was wonderful to watch it again as I am sure I will do a million times from now. It is now just as timeless as its ever been.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|This is a great product if you want more emersion in what ever game your playing and it is great for sound whoring
0525951652|1.0|This might be a good book but who cares. The price is over the top for the kindle edition. I won't pay that much for a paperless book. It is more expensive then the book itself. CRAZY
B0016Q6CQI|5.0|I was thrilled to see that they turned the musical episode of Buffy into a soundtrack. This is every Buffy Fan's dream.
1582701709|3.0|I'll start off by saying I really like this book. It has a good message, and it has helped many people, but there are many problems with it, and I think once you learn about them, you'll understand why this book is somewhat controversial.  PROBLEMS:  1. The Christian focus. It may not seem like it is not focused on this religion when you first read it, but delve deeper or read it again, and you notice the Christian references. Like the 'Ask, Believe, Receive' rule taken from the Bible, and how she says you should read the \\"Millionaires of the Bible Series.\\" Also, have you noticed that this book is backed mainly by the church? Hmmm....what does that say about the book....and the author?    2. Most of the practicioners and people mentioned in this book are MEN. This rubbed me the wrong way. I mean, come on, if you preach in your book that everything is equal and balanced, and then you have a man majority, you are being a major hypocrite! There needs to be more balance between men and women in this book.    3. They REALLY exaggerated this to the point where it's annoying and showy, so they could get your money. I mean, come ON!! 'The Secret??' what an attention grabber right?! It takes you out of your seat, it fascinates and toys with you, and then you give in to your craving and find out that all they did was pump up the 'Law of Attraction' with such insignificant details,to the point that it is WAY TOO COMPLICATED! They basically took wonderful books like Dr. Joseph Murphy's 'The Power Of Your Subconcious Mind,' and other books on the subject and modified them into the amazing money getter that is 'The Secret.' They also continue too add extra accessories that you can buy to spend EVEN MORE MONEY!! The unnecessary addition of 'The Power,' and all of the little journals and calendar thinga majigs just rip you off! Rhonda Byrne manipulates you to think; \\"Wow, this is so great, I have to depend on it for the rest of my life!\\" and you'll keep buying, and buying.    4. She says something very rude in this book. It was \\"....if you see overweight people just ignore them....\\" when suggesting how to lose weight. Excuse ME?! Why would you simply ignore people, to help yourself? This sounds more like a book teaching you how to be snooty and above others instead of helping yourself and those around you.    5. Another focus I was not happy about was the white focus. There were about two ethnic people in the book. That's it.How IRRITATING! Again, where is the balance people?!    6. You don't NEED this book! Yes, it's a good read, but the 'Law of Attraction' is meant to be explored and learnt about on your own! I don't mean that you shouldn't help people who need to be taught this, or that you should keep it all to yourself, but everyone needs to have their own personal journey.... Not handed to them in the form of an expensive book. I think that 'The Secret' crosses the line when they say life is easy. It really isn't, and it shouldn't be! Where would we be without our challenges, trials and errors? So I hope you can have the courage to go out on your own and research, to better YOUR life.     That's about it for my review, but I recommend you read the most critical review also. It has AMAZING points, and it'll really help you decision of whether or not to purchase this book.   In closing I want to say good luck on your personal journey, and I hope this review has what you're looking for- in the book and beyond.  -L
0765326353|4.0|Yet another unique world from Sanderson. In a genre that can be extremely stale, it is always refreshing to read a Sanderson book. From the beginning I was interested in the world presented in The Way of Kings. The \\"spren\\" were unique, and the gravity magic was simply awesome. I loved the assassination section and followed every gravity shift holding my breath. I loved Shallan's story and Kaladin's in the first part of the book, but I have to admit that I was disappointed in part two. Dalinar wasn't as interesting as the other two characters, but the story was good enough to keep my attention. Unfortunately, Kaladin almost made me stop reading the book. His sections became repetitive, and they included one of my biggest pet peeves. We can tell from early in the story that Kaladin is using magic. It takes him until about page 700 to figure it out though. It also doesn't help that everything he is doing seems to be pointless. His sections felt extremely slow moving, and I still don't see the importance of some of the things that happened. I don't see why he had to take up so much of the book. So if I could change one thing, it would be to edit Kaladin's sections down.<br /><br />Why four stars then? First of all, 1000 page epic fantasies are not my cup of tea. I have gotten bored or irritated early on in all of the ultra popular gigantic epic fantasy series that are out now. This one felt different. The world was explained to us through the characters. There were no overlong introductions about what every town looks like. In short, the book is character based, and that is my favorite type. There are no 10 page sections of description in this book. It's either dialogue or monologue, and it kept my attention. There is a good story here to be told and plenty of mysteries yet to be solved. The ending threw out a few \\"wow\\" moments that make you want to continue the series, and I think there is promise here. It's not perfect, and my dislike of Kaladin's story hurt this book a bit, but the rest of the story made up for it. I can't wait to read the rest of the series, no matter how many books there are in it.but the rest of the story made up for it. I can't wait to read the rest of the series, no matter how many books there are in it.
B001URY5IU|5.0|I bought this toy for my nephews ages 7 and 9.  They loved it and played with it for hours. There is a feature where you can catapult two lego men standing behind a barrier just like a scene in the actual star wars movie.  I think that was their favorite since they just watched it. Anyway I would highly recommend this product for my nephews age range, especially if the kids have scene the star wars movies.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|Alright, I was pretty surprised when this book came out on kindle. I mean- I thought that Percy Jackson had ended. Wow, I was wrong. But I mean, two different sets of gods? That's just wrong. *sigh* I guess every god will have a new personality, new children. Atleast there's still Clarisse. Okay, you're probaly tired of my raving. The plot, right? The story starts with Jason, an unatural teenager, sitting on a bus to the Grand Canyon. Sitting next to him, are two demigods, Piper and Leo. I've told too much. Let's just say that not everything is what it seems.
0316069485|3.0|Probably like most of us as we get older and have a family, Harry Bosch is slowing down.  Michael Connolly certainly is.  This story is long on procedure and short on mystery.  Harry, his half-brother, his half-brother's ex-wife, and the two daughters just don't have the edginess of the early characters.  This story is very predictable and lacks complexity.  Unpredictability and complexity is what made the earlier books so much fun.  I think Mr. Connolly should consider putting out books as he crafts a good story vs. once a year according to his publisher's schedule.  Having said that, I will admit that it was hard to put down.  On the other hand, most of Connolly's early work was impossible to put down.  My advice - wait for the paperback or check it out from the library.
B003E66Y2A|5.0|I've gone through DVD after DVD to find the ones that the kids will really watch and the minute I put Shrek in, they are tuned in for the whole time.  The little ones (18 month twins) sit on my lap and are very content.  There has only been a few DVD's that happened to.  A real winner!
0143118420|1.0|Usually when I hear there is a film and a book - I go for the book - I don't like the edited version.  In this case, though, I believe the film will be better - editing could be just the ticket plus who doesn't love Julia Roberts!       I have been a world traveler - did the travel through Europe and middle east as a student and more traveling as an adult - that is what drew me to the book but that is not what this book is about.    Self-indulgence of the worst kind, too much looking within for answers when generally you'll find more looking outward, reflected off others.      \\"Production is the basis of morale\\" is a wise saying and would help - I suggest you get out and help others, get involved in the world.  The life of a writer - sitting home and looking inward needs to be balanced with other activity that is all good for the soul.
B003XX2PD6|2.0|This album simply put is terrible. Has Bradford Cox lost his emotion and passion for songwriting? I sure hope not, but it sounds like it on this latest album from Deerhunter. If you are a fan of Microcastle, Weird Era Cont., or Cryptograms, this album will disappoint you. I gave this album two stars to represent the two decent cuts off this record: Revival and Helicopter. Everything else isn't even worried of a rarities or b-sides release. Memory Boy and Don't Cry are so poor i almost cried.  I understand Deerhunter is moving in a new direction, which would be fine, if they didn't write cheesy uninspired lyrics that sound like they were stolen from a Nuggets album and rehashed with tape delays and random saxophones. Awful.
B003I55BIA|4.0|What it's about...<br /><br />Alex and Brittany in terms of how they live their lives and their backgrounds, are polar opposites.  Brittany lives in the affluent part of town, she wears the big names in terms of clothing and is part of the popular clique. Plus, her boyfriend is the star football player of their schools team. All that perfection is only a facade, however, her biggest issue that she hides from others is the fact that she has an older sister with physical and mental disabilities and is constantly fighting with her parents about what is best for her.<br /><br />Alex's life is not easy by any means either.  He is a gang member by necessity in order to protect his family as best he can from the violence in the area they live.  Recently the stakes have gotten much higher and he is asked by one of the higher - ups to help with a drug smuggling operation.<br /><br />Alex and Brittany have known each other for ages in a casual way for many years, but it is not until they are made lab partners by their tyrannical chemistry teacher that they actually interact.. To say they didn't  get along at first is an understatement.....<br /><br />What I think......<br /><br />Perfect Chemistry it seems to me like a present day Romeo and Juliet .  Unlike Romeo and Juliet, however, the words used are a lot less complicated! I enjoyed this book a lot! it teaches some life lessons without being preachy and the amount of violence is not overly exaggerated and definitely authentic
B0043GAZYS|5.0|i must say in my opinion. best movie ever lol. i saw this movie like 6 times and it has yet to bore me. i absolutely loved this movie. it was extremely original and you got to love the characters. it was quit different formt he comic i agree but i still loved this movie. it was hilarious and at the same time to freakin epic. there were some pretty good actors and i loved almost every fighting scene. especially the first one. when scott fights the first evil ex. how it started was epic!! i recommend this movie to all people who love rockin, hilarious, kung fu lovin, gaming nerds lol because this movie fits all that in there plus more. while watching i even recognized songs like the zelda fairy fountain theme. sure there were some moments where you just wanted to kick a character in the face. but the movie was totally amazing. i give it five stars. and the movie poster didnt lie. it was an epic of epic epicness ;D
031606792X|5.0|This book is great, thanks so much to the seller. Stephanie Meyer should write another book for the Saga. She's a fantastic author.                                       JP
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a great video, she keeps you focused and motivated. I also like the free 30 day trial for her online membership that can be cancelled at anytime, but I figured 30 day shred fits perfect with 30 day free trial. You get a great meal plan and stuff with the website. Anyway back to the DVD, Three levels you can choose from. All the techniques you can feel are being worked as you do them. Its easy to keep on this 30 day shred with her as your trainer.
B001IF5YLQ|3.0|This is a great product, easy to use, worth the money, BUT, when in place it could be a little more flexible or something, because in my case, as i don't have to much space on my desk, it stays so tight between my mac book pro and the monitor. But i highly recommend that.
B001NLKT60|5.0|I loved The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.  Being an old cynic, I usually shy away from best sellers, and I had my doubts if Played with Fire could possibly live up the the expectations engendered by the first book.  There is only one thing I can say about this book.  It is better than the first!  An absolutely wonderful read!
B002JVWRAO|5.0|Received the item in a timely manner and already have enjoyed watching the first 2 DVDs.
B003TML0VO|4.0|There is so little real rock 'n' roll out there nowadays that I bought this CD begrudgingly, cringing at the fact I had been reduced to nostagia for an aging guitar legend who's migrated from Woodstock to a show at Hard Rock Vegas.  The first few listens at home didn't bowl me over.  But, then I did it old school and put the CD in my car and listened a few times through.  First, keep in mind that Carlos has always been more of a collaborative artist.  His band had over a dozen lead singers and scores of musicians prior to Supernatural.  Second, he launched his career into superstardom with a cover, Peter Green's (Fleetwood Mac) \\"Black Magic Woman.\\" So, I don't see this album as any sort of sellout or gimmick a la Slash.  Also, I've listened to him for years just as a guitarist.  However, his sound (to me) had become quite predictable.  I'm not sure that I've heard him play a riff or lyric that wasn't derivative of himself since 1987's \\"Freedom.\\" Until now.  These songs really allow him to bring his latin/soul/jazz sensibility to a wide range of tunes.  Nearly all of the vocalists live up to the challenge, and, certainly, no one lets him down.  The only miss is on Gavin Rossdale's \\"Bang a Gong\\" where Carlos lets Gavin down by reducing one of Brit-rock's most distinctive guitar riffs to a jazzy mush.  The definite standout for me is Nas's work on \\"Back in Black.\\" I haven't heard Carlos rock with a wah like that since \\"Hope You're Feeling Better.\\" Given the wide range of selections stylistically, there's something here to please everyone.  I like most of the covers as well as (and a few even more) than the originals.  Even the songs that lag have a few brilliant moments of guitar work that make listening to the whole song worthwhile.  But, I won't bore you with my personal preferences.  If you like classic rock (1960s-2000s) with super-modern production value and the trademarked stylings of Carlos Santana, you will get far more than your money's worth here.
0792839730|3.0|I am an avid fan of WW2 movies and am in the process of replacing all my VHS movies with dvdS.Unfortunately, this particular dvd of A Bridge Too Far is missing some scenes.Namely the scene of the Polish commander, played by Gene Hackman, arguing with the meteorologist in England prior to being airdropped into Holland. Suddenly the viewer sees him jumping out of a plane. It would be a great service to all consumers if the sellers would indicate that a particular dvd is \\"uncut\\" as we might expect them all to be.
B003MQYR5S|1.0|the arrival from the shipper was fantastic. the actual movie STUNK, its too bad heath ledger is gone.
B00337KM2S|1.0|The scenes aren't written good. It was a very dull 10 mins that i tried to watch this movie. I usually enjoy anything with George Clooney in it but not this one.
1400049628|3.0|Let me get this out of the way first:    Everything written in this book is fictional. We all already knew that (I hope), but it never hurts to be sure.    I liked this book a lot for a lot of the same reasons that everyone else did. It very detailed and seems to be a well researched and thought out plan for what to do should the Living Dead attack. It does a very good job at making it *look* like the author did lots of research on the subject.    Here's the thing though:    If you really put any thought into it:    How do these mindless creatures know how to open doors? If not, what is the problem with a good metal door? Breaking one down is hard for an intelligent fully mobile one, let alone a mindless chunk of dead flesh with no coordination or intelligence. By the same token, how do they climb stairs? Have you ever tried shambling up stairs? It's extremely difficult!    While we're on the subject of stairs, the author suggests going to the second floor of your house and they destroying yours. He might find it hard to believe, but the piece of your house designed specifically to receive large portions of abuse without getting broken is going to take a lot of abuse before it breaks. Breaking your stairs is a *really difficult* thing to do!    I could nitpick for a very long time on the bits and pieces, on why zombies are immune to cell damage when being frozen and refrozen, on how human bodies are bouyant (and thus won't sink below rivers unless they are weighted down), and on lots of other science facts, but that would just be nitpicking. There is one much more irritating area of non-research.    The Author wears his prejudices on his sleeve. Why does the author believe it realistic to depict anyone involved with Christianity in any way shape or form to be evil, stupid, and incompetent? It's even more prevalent in his other book, World War Z, wherein nobody in the entire U.S. Army can figure out to shoot zombies in the head before getting slaughtered in a battlein Yonkers. It seems that Mr. Brooks believes that the West is inherently stupid and the East is inherently smart, that Christianity, the institution which preserved the knowledge of Rome, couldn't be bothered to consult with it and assumed that the flesh eating menace terrorizing them was best off being called evil and silenced.    Spare me.    Of course, Japan, a land known for how well it embraces new ideas and how it doesn't keep its ports sealed to keep out any and all foreign influence until forced to by Commodore Perry in 1854. Those guys are extremely smart and figured out the zombie thing from their katana wielding ninja orders.    (By the way, why would anyone with two brain cells use a katana against a zombie in favor of something like an ax? Katanas (and all swords) require a *lot* of training to use effectively, most of which is wasted on an unintelligent opponent. Katanas in particular are fragile, slow, and lacking in reach, on top of which they are dead weight when you aren't battling the living dead!)    This book is an enjoyable read, but it has its flaws, and those flaws *do* irk me a bit. Just read it and turn your brain off.
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I loved this workout! I am 31 yo, pregnant with first kid, and a moderate exerciser. My typical workout consisted of using the elliptical 30 minutes a day, about 3 days a week. This is a great supplemental workout as well as by itself. I found the instructor easy to follow, and her light encouragement about breathing, etc. less abrasive than other workouts. Her partner workout reminds me of my hubby... you can tell he's a little grumbly about it. :)
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Lost captivated me from the get go. It seemed to have everything including an air of \\"Self-importance\\". I'm not using that term in the standard way. I am using the term in a much larger, much grander way. Here were these people all beaten down from life. They were outcasts in their worlds before they ever became castaways on an island.<br /><br />But as we all know...except for those still \\"asleep\\"...this was no ordinary island and each and every week there were more and more things being revealed to us about this island; the Smoke Monster, the Dharma Initiative, the 'others\\", Richard Alpert, the Black Rock, Jacob....etc. etc. etc. It was actually becoming maddening because each and every season it ended, I would think, \\"Oh, please don't let it get cancelled...please let it go on...\\" And then the next season would take off and there would be even more questions, and more, and more. And then finally it was announced that there would be a sixth and final season (I always thought that they should've done seven as it is more in keeping with the mystical and scriptural themes they had going on) and I thought, \\"Well, here we go...bring on the answers!\\"<br /><br />First episode...uh, no answers...more questions.<br />Second episode...same thing...<br />Third, fourth, fifth, sixth...DAMNIT!!! ANSWER ONE STINKIN' QUESTION! DON'T EVEN MAKE ME REGRET STAYING WITH YOU ALL THESE YEARS!\\"<br /><br />But the answers never really came and yet in a soft and subtle way, they did...they were always there just under our noses. Of course, most of us bypass the obvious. The obvious is...well, too obvious. We like drama, flair, fireworks. Most of us only get things when they are shoved in our faces and even then we want more because we are greedy, greedy children and just like the Losties, we can really be in paradise and not even know it.<br /><br />Paradise is not where everyone and everything is going along smoothly. Paradise is when we learn to put aside our differences and learn to work with each other and with what we are given. Like the oft repeated line, \\"We need to live together or we're going to die alone...\\"<br /><br />And these characters rubbed up each other and it was that constant friction and agitation that revealed who they really were. Yes, they were \\"flawed\\" people...just like all of us...but underneath the flaws, there was the True Light and the True Love that was always shining. No matter what these characters may have said, or thought, or felt, or done; the Light within them was more than any of it.<br /><br />Just like with all of us.<br /><br />And then the end came but they weren't dead - they were alive. No, these people were dead before the plane crash. This \\"island\\" redeemed them, resurrected them, showed them their wholeness/their holiness, showed them that with just a touch of love, all things are made new. I have watched those last fifteen minutes of the finale time after time after time and I always get choked up. This is what life is about; it's about constantly adjusting and readjusting, giving as well as taking, doing things you are called upon to do and knowing that you are not doing it just for yourself, you are doing it for all.<br /><br />Truly, \\"no man is an island unto themselves\\".<br /><br />I have heard people complain that the show was too spiritual. Spirit is in everything. It's just not always obvious. But this show...this irritating, maddening, crazy making show revealed to me my own heart and showed me that I am really never living my life when I just focus only on \\"self\\" but when I dwell on SELF.<br /><br />Congratulations for everyone who worked on bringing this masterpiece to television. Your timing was perfect. Truly, to everything there is a season; a time to every purpose under heaven...<br /><br />Peace and Blessings,<br />john, \\"the Light Coach\\"given. Like the oft repeated line, \\"We need to live together or we're going to die alone...\\"    And these characters rubbed up each other and it was that constant friction and agitation that revealed who they really were. Yes, they were \\"flawed\\" people...just like all of us...but underneath the flaws, there was the True Light and the True Love that was always shining. No matter what these characters may have said, or thought, or felt, or done; the Light within them was more than any of it.    Just like with all of us.    And then the end came but they weren't dead - they were alive. No, these people were dead before the plane crash. This \\"island\\" redeemed them, resurrected them, showed them their wholeness/their holiness, showed them that with just a touch of love, all things are made new. I have watched those last fifteen minutes of the finale time after time after time and I always get choked up. This is what life is about; it's about constantly adjusting and readjusting, giving as well as taking, doing things you are called upon to do and knowing that you are not doing it just for yourself, you are doing it for all.    Truly, \\"no man is an island unto themselves\\".    I have heard people complain that the show was too spiritual. Spirit is in everything. It's just not always obvious. But this show...this irritating, maddening, crazy making show revealed to me my own heart and showed me that I am really never living my life when I just focus only on \\"self\\" but when I dwell on SELF.    Congratulations for everyone who worked on bringing this masterpiece to television. Your timing was perfect. Truly, to everything there is a season; a time to every purpose under heaven...        Peace and Blessings,  john, \\"the Light Coach\\"
0443069522|4.0|In short, this is an excellent book when used in the appropriate context. It is meant to be a textbook for advanced human anatomy classes that take a regional approach (i.e. med school gross anatomy); there is no better regional anatomy textbook.<br /><br />This was the main text for my gross anatomy class, and the professor also recommended Netter's Clinical anatomy (which is rich in clinical content but not the best way to learn structures/landmarks). As a textbook Grays is very good; it has a great combination of descriptive and accurate text as well as fairly detailed pictures. Personally, I wish that it had more pictures with more labeling. The drawings are not as good as Netter's Atlas of Human Anatomy. Netter's Atlas, however, has no text, so I always use these two resources together.<br /><br />Gray's Anatomy for Students was designed to be a textbook for REGIONAL ANATOMY classes. That is, students take a region (say Head & Neck) and learn all of the important bones, nerves, vessels, organs, and tissues in that region. A systems-based class, by contrast, teaches all of the important nerves in the body (across all regions), then moves on to all of the bones, then moves on to the circulatory system, etc. and not necessarily in that order. This is the best textbook if your goal is to truly master regional anatomy while taking a class. I am not sure it would be very useful for a systems-based curriculum so try to find out what your class involves before purchasing this book. Gray's also contains a fair amount of clinical content which is interesting, but may not actually be useful to you.<br /><br />If you are considering Gray's for USMLE board review, it is much too dense and contains too much detailed information for that. For board review, get an atlas (I recommend Netter's) and a condensed text like BRS Gross Anatomy by Chung or High Yield Gross Anatomy. See if you can look through those texts to decide which format you like better. Even BRS contains way more info than you need for your boards, but is an excellent tool for mastering gross anatomy. I don't actually know much about the High Yield book. So, Gray's for Students is excellent for a regional anatomy class, not good for quick review. I should also mention that the student consult included with this book is great to be able to access the full text online from anywhere. It also allows you to download many of the images, which could be used for study and presentation.<br /><br />If your goal is to teach yourself anatomy without taking a class, this book may be a good resource but is NOT the kind of book you read cover-to-cover. You will only be able to learn so much anatomy without taking a class (I tried before taking my class). Better and cheaper resources for self-teaching are the Netter Anatomy Flash Cards and the Kaplan Medical Flash Cards. The Netter cards are by region, and the Kaplan Medical cards are by system. They are both excellent.your boards, but is an excellent tool for mastering gross anatomy. I don't actually know much about the High Yield book. So, Gray's for Students is excellent for a regional anatomy class, not good for quick review. I should also mention that the student consult included with this book is great to be able to access the full text online from anywhere. It also allows you to download many of the images, which could be used for study and presentation.    If your goal is to teach yourself anatomy without taking a class, this book may be a good resource but is NOT the kind of book you read cover-to-cover. You will only be able to learn so much anatomy without taking a class (I tried before taking my class). Better and cheaper resources for self-teaching are the Netter Anatomy Flash Cards and the Kaplan Medical Flash Cards. The Netter cards are by region, and the Kaplan Medical cards are by system. They are both excellent.
0553805371|5.0|Hawking does a great job of explaining the universe and sub atomic interactions to the laymen. I'm not good at physics and higher math, but I understood everything in this book very clearly. He touches on the new M-theory as being the closest to the theory of everything we've ever been and explains the weird world of quantum mechanics. Also, for the atheists out there, he proves God didn't make the universe and basically proves without a doubt god never existed.
030726999X|5.0|If you are contemplating buying this book you've obviously read the first 2 books in the series and there should be nothing I can say to prevent you from reading the final book in the trilogy. After suffering through all of the Swedish first names, last names, and city/town names in the first two books you'd be foolish not to finish what you started and find out exactly what happens to Lisbeth. This book was as good as the first two and really ties up any loose ends from the prior books.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I can truly say that this product is worth your purchase.  I've been working out for over five months doing cardio & weights and just recently I purchased this workout video.  Jillian is an excellent instructor and she teaches you the dos and the don't dos in this video.  Since I started this workout about four days ago, I have already seen a difference in myself.  I really can't believe though, that I can't even make through level one, and I though I was in shape.  Was I ever so fooled.  This video in level one has some easy workouts but some not so easy if you are heavy, but she says in the video that she has seen even people who weigh over 400 lbs do jumping jacks.  I find this hard to believe since I struggle with them myself and I don't weigh anywhere near that amount.  Also this video has a lot jumping with jumping jacks and jumping rope movements (you don't have to own a jumping rope).  You do need a set of hand weights and if you are a beginner, start with 2 to 3 pounds at first and get yourself a good thick mat to do your sit ups/crunches on.  Your back will thank you for it.  Also, don't worry if you can't make it all the way through it at first.  Start out slow and if they are doing 30 reps, then maybe you should stick to 7 or 10 reps.  Don't over do it especially if you work outside the home.  I was so sore after the first workout and like I said, I didn't even make it through the whole thing.  I truly recommend this to everyone, but see your doctor first before beginning any exercise program.  I can't wait until I make it to day 30, and then maybe I will report an update on my progress and give you more reviews.  Have fun & at least do something instead of nothing.  You will lose weight and get fit, remember it takes time.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|This CD is great. I saw the show in Vegas and it  brinngs back great memories. The sound quality is  excellent!!
B002JCSWVG|4.0|Rugby is an unknown game in America. Clint Eastwood directs Morgan Freeman as Nelson Mandela and Matt Damon as the captain of a rugby team. It is set during 1995 after Mandela release from prison, presiding over a South African Nation still in turmoil in trying to balance white apprehensions with black ambitions. To help unite the country Mandela seeks allies in the most unlikely places...Springboks, the rugby team. Mandela reaches out to the captain of the rugby team and asks him to help him unite the nation. So they go on to beat the most dominant team All blacks and heal a wounded nation. A little known fact about the victory and believed by many people is the fact that the All blacks lost because half the team was suffering from food poisoning.<br />I thought the acting was very good, both Freeman and Damon fit in to their roles perfectly. Eastwood directs this one. I loved it and I think deserves four stars.
0525951652|5.0|I apologize. I do not,as a rule, lower my standards to those reviewers who are dim enough not to realize that they are in a book review section, rather than the bargain aisle at K-mart, where they are obviously most comfortable. I have, at this point, read around 100 pages of Follet's newest novel, and am thoroughly enjoying it. Amazon has an obvious conflict. They are pushing their Kendalls, but don't seem to have the integrity to delete this ridiculous amount of price-related reviews.   To those who find it necessary to send these silly reviews in, go to a library, if you know how to find one, get in line, and wait your turn for the book.
B002ZG974W|4.0|Babies is a brilliant idea on examining how babies in different countries live up to their first year after birth. The countries and the babies were Hattie from San Francisco, Ponijao from Namibia, Bayarjargal from Mongolia and Mari from Tokyo. The idea is to examine the differences in pregnancy and childrearing and they are eye openers. The baby from Mongolia was my personal favorite because it grows so close and with nature. The photography is stunning, especially Mongolia. I liked it. Four stars. 10/11/10
B002PNAY9C|3.0|There's quite a bit to complain about. It's a ripoff of Tolkien with few original ideas whatsoever. The thoughts of the dragons don't feel like the thoughts of dragons and he makes a half-assed excuse for it. The characters all have that read it before feel with most of the established status-quo.  But I'm forced to complement the chapter by chapter storylines which can be strong at times but when you string it all together the story is still weak too my tastes.
B00110K62U|4.0|The DVD is awesome and the singers are incredible. Only negative I can see is that at times the sound quality isn't the best. It's definitely good enough and I highly recommend this DVD to all Les Miserables lovers.
B003OWVHVC|5.0|BEAUTIFUL ALBUM BEAUTIFUL I HOPE EVERYONE SUPPORTS ALOE BLACC AS AN ARTIST.... The CD is all \\"HIM\\" NO FEATURES!!!! So you know its all his hardwork put into this album and you dont have to skip tracks listening all the way through you will FEEL IT!!!! Please SUPPORT a great artist and purchase this album.     P.S. The Album Cover is nice too so its worth it even more!!!
0307474712|5.0|Engaging. Moving. Entertaining. Funny. Relatable.     I recommended this book to my book club and they all adored it.     A MUST READ!!!     xx
0446677450|5.0|This book is recommended in almost all Universities for students in business school. Everybody should learn how to manage their money and wealth! Great read, easy to understand.
1449389627|5.0|When I got this book a few weeks ago, I had another book in the cue so I didn't get to it until last night. The other book was Predictably Irrational, and I couldn't put it down. But now that I've picked this one up, I'm not sure it will last the rest of day, much less the rest of the week. I've already added three books to my wish list because Scott made me realize those other authors had even more to say than he did. But he says so much in just the first 12 pages! How will I keep my hair from catching on fire? Is it possible to give extra stars because my head exploded more than once?    Buy this book for yourself, then buy a copy for your library, and another copy for your boss. Or read it to them out loud a month before your performance review so they realize how smart you could be if they encouraged you to take more breaks and goof off a little.    Innovative people need this book to understand themselves. Adaptive people need to read this book to understand the innovative people who work for them. Quit reading reviews and go get this book, then get out there and starting making \\"significant positive change\\" happen on a regular basis. Nudge things along with Scott as your guide.
B0011NVC98|4.0|Grendel is very cool looking so that really helps with the movie, though i wish his mother was like how she seemed to be made up in the books, but oh well. I liked the animation and the action. I don't know much about Beowulf but i think the film stuck to the idea pretty well though no doubt with some changes here and there. The dragon was cool as well and overall it's a fun film to watch.
0307454541|5.0|Book as described by Seller - Fast/Smooth Transaction - What else can I say? I just bought a book I wanted to read.
0141040378|5.0|This is the first Jane Austen book i have ever read. I had no choice since it was for English class. I daresay though that i enjoyed it greatly. It was very well written and very engrossing. It's about two sisters, one who is very open and the other who keeps her emotions and feelings in check.<br /><br />Since it was written oh so long ago, it might be a challenge for some to understand what is being said. I caught on pretty fast. The beginning is confusing but afterwards, it makes more sense. Things such as He is very agreeable or five and twenty (25) come up a lot. My advice is too read it with no noises or distractions. I had to re-read many parts cause of the background noises. The book is hard enough as it is as many will agree with me. It's a great story with a really colorful cast.
1449389627|5.0|With a background in philosophy, history, computer science, product management and basketball, Scott Berkun brings quite a bit to the table.  His interest and wide knowledge base have given this book such a great and unique perspective on the methods and process of creation.  A thoughtful and interesting book!
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Yes, this is a VERY bloody show. Yes, there is a lot of frank, graphic, sexual scenes. Yes, the video editing is over the top in many places, in a style that seems a cross between Sin City and 300. And no, there will not be lengthy discussions regarding Aristotle or Plato. Because of all these things, my wife and I LOVED Season 1 of Spartacus and cannot wait for Season 2.<br /><br />Look - I wasn't around 2,000 years ago, but much of the treatment of the Gladiators/slaves seems to be consistent with what I have learned about historical Rome. I feel good about humanity's progress that some reviewers find the blood and gore disturbing. I remember when HBO began the series Rome. I remember many people criticizing that series because it was more violent and sexually oriented than classic movies from previous decades about the Roman Empire. My response at the time was that the Romans were far more 'barbaric' in their day to day lives than audiences of previous decades were ready to see on the big screen, or censors would allow Americans to see. People eventually came to see HBO's Rome as the most realistic portrayal of Roman culture to date. I believe the same logic applies to Spartacus.<br /><br />I also appreciated the slow-motion, graphic novel, style of video editing. I certainly prefer it to old-school film fight scenes where someone is stabbed through with a sword, yet there is no visible blood.<br /><br />Regarding the dialog, I would have been VERY upset if uneducated slaves spoke like poets. I do not watch football for the graceful athleticism, but for the pounding gladiatorial action. When I want to see graceful athleticism, I go to see dancers on the stage.<br /><br />In short, there is a purpose for everything under the sun. If you like action, aggression, reasonably accurate historical portrayals, stylistic film editing and pithy one liners, you will like this series.
0393316041|5.0|Did you think that all scientist could be found some where sitting in a corner reading the latest scientific journals or in a laboratory hovered over some experiment they were engaged in?  And did you think that scientist were boring and dull witted?  This book tells the personal side of a great and brilliant American scientist.  It will change your mind about the results of genius.  It is entertaining all the way through and could cause a paradigm shift in your beliefs.  I just couldn't set the book down.  Very good reading.
142311339X|5.0|First, I highly recommend reading the Percy Jackson books first (but don't bother with the movie -- it kinda sucked).  It's not essential for understanding the story, but that way you're able to jump right in and enjoy.    Lost Hero takes place a few months after Last Olympian.  Enter Jason, a boy with no memory, and his friends Piper and Leo.  They make their way into Camp Half Blood, and are granted a quest to rescue a goddess.  But this isn't simply a rehashing of Percy Jackson, for there are surprising complications, and of course, new monsters to face.  We briefly get to see Annabeth, who is fiercely searching for Percy Jackson who is missing.  And Rachel makes an appearance, and a prophecy or two.  This was a fun read, with great characters, and just different enough that you don't feel like you're being told the same story as last time.    Fair warning: Lost Hero is the first in the series, so by reading this, you are setting yourself up for a long wait.  This story wraps up one story arc, but throws out teasers of what's to come.    As an aside, I miss the awesome chapter titles from the Percy Jackson books.    These are also great books to listen to.  Jesse Bernstein did a great job of narrating the Percy Jackson books.
1400031362|4.0|Morality for Beautiful Girls by Alexander McCall Smith In this sweet installment of the always-pleasing No 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series, Mma Ramotswe has quite a bit on her plate --- even for a traditionally-built woman.<br /><br />Her fianc&eacute;, the excellent Mr.J.L.B. Matekoni is suffering from the signs of depression, a Government Official believes that his sister-in-law is trying to poison his brother and bills are piling up at the agency--with few too cases to counter them. Not to mention, J.L.B. Matekoni is unavailable to work in his condition and while he hides out at the orphan farm to recuperate and take some medication, Mma Makutse ( her prickly, be-spectacled and utterly delightful secretary) finds herself the manager of Twolkeng Speedy Motors. It is a sumptuous book. Mma Ramotswe is so jolly and delightful she's Prozac! You just feel giddy reading about her and how innately good she is.<br /><br />This particular installment delves into the backstory of her adopted orphans, Puso and Motholeli and gave a bleak glimpse into the hardships African children undergo upon the death of parents. McCall Smith speaks very starkly about J.L.B's depression and we, as well as Mma Ramotswe, not only sympathize but no what is at stake for someone so well respected to be under the cloud of such a condition. Mma Ramotswe goes undercover to a farm near her home village of Mochudi and we see, for the first time, how the legacy of her father has rippled through the local community.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this book and its subtle wisdom. What a great tonic these stories are! While Mma Ramotswe is out of Gabarone, Mma Makutsi is approached by Two Shots Poulani: one of Botswana's lead Beauty Contest orchestrators ( according to McCall Smith, beauty pageants are quite popular in Bostwana and they always jump at a chance to crown a pretty girl). Sponsors are concerned that the women parading in the pageants do not have the moral integrity needed to provide a good example to spectators. Thus, Mma Makutsi ( who, face it!, has always found women in short skirts and heels problematic due to her own dwindling self worth) has no trouble writing off girls who aren't nearly worthy enough of the title of Miss Beauty and Integrity. When she finds a beautiful, rural girl who not only embodies the humble spirit needed of a girl of integrity but wants to attend the Botswana Secretarial College, Mma Makutsi finds herself rooting for a beauty contest contestant. All in all a charmingly wonderful story.ample to spectators. Thus, Mma Makutsi ( who, face it!, has always found women in short skirts and heels problematic due to her own dwindling self worth) has no trouble writing off girls who aren't nearly worthy enough of the title of Miss Beauty and Integrity. When she finds a beautiful, rural girl who not only embodies the humble spirit needed of a girl of integrity but wants to attend the Botswana Secretarial College, Mma Makutsi finds herself rooting for a beauty contest contestant. All in all a charmingly wonderful story.
B00005UP86|1.0|The DVD's will not play on my DVD player or computer.  Its formatted for Europe and not America.  They should have known it would not have worked but sold it to me anyway!!!!
030758660X|5.0|I don't think I could ever give this book enough praise. Fast and easy patterns that make amazing FO's. A bunch of classmates in my anatomy class were just fawning over my werewolf hat (that I was able to complete in 3 hours!). This book realy is a must have for all knitters!
B000V8I2QU|4.0|some pretty good stuff.... can hear some really old E-Street Band sounds goin on.... for the better... rocks a little bit here and there......  but for me, \\"Gypsy Biker\\" is worth the price of the whole CD..... and for the love of Christ, cannot get a radio station to play 1 damn song off this album...... even on the day he played this town.          Kopperhed in Oklahoma       B.A.C.A. sucks, don't let 'em near your kids.....
B003TSEL7S|5.0|This book is GREAT!!!!!! I am only at the 30% mark and i am stunned. This is almost better than the Erec Rex series! I predict the rest will be awesome!!!!!!
0688156819|5.0|For all those Burton lovers old and new,<br />This wonderful book is just for you.<br />A bunch of great rhymes, simple yet fun,<br />This book can be enjoyed by every one!<br /><br />This new instalment from the creative genius of Tim Burton shows the lighter side to his dark and often twisted social mindset. With simple comic rhymes and accompanying sketches, this small anthology of poems and 'other stories' depicts Burton's newer iconic characters including Stick Boy, the Boy with Nails in his Eyes, Stare-girl, Stink Boy, and Oyster Boy.<br /><br />This would be the perfect text to read to early primary students, introduce middle to late primary-aged school students to the realm of poetry, or for high school or university students to read for enjoyment and/or additional texts.<br /><br />The images are also Burton's work, revealing his creative genius further.<br /><br />A VERY cute (in a very Burton way) book, greatly enjoyed by Burton fans and those not so acquainted with his work.
B002RI9QJE|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book. Easy to read and great content all supported with examples and easy but useful experiments. It opens your mind to a new concept (if you don't know anything about behavioral economics like me), and gives you some tools to improve your own decision procedures.
B003XX2PD6|5.0|I am slightly surprised by the direction Deerhunter is taking with their most recent album, Halcyon Digest.  Bradford Cox's side project, Atlas Sound, took a different direction in \\"Logos.\\"  In his album, he merged the worlds of electronic, pop, and rock together seamlessly, and I think the direction of Deerhunter is taking a similar approach, just from a different direction.  A part of me worries, because I feel that some of the lyricism and musicianship has fallen a little short on this album.  There is nothing wrong with experimentation, and I think it's the most important thing a band could do.  Songs like \\"Desire Lines,\\" \\"Coronado,\\" and \\"He Would Have Laughed\\" build upon what Deerhunter has already made as a band.  The music is fearless and unapologetic, and I am reminded of what I love so much about their music.<br /><br />Sadly, this is one of the first albums where I didn't love it as a whole.  Some songs feel incomplete, and I don't feel that immediate connection I so frequently feel with their previous albums.  What I love about them is their ability to haunt the listener yet somehow trick them into thinking something is positive or hopeful.  The entire album of \\"Microcastle\\" made a fool out of me.  You listen to \\"Agoraphobia\\" and despite the message of the song, you get this feeling of openness yet fearless vulnerability.<br /><br />Despite my criticisms, this album is very beautiful.  They've mastered something few know how to do well, which is layer sound.  Whether it's by luck or they have the most perfect ears in the world, they know how to make something and make it beautifully.  Their direction might be different from what I expected, but I think bands are meant to surprise the listener.  They've definitely challenged me, and in a way, that's what music should do.  Bradford Cox said it best when he mentioned that people only listen to what they're comfortable with.  From \\"Turn it up, Faggot\\" all the way to \\"Halcyon Digest,\\" they've challenged their own sound and challenged listeners to step out of what they're comfortable with.challenged listeners to step out of what they're comfortable with.
0802130208|1.0|While I can appreciate the positive reviews of this book, which sparked me to make the purchase, I was sorely disappointed.  At page 75, I was bored silly.  What, exactly, is the point of the story?  The main character is repulsive with no redeeming qualities.  As many reviewers have pointed out, the other characters are interesting, but that is about all I can think to say about them.  I suppose this is a great character study, but a plot is severely lacking and the characters are just not strong enough to carry this book.
B002MCJZHS|2.0|It's rare that I find an album that I love immediately and realize that after the fourth or fifth listen, it's lost its spark.  It's rare because when I find an album that I love, it's on constant rotation with other albums for at least five or six months.<br /><br />This album proves great musicianship.  Each member brings on another layer of beautiful sound, and I think for being so young, they've made a record that is very moving.  All other elements are lost.<br /><br />The vocals are terrible.  This is something I didn't pay attention to at first, because I was so intent on the sound.  Lackadaisical is the word I would give for the attempt.  The tone of their voices don't change... ever.  It's a shame, because they do have very good vocals, but they didn't explore beyond just being \\"good.\\"<br /><br />Every song after \\"Intro\\" sounds exactly the same.  After one listen, you've heard all of it, and that isn't music.  It's taking a template and filling in the sounds.  None of the music challenges or explores, and it takes no initiative in creativity.<br /><br />I think in the future this band might create some great music, but I think this music is very pre-ejaculatory.  It stumbled upon something great, but instead of continuing, it stopped completely and fell short.  And yes, it left me incredibly unsatisfied.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|....  One star for you    I'm a huge fan... Love Pillars and everything else....  But at that price, the book doesn't get read, and you get one star from me.  Simple!
B001C4CI8U|5.0|A good start to an interesting premise.  Well acted and written. You know more is going on but you are not sure who are the \\"good\\" guys and who are not.
0066214122|2.0|People are taken over by nanobots.  Then it's up to the hero to outwit the nanobots (which shouldn't be difficult since they blow away in a stiff breeze).  And that's about it, folks.  The plot of Prey is recycled from the endless \\"people are taken over by aliens\\" stories that have been around forever.  The characters are stock: Crichton doesn't bring them alive, and if they were alive, you wouldn't want to know them because they're so dull.  A couple of action scenes -- characters battling swarms of nanobots -- are lively, but the rest of the prose is flat.  Crichton had some interesting ideas about nanobots but lacked the originality to do sufficiently interesting things with them to make the story worthwhile.  The novel might be okay -- just okay -- as a fast beach read, but there are better options.  I would give it 2 1/2 stars if Amazon made that option available.
0316069485|5.0|If you read the recent novels of Connelly you could anticipate this work. Harry Bosch, Mickey Haller, ex-wives and children whom Connelly has come to know as rounded figures meet up in this police/court procedural novel. The reversal of a twenty-five year old conviction on the basis of DNA evidence leads to Micky's drafting as a special prosecutor for the retrial and the involvement of his ex , Maggie (Mc Fierce)Mc Peterson and Bosch on the team as well as Bosch'e turning to FBI profiler Rachael Coccelly gives the author a complex and believable situation. With this cast, the use aof circumstantial evidence and possible interpretations of the DNA evidence, the problems of a substantial change in science and interpretation of the crime and the differing interpretations of the DNA evidence all leads to a satisfying conclusion. The final catastrophe includes unresolved evidence which promises a future novel dealing with a serial killer if not serial killings by the bad guy in this case.   This novel is a clear, fast read by a precise and practiced writer. Certainly a page turner, so do not count on many evenings of reading pleasure. Youll read it in a day or two.
0061914177|4.0|If I'm not mistaken today is the first year anniversary of this book. Congratulations to the author. I like the book for its straightforward discussion about how to use the internet as a tool in marketing you products. I like also the advice and motivational stories he shared. It's kinda blog in a book. I like the series or order of its topics. As it progresses, it became more exiting to read. The book is very informative of what tools or online application to use. If you're are an internet savvy but has a little knowledge of the existing tools to use in marketing or heard of it but you don't know where that is for this book is for you. I like the principles It tells between family and work. I rate it 4 stars. The remaining star should be for the technical stuffs. It would be better IF it is included (some screen shots of it) with some guided tutorials. But still a great work!
142311339X|5.0|When I first heard that Rick Riordan was setting another series in the same universe that he had created for Percy Jackson, I was both excited and a little wary. Excited because I had enjoyed that world and felt it had lots of potential for new adventures; wary because I feared the new series might not meet my expectations and that, if it didn't, it might somehow cast a pall over my affection for the Percy Jackson books. I need not have worried. The Lost Hero, the first book in that new series - the Heroes of Olympus - managed to meet all of my expectations and did so in a style that made me glad Riordan had gone ahead with the idea. While having read the Percy Jackson books is not a pre-requisite for enjoying The Lost Hero, I do think those who have done so will be able to immerse themselves in this world much more quickly and will enjoy the book more than those unfamiliar with Percy's story.<br /><br />The Lost Hero introduces three new main characters - Jason, who has no memory of his life before page one of the story, Piper, a girl with \\"kaleidoscope eyes\\" (all together now - Lucy in the sky-yi with diamonds...) who has the gift of persuading people to give her things and Leo, whose clever and creative hands need to be always busy. As the story begins, the three are part of a group from a school for troubled kids on a field trip to the horseshoe shaped Skywalk that curves out over the Grand Canyon. Since the very existence of this Skywalk in real life kind of freaks me out (seriously, have you seen the pictures of it?), I wasn't particularly surprised when freaky occurrences ensued almost as soon as our new heroes stepped onto it.<br /><br />Readers are pitched head-first into one of the first forays in a new battle the demi-gods will soon find themselves embroiled in. In short order we learn that the gods have gone silent and that Percy Jackson is missing. Jason, Piper and Leo are all having visions, dreams or reawakened memories, many of which revolve around Hera who, we discover, is being held prisoner. Along with a new Great Prophecy (Seven half-bloods shall answer the call/To storm or fire the world must fall/An oath to keep with a final breath/and foes bear arms to the Doors of Death), a new quest must be undertaken by the trio of newbies to find and free Hera.<br /><br />I appreciate that Riordan continues to give us both strong female and ethnically diverse characters and that he seems able to hit many of the right notes in depicting teenage language, actions and emotions. For me, he has a knack for making his characters seem real and believable and, in The Lost Hero, he once again succeeds in making me care about them. My sympathy for and interest in the trio builds as details of their lives are revealed in the early chapters of the book (each chapter is told from either Jason, Piper or Leo's third person POV) and by the time they head off on their quest, I'm fully invested in seeing them through their adventures.<br /><br />One of my favorite aspects of The Lost Hero is the inclusion of Roman mythology with the Greek that was the focus in the Percy Jackson series. I found the discussions of the subtle differences in the gods from one culture to the other really interesting and reading about them made me want to learn more about both.<br /><br />Lastly, for those dying to know, Percy Jackson definitely plays a role in this series. How significant that role will be remains to be seen. Next up in the series is The Son of Neptune, due in the fall of 2011.<br /><br />Highly recommended. Riordan has laid the groundwork here for another fun and exciting series and I'm already looking forward to the next book.discover, is being held prisoner. Along with a new Great Prophecy (Seven half-bloods shall answer the call/To storm or fire the world must fall/An oath to keep with a final breath/and foes bear arms to the Doors of Death), a new quest must be undertaken by the trio of newbies to find and free Hera.     I appreciate that Riordan continues to give us both strong female and ethnically diverse characters and that he seems able to hit many of the right notes in depicting teenage language, actions and emotions. For me, he has a knack for making his characters seem real and believable and, in The Lost Hero, he once again succeeds in making me care about them. My sympathy for and interest in the trio builds as details of their lives are revealed in the early chapters of the book (each chapter is told from either Jason, Piper or Leo's third person POV) and by the time they head off on their quest, I'm fully invested in seeing them through their adventures.     One of my favorite aspects of The Lost Hero is the inclusion of Roman mythology with the Greek that was the focus in the Percy Jackson series. I found the discussions of the subtle differences in the gods from one culture to the other really interesting and reading about them made me want to learn more about both.    Lastly, for those dying to know, Percy Jackson definitely plays a role in this series. How significant that role will be remains to be seen. Next up in the series is The Son of Neptune, due in the fall of 2011.    Highly recommended. Riordan has laid the groundwork here for another fun and exciting series and I'm already looking forward to the next book.
B003JTHESA|5.0|Bad news is there's some long songs and no immediate takers... good news is... good news is everything else. This is the album these guys've waiting to release since Bruce and Adrian got back. Maiden has never been a nostalgia act, so to call this a \\"great effort from dinosaurs\\" is out of focus. Listen in to the passion of \\"Coming Home\\", \\"Starblind\\" or any of the two closing tracks and you'll be simply left with no clue as to why so many bands continue their desperate road to past glories while Maiden breaks through on and upwards to greater things. This album requires listening... but oh what a mighty reward. Up the Irons.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I normally dont like action novels but a friend recommended this series to me so I agreed to read it. I was really surprised how much i liked it. I finished every book in only a couple days and now im recommending it to other friends. Mockingjay was an amazing finish to an amazing series:)
0553805371|3.0|Too technical for me.  I am  an atheist and love the science of the universe but do not understand all of the physics of quarks and nano etc.  I hope to learn and will reread.  At present it puts me to sleep after 3 pages.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|this book is one of my all time favorites,and it will stay that way for a while. the next book has percy hopefully, as he was metioned several times. the next book just might me my favorite book of all time. bye bye festus, see you soon
B003Y8YXH6|4.0|Using \\"Let It Be...Naked\\" as an inspiration, Yoko Ono and \\"Double Fantasy\\" co-producer Jack Douglas (Cheap Trick, Aerosmith among other acts) decided to try something a little bit different to celebrate John Lennon's 70th birthday. The duo went back and remixed the basic tracks for \\"Double Fantasy\\" minus all of the overdubs from John Lennon's last album released while he was alive.<br /><br />The resulting album will be of interest to hardcore Beatles and John Lennon fans. Without all the vocal and instrumental overdubs listening to \\"Double Fantasy Stripped\\" allows you to imagine (pardon the pun) what it must have been like to be in the studio while Lennon was recording his penultimate album. Some tracks benefit from this remixing more than others. \\"(Just Like)Starting Over\\" opens with Lennon invoking his idols Elvis and Buddy Holly before he launches into this patische of 50's tunes. \\"Watching the Wheels\\" likewise sounds refreshed stripped of the larger-than-life overdubs and production touches. Lennon's vocals on this track and \\"Beautiful Boy\\" are positively vunerable sounding. Likewise Although not necessarily better, \\"Clean Up Time\\" sounds interesting in its \\"alternate\\" mix with Lennon's vocals in the forefront of the mix. That's one of the benefits of this collection--you can hear and appreciate what a terrific singer John was. There are some minor vocal flubs of course that were covered up by overdubs but that, for me, makes it even more interesting. The conclusion of \\"Dear Yoko\\" has a different bit of dialogue at the end where Lennon originally ranted about Yoko not spending enough time with him and focusing too much on business.<br /><br />Yoko often who often faced prejudice and anger from those who didn't appreciate how important Ono was as Lennon's muse during the late 60's and early 70's also benefits from the stripped down approach for many of her songs as well. \\"Double Fantasy\\" represented some of Yoko's best pop songs missing most of the more avant garde elements that characterized her solo recordings and the trio of albums that Lennon and Ono made in the late 60's. \\"Kiss Kiss Kiss\\" and \\"Hard Times Are Over\\" both benefit from the stripped down approach. The latter tune allows Lennon's backing vocals and Yoko's lead to shine. \\"Every Man Has A Woman Who Loves Him\\" of all of Yoko's tracks benefits the most with its swirling, almost hypnotic sythesizers and vibes shining providing the solid bedrock of the song.<br /><br />Some folks will not enjoy all of the mixing choices for the songs and some of the lusher sounding tracks (\\"Woman\\")have a very different feel stripped of their overdubs and won't be for everyone. I'd recommend listening to samples first to see if this will appeal to you. Not everyone will enjoy Yoko's tracks--she's an acquired taste. These weren't necessarily Lennon's best songs but they hinted at tremendous promise that was never fulfilled as part of his first step to active recording and touring. This two CD set also includes George Marino's 2010 remaster of \\"Double Fantasy\\". It sounds decent although the original pressing and the Mobile Fidelity versions of this album sound better as they are less compressed and less harsh sounding by comparison.<br /><br />We also get a booklet with rare photos of John as well as album notes on the making of \\"Double Fantasy\\" and all the lyrics for the songs.<br /><br />For Beatles and Lennon fans I'd recommend this but I would listen to the samples first to see if it is going to appeal to you. \\"Double Fantasy Stripped\\" now sounds more like the companion to \\"Milk & Honey\\" which didn't have the same level of overdubs for Lennon's tracks. \\"Stripped\\" doesn't replace \\"Double Fantasy\\" but is a nice addition to Lennon's discography.t characterized her solo recordings and the trio of albums that Lennon and Ono made in the late 60's. \\"Kiss Kiss Kiss\\" and \\"Hard Times Are Over\\" both benefit from the stripped down approach. The latter tune allows Lennon's backing vocals and Yoko's lead to shine. \\"Every Man Has A Woman Who Loves Him\\" of all of Yoko's tracks benefits the most with its swirling, almost hypnotic sythesizers and vibes shining providing the solid bedrock of the song.    Some folks will not enjoy all of the mixing choices for the songs and some of the lusher sounding tracks (\\"Woman\\")have a very different feel stripped of their overdubs and won't be for everyone. I'd recommend listening to samples first to see if this will appeal to you. Not everyone will enjoy Yoko's tracks--she's an acquired taste. These weren't necessarily Lennon's best songs but they hinted at tremendous promise that was never fulfilled as part of his first step to active recording and touring. This two CD set also includes George Marino's 2010 remaster of \\"Double Fantasy\\". It sounds decent although the original pressing and the Mobile Fidelity versions of this album sound better as they are less compressed and less harsh sounding by comparison.    We also get a booklet with rare photos of John as well as album notes on the making of \\"Double Fantasy\\" and all the lyrics for the songs.     For Beatles and Lennon fans I'd recommend this but I would listen to the samples first to see if it is going to appeal to you. \\"Double Fantasy Stripped\\" now sounds more like the companion to \\"Milk & Honey\\" which didn't have the same level of overdubs for Lennon's tracks. \\"Stripped\\" doesn't replace \\"Double Fantasy\\" but is a nice addition to Lennon's discography.
B00003CXB4|5.0|This movie is the greatest movie, you can not go wrong with purchasing this movie at all. everyone will love it
B0000BWTK3|5.0|After hearing lots of good things about this album, I was eager to check it out.  And I'm glad I did.  As I already owned Andsnes' earlier performance of the Grieg concerto and loved it, I knew this could only be better.  And I was right.  Andsnes brings a well-thought refinement to these pieces that is breathtaking.  And with an orchestra as great as the Berlin Philharmonic, how could you possibly go wrong?  You can't.  While these concertos are certainly oft heard and recorded (talk about war-horses), we hear much new insight here.<br /><br />In the first concerto, Andsnes gives us elegance and wonderful beauty.  Every note comes forth gently from the keys - full of grace and charm but never exaggerated.  Mariss Jansons pulls magnificent detail from Berlin.  I find the cadenza to be especially mind opening here.  Andsnes contrasts power and beauty marvelously.  He gives us a powerful climax without sounding hash - a real strength of his.  Then in the second movement, we hear fabulous interplay between Andsnes and Berlin.  The music sounds soothing and relaxing, full of sentiment without becoming sentimental.  The finale is roof raising and dramatic while still pulling out the lyric beauty.  The lyric beauty is especially touching in the glorious middle section.<br /><br />In the opening of the Schumann, we hear exquisiteness from Andsnes that is literally breathtaking.  The Berlin Philharmonic excels in giving him an accompaniment that is gentle where necessary, powerful where needed.  The second movement is especially good.  Andsnes and Berlin converse in a great way, bringing out lyricism and even a bit of retrospection.  The finale is brilliant and roof raising here.  The music becomes alive and real.<br /><br />This recording certainly deserves every bit of the fame it has received in recent years.  It is by all means worth purchasing.
0865479186|5.0|Full disclosure: I am an ex-English major who hasn't taken a science class since high school. When I started reading this book (I got my copy when it was released in England), I was scared that I wouldn't be able to follow along. But I was SO WRONG- this book really gets beneath the pseudo-science (and flat out WRONG science claims) and explains everything in such a relaxed, simple, and intuitive way, I never had a problem. I learned so much from this, and I had considered myself pretty well informed BEFORE I read the book! This should be mandatory reading for ANYONE who is anti-vaccination, or pro-homeopathy. Brilliant stuff. (His blog is great too!)
0385342047|5.0|I have read all of Sophie Kinsella books and have especially enjoyed the shopoholic series. Becky is delightful as always, and now a monther to a 2 year old. Little Minnie already knows the words \\"visa, starbucks, taxi\\".   Too cute and all of your favorite characters are in the book. You will definitely enjoy it if you liked the other SHopaholic books
B003Y8YXH6|4.0|Stephen King, when asked if he was hurt by the bombs that always got made from his books, said something like \\"No, because no matter how bad the film is it can't harm the original.\\"  I think that is what we have here. People who feel that it is wrong to remix music by someone who is not around to approve or disapprove need to remember that no matter what happens it doesn't harm the original.  It's still there.  With that in mind, I think it is possible to approach a project like \\"Stripped Down.\\"  And keep in mind, it was remixed by Yoko and Jack Douglas, two of the original producers. It's not like Guiles Martin or something got a crack at it.<br /><br />Overall, it is a bit of a curiosity.  I thought the previous remix of Double Fantasy sounded fine, but there are some subtle differences to be heard in this \\"new\\" version.  I think the drums have a little \\"crisper\\" sound.  Of course, it just might be my imagination.  So if you already own Double Fantasy in it's last remix, you don't really need to get this one for that purpose.  The liner notes are nice, but nothing really new is brought out by them.  The one thing that I have a better understanding of, now, is the original \\"heart play\\" concept as explained in those notes.  The beginning of the album (with the exception of Starting Over) tends to be more focused on negative aspects of life/relationships, while after Sean is born (represented by Beautiful Boy) the songs become more positive, culminating in \\"Hard Times Are Over.\\"  There was more thought put into the running order than I had original given them credit for.  Whether or not it works well is another question.<br /><br />Some of the \\"Stripped Down\\" tracks highlight aspects of the songs that got buried in the mix, such as the guitar playing on \\"Starting Over\\" and the different sound of \\"Give Me Something\\" but some of the tracks turned me off a bit.  I didn't finish listening to the new version of \\"Everyman\\" (that's not just stripped down, that's sort of re-imagined and horrifying) and I didn't like the treatment of \\"Hard Times.\\"  Yoko's stuff, to me, sounds better on the stripped down version.  More modern.  I'm Losing You, Starting Over, Watching the Wheels, and Beautiful Boy are different (and in some ways better) than the originals.  I didn't like the treatment Woman got (perhaps because the original is so iconic) or \\"Cleanup time\\" which reveals some strange \\"take a trip around the world\\" kind of refrain.<br /><br />So, in conclusion, it doesn't harm the original to have this alternate version.  It's like if you have a favorite painting and then you look at a zoomed in version or something...it doesn't change what you think about the overall painting, it might just give you a different perspective.  Personally, I would like to see a version of Walls and Bridges given this treatment.  Menlove Avenue sort of did that, but the sound on that is a bit muddy.  Why not do it to all the albums?  What's the harm? If you are going to get me to buy my third version of Double Fantasy you had better put something on there to tempt me (and hope I am a moron who will buy the same music for a third time!)<br /><br />By the way, it looks like an interesting Double Fantasy book is coming out...[[ASIN:1439103003 Starting Over: The Making of John Lennon and Yoko Ono's Double Fantasy]]rifying) and I didn't like the treatment of \\"Hard Times.\\"  Yoko's stuff, to me, sounds better on the stripped down version.  More modern.  I'm Losing You, Starting Over, Watching the Wheels, and Beautiful Boy are different (and in some ways better) than the originals.  I didn't like the treatment Woman got (perhaps because the original is so iconic) or \\"Cleanup time\\" which reveals some strange \\"take a trip around the world\\" kind of refrain.     So, in conclusion, it doesn't harm the original to have this alternate version.  It's like if you have a favorite painting and then you look at a zoomed in version or something...it doesn't change what you think about the overall painting, it might just give you a different perspective.  Personally, I would like to see a version of Walls and Bridges given this treatment.  Menlove Avenue sort of did that, but the sound on that is a bit muddy.  Why not do it to all the albums?  What's the harm? If you are going to get me to buy my third version of Double Fantasy you had better put something on there to tempt me (and hope I am a moron who will buy the same music for a third time!)    By the way, it looks like an interesting Double Fantasy book is coming out...[[ASIN:1439103003 Starting Over: The Making of John Lennon and Yoko Ono's Double Fantasy]]
B00005B364|5.0|after listening for years to progressive rock lps/cds this is my favorite.while the great 23 minute \\"eruption\\" will remind some of a mix between keith emerson and rick wakeman,it is still an outstanding,original work of art.\\"le clochard\\" is so beautiful it has to be heard to be believed.and yes--who can forget \\"hocus pocus\\"?,but to me that is what makes this album so different and wonderful(and \\"janis\\" is right up there with some of the best flute work of mr.ian anderson).if you love prog-rock you just cannot be without this,trust me.!!
B000WYCF6Q|2.0|Let me preface this by saying I rode for over a year without a mirror and did OK, but having a mirror finally seemed like a good idea and I settled on this one because I wasn't sure where I would want to put it to see behind me the best, and this one offers flexible mounting options and an unobtrusive size. I figured I would experiment with locations and find something that worked.    A movable, flexible mirror seems like a really good idea, but it doesn't get the job done.    First, it's just too small. You can't get a clear view of what is behind you at a glance, just too small of an area to focus on for details. It's about 2 inches by 1.5 inches (yes I'm guessing here) and that is enough space to tell if there are headlights behind you but not much else without studying it. And forget about having it catch your eye with motion the way a rearview mirror in a car does, it's just too small. You have to remember to look at it, although based on my observations of other riders, anyone who has a frame mounted mirror of any size doesn't notice movement in it.    I tried lots of mounting locations, and the only place that works where you can see it quickly without moving your head too much is on the end of your handlebar. Mounting it low is just not an option, you can't glance down at a tiny mirror on the frame quickly enough and you take your eyes way too far off the road and the view is never a complete picture of what is behind you because some portion of you or the bike is in the way.    If you're planning to ride in traffic, you need to get used to the mirror's location and angle so you can check it in a split second, like in a car. This mirror doesn't attach very firmly, so you regularly have to adjust it. As often as not when I look down at it, it's showing me the ground behind my back tire or the clouds and I have to give it a quick tweak.    Now, I ride a commute that includes going down 5th avenue in Manhattan for 14 blocks. Maybe this would work for someplacewith less traffic, but even on the portions of my commute that aren't swarming with taxis, I really don't have a good feel for what is behind me without looking over my shoulder.    Bottom line, a bike-mounted mirror needs to be bigger, sturdier, and there is really only one good mounting point - the end of the handlbar.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|My wife bought this book at the airport as something good to read on our vacation. She couldn't put it down and siad it is one of the most moving beautiful books she has ever read. Granted she loves dogs but this book she said was different from other &#34;dog tales&#34;. It is funny, insightful and an engrossing read. Written from the dogs point of view, you start wondering what your dog is realy thinking, after you read this book.
0553805371|3.0|As with all of these kinds of books we get a history lesson of physicists and their discoveries to bring us up to speed.  This time it is not all inclussive which is nice, part of what makes this a rather slim book.  The conclusions to what the grand design is, ...well it doesn't seem very ground breaking.<br /><br />SPOILER!!!!  The conclusion is pretty much a balance of forces with matter and gravity which just makes the universe appear spontaneously.  This is revealed in just the last few pages.  Hmmm.... well I am reminded of the movie \\"Contact\\" and I think I have to believe that more on faith than science.  Why does it appear spontaneously?  If it is due to matter and gravity, why are they there in the first place??  I guess if he really had the answer or a new way to look at things, this of course would be an amazing read but alas I feel not so special compared to current similar physics books.  With that said, I love this author and may sound too critical just because I hold him in such high esteem.<br /><br />I think where the book does succeed and this seems to be a trend with his publications, (\\"A Briefer History of Time\\", \\"The Universe in a Nutshell\\") is makeing the subject matter as simple and easy to read for people who have an interest but don't want to read a scientific long winded analysis with math equations.  Here he even has a lot of pictures which can even take an entire page for chapter starts.  These pictures aren't really necessary but make it a more approachable a book.  Take out the photos and glossary and you are left with a very small book that is fairly succinct.  Great for a teenager!
0743298020|2.0|This book started out OK.  For the most part it kept my interest and was an easy read, even though it was long.  But quite honestly the ending ruined it for me.  It was so contrived and unbelievable that it felt like the author just picked it out of a hat.  And if you read the author interview at the end of the book she actually says something to the effect that she had no idea how the book was going to end while she was writing it- that the ending just evolved.  Well unfortunately, it so didn't make sense to me, that it ruined everything written before. It reminded me of soap opera writers who decide to change the plot midstream because they get a better idea for a story and who don't worry about whether or not it makes sense.  Without giving away too much of the plot, why should we believe that no one could tell the difference between the girls --especially when one is just a sibling, not a twin?  And why wouldn't Vida include who she really was earlier in the story?  In fact, Vida never tells Margaret who she is--until Margaret guesses it.  Vida was telling her story in a linear fashion (she made a big deal about this)--why would she leave out this \\"little detail\\" about who she was?  Obviously it would spoil the surprise ending, but it just felt like an insult to the intelligence of all of the readers who took the time to read the book.
1453751769|4.0|This book is about the great detective collection of new cases is one of the best. What stands about this anthology is that it traces Holmes career from the start, and led to the right in the end. All the stories are unique and interesting in their own way. Another advantage is that in describing the more modern writers Holmes back of the book written by a list of books.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I tried to reserve this dvd at my local library in the late spring and it still isnt available.  It must be fabulous!  I decided, for $8. I will go ahead and make the purchase.
0143118420|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read-entertaining, informative and for me, full of a lot of deja vu. Liz Gilbert is such a gifted writer. I ate, prayed and loved along with her every step of the way. Now I can't wait to see the movie!
B000002KCC|3.0|I first attempted to get into Tonight's the Night 10 years ago when I had the means to hear several Neil Young albums in a row, but I never could get into this particular album for whatever reason.  Back then I just assumed the vocal melodies are weaker than normal and left it at that.<br /><br />However 10 years later, I actually still share the exact same feelings.  This album is incredibly weak songwriting-wise.  Neil's singing voice and his ability to deliver a vocal melody feel completely off the mark for the majority of the album, and I even agree with that one reviewer who believes Neil sounds somewhat drunk.<br /><br />I'm not sure if he really was drunk or if Neil only sounds like it because he was feeling emotionally distraught over the drug tragedies involving his band members and friends.  Either way, the results just sound really mediocre because despite the songs being written from an incredibly personal perspective, they fail to really grab me.<br /><br />I have a theory that any album that deals with drugs in a depressing and personal way is immediately considered a masterpiece.  Beats me why this happens to be the case time and time again, but that's how it seems to be.  Black Sabbath, Lou Reed, and Alice In Chain are more examples of artists releasing drug-related \\"masterpiece\\" material.  I don't understand how combining drugs and personal feelings can create great music, but whatever.<br /><br />Let's focus on the songwriting though, since that's understandably the most important aspect of Neil Young's career.  Why do I feel his songwriting is so important? Because on every single Neil Young album released before this one, his songwriting was a noticeable and highly enjoyable aspect of his music, so it only makes complete sense to believe his songwriting would be at *least* somewhat interesting one more time.  It's surprising to me that it's not.<br /><br />The title song is really irritating to listen to.  The verse melody is perfectly fine- it's the way Neil lazily keeps repeating that \\"Tonight's the Night\\" line that gets annoying in a hurry, and why in the WORLD does the same song repeat again at the end of the album?  Am I supposed to be disappointed in the beginning AND the end?<br /><br />I realize the second one is supposed to be an alternate version, but the vocal melody and lyrics are exactly the same.  It wasn't executed nearly as creatively as the same trick Neil successfully attempted on Rust Never Sleeps.  Only give us two versions of the same song if you can radically change the second version.  Otherwise don't even bother.<br /><br />Neil Young was feeling emotional pain during the recording of this album, and that must explain why Neil's vocals on \\"Albuquerque\\" sound like they're darting all over the place in drunken chaotic fashion, and hey, if he really was drunk while recording this album, it would explain why the chorus is so overbearingly hard to find any kind of emotional response to it.<br /><br />\\"Tired Eyes\\" does reveal a musician who is physically and emotionally drained because of the loss of two very special people in Neil's life, and the verse melody (which is basically made up of whispering and talking) has some really shocking lyrics.  The chorus is decent too.<br /><br />\\"Speakin' Out\\" has a verse melody that feels either influenced or stolen from Bob Dylan's \\"Pledging My Time\\", but done with silly lyrics about movies and cartoons, and feels entirely superficial.<br /><br />\\"Lookout Joe\\" is a slight improvement over the rest with a catchy, simplistic vocal melody.<br /><br />The best song is, without a doubt, the excellent \\"Come on Baby Let's Go Downtown\\".  Magnificent vocal melody, and just an all-around fun tune.  A major highlight.<br /><br />Yes, it's cool to like depressing drug-themed rock albums these days, but honestly, Neil Young has several better albums out there.  Just about everything else he released from the 70's is better in fact (yes, even including Comes a Time and other half-country, half-sappy late 70's material).  I may have been pretty darn hard on On the Beach, but that album doesn't contain nearly as many disappointments that this album does.  Tonight's the Night is the first low point of Neil's career.on On the Beach, but that album doesn't contain nearly as many disappointments that this album does.  Tonight's the Night is the first low point of Neil's career.
0345505387|5.0|Loved it....*****************SPOILER****************** if you have not read it...don't aread any further....  There is a new character...now I have to know more..hope she does another book!!
B0000E64TR|5.0|The stereo sacd layer of this disc sounds amazing! It' s a huge improvement over the old redbook version. If you like this album and have a sacd player, this is a \\"must own\\" disc. Get it while you can as it' s an anniversary edition and probably already out of production.
B00005K3OT|5.0|I love this movie!  It's probably among my 20 all-time favorite movies (but who's counting).  It has so many memorable scenes and characters.  Judy Dench is perfect, as always.  The entire movie is richly understated and can be watched over and over.  Some might write it off as a somewhat off-beat romantic comedy, but it is much more than that.  It's a comedy in the classic, Shakespearean sense of the word, complete with a literal \\"denier of the feast\\" character (the mayor) pitted against younger, freer spirits (Juliane Binoche and Johnny Depp). Youth, as always in a comedy, wins out in the end as the mayor gives in to his repressed desires in spectacular fashion.  Don't miss this movie!
0316019984|5.0|It is a perfect pop up book !  When i saw the book in amazon , inmediatly y click on buy it , First , Matthew Reinhart is the god of the paper enginiering.   I like this book , because it have all the heroes , inovations in the pop up , and best pop up , ilustrations.  But i think , what is better? STAR WARS POP UP GUIDE TO THE GALAXY or DC SUPER HEROES THE ULTIMATE POP UP .
B003J27WFW|5.0|What an incredible opportunity to get a behind the scenes look at the most famous power trio from Canada.  This is a must-have for any Rush fan.  Even the diehards will learn new information about how the band started and their travel to the top over the decades.  This is one that you won't want to pass on!
B003BW0CB6|1.0|I have loved all of Michael Connelly's novels and look forward to new releases. I'm at a loss to explain, though, why the Kindle version of a book, which is cheaper to provide to customers, is more expensive than a hardcover copy which is printed and shipped to customers. It makes me want to give up my Kindle, forget about ordering from Amazon, and just check the book out of the library. I would love to hear from Amazon how they explain this upside down pricing structure. I've been a devoted Amazon customer but I'm rethinking that view.    Incidentally, my 1 star rating has nothing to do with the quality of the book but only with the pricing structure.
0307592839|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I thought I would have a problem with all the different points of view, but it worked for me.  Egan is a really talented writer.  There is a sort of tragic undercurrent throughout the book but her writing and the interesting characters lifted it up.  There are a couple characters that are pure classics like the nearly homeless guitar player who has a mystic side.  I still like the chronological one narrator format the best, but Egan really did well with this book.
0439023513|3.0|Not sure if my lack of interest and love for this book was the time between reading the 2nd and this last book, but I really struggled following the story.  All of the odd names and connections to the previous book were confusing to me and the story went in so many directions with a lot of unrealistic detail.  I found 1 and 2 to be great reads, but this last one fell short of my expectations.  I hope others made more of a connection.  I'd still be interested in reading more of her works, but I'm not a fan of the Mockingjay.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Stieg Larsen's \\"Millenium Trilogy\\" is one of best Trilogies since Tolkien.  Such a pity he passed on before seeing what a smashing success he created.<br /><br />\\"Dragon Tattoo\\" is great because it presents three intriguing stories in one: A compelling tale of corporate espionage; a cold-case mystery that is as startling as it is starkly brutal; and a savage, yet spellbounding, story of sexual violence and revenge.<br /><br />\\"Dragon Tattoo\\" has unforgettable characters, including expose reporter cum unlikely hero in Mikael Blomkvist, his incredibly sexy supervisor Erika Berger, and the mysterious Vanger clan -- the most dysfunctional family since the Manson family.  But all pale to perhaps one of the most fascinating characters I have ever met in print: Lisbeth Salander.  Part Sydney Bristow (Alias), part Rainman, part Corky (from the movie \\"Bound\\"), Salander is a most fascinating Anti-hero.<br /><br />The book is also a fascinating portrait of the nation of Sweden. I always thought it was merely a country of beautiful women.  But the reader will find a historical and political treatment of a country with USA-sized issues, particularly violence to women.<br /><br />Larsen's other books are great, but \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" is the best of the three.  It will be made into a mahor feature film in 2011.<br /><br />It's a 5-STAR Must Read!!!
0399536108|5.0|I've been following Chris Guillebeau for sometime on his blog now and for those who have followed Chris, this book is really a reinforcement of what he writes about on the blog. However, I appreciate the book format because for those who have been inspired or who want to understand what non-conformity is all about, the book sets everything up to be read from start to finish, rather than trying to fidget through popular posts. This book is not for everyone. It is for people who need the inspiration to start living unconventionally. If you are already living an unconventional life, this book is probably more of a refresher. If you are not living unconventionally however, and you are faced with a lot of fears, you should read this book. I do feel there is something for everyone, but to what degree this book may be useful to you is up for debate.<br /><br />I have heard some people complain about Chris' advice against going to college. I do not think that Chris is saying no one should go to college, but I think what he is saying is, if you want to write, write. You don't need a piece of paper to tell you to write. And in the age of self-publishing and blogs, I think it's great advice. However, if your dream (and not your parents dream) is to become a rocket scientist or a neurosurgeon, well, going to college is important. I think what people might be missing is that Chris is saying live YOUR dreams and not someone else's.<br /><br />I also have heard people say that they have kids and this book doesn't offer advice on how to live unconventionally with kids. I think that \\"The Art of Non-Conformity\\" offers up a lot of information that can be used if you have children as well, but you have to think about what pieces you can apply. I have a 3 year old daughter and I am on the path to living a non-conformist life. That doesn't mean you have to go against everything in the system, but you have to prioritize your real values and then do things in life that help you keep those values.<br /><br />Don't miss the point. Read the book if you are intrigued. I am betting you won't be disappointed, if you keep an open mind and realize this isn't a \\"how-to\\" but more of a \\"why-to\\".t miss the point. Read the book if you are intrigued. I am betting you won't be disappointed, if you keep an open mind and realize this isn't a \\"how-to\\" but more of a \\"why-to\\".
B000000IRB|5.0|, but get it while there are copies to be had.  This one arrived damaged, but the seller quickly credited me back for the purchase once it was returned to them.    I did find another one, so all was not lost.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I believe this is the only movie I've purchased in over 5 years.  It's that good.  Most importantly, it has the quality that makes me want to watch it again.  It's funny, happy, and fresh.  A great choice for a family movie, but adults will enjoy it, too.
B0044XV3QY|4.0|It's not exactly thrilling to learn that another of one's favorite directors has jumped on the CG bandwagon with their latest production. I mean, is it really necessary to spell out Star Wars I, II, III and George Lucas? Due to this, I haven't bothered to even consider seeing this until recently.<br /><br />Now, since I have waited so long, I've missed the chance to see it rendered in full 3D in the theatre. I am, at least, familiar with the 3D experience, though, so I can imagine pretty well what it was like.<br /><br />Sound production is rather excellent and immersive on the 7.1 setup (actually 7.0 since I stole the sub).<br /><br />The CG blending on the characters when in their avatar form was done remarkably well. The lush environments of the planet, Pandora, were also exceedingly detailed. The only issues I noticed were with some of the creature animations, the 'Nantang' in particular.<br /><br />The dialogue, as a whole, came off pretty well, though there were at least a couple points where I felt it was a bit lacking -- the whole, \\"at first it was just orders, but then everything changed, I fell in love, etc. etc..\\" is by now such trite dialogue, was it really necessary to have it in a movie which was made to push cinematic boundaries? It just felt slightly George Lucas of James Cameron and I wish he had handled that scene with a little more originality.<br /><br />I just couldn't bring myself to give it an A rating, as much as I wouldn't mind. Even with considering the huge budget and the amount of effort that went into its creation, it's more a landmark in computer graphics than in film, at least from my perspective. I couldn't stop comparing a lot of the visuals to Crysis. They are breathtakingly beautiful, but they are still clearly CG and, in my book, it's not the effects that make a movie good.<br /><br />--update--<br /><br />So, it's the next day and I still have a lot of mixed feeling. Avatar is definitely a good movie with unquestionable production values. The question on my mind is, rather, how to judge the film in terms of story vs. characters vs. production. I think it would be something like the following, listed in order of personal importance:<br /><br />Characters, B+<br />Story, B+<br />Production, A+<br /><br />The characterization might have deserved higher, if Sigourney Weaver's character hadn't felt sometimes a little forced when trying to play the part of the hard-ass lead scientist. This leaves me with production as clearly the strongest aspect of the film and 3rd in personal importance. Therefore, I feel that my 'B++' rating is about right.ge the film in terms of story vs. characters vs. production. I think it would be something like the following, listed in order of personal importance:     Characters, B+  Story, B+  Production, A+    The characterization might have deserved higher, if Sigourney Weaver's character hadn't felt sometimes a little forced when trying to play the part of the hard-ass lead scientist. This leaves me with production as clearly the strongest aspect of the film and 3rd in personal importance. Therefore, I feel that my 'B++' rating is about right.
B003YDUUH8|1.0|i did not get mine and i pre order this item over a month ago i sure have got it amazon should made sure os this i will wait because i want it but i sure get some money off
B0034G4OVS|3.0|Frozen has a terrific premise, no doubt about it.  Horror films have come to a point where we've really dug into most of our fears.  We've had deaths by dreaming, camping, spelunking, road tripping, drowning, skinny-dipping, baby-sitting, watching TV, the wind...the list goes on and on.  When the genre was first conceived, directors had a somewhat easier time dealing with fear because it was such a new medium.  Now that we're in the 21st century, it seems like almost everything's been done.  I can almost imagine writer/director Adam Green's thought process.  He sees a picture of an empty ski lift and like any good writer imagines, \\"what if it stopped and I were stuck up there?\\"  It's a deceptively simple premise that I'm sure avid skiers wonder, from time to time, when the ski lift inevitably stops briefly, leaving them dangling hundreds of feet in the air.      What now?    The problem with films of this ilk is that once you get to that premise...what do you do?  Open Water had a similar situation, stranding two people in the ocean.  It's a terrifying start...but what do you do after that?  In Frozen, three friends go on a skiing trip and immediately Green sets up some interpersonal conflicts.  Dan and Lynch are two best friends and go skiing all the time.  But Dan has started dating Parker and he spends less and less time with Lynch, much to Lynch's dismay.  When Dan brings Parker with him to what's normally a \\"boys retreat,\\" Lynch is obviously put out.  The first 40 minutes of the film sets up the characters, providing more background than I expected and grounding them in reality.  Then they get stuck and it's here where things start to falter.  At this point, I imagine Green sitting back at his computer, looking at the script and saying, \\"...what now?\\"      Frozen is Green's second film, after the enjoyable but not as awesome as he or some internet sites (*ahem* Ain't it Cool) have called it, Hatchet.  I enjoyed Hatchet better, even if Frozen is a more professionally-filmed and capable movie.  The problem with Frozen is that at the point where someone jumps (oh come on, you know someone has to) and breaks their legs, there's really no place to go.  Obviously no one wants a repeat of what happens to the poor soul who jumps...so we're stuck on the ski lift for the rest of the time until we get to the obligatory \\"well I guess it's time to end this.\\"  Instead of building tension and the scares, Frozen becomes surprisingly inert right when it should be getting good.  To pass the time, the characters partake in preposterous and inane conversation.  And all I wanted was a Crowley-esqe figure to come in, axe a'swinging and just off them.      Competently filmed but surprisingly inert, Frozen is pretty average. But I give Green credit for trying.
B003PIUC02|4.0|overall i really enjoyed the this show.  It had a lot of good action and a good story that kept me interested.  I do not usualy watch stars shows so the overall sexual content in the show caught me off guard and truefully really could have done with out 90%of it. i understand having like one scene every now and again but there was a guranteed 3 to 4 per episode. even with all of that it was still a very good show and i greatly enjoyed it.
B003L77TZI|5.0|A sweet follow-up to her hit mainstream debut \\"One of the Boys\\", Katy Perry's \\"Teenage Dream\\" offers a variety of delicious tracks. From the cotton candy fun of \\"Last Friday Night\\", \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\", and \\"Peacock\\", to the encouragement found in \\"Firework\\" and \\"Pearl\\", the album entices you to try another scoop, then another.  And once you hit the bittersweet \\"Circle the Drain\\" and \\"Who Am I Living For?\\", you'll realize that Katy Perry is a bit deeper than you originally thought. It's all capped off with the creme de la creme \\"Not Like the Movies\\", which finds Perry at her most vulnerable, and therefore, most sincere. This album, like its predecessor, is a tasty treat all around.
B000065PUE|5.0|My God, what an album, why didn't anyone tell me about the Pixies.  One of the best ever bands and Doolittle is an absolute classic.  Primarily alternative with one of the greatest bass players of any band but they wear their influences on their sleeves, a bit of Gretsch guitar here, a country twang there, but mostly crunching guitars, all driven along by the best bass licks since i dunno,?? the Cure?, Gouge Away is classic, Debaser brilliant.  Now I'll have to check out all their other stuff.  And to think if it wasn't 1/2 price in a bargain bin I would never have bought it.  Thank you the idiot who put this album in that there bargain bin.
B002PEP4HI|3.0|Mitch Albom is a talented writer, no doubt about it.  While I enjoyed much of the book, especially that which was dedicated to his rabbi, I found something missing in the entire work.  His writing became almost predictable in searching for ways to tug at the heart, rather than letting the story just unfold.  The bouncing back between the rabbi of his youth and the minister in his home town seemed artificial at times and heavily weighted on the side of his rabbi, which he'd known his whole life and it showed in covering both men.  Worth the read....but will not go down as great as his previous work.
B000025Y9I|5.0|I can't believe it took so long for me to buy Chris's music. I love his bluesy wonderful voice. I am hooked. He is up to date and does it so well. I have two now but am ordering more, can't get enough of this guy. The first song that got me was \\"Fool if you think it's over\\" which I have loved for years....what was I thinking, why did it take so long for me to connect with him?
0307474712|4.0|One Day desperately hopes you're either too young or too senile to remember When Harry Met Sally.  David Nicholls is both a screenwriter and a novelist (and in fact is both in the case of One Day), but I'd say judging from only this book he's a better screenwriter than a novelist.  One Day has an interesting premise that seems, at least partially, inspired by the aforementioned romantic comedy.  It stars Dexter and Emma, two individuals who share a night at the end of college in 1988 and then follows them on the same day, July 15th, for twenty years.  It's a case of opposites attracts, where Emma and Dex seem so diametrically opposed to each other and yet seem so drawn to each other.      As the years go by, we see their individual triumphs and follies as they struggle through life, lovers and jobs.  Emma wants to be a writer.  She's the quintessential college dreamer; a liberal who wants nothing but to change the world, write, travel and enjoy life.  Dex comes from a life of privilege, is kind of an ass and seems completely drawn to fame.  Emma goes from bad job to bad job, seeing her world view being crushed and losing her idealism.  Dex struggles with fame as he becomes a TV presenter and turns to alcohol to get him through.  We see them secretly pining for each other, being openly attracted to each other and angry with each other.  In this respect, One Day does a great job of tracking two individuals with shared histories and does so very naturally.  To each other, they are that one person you know will be there, even if you might be so angry at them that you wish you never knew them, once in awhile.      The problem, for me at least, was that I completely loathed Dexter in a way I don't think I was supposed to.  I found his character to be incredibly annoying.  While Nicholls does create some pathos for him as the story goes along, I still always felt at arms length and I really wanted Emma to just drop him like a sack of rocks and find someone who would trulyhelp her find her way through life.  Towards the end, the story takes a turn toward the maudlin and melodramatic.  Seconds before this point, I wondered how Nicholls would start tying his story up and when it came to this moment, instead of having the feelings he intended, I rolled my eyes and started skimming to the end.      So why the four star review? While I might not like half of the main characters, I found myself drawn to the work because of Nicholls' intent.  In some ways, One Day is not a love story.  Not really.  Instead, it's about loneliness and the crushing difference between being young and inspired and the compromises we have to live with.  Emma's story is one that is so poignantly soul-crushing at times that I kept reading.  Without getting into spoiler territory, the way her story plays out is like a cruel twist of fate.  Contrived, though it may be, it still is slightly effective.  I struggled with my thoughts on this book.  I think it will be a much better movie.  It reads more like a screenplay than a novel and I'd be curious to hear which one was created first, or if the book was a prep/outline for the screenplay.  I enjoyed it for the most part and I'm sure I'll enjoy the film.  But it just didn't work out for me as well as I thought it would.
0143038583|3.0|The Omnivore's Dilemma. It's certainly an interesting book, a well written book - but one I feel a little....ambivalent towards, an ambivalence that has grown and stretched and now threatens to schizophrenically dictate this review. I will try to hold it together but...well I have a dilemma! Im really really not sure how I feel about this book. Perhaps it's because some of the topics covered in this book are becoming increasingly nearer and dearer to my little heart, and it's as if I can see us on opposite sides of the line, and he's just staring me down, \\"pitying\\" the poor vegetarian who is in\\" denial of reality.\\" Or perhaps I'm upset that it's not the happy ending I had hoped for - that in spite of all he witnesses and even participates in - he's pretty much just as close minded and stuck in his ways as when he started the journey. Perhaps I'm torn between the fact that I did indeed learn tons of interesting facts from this book (like yeast can be harvested in your own backyard!) but that at the same time Pollan almost blatantly overlooks going into a deeper exploration of what would support what he might call a \\"sentimental\\" or \\"animal people\\" lifestyle.    Pollan's book follows, to a certain extent, four meals. The industrial agricultural meal of corn to Mcnugget,the two different kinds of organic - the industrial Whole Foods bought meal and the \\"local\\" Polyface farms meal, and the foraged and hunted meal he cobbles together from the general surrounding area of Berkeley California.     The first part of the book I really dug. It was interesting! He explains how corn has become such a huge huge crop in the United States and how it has found its way into so many of our foods - becoming the building blocks of the bulk of our processed food (yogurt, ketchup, candy, cheez whiz - the list goes on) to the point that its almost impossible to eat a packaged food that doesn't contain corn! And it doesn't end at just food, corn is a part of \\"disposable diapers, trash bags,cleansers, charcoal briquettes, matches, batteries, right down to the shine on the cover of the magazine.\\"  He even reveals the identity of the elusive and mysterious Xanthan Gum. He digs into the mystery of why corn has been grown and used so widely.    He then starts talking about how corn is used in the meat industry as feedstock for the animals. I was surprised to learn (I'm not sure why really because it does kinda make sense) that cows cannot digest corn. Ruminants, which are animals that have rumens (cows, llamas, deer, sheep, giraffe, camels, ect) are grass eaters by nature.  What happens when you feed ruminants grain? They get sick. Pollan says that \\"virtually all of them [feedlot cattle] to one degree or another, according to several animal scientists I talked to - are simply sick.\\" Bloat is a concern for ruminants eating grains and is described as \\" a layer of foamy slime [which] forms in the rumen and can trap gas. The rumen inflates like a balloon until it presses against the animal's lungs. Unless action is taken promptly to relieve the pressure (usually forcing a hose down the animals' esophagus), the animal suffocates.\\" Another common side effect of the animals diet is acidosis. The basic symptom of acidosis is \\"bovine heartburn that in some cases can kill the animal\\" or cause the animal to \\"pant and salivate excessively, paw and scratch their bellies, and eat dirt. The condition leads to diarrhea, ulcers, bloat, ruminates, liver disease and a general weakening of the immune system.\\" I've always heard that cows (and industrial livestock in general) were pumped full of antibiotics but I didn't fully know why until reading this part of the book. Pollan also inspects the other aspects of the cow's diets and finds...well cows. The cows on the farm he is exploring are fed \\"blood products and fat,\\" or in other words the steer that Pollan bought and is following through it's life is being fed \\"beef tallow recycled from the very slaughterhouse he's headed to in June.\\" Also in cattle feed are \\"feather meal and chicken litter (that is, bedding, feces, and discarded bits of feed) \\" as well as \\"chicken, fish and pig meal. Wait these herbivores are eating animals and animal waste and even their own species?!    I found this particular meal - from corn to McDonald's to be pretty fascinating. Pollan artfully lays out the history behind the present state of things (the over-production of corn and soy and the mass production of animals for slaughter) and makes links to our current bulging waistlines, all while setting up things for the next two chapters. He accuses (rightfully) American's of being out of touch with their food (a sentiment I assume he handled heavily in his other book In Defense of Food, which I haven't read but have read reviews on, so I know the general punch-line) and says that if we are what we eat, then Americans are unknowingly walking, talking bundles of corn and petroleum (petroleum being the fertilizer, the harvester, the processor, the transporter, and even some of the ingredients of our food).    Pollan is far from the first person to attempt to turn American's off to fast food - but I feel like he does a thorough job of creating a story with which to bind his message in. Not only do we learn about the weird list of ingredients that goes into a chicken nugget but we also learn about the struggle of the corn and soybean farmer who no longer have the option of playing by the \\"supply and demand\\" rule we all remember memorizing for our Econ101 classes. Up through this point, I'm pretty pleased with the book. I'm enjoying reading it and I'm looking forward to more.    Next Pollan goes into the organic meal - but as he is soon to find out, organic has different meaning to different farmer and consumers and so he is forced to break down the term a little bit and he explores the industrial organic farm and then a more small scale organic farm.     For the industrial organic farm he compiles his meal from thevast array of organic and natural treats at a Whole Foods supermarket. He describes the shopping as a \\"literary experience.\\" Marketers in the food business have a tough job - how do they get us to spend more money on items that may look and taste exactly alike? How can they assure us that the organic chicken breast we are buying is more nutritious, more ethical, or more tasty? Pollan wittily names this sort of writing - the work of the food marketer- as \\"Supermarket Pastoral,\\" and the questions he draws, while walking through the Whole Foods reading pamphlets and labels and comparing organic products that boast different but both alluring aspects (he cites two organic jugs of milk, one ultra pasteurized - touting its long shelf life - the other company said no to ultrapasteurizing and claims they have a fresher, less processed product because of it) exemplifies just how confusing and slippery shopping can be. The recent trend in the United States it to buy natural, organic, and local foods - but Pollan points out that those words are defined differently by different companies and its hard to know, as the consumer, just what you are buying.    So he goes back to the source - the farms - and tries to discover where his chicken (Rosie is her name according to the package) actually came from, and if her described living conditions matched his expectations. I wont ruin all the surprises for you in this book but suffice it to say that the label \\"free range\\" didn't quite mean what we would all expect. Something interesting I learned from this little section - the life of a chicken on the Petaluma Poultry farm is only 7 weeks long. Only 7 weeks to produce big juicy breasts of meat. Surprisingly short really!     In this section Pollan also talks about little farms who made it big - like Earthbound Farms who pretty much have a monopoly on organic baby greens - which perfectly segways into his next section - the little organic farms.    Pollan spends a little less than a week on Joel Salatin's Polyface Farm in Virginia to find out what this self professed \\"grass farmer\\" is all about. Salatin, and a small group of hired hands and family members, run a pretty fascinating and well orchestrated choreography of animals at Polyface based on Pollan's description. This is what people think of when they think of \\"free range\\" or \\"humanely raised\\" animals. Salatin's secret to success: letting the animals do what they do best while working within the cycles of the grass. The cows are moved around the pasture to systematically eat the grass, the chickens move three days behind the cows to pick the insects out of the cowpaties, the pigs turn the stacked cowpoop from the winter shed into rich compost. Salatin has all kinds of little inventions and time tested rules that make this dance run on schedule. It's obvious from the way Pollan writes about this farm that he is pretty impressed by it, but at the same time he paints Salatin in an occasional condescending light. I get the feeling in this chapter that Pollan is really looking for a finished meat product that is \\"good to think\\" - meaning he can still eat the meat without feeling bad about killing an animal for it.     The chickens at Polyface are killed and prepared and bought right on the farm - and Pollan describes his experience working at the \\"killing station\\" and the evisceration part of the job. For the average American, this is not a process we are at all familiar with. Part of what makes Polyface so special is that the slaughter is done out in the open. Salatin encourages his buyers to come witness the process and even participate if they choose. Pollan admits to a fair amount of disgust at the whole process and wonders if he will be able to cook and eat one of the birds he just helped turn from a living animal into a brined chicken carcass. He writes in several parts of the book for the need to have more connection with our food and the processes they go through. He says that if the raising and slaughtering of animals was as accessible and transparent as the process at Polyface people would either stop eating meat or would demand more humane practices. While I can get behind this statement (although for me it wouldn't matter if it was \\"more humane\\" or not - it goes beyond that for me, so I still wouldn't eat it) I was disappointed that Pollan didn't spend a bit more time talking about the pigs on Polyface. What kind of life do they lead? How does he feel about animals that are raised in a more humane situation like this but still go to the same slaughterhouses as industrially raised animals?    Pollan's meal from the Polyface farm is shared with some friends nearby (he considered taking it back to California but thought that might tarnish the local sustainability value of it) and both he and the guests proclaimed it to be more chickeny flavored than most chickens. Everyone except one of the son's \\"Mathew, who's fifteen and currently a vegetarian.\\" Here is where I flinch a little bit. Why currently? Is Pollan suggesting that Mathew is part of some fad - as if he is currently wearing the latest jeans - and his choice (a pretty important and mature choice to even consider at a young age) shouldn't be taken seriously? Turns out that's exactly what he is insinuating as he makes more clear in the last chapter of his book - the self made meal.    In Pollan's last meal he decides to shoot a pig, harvest mushrooms (sounds like hard work but could be fun too!) capture his own yeast, and collect salt. Before shooting a pig Pollan decides (after reading Animal Liberation while eating a steak) that he has to examine his feelings about taking an animal life and the only way he can do so is to become a \\"reluctant,\\" and \\"fervently hoped, temporary vegetarian.\\" It's in this section - The Vegetarian's Dilemma - that he start referring to vegetarians and vegans as \\"animal people.\\" He says that in the first month of eating vegetarian he is still feeling reluctant. \\"I find making a satisfying vegetarian dinner takes a lot more thought and work (chopping work in particular); eating meat is simply more convenient.\\" What really really irks me about this sentence is that it's just exactly what non-vegetarian's want to hear to pat themselves soothingly on the back and say - see, it's just not realistic. Eating meat is convenient and therefore ok to do. Also, why doesn't he describe any of his vegetarian meals? He goes at length to describe the Polface chicken: \\"The skin had turned the color of mahogany and the texture of parchment, almost like Pekind duck, and the meat itself was moist, dense, and almost shockingly flavorful. I could taste the brine of the apple wood...\\" Not one single description of a vegetarian meal. I am forced to believe (not only  because of this, but because of the obvious disdain he has for the experiment as well as the practicers of the lifestyle) that he didn't really take this \\"challenge\\" from Peter Singer seriously.     He talks a bit about animal suffering too - and says the idea is vexing to him because \\"in a certain sense it is impossible to know what goes on in the mind of a cow or pig or ape.\\" Sounds like a copout to me. Oh well its impossible to know what animals are feeling so can we really say they are suffering? Nope - lets eat steak. Yet in another place in the book he talks about how pigs are shown to be just as intelligent as some breeds of dogs and he questions why most dogs in America are given Christmas presents yet no thought is given to the pig served as Christmas dinner. He doesn't take it to the next step though - why don't we eat our dogs after they die? Because they are intelligent and sensitive creatures with emotions and bonding abilities? So are pigs but we don't give them that chance. While Pollan admits that animals do feel pain he says that it is not equal to human suffering and should not be viewed as such because their pain is not \\"amplified by distinctly human emotions such as regret, self-pity, shame, humiliation, and dread.\\"    This I just don't buy as an excuse to eat animals.  So I looked to see what others were saying about it animal feelings. I came across Arran Stibbe's article [...] of the Human Dignity and Humiliation Studies group. Stibbe write this:    Undoubtedly there are situations where animals feel emotions similar to humans feelings of humiliation, but it seems anthropomorphic to assume that other animals experience dignity and its loss in the same way that humans do. Perhaps, in many cases, the animal in question is feeling pain and distress rather than a loss of dignity.  However, looking at the other side, the human side, it is clear that strategic attempts to humiliate another party differ little whether that party is human or not. It is the same cultural script found throughout the human world: words and actions are used to systematically lower the social status of one party in order to feed the other party's desire for superiority. The mastery and control of animals, demonstrated through confining them, distorting their bodies, or making them perform unnatural feats, delivers at best a very fragile sense of self worth. The fragility occurs because the very act of having to humiliate another in order to gain a sense of self-worth simultaneously reveals deep insecurity.    And here is something I can agree with. Ok Pollan - so humans and animals don't experience the world in the same way - I will give you that. But does that mean we should take advantage of them? That we should inflict pain on them just because their experience of pain is different from ours? Stibbe's article also made me realize what I was trying to grasp as I read Pollan's \\"arguments\\" against Peter Singer's points and while I gritted my teeth through Pollan's admission that he \\"pities\\" vegetarians. Pollan is insecure. Really insecure obviously. He goes so far as to taunt vegans in the section The Vegan Utopian by saying \\"the farmer would point out tothe vegan that even she has a 'serious clash of interests' with other animals. The grain that the vegan eats is harvested with a combine that shreds field mice, while the farmer's tractor wheel crushes woodchucks in their burrows and his pesticides drop songbirds from the sky.\\" Really Pollan? Really? So it's all or nothing is it? Are you suggesting we adopt the \\"no shadow\\" diet now if we really want to be vegan? And why is the vegan a \\"she\\"? Is that to underline the opinion that you have that \\"animal people\\" are sentimental and out of touch with reality?  He goes on to say that \\"if our goal is to kill as few animals as possible people should probably try to eat the largest possible animal that can live on a the least cultivated land: grass-finished steaks for everyone.\\" Oh how convenient seeing as though you obviously love eating steak. I don't think you really thought this one out. You just let your stomach do the thinking.    Unsurprisingly he decides to go through with the pig hunt and finds in the end a mixed bag of pride, shame, elation, and disgust. But not so much disgust that when he smells the leg of pig roasting that he can't bring himself to say no.     The most disappointing part of this book. There is no conclusion. He doesn't give us much of anything. He lamely closes out the book with a description of his last meal and thanks the people that made it possible and ....that's it. For as many times throughout the book as he urges us to look at, really look at what we are eating, Pollan fails to see the meal in front of him for what it is, the rotting decomposing corpse of another living species. Or I suppose he does - but chooses to accept that and keep on chewing.    So what are we left to think? He admits that both the McDonald's meal in the beginning of the book and the hunted boar meal at the end of his book are unrealistic - and should perhaps only be indulged once a year. His disdain for the vegetarian diet certainly doesn't lead me to believe thathe would promote that option. So we are left with the Whole Foods option and the grass fed animals. Now maybe I'm wrong about this but I'm willing to bet that those two options are the foods that Pollan was probably already eating given the fact that he admits to shopping at Whole Foods and lives in Berkeley, which is known for its foody, local, natural, somewhat elitist cuisine. Unfortunately - American's interested in the subject, perhaps questioning their impact on the environment, their relationship to the animals they eat - will learn a good deal of information about this book. But at the end they will be able to reassure themselves that no one is asking them to give up anything really. No one is trying to \\"trick\\" them into thinking vegetarianism or even just eating a heck of a lot less meat can still lend itself to delicious and varied food (I eat a wider variety of food now, with animal products stripped out, than i ever did before). And worst of all, they will probably walk around parroting Pollan talking about how out of touch vegetarians are and may even go so far to say they too pity us.     As you can see, Im confused about this book. Pollan is a masterful storyteller. His writing style is enjoyable. He does quite a bit of research on both sides of the issue. But, for me, I can't get myself behind a book written by someone so insecure that they attack other who are doing someone that he obviously just doesn't have the selflessness or the courage to do. He's too concerned with being ostracized at a dinner party to really look at all the information he has gathered and follow it to it's logical conclusion.
B0000A7W14|5.0|This is a moving and horribly dispiriting story about a young man in LA trying to make it.  He is very bright, a normal kid with caring parents who were never married, but he lives in a ruined place, where guns, drugs, and macho BS rule.  His father is a committed man who wants to improve things, in spite of terrible frustration and fear.  He accepts to take his son into the home so that he can have a masculine presence in his life, with sets him apart from the boys who become his closest friends.<br /><br />There are so few ways to make it in the ghetto, sports being one of them beyond brains.  He has a dear friend, who is marked as a difficult case in spite of his athletic talent.  You watch how the two of them  struggle.  It is as poignant as anything I have ever seen, with absolutely first rate acting.  As the story unwinds, the viewer get a 360-degree view of the society in which they live, a terrible indictment of who else but us.<br /><br />This film moved me to tears.  Perhaps because I am of mixed race myself, I have always identified with American blacks.  In a way, this work of art completed a circle for me, in empathy and hope.<br /><br />Recommended with the greatest enthusiasm.  This is a great film.
0385738757|4.0|Mild spoiler warning<br /><br />Middle books in trilogies can often feel like filler and unfortunately The Scorch Trials has some of that.  I loved the story in The Maze Runner (despite its obvious flaws)and once I started reading the Scorch Trials I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />In many ways this book mirrors the first, a lot of really freaky confusing stuff happens.  The unfortunate thing is the explanation for all the confusion is the same as in the first book and readers have to wait for the next book for any payoff at all.<br /><br />Another issue with the book is that a lot of it seems haphazard and rushed.  It wasn't hard to follow the story, it is just that the story changed so quickly many times throughout the book.<br /><br />Having said that, the story itself is intriguing and I cannot wait to find out what happens to Thomas, Minho and the rest of the Gladers in book 3.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|You wil absolutely LOVE thid book, I pre-ordered it on my kindle, and I finished it the same day!
B001P3SA94|4.0|I watch all blues themed films with anticipation, since I love the music and the characters who played it.  This film was worth the time spent.  The character depictions were good and the music was inspiring.  So what if they were a little soft on some of the facts? Having one Chess brother instead of two did not detract at all from the story.  Loved it and have sent several as gifts to to my \\"blues-buddies.\\"
B002VECM4K|4.0|This is a great movie. The topic is cruel but real. If you have the opportunity to see the
0439023513|2.0|This book rides completely on the momentum of the first two, without creating any of its own.  All of the characters (except maybe Haymitch) become much less likable than they were.  Everyone seems to descend into some sort of haze of moral ambiguity.  And Katniss, the girl on fire, loses her most defining characteristic, her passion.  Her vote at the end is totally out of character for the girl we have come to know in the first two books.      This book lacks the action of 'The Hunger Games', with some of the most important parts only re-capped after the fact.  There was not really a single part of this book that gripped me and made me want to read that again.  For mediocre action and dialouge, 2 stars.
B000005HFH|5.0|i really enjoy listening to chet baker.  his music is very good whether he is singing or playing the trumpet.  this cd is excellent and also my favorite of chet baker.  every song is good and enjoyable to listen to.  i have this on my list to buy and if you like good jazz music then i suggest you buy this cd.  i think this is his best one.  even though i don't own it i have listened to this cd over and over previewing the songs.  the more i listen to chet baker the more i appreciate his talent for jazz.  i do own one chet baker cd and i will soon own this one.  give it a try you'll find out how much you really enjoy the sounds of chet baker.
0439023513|5.0|Most of the reviews before me have beautifully captured what made this book (and trilogy) so memorable. It is not often a book leads me to recommend that everyone I know give it a glance. Very well paced and thought-provoking.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This is your typical Clint Eastwood character--this time Walt Kowalski--but with a twist. He comes off as the rough, cantankerous, \\"do not bother me\\" and \\"do not bother with me\\" loner that he is so good at portraying. His neighborhood has changed. He seems heartless in his bigotry and downright mean in his sarcastic and cynical interactions with others, not only his neighbors, but the young local priest. Even any signs of affection, he might show, come off as crude and vulgar. Don't however, let that sway you.<br /><br />It's a great movie. I put it up there with his best.<br /><br />As usual, he helps the underdog, fights against injustice, does the heroic, and becomes the winner--but this time he does it in a different way. All the \\"crap\\" he spews is just a smokescreen for the love this character can really issue forth. He winds up doing it in a big way. He lives out the Two Great Commandments: \\"No greater love ...!\\" I do not want to spoil the ending in any way. That has to do with the car too!<br /><br />My suggestion: don't let the language and the slurs deter you. They are all part of what makes this real. A real alcoholic oozing with venom for a variety of life issues that feed the disease could not do better. Like I tell people about \\"Good Will Hunting\\"--the language may be very offensive, but it's a real part of the movie. Bear with it and you will not regret it.<br /><br />I have loved Clint Eastwood's acting. I now love his directing. This movie provides a special bonus: you get both!
B003JTHXOK|5.0|i recognized myself in many situations the main character ended up. i can personally relate to it and i hope more young women will recognize dangerous behavors their husbands exhibit and will find a way to get their lives back.
B00008EY7H|5.0|I have loved this from the moment I first watched it on Bravo about 8 years ago. They showed it around Thanksgiving so to me it has a Holiday feel to it. It is absolutely mesmorizing and the music is so beautiful.. Also, I used this as a way to get my then new-born daughter to sleep every night. It was a guarantee that within the first 15 minutes she would fall asleep. The music and graceful movements of the costumed performers took her right out and at the same time I was able to enjoy a wonderful show. I don't really care for the other Cirque shows, this one just captivated me.
B000000OF6|5.0|I listen to this all the time.  There isn't a song on here that I didn't recognize.  Freddie Mercury at his best.  Getting almost to the point that I can sing their words without Queen in the background.  I love this music and this compliation of Queen's music.  Much better than some of their other albums.
B002R0F3Q2|2.0|This cd was such a disappointment! It was with her As I Am album, that her music took a drastic change rythmically. The cd was bland and boring and it seemed as if she rushed on this album to put it out there for her fans. Hopefully her next album will be like the first two!
B002JCSWV6|5.0|A snapshot into the beginning of Nelson Mandela's presidency, newborn on the heels of an oppressive and unjust prison sentence of 27 years. Clint Eastwood's portrayal of South Africa's civil unrest and racial division became the backdrop for presenting a portrait of the incredible heart of Mandela that was capable of leading the country in the course of forgiveness and unification. Mandel learned first-hand through his own meditative process that he could let goodness could conquer his own heart. Once done personally, he could lead a movement with great dignity that could prove to be invincible by others.<br /><br />Shows there is no substitute for leadership. There is no true leadership without integrity. Leadership means doing first, the difficulty of what you want others to follow you in doing.<br /><br />Great selection of Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon. Great acting by both.<br /><br />I have loved Clint Eastwood's acting. I now love his directing.
0452286751|1.0|A couple of years ago when I read Rand's \\"Fountainhead\\" (it was the work that inspired my then hero Hunter S. Thompson as a young man so I wanted to check it out), I saw that like many of the works of Jack London (who I was also quite enthralled with at the time), there was a spirit of individual greatness woven within it and a perception of small, conformed souls to squash this greatness that really rang true with me.<br /><br />But something always stuck with me, something God wouldn't let me forget---that these great figures of pure, individual freedom that Rand and London wrote about were NOT real! I could find no evidence of such men ever existing, even scholar of a wide range of history that I was. They were purely figments of the imaginations of their authors. Sure, I had personally known a couple who thought they were such kind of men, but then had always caught a glimpse behind their Wizard of Oz-like facades. I saw that they hurt and were ruled by the same realm of emotions and doubt that all the rest of us were. Even Hunter Thompson was a poster boy for this very thing. He convinced the world that he was the invincible, do-it-yourselfer, take-no-guff-from-these-swine, bully and pure individualist. He even appeared to be on the side against corruption and hypocrisy. But in the end, afflicted with disillusionment, doubt and despair, he put a bullet through his head and went to his master in hell. He IS the statue of the god-man that the reclusive, genius sculptor put in the temple Howard Roark erected in the Fountainhead. But it is a statue with a hole through the top of its head where the brains used to be, a fitting testament to the greatness of man...on his own, as master of the planet, king of the species, lord over all, god of himself. A fool among fools.<br /><br />Look around you. Even as we are being told daily that we are the latest and greatest to walk the earth, that our technology is proof of our greatness--- what is the sum of all this \\"genius\\"? We are living in a world more divided and oppressed than ever before. A world where common sense is virtually non-existant and even the most elemental of problems are baffling to the \\"learned\\" men and women chosen to address them. If the past ten years on planet earth has shown me one thing, it is that we are a species (not just an economy) in recession. It appears that the evolutionists were right about one thing--- we are a species that is changing--- but they got the direction wrong. Devolution is what it is.<br /><br />One really has to question the motives and intent of those that would push a book like \\"The Fountainhead\\" on the mediocre minds of the modern generation (such as what is happening in our \\"educational\\" institutions). What awful monstrosity of \\"civilization\\" will we breed when the blissfully (often willfully) ignorant, programmed and conformed become convinced that they too are little gods and goddesses in the vein of Howard Roark? When they believe (like they believe in their superheroes in the movies) that the outlandish fictions created by a fevered ego (to borrow a HST-ism) can be transferred into real life? What a dung heap we will be in then! O wait, you don't say? Why yessir, you are right, we ARE already there!<br /><br />To answer the title question: Because they are not of Christ but of the Great Deceiver. They are not true Christians but rather the wolves in sheep's clothing Christ foretold would come to mislead the flock. Beware your leaders, my well-intentioned-but-guillible friends! I guarrantee you that Glen Beck and Ron Paul both hold Ayn Rand in high esteem. Then again, so do ALL the freemason hierarchy which rule this world. It is a poorly-kept secret that this book, along with \\"Atlas Shrugged\\", are essential pieces in any of their libraries.g in a world more divided and oppressed than ever before. A world where common sense is virtually non-existant and even the most elemental of problems are baffling to the \\"learned\\" men and women chosen to address them. If the past ten years on planet earth has shown me one thing, it is that we are a species (not just an economy) in recession. It appears that the evolutionists were right about one thing--- we are a species that is changing--- but they got the direction wrong. Devolution is what it is.    One really has to question the motives and intent of those that would push a book like \\"The Fountainhead\\" on the mediocre minds of the modern generation (such as what is happening in our \\"educational\\" institutions). What awful monstrosity of \\"civilization\\" will we breed when the blissfully (often willfully) ignorant, programmed and conformed become convinced that they too are little gods and goddesses in the vein of Howard Roark? When they believe (like they believe in their superheroes in the movies) that the outlandish fictions created by a fevered ego (to borrow a HST-ism) can be transferred into real life? What a dung heap we will be in then! O wait, you don't say? Why yessir, you are right, we ARE already there!    To answer the title question: Because they are not of Christ but of the Great Deceiver. They are not true Christians but rather the wolves in sheep's clothing Christ foretold would come to mislead the flock. Beware your leaders, my well-intentioned-but-guillible friends! I guarrantee you that Glen Beck and Ron Paul both hold Ayn Rand in high esteem. Then again, so do ALL the freemason hierarchy which rule this world. It is a poorly-kept secret that this book, along with \\"Atlas Shrugged\\", are essential pieces in any of their libraries.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|For those of us who like board games that are involved, can take a while, and involve a lot of strategy, this one is a lot of fun. I would recommend this game if you like Risk, for example. This game is great for some friendly competition among friends- I play with a bunch of 20-somethings. Budget enough time for a game. You get to be friendly and trade your \\"goods\\" in order to obtain the resources you want; at the same time people often have to pick who to screw over so they don't get resources. We haven't played with any extension packs yet.
6305428042|5.0|Every year since this movie first came out, my family has always gathered together around halloween just to watch this movie. Hocus Pocus is a classic and a must see by anyone who loves halloween! Many years later, even though i'm now 21, we still continue to watch it every year and will for many years to come...
B000ZLFALS|5.0|Just as expected.  Arrived in perfect shape and played same.  I think it's a better movie than the critics gave it credit for.
0525951652|1.0|Will not be reading at this price. I sure hope this gouging comes back to bite them.
B003W5C0VM|5.0|BEST BUY has this on sale for $7.99 and $9.99 for bu-ray!!! I had pre-ordered this DVD which I had anxiously awaited for ever since I heard it was being released. I was home all day yesterday and waiting for my DVD. I had 7 friends over for a party to watch it. Finally at around 6 p.m. I went to \\"Where's my Stuff\\" and it showed it had left an area near my house for delivery at around 6 a.m. Then I signed up for a Mobile Alert. At 7:45 p.m. (with friends in tow watching baseball until DVD arrived) I decided to go to BEST BUY and get one just in case. On my way there I received a Mobil;e Alert saying it was delivered on 2010-10-12 01:50 PM: The carrier delivered your shipment (what a Joke!!). I bought 3 of them at BEST BUY. The regular version was on sale for $7.99 (which I bought one for a friend who doesn't have blu-ray) and the blu-ray was on sale for $9.99 When I came home I looked on my computer and it said it was left on my doorstep at 6:12 p.m. (Now remember I didn't even leave my house until 7:45 p.m. and it wasn't on my doorstep (which is secure and my seat was right next to the door). I alerted Amazon immediately last night and it's 12:01 p.m. Wednesday the 11th and I still haven't heard a word from them. I promptly cancelled my pre-order of the Crossroads Festival in November). By the way, the movie is fantastic and I knew it would be from the previews but AMAZON TOTALLY SCREWED ME BIGTIME and I had to jump through hoops to save the night!!
B0013D8LCW|3.0|I wanted to watch this movie, it says it has closed caption so I wanted to watch it since I'm deaf and apparently it doesnt have closed caption (subtitles). I was disappointed but I went ahead and watched it, and the directing was awesome. I was disappointed I couldn't watch it in subtitles cuz I would really enjoy it if it was.
B003TXSF5C|4.0|The Grand Design by Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow<br /><br />&#34;The Grand Design&#34; is one of the most ambitious books ever written by one of the world's great thinkers. It attempts to answer the ultimate questions of life through science. The ultimate question of course and the title of this book, is the apparent grand design offer proof for a supernatural designer. This fascinating 208-page book, is composed of the following eight chapters: 1. The Mystery of Being, 2. The Rule of Law, 3. What Is Reality, 4. Alternative Histories, 5. The Theory of Everything, 6. Choosing Our Universe, 7. The Apparent Miracle, and 8. The Grand Design.<br /><br />Positives:<br />1. An ambitious book that is well-written, well-researched and concise.<br />2. Surprisingly accessible book that is profound without being unintelligible.<br />3. Evenhanded, respectful tone throughout.<br />4. In essence, a modern update to life's biggest questions.<br />5. No complex mathematical equations to worry about, elegant prose was used to convey concepts.<br />6. Great use of illustrations.<br />7. This book is in essence about the M-theory Network. What phenomena it describes and what are the limitations.<br />8. Thought-provoking book indeed and fascinating quotes, &#34;Ignorance of nature's ways led people in ancient times to invent gods to lord it over every aspect of human life&#34;.<br />9. An interesting look at the history of scientific inquiry.<br />10. Fascinating tidbits throughout.<br />11. The debunking of free will.<br />12. The explanation of what constitutes an effective theory in physics.<br />13. Model-dependent realism defined. Very interesting.<br />14. The explanation of what quantum physics really is.<br />15. Special and general relativity in context.<br />16. The search for quantum versions of the laws of physics.<br />17. The never-ending quest for the theory of everything.<br />18. The history of the &#34;big bang&#34;.<br />19. A clear explanation of what we do know versus what we don't know.<br />20. The realization that time behaves like space...<br />21. The anthropic principles defined.<br />22. The triple alpha process...who knew?<br />23. The multiverse concept defined and how it can explain the fine-tuning of physical laws.<br />24. Spontaneous creation.<br />25. A much needed glossary of terms.<br /><br />Negatives:<br />1. Will disappoint the more scientifically minded as this book was written for the masses.<br />2. This is an accessible book by design but the nature of physics is so complex that it will still leave some readers dumbfounded.<br />3. The book's hype may have lead some readers with the wrong impression and thus not satisfied with the end result.<br />4. I think some readers expected new groundbreaking ideas (and please correct me if I'm wrong) but in reality it's a book that provides the latest in scientific knowledge and future aspirations.<br />5. Philosophy is still alive and well.<br />6. He has yet to find the Holy Grail of Physics. In other words, the book feels incomplete because it is.<br /><br />In summary, this is a very solid concise book but it doesn't ultimately answer all the questions and will leave those readers with higher albeit unreasonable expectations with a degree of dissatisfaction. It's a book meant for the masses and in that respect accomplishes what it sought out to do. However, for those with higher physics acumen this book as evidenced by the reviews from readers who hold Hawking in high regard, it will be disappointing. If you are a layperson this book is a worthwhile read, on the other hand wait for a more advanced edition or book.<br /><br />Recommendations: &#34;Physics of the Future: How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100&#34; by Michio Kaku, &#34;The Age of Everything: How Science Explores the Past&#34; by Mathew Hedman, &#34;A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather than Nothing&#34; by Lawrence Krauss, &#34;AboutTime: Cosmology and Culture at the Twilight of the Big Bang&#34; by Adam Frank, &#34;Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier&#34; by Neil deGrasse Tyson, and &#34;The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory&#34; by Brian Greene.Time: Cosmology and Culture at the Twilight of the Big Bang&#34; by Adam Frank, &#34;Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier&#34; by Neil deGrasse Tyson, and &#34;The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory&#34; by Brian Greene.
B003W5C0VM|5.0|The DVD is listed at 90 minutes, the Blu-ray is listed at 70 minutes, and the version in the UK on the Amazon website is listed at 110 minutes...Does anyone know why the difference?
B00400NHRO|5.0|this review is being done on my kindle. i have been waiting for this to be a kindle version and now im very excited.<br />any premed student should be required to read this book before going to med school.
1416575464|5.0|I never write reviews for anything though i online shop all the time and depend on reviews to make purchases but this time i had to! this book rocks - i am in the middle of renovations on a house we moved into a year ago so i've been itching to decorate and this book has EVERYTHING you can think of! lots of pictures, which I live for, great tips on getting a look, floorplans, and not too much copy which is perfect for someone who is very visual. get this book for any room you are fixing up....i'm about to order one for my sister right now!
0316069485|3.0|I have loved every single one of Connelly's and could not put this one down once I began reading. But I've finished it now and am SO, SO disappointed in how it ended; not nearly as complex as all previous books, a cop-out, as though he just got tired of writing and so stopped. I felt as though I  had wasted my time.  Was expecting so much more as I got near the end and there was nothing but a weak set-up for a sequel.
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|\\"The Social Network\\" is brilliant! This is how the story goes: On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming, what begins in his dorm room soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later, Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history, but for this entrepreneur, success leads to both personal and legal complications.    The cast led by Jesse Eisenberg (impressive as Mark Zuckerberg), Andrew Garfield (excellent as Eduardo Saverin) & Justin Timberlake (terrific as Sean Parker) is brilliant! The directing by David Fincher (who also directed \\"Alien 3\\" (1992), \\"Seven\\" (1995), \\"The Game\\" (1997), \\"Fight Club\\" (1999), \\"Panic Room\\" (2002), \\"Zodiac\\" (2007), \\"The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button\\" (2008, for which he received his first Oscar nomination for Best Director) & the upcoming remake of \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo\\" (2011) is brilliant! The Oscar-winning screenplay (based on the book \\"The Accidental Billionaires\\" by Ben Mezrich) by Aaron Sorkin (who also executive produced) (who also did the screenplay to \\"A Few Good Men\\" (1992, which was based on his play), \\"Malice\\" (1993, story & screenplay), \\"The American President\\" (1995, story & screenplay), \\"Charlie Wilson's War\\" (2007, screenplay) & the upcoming \\"Moneyball\\" (2011, screenplay), he was also the creator and an executive producer on \\"The West Wing\\" (1999-2006) is brilliant!    The Oscar-winning music by Trent Reznor (who is well-known for headlining the rock group Nine Inch Nails) & Atticus Ross (who also did the music to \\"The Book Of Eli\\" (2010) is brilliant! The cinematography by Jeff Cronenweth (who also did the cinematography to \\"Fight Club\\", \\"One Hour Photo\\" (2002) & \\"K-19: The Widowmaker\\" (2002) is brilliant! The Oscar-winning film editing by Kirk Baxter & Angus Wall (both of themdid the film editing to \\"The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button\\", for which they received a Oscar nomination for their work for Best Film Editing) (he also did the film editing to \\"Panic Room\\" & \\"Zodiac\\") is brilliant! The casting by Laray Mayfield (who also did the casting to \\"Fight Club\\", \\"Panic Room\\", \\"The Jacket\\" (2005), \\"Zodiac\\", \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" (2008), \\"The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button\\" & the upcoming \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo\\" & \\"Footloose\\" (2011) is brilliant! The production design by Donald Graham Burt (who also did the production design to \\"Donnie Brasco\\" (1997), \\"Zodiac\\", \\"The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button\\" (2008, for which he won the Oscar for Best Art Direction, for which he shared with Victor J. Zolfo, who, ironically, also did the set decoration to this film, as well) & the upcoming \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo\\") is brilliant! The art direction by Curt Beech (who also did the art direction to \\"Star Trek\\" (2009), \\"Couples Retreat\\" (2009) & \\"Greenberg\\" (2010), Keith P. Cunningham (who also did the art direction to \\"Traffic\\" (2000), \\"Ocean's Eleven\\" (2001), \\"Signs\\" (2002), \\"Solaris\\" (2002), \\"Van Helsing\\" (2004), \\"Hostage\\" (2005), \\"Rent\\" (2005), \\"Zodiac\\", \\"Star Trek\\", \\"Angels & Demons\\" (2009) & the upcoming \\"Bridesmaids\\" (2011) & Robyn Paiba is brilliant! The set decoration by Victor J. Zolfo (who, beside, working on \\"The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button\\", he also did work on \\"Godzilla\\" (1998), \\"The Patriot\\" (2000), \\"The Time Machine\\" (2002), \\"Daredevil\\" (2003), \\"The Day After Tomorrow\\" (2004), \\"Mr. & Mrs. Smith\\" (2005), \\"Zodiac\\", \\"Yes Man\\" (2008), \\"Terminator Salvation\\" (2009) & the upcoming \\"Real Steel\\" (2011) & \\"The Avengers\\" (2012) is brilliant! The costume design by Jacqueline West (who also did the costume design to \\"The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\" (2003), \\"The New World\\" (2005), \\"The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button\\", \\"State Of Play\\" (2009), the upcoming \\"The Tree Of Life\\" (2010) & \\"Water For Elephants\\" (2011) is brilliant!This is a brilliant, smart and interesting drama that keeps you interested and on the edge of your seat, as well. This is a well-made film that is better than most of the films out there, recently. David Fincher & Aaron Sorkin are at the top of their games on this one. This is one of their best films, if not, the best film, of their careers, thus far. This is also one of the best films of the year and it is a film that will be remembered when Oscar time comes around.
0714843377|3.0|Not as inspiring as I thought it would be.  Not sure what all the hype was about.
0316069485|4.0|Just finished the reversal and I would have to say that a good book but not as good as nine dragons.  I like just harry boush novels better than these ones that have harry and mikey in them.
B000YPUF9W|5.0|The movie was great different from the other but a continue form all the movie I am a fan of the other and having the third one was good it came with back ground information that was priceless
B0002X314C|3.0|I love the Cd, but the case was cracked and the CD Skips! Pissed me off!
B0030B811Q|3.0|Ok, at first this seemed like a very strange, very badly acted movie.  You quickly realize that is actually part of what makes it fun.  I've actually seen it several times since then and its now almost comedic, but not in the sense that you would actually laugh outloud at jokes.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|Although not historically accurate, the series is historically authentic! The 2nd half of the 1st century BC is living and breathing before our very eyes. This era is important to the development of Western civilization.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|Great CD. Knew it would be.  Received it in \\"record\\" time.  Great service.
B003T70B46|1.0|Honestly I think this is the worst album cover of all time...  Some dude with a wedgie, tights, and up close?!?!  Now Im not homophobic so dont get on that band wagon but I've seen this cover on multiple music sites pop out in front of my web page for a few months, and to be blind sided with some dudes ass in my face at 7am is just wrong.  Come on man!  Ass far ass the music goes I personally think its no ASSperation to music creativity!
B0013TXA5Y|5.0|I have read all three books in the Mortal Instruments and The Clockwork Angel (the prequel to the Mortal Instruments). Lets just say that Cassandra Clare is a fantastic writer and is full of creativity. I was shocked to read some of the reviews that said otherwise. I would recommend her books to young adults and the older folk as well:) I am 26 and I am completely in love with the shadowhunter world, not to mention Jace himself. I often wonder if the people giving bad reviews to wonderful books have an ulterior motive.
B003ZJJFKE|1.0|After listening to the samples of all the tracks from this album made available via Amazon - I decided not to buy because nothing piqued my interest.     Which is a shame, because I always used to buy any new Joe Satriani album without a second thought.     I didn't 'get' Joe's previous album 'Professor Satchafunkilus and the Musterion of Rock' - and it looks like I wouldn't 'get' this album either.     Sorry Joe - but you've lost me.     I'm not sure in which musical direction you're aiming for now - but I'm sure that you and I have to part company.     But you're still a great guitar player - and I wish you the best of luck!
B0024RIMBG|5.0|All I could say is that it's FANTASTIC ! Hayley and Lisa, great artiste ! Can't wait for more of their DVD releases. Will be waiting for it.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This film is great on so many levels. From the acting to action, the look and the sound, a flawless execution in cinematography. This film was able to make comic book movies a viable threat in the mainstream. My favorite movie over the last decade by far and a must-see for anyone who enjoys action.
0790729628|3.0|I saw the Director's Cut and the Final Cut, I see almost little difference then again while the Cinematography is very beautiful and the special effects,it's Corporatist story(Perhaps Anti-Corporatist?-read between the lines) and how your suppose to feel sorry for such man-made creatures as if they were Human too,It's not to say it's not quite an experience watching the film even more than once as to try to understand more,I am just not a Major fan of it.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|The music and choreography are amazing. The characters are interesting and well-developed but the relationships can be a bit of a downer. The social commentary is very well done. This is not a happy movie, but I love it.
030726999X|5.0|For me, this is better than the second one, not as thrilling as the first.  Larsson is a real loss.
B003EYVXUK|1.0|I really can not come up with a proper way to outline this review, so I'm going to take my \\"dartboard approach\\" and just let the comments fly.    The acting was stiff. Everyone was SO slow it was difficult to tolerate. Saying your lines slow and in a low voice the whole movie doesn't build tension, doesn't add ambience, it doesn't do anything. Everyone's character seemed forced and it makes me sad to say that.    Okay, for anyone saying this was the American Director's take on the book, you're right. However, NEARLY EVERYTHING seemed like a shot for shot copy of the swedish film. Fair enough, they left out a few bits, but not much. If you say it isn't very similar-you either have not seen both movies or you're in denial.     WHAT HAPPENED TO OWEN? Part of the relationship between the two leads involve his slight \\"violent urges\\" and assorted hobbies which there was almost none of in this film. Wow...I saw him stab a tree. There was only really one other part where I felt they had \\"Owen's\\" character slightly accurate.    Did you know that in vampire movies people can still have energy? There was NONE in this film. Seriously, the pacing was terrible.     I know some of you may cry foul because I was hoping for a lot here. Yes, I own the swedish film and the book. The book is fantastic. The swedish film is okay. I would not call it god's gift to vampire movies- but it still beats this movie because the actors had energy. They didn't think being a vampire meant keeping your eyes on the ground the whole time.   And, I am not looking for a \\"direct representation\\" of the book either! I understand with film, directors like to take certain liberties etc... but (setting aside my personal feelings towards other media of the same story), this movie was JUST SO SLOW! And while I am saying I prefer the swedish film-I will provide this too- in the swedish film, i felt i was watching a friendship develop. It grew from nothing. In this version-it was cold and empty. Meaningless to all parties involved.     Overall, I know some will disagree, but really-with poor pacing, poor acting, and nothing really that new to watch, you may as well rent the original film, which certainly gets dry in parts but overall has more energy than this. Ignoring what they did with the story, you can't ignore the acting and pacing. And most of that responsibility lies on the director.    *I really really wanted to like this. I waited a whole year to see it, but after the movie was done, I shook my head and just left. I was not skeptic going in, but after that-I forever will be critical of any film or book I enjoyed being translated or put to different media. Again, forgetting the terrible atrocities to the story, it is just bad acting lacking chemistry, the pacing is terrible, the scenes felt choppy...it's a bad film.    Suggested INSTEAD: Let The Right One In (Swedish with English Theatrical subtitles) OR watching paint dry, grass grow, milk curdle, flys get zapped by the bug zapper ya bought at menards last year, perhaps an old Bing Crosby movie, a book, a bike ride, finally cleaning out that garage, or maybe even just staring at a stucco (or tile) wall thinking about last thanksgiving...you KNOW why. -Cheers
B0006HBZXS|5.0|Great movie that everyone needs to see.  Also this company sent the movie fast without any problems thur Amazon.
B00168OIOE|5.0|I LOVE THIS SELLER PRODUCT IS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION BRAND NEW JUST LIKE IT WAS DISCRIBE.
B000FC0OOU|5.0|One of my favorite books of all time.  Granted, there are some dry parts in the book but other parts well make up for it.
055357342X|1.0|George, I'm sorry, but you're cut off.    I read this book 9 years ago, and I still don't have a completed sequel. I recall liking it immensely, but my memory of it is fading into the mists of time and turning sour. Now that I'm no longer young and full of a young man's angst, now that I'm successful and comfortable in life and not predisposed to dark-natured tales filled with gray or thoroughly black-hearted characters whose only ambition is to gain political power, I have to sit back and question my affinity for your tales.    So, I'm done. I won't be buying A Feast for Crows or A Dance with Dragons (God help us if it is ever released). I won't be watching the new HBO series.    I've lost both patience and interest, and that's mostly because its taken you too long to produce a *completed* sequel. Yes, I know, you're under no contract to provide us with a sequel. Yes, I know, we're just impatient children of the lightning-fast technology generation who are used to a quick pace of life and expect far too much from people that work at about half the speed of a retarded snail. (We children of the megabyte sure are impetuous and full of unrealistic expectations...)    MAAAAYBE I'll return to your series when you've drawn the curtains and put it to bed, (I'm beginning to suspect that Brandon Sanderson will also have to finish this series), but for now, no more of my gold will go to fill your coffers.    It's a 3-star book filled with complicated, but ultimately ignoble characters (hint: it's difficult not to be complicated when you're out to screw everyone around you for your own personal gain). But it gets 1 star because there is no completed sequel, and I'm tired of waiting for one.    One final word before parting: \\"Go, Giants!\\" *rolls eyes*
B000N0WCLC|5.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE IVE BEEN SEARCHING EVERYWHERE FOR THIS DVD NOW I FINALLY GOT IT IN GREAT CONDITION BRAND NEW I LOVE IT
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|Every song is great!  The sound is fun and different.  Can't get the songs out of my head.  BUY THIS NOW--you will sooner or later anyway because they are going to be big!
B003PIUBZS|5.0|in the beginning there was the 10 commandments in 1923, followed by the king of kings 1927 and continuing through to the centurions of 2010 And of all the 60 or more such sand and sandal epics in between, there's less than a dozen that can still hold up in the new millineum -- 1934 Cleopatra, 1949 samson and delilah  (with a sinfully beautiful hedy lamarr ), 1950 quo vadis, 1953 the robe and julius ceasar(with a priapean marlon brando ),the 10 commandments remake of 1956, kubrick's spartacus in 1960, the greatest story ever told in 1965, after which such movies fell out of vogue for the next 30 years until russell crowe bestrod the sands of Rome as the gladiator in  2003.You can forget about the silliness of troy in 2005 , and the misbegotten alexander in 2007, and even the much-hyped over-blown cartoon of 300. And so, here and now, let it be said that spartacus: blood and sand trumps them all. It depicts antiquity as it most likely really was -- with lots of raw sexuality, gore and the hypocritical intrigues of the ruling classes in all their nefarious glory. I have seen over 45 of these epics since the 1950's. And I can unequivocally declare that the tv series is the apotheosis of the genre.
159102594X|5.0|Hard paced trilogy , witty and enormously entertaining .   There are loads of ingeniously clever dialogs , well developed characters and equally developed story.   I feel jealous to all who have not started reading  and met the characters of Sand dan Glokta and practical Frost .  And yes , the story has an ending , a rarity in world of trilogies  or quadrilogies , pentalogies or  hexologies..
B000F1IQNM|4.0|This movie is superb and most negative reviewers have completely missed its point.  First, in general, it's best to be skeptical of any reviews that spend most of their time comparing the film to similar films the reviewer apparently liked better. Most of the negative reviews (and several of the positive ones) fall into this category.  This film is neither Mary Poppins (MP) nor The Sound of Music (TSOM) to which it is oft compared, nor was it made as a \\"cheap knock-off\\" of those works (all three are derived from different source books), yet reviewers take great pains to tell us all the ways they found Nanny McPhee (NM) inferior to the others.  A film should be reviewed on its own merits, which I believe are considerable.    Second, Nanny McPhee's physical appearance is crucial to understanding the richness of the story, but that point is entirely missed by most reviews.  They dismiss her as \\"repulsive,\\" \\"odd,\\" \\"ugly,\\" and \\"mysterious,\\" as if those character traits are just innately wrong choices for the central character of a film.  One widely read negative review condemns this decidedly different portrayal of the nanny for failing to mirror the \\"anything-but-ugly Julie Andrews,\\" but then knocks the film for being \\"an unabashed and shameless rip-off\\" of the prior works.  Would he have liked NM to be more similar to the other films, or less?  One simply can't condemn a film's choices on the grounds that they resemble or differ from those of other films.  But to condemn a film both ways simultaneously is just nonsense.  Reviewers should deal with the film's story and how well the film tells it.    I found McPhee's \\"repulsive\\" look and decidedly \\"mysterious\\" behavior to be brilliant choices.  The filmmakers employ them skillfully to tell THEIR story, and their story is NOT the same story found in the other films.  Nanny McPhee is, among other things, a metaphor for selfless virtue and mature self-control, as seen through the eyes of virtue-less and immature children.Corrupt eyes will always initially regard virtue as stern, foreign, ugly and even \\"inhumane\\" (as one negative review opined).  But as the sour medicine of choice & consequence grows a more selfless heart inside us, we come to see its true beauty.  Most reviewers failed to even note this dominant theme, or how the film makes it crystal clear: as the children make better choices for better reasons, Nanny McPhee's appearance gradually changes, from disfigured hag at the beginning to beautiful governess at the end.  She visually reflects the family's heart-change from villainous to virtuous, and her final radiance at the fanciful, winter-wonderland wedding seems to say that a transformed heart \\"makes all things new.\\"  Consider, too, that by enduring her outer ugliness, Nanny McPhee is bearing (and eventually bears away) their inner ugliness--yet another level of meaning, and there are many more.  Neither Mary Poppins or Maria Von Trapp ever swam in cinematic waters this deep.  Both those films are excellent, but they are very different films from Nanny McPhee.     This is a wonderfully entertaining, beautifully crafted film that believes the truest measure of maturity is our willingness to love others as we love ourselves.  I think it intentionally bears a surface resemblance to the earlier works, but it does so as a tonic to its predecessors' somewhat saccharine sentimentality--a sentiment made more benign by those films' status as cultural icons.  Don't get me wrong.  I greatly enjoy and respect both the classic films.  But Nanny McPhee is a more honest meditation on human transformation than either of them, though they share the same thematic zip code.      Nanny McPhee is not a \\"cheap knock-off\\" of the other films--far from it.  It appropriates familiar references to draw us in, but then deftly embraces or defies them to tell a different story with more gravity.  NM reflects MP and TSOM in the same way that a \\"theme and variations\\" might reflect a familiar tune while still standing on it's own artistically:  On the surface NM resonates with the earlier films; but then it delves deeper to ponder, with far more weight and clarity, both the joy and pain of learning to rightly love others and oneself.      Ignore the negative reviews.  See the movie.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I highly recommend this book. Well written story, developed characters. You feel like you are experiencing the horror with them. I could not put it down and could not stop thinking about it for days after finishing.
B0021L8V1Q|5.0|As my son says, it's just a great action movie.  Plain and simple - the review that is, the movie is \\"awesome\\".
B003W5C0VM|5.0|Gave this concert blu ray 5 stars for content, not the picture quality. For a concert filmed in '72, this looks pretty good. They re-formatted the image to 16:9 filling your tv screen (or was it originally shot 1.85 for movie theaters?), anyway the image is good, but not blu ray \\"wow!\\". Still it has to be better than DVD, right? The soundtrack does sound muted (compared to practice sessions on the disc) and is available at least in a DTS HD format. Still good for the price. The concert is only 82 minutes and it has supplements including a 2010 interview with Mick Jaggar that is worth the price of the disc (just to see him transport himself back in the day while talking about the era this concert was filmed...priceless).<br />If you are a Stones fan or just love rock and roll, this is a must have! Classic by all means!!
B0041OJ0Y8|5.0|WOW.....i love this cd, its like no other, love every track, if your looking for something that dose not sound like all the other cookie cutter  rap and dance music, this is the real deal. The world is so ready for this group, once you hear it, you cant stop till you drop. I am down on my knees. its great. I AM A FAN. Take a chance on something new, also check out there videos on you tube. crazy, funny, great. LOVE THIS CD. CHECK IT OUT. cant say enough good things about it. you guys got me ....
B000PTYUQG|5.0|...but why couldn't they re-master them?  Having just watched Jewels  by the Paris Opera Ballet on DVD, I was curious about his Capriccio for Piano, which was the first from this set   I played.  This was the music to Rubies, the second of the 'Jewels' which was hilarious, exciting, touching, and what else can I say?  Very sexy.  I was not disappointed. If you're a Stravinsky-ite, this set is a must.  Highly recommended.
0316044938|2.0|I never learn from my mistakes: books that have huge mass appeal and are wildly popular, are very rarely compelling or well-written. I think most readers were drawn to The Lovely Bones because of the \\"shocking\\" plot of an innocent, wide-eyed 14-year-old girl being brutally raped and murdered.    \\"A book with such a horrific story line must be culturally relevant, right?\\" Not if the author is determined to bore you with an anti-climactic, overly sentimental tale, with no discernible story arc. Sebold's writing is dull, unemotional and vapid, never grasping my attention long enough to care about the characters.    \\"Oh, but isn't the depiction of Heaven just wonderful?\\" Yes, and kittens and puppies and babies make me want to buy whatever the latest \\"must have\\" product is. It's a device to make us feel warm and fuzzy, giving us permission to not feel so bad that a girl was murdered at the hands of a serial killer.    For a truly frightening and impeccably written tale of a young, beautiful girl kidnapped, read [[ASIN:0316290238 The Collector (Back Bay Books)]]. Leave this one on the shelf.
1423113497|5.0|Lighting Thief will probably be the best book I'll ever read. I got hooked on it when my mom told me to read it.  My friend at school was reading the book too, but he was a bit ahead of me. I was wrapped in it. I decided to read the whole series.  I'm pretty sure if I read any other book it will be nothing like this. Here's a good summary: It's a great fantasy book. Basically the problem that Percy has to solve is he has to try to get the Master Bolt from Hades before causing World War Three.  First of all, Annabeth saves Percy's life in many different ways. Grover, the goat boy, is a kind of a weirdo, and Percy, well, he's kind of on the bright side of things, but most of the time he gets all of his advice from Annabeth.     It's really really funny. Take for example, the chapter names are funny.  Here's a funny chapter name, \\"I Accidentally Vaporized my Pre-Algebra Teacher\\" and another one is, \\"Grover Unexpectedly Losses his Pants\\" and here's the last one I'm going to tell you, \\"I Become the Supreme Lord of the Bathroom.\\"      Percy goes through dangerous things, like going through Hades and trying to get the Master Bolt. But it ends up being stuck in his backpack.
0525951652|5.0|\\"Like a cloak You will fold them up,<br />And they will be changed.<br />But You are the same,<br />And Your years will not fail.\\" -- Hebrews 1:12 (NKJV)<br /><br />Isn't it interesting that on the day I wrote this review, the hardcover book retailed for quite a bit less on Amazon than the Kindle version? Who would have thought that could be possible for a book that's almost 1,000 pages long?<br /><br />As a youngster, I was fascinated by the CBS televised history series, \\"You Are There,\\" which was narrated by Walter Cronkite. These re-enactments of critical moments made history interesting and understandable to me in a delightful way that helped turn me into a history major in college. I'm deeply grateful for the experience.<br /><br />I was fascinated to see that Fall of Giants was designed to take a similar approach, while adding the desirable qualities of multiple narrators with different perspectives, much interaction among the characters, and a family saga element that provides even more depth of understanding. Even though I am quite familiar with the histories that are related here, I found myself wondering what historical lessons would be added to the comments made by the \\"future-looking\\" characters who often serve as quasi-prophets in the stories. A lot of historians must have worked very hard to be sure that so many historical insights made it into this novel. Fall of Giants has a surface accuracy that's quite impressive. I suspect that a lot of people will learn more about 1911 through 1923 in the UK, Russia, Germany, and the United States from this book than from any history courses that have taken or might take in the future.<br /><br />When I saw the list of characters, I couldn't for the life of me imagine how they might relate to one another across cultures. The nicest surprises in the book came from the many unexpected little events that Mr. Follett used to bring his characters together and to draw them apart. I couldn't wait to get to the end to see what inventions he would use.<br /><br />The book emphasizes the story lines of:<br /><br />aristocracy losing to meritocracy<br />integrity being better than popularity and wealth<br />new ideas replacing tradition<br />duty versus responsibility<br />women seeking more equal opportunities<br />male egos being harmful to everyone else<br /><br />Watch out that you don't read any detailed descriptions of how the characters' stories develop. You will lose a lot of the joy of the book should that occur.<br /><br />I like books where the main characters have many chances to make decisions, to express themselves, and to deal with adversity. From the combination, I can get to know and understand them much better. Fall of Giants really delivers in that way for characters such as Gus Dewar, Earl Fitzherbert, Lady Maud Fitzherbert, Walter von Ulrich, Grigori Peshkov, Ethel Williams, and Billy Williams.<br /><br />I am excited that there are two more books in the trilogy to come. I'm ready!<br /><br />Bravo, Mr. Follett!k emphasizes the story lines of:    aristocracy losing to meritocracy  integrity being better than popularity and wealth  new ideas replacing tradition  duty versus responsibility  women seeking more equal opportunities  male egos being harmful to everyone else    Watch out that you don't read any detailed descriptions of how the characters' stories develop. You will lose a lot of the joy of the book should that occur.    I like books where the main characters have many chances to make decisions, to express themselves, and to deal with adversity. From the combination, I can get to know and understand them much better. Fall of Giants really delivers in that way for characters such as Gus Dewar, Earl Fitzherbert, Lady Maud Fitzherbert, Walter von Ulrich, Grigori Peshkov, Ethel Williams, and Billy Williams.     I am excited that there are two more books in the trilogy to come. I'm ready!    Bravo, Mr. Follett!
B003QCCS36|5.0|I would say that this is my favorite Ray Lamontagne album yet, but since each one has a different feel to it, I can't.  I can say that I have enjoyed this one just as thoroughly as his others.  God Willing and the Creek Don't Rise moves from an almost smooth and jazzy feel to a back porch jam in great fluidity.  I've have a few favorites on the album, but again, because of the different flavors amongst the songs, my favorite at the time depends on my mood.  I greatly recommend this album, and I hope anyone who gets it enjoys it as much as I have.
B002KREVE2|5.0|I have been a Leonard Cohen fan since 1967 when I heard \\"So Long, Marianne\\" being played on a Saturday morning folk music program I listened to each week.  The song was very different from anything I had ever heard, and when a couple more Leonard Cohen songs followed on the broadcast I was hooked.  This DVD recaptures the feeling I had 43 years ago.  The huge crowd of 600,000 on the isle of Wight was as spellbound by the mystery and poetry of his music as I had been upon first hearing it.  And although I have enjoyed buying his albums and listening to Leonard Cohen all these years as his voice deepened and his music evolved, this DVD is a reminder to me that my all-time favorite Leonard Cohen is the young and hungry one singing here.<br /><br />\\"Live at the Isle of Wight\\" is an astounding slice of musical history that should not be missed.
0375842209|4.0|For the first few pages I was unsure about this book--the tone and writing felt arrogant, but then again, the narrator is Death (who better to be arrogant?).  I kept going and was glad I did.  This is a very skillfully written story populated with engaging characters.  Generally I shy away from children as protagonists, but a child's eye view of the holocaust from a small village is new (to me, at least) and I very much enjoyed this book.  I was surprised that the author was a young Australian.  He did well by his subject matter.
B003UCPEJ2|5.0|An accident of history meant that the launch of stereo recording, in the late 1950s, coincided with the autumn of several illustrious careers, including Reiner, Heifetz, Munch, Monteux and Rubinstein. In America, RCA and Mercury were the first to undertake widespread recording in stereo, and many of the RCA Living Stereo recordings became recognised as classics which have never been out of the catalog.<br /><br />This box contains 60 compact discs, many of which are outstanding (try Reiner's Also Sprach Zarathustra), and all of which are acceptable, both as performances and recordings. The first disc is a \\"sampler\\", but the remaining 59 are great performances of core repertoire.  Although you are getting old-fashioned Red Book 16/44 compact discs (manufactured in Korea!), the recording is actually the CD layer of the SACD remasters from the original master tapes (by Sound Mirror). Each disc comes in a sleeve with the same cover art as the SACD, and the box is accompanied by a superb book which contains all the SACD cover notes for every disc, and provides background details of the remastering. I have the equivalent SACDs for a couple of the discs, and the comparative sound quality, whilst not identical, is quite close.<br /><br />For just over $2 per disc, you are getting a superb bargain, and all the performances are in excellent late 1950s or early 1960s sound.  Of course, there is some tape hiss and occasional audience noises on a few of the live performances. But you are hearing something special, and it is well worth the modest cost.
1585673927|5.0|Seriously funny.  Pick up any Wodehouse title--doesn't matter which one--and be astonished by his dexterity with the English language.  Wodehouse is one of those authors that saves my sanity.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|This is a great disc! Accept are back! Their new singer Mark Tornillo fits in perfectly. Do yourself a favor a check this out. Straight ahead old school german metal at its best!
B000UR9QHQ|5.0|Even if you are not a horror film fan, you've surely heard of John Carpenter's 1981 slasher flick, \\"Halloween\\". It's the story of escaped mental patient and deranged killer Michael Myers, who brutally murdered his older sister on Halloween night when he was 6 years old and has returned 15 years later to stalk the teenage-girls now inhabiting the area. It's also the story of Laurie Strode, the one babysitter in the neighborhood who is not so preoccupied with sex and drugs that she can't see the danger lurking around her. The film takes us through the entire day shared by Laurie and the shape that watches her. A typical Halloween otherwise, with trick or treaters, jack o' lanterns, and most people out for a good time. But, as the desperately pursuing Dr. Sam Loomis might say, tonight, evil walks the streets too.<br /><br />Filmed by and starring mostly young people and newcomers on an extremely small budget, \\"Halloween\\" was the little independent picture that could. The intentions of John Carpenter and partner Debra Hill to make a truly classic work of horror and film here really come through, so much so that \\"Halloween\\" earned critical acclaim, plenty of copycats, a ton of sequels and merchandise, and even a recent and wholly unnecessary remake franchise. Now, personally, while I love horror film, I don't tend to lean towards the slasher stuff. In fact, I have always just considered them something to watch when there was nothing else interesting on. To me, they all tend to be too similar. However, I've been taking a closer look at them lately, especially the original films in the most popular series. I've come to find that usually these films are well worth a second look. Halloween undoubtedly is one of, if not THE best film in the genre. I find I am liking it better with each viewing. The performances, particularly those of Jamie Lee Curtis and Laurie Strode and the film's star power, Donald Pleasence as Dr. Sam Loomis, are excellent, the music by John Carpenter is crucial, and the Halloween day and night setting and atmosphere really push the film over the edge. In fact, as excellent as the tense and spooky nighttime and climax scenes are, I really think I enjoy the daytime stuff more than anything, and I greatly love all the Halloween nostalgia moments throughout. We need that in more films. Overall, this film is a thrilling treat to watch anytime, but especially around Halloween!<br /><br />The Blu-Ray release is an excellent buy, usually priced at a mere 10 bucks and with a few really nice bonus features. You get a commentary with the filmmakers (Carpenter and Hill) and Jamie Lee Curtis (though, unfortunately, this is pieced together and not a group thing; It would have been more fun to have the entire Jamie Lee Curtis commentary separate, as star commentaries are always fun to watch), the theatrical trailer and TV and Radio spots, and a very lengthy and informative, all out EXCELLENT making-of documentary. Oh, and there is a Film Fast Facts track to watch with the movie, but as with all text material on blu-ray releases, the text is always too tiny to read on my current TV.<br /><br />Now, there have been a lot of analyses on this film, not surprisingly, and a common belief is that it is promoting morality/chastity, etc... by having the repressed, virginal character be the \\"survivor girl\\", something that is often considered tradition in slasher films now. But the filmmakers deny this intent. However, if that is what you want to see in it, I suppose you can, and probably several other copycat films out there. If you enjoy Halloween, there are all the sequels to check out, though aside from continuing the characters' stories, they are all pretty run-of-the-mill slasher fare that don't compare to the original, even if some aren't bad. Donald Pleasence comes back for most of them (until he passed away, I believe), and Jamie Lee Curtis reprises her role in the 2nd, as well as the 7th (H2O), and briefly in the 8th (Resurrection). It should be noted that Halloween 3: Season of the Witch, is not part of the Michael Myers saga, and instead was an attempt to turn the Halloween films into an anthology, with each installment being an original story set on the holiday. Frankly, I guess I'm one of the few who loved that idea and really loves that film. To date, there have been no more sequels to the original line after the 8th film, but there was the aforementioned remake by Rob Zombie, and a follow-up to that film. The remake is not great, at times worse than that, but it is still entertaining to say the least, and the backstory created for this new Michael Myers is also entertaining, but I don't like it, ha. The sequel to the remake was basically an exercise in audience torture. At least one gets to ogle the lovely Danielle Harris some more if I recall, but that's the nicest thing I can say about it, and it seems to never end. As far as recommendations go, besides taking a look at the sequels and remake if you're inclined to, there are the obvious choices like Friday the 13th and its sequels, and I particularly like lesser known seventies and early eighties stuff like House on Sorority Row, Private Parts (`72), and the original Black Christmas. I also admit to being a fan of the Scream saga, though the original is really the good one (the sequels are not that great, but they do stay fun and interesting). Something else that's sort of in the Scream style of half serious, half mocking slasher horror is the fairly recent \\"Behind the Mask: The Rise of Leslie Vernon\\", which I reviewed recently and got a real kick out of. But if it's a Halloween holiday kick you're on, my favorite recommendation is another not so old film, \\"Trick `r Treat\\", from 2008, along with the more family friendly fare such as \\"Hocus Pocus\\", \\"The Worst Witch\\", and an assortment of television specials I'm sure most are aware of . And of course, Halloween 3 and this original, must-own classic! P.S., if you just can't get enough, the original Halloween 2 continues exactly where this film leaves off!lloween 3: Season of the Witch, is not part of the Michael Myers saga, and instead was an attempt to turn the Halloween films into an anthology, with each installment being an original story set on the holiday. Frankly, I guess I'm one of the few who loved that idea and really loves that film. To date, there have been no more sequels to the original line after the 8th film, but there was the aforementioned remake by Rob Zombie, and a follow-up to that film. The remake is not great, at times worse than that, but it is still entertaining to say the least, and the backstory created for this new Michael Myers is also entertaining, but I don't like it, ha. The sequel to the remake was basically an exercise in audience torture. At least one gets to ogle the lovely Danielle Harris some more if I recall, but that's the nicest thing I can say about it, and it seems to never end. As far as recommendations go, besides taking a look at the sequels and remake if you're inclined to, there are the obvious choices like Friday the 13th and its sequels, and I particularly like lesser known seventies and early eighties stuff like House on Sorority Row, Private Parts (`72), and the original Black Christmas. I also admit to being a fan of the Scream saga, though the original is really the good one (the sequels are not that great, but they do stay fun and interesting). Something else that's sort of in the Scream style of half serious, half mocking slasher horror is the fairly recent \\"Behind the Mask: The Rise of Leslie Vernon\\", which I reviewed recently and got a real kick out of. But if it's a Halloween holiday kick you're on, my favorite recommendation is another not so old film, \\"Trick `r Treat\\", from 2008, along with the more family friendly fare such as \\"Hocus Pocus\\", \\"The Worst Witch\\", and an assortment of television specials I'm sure most are aware of . And of course, Halloween 3 and this original, must-own classic! P.S., if you just can't get enough, the original Halloween 2 continues exactly where this film leaves off!
B002BWP4A6|1.0|Do yourself a favour - avoid this pretentious silliness. Unless, that is, you enjoy being presented with a mystery with absolutely no conclusion or resolution (I guess Haneke is too much of an artistic genius to confine himself to such orthodox notions). Some critics may call it brilliant - I call it fraud, and I want my money back.<br /><br />Apparently because this film takes place just before WWI, it's supposed to be about the birth of Naziism. (That's not in the movie, but it's what all the critics who are falling over themselves to slobber all over Haneke's \\"work\\" say.) Of course, if you enjoy over two hours of very grim, serious, unhappy, repressed individuals standing around and looking grim; and if you enjoy being preached to by a director who has utter contempt for the audience (he has stated that he likes to \\"rape\\" the audience with his films); if you don't believe that films should entertain (or if you like Ingmar Bergman movies), then in that case, this is absolutely a film for you.<br /><br />It's unbelievable that \\"The White Ribbon\\" beat \\"Un prophete\\" for best film at Cannes - the latter being a vastly superior film in every way (and even - GASP! - entertaining!). Well, you know what Shakespeare wrote: \\"The first thing we do, we kill all the film critics\\" (or something like that).
B00007L4OM|1.0|Believe the other reviewers when they say \\"Not Worth Your Time\\" and \\"Just A Bad Movie\\". In general I'm a fan of Jean Reno, so I wanted to love this movie. But, it really IS awful. It's sort of a cross between \\"Nash Bridges\\" and \\"Who Framed Roger Rabbit?\\"<br /><br />Reviewer's note: Since I wrote the above comments some years ago, I have watched this movie an additional 3 or 4 times. (I work through my modest movie library every year or so.) And, I still maintain that it's not a very good movie. MAYBE it deserves \\"2 Stars\\", but I'm not certain. Do yourself a favor; buy something else.
0545265355|4.0|I purchased these for my son.  While I have not read them the boxed set arrived on time and in good condition.  The price was better than I had seem elsewhere so overall I would give the seller high marks though I can't speak to the literary quality of the books.
B000007U5G|3.0|I love Glenn and his band, but he is in \\"Rock God\\" mode as far as his vocals go and there is way to much high pitched screeching vs. actual emotive singing with some of the vocals seeming a little rushed as if he was trying live up to ego trip as, \\"I am the voice of rock\\", than hey I can sing too instead of the constant screaming. I would have suggested a more mature approach with occasional restraint and constraint. In the '70s with Trapeze and Deep Purple, it was more of a group effort with other talents and egos having more success in keeping over-inflated egos from tryng to upstage and be the front person with each musician doing their job and not tring to steal the show. In Burning Japan, this is all about Glenn, and frankly way too much, at times, over the top vocal excess. I would suggest skipping this one and trying some of his other CDs whether it is straight rock, or the funk infused stuff he can sing so well.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|This series is intensely popular and makes for a great watching experience.  The actors are both easy on the eyes and you will find yourself rooting for them in all their perils.  The series is already in its 6th season and even though I have to wait until September 2011 to get the series, it is well worth the wait.
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|Joe's newest disc \\"Black Swans & Wormhole Wizards\\" is outstanding from beginning to end. From the opening track \\"Premonition\\" to the last track \\"God is Crying\\" the cd starts and finishes with a bang. I feel it's one of his best. I love the mellower \\"Dream Song\\" and I really like the \\"Solitude\\" track. I've seen him live twice and was blown away. I thought I might skip his upcoming show in Boston but after hearing this a few times already I might just go again! Great work once again,Satch!
B000051YGH|1.0|This is NOT one of  the fabulous New Year Concerts done yearly by the world's top-ranked Strauss Orchestra televised worldwide. Beware!
B003XMKN40|4.0|Pretty good video. Photography, sound are nicely done. You won't see a lot of Eric Clapton, but his concerts are like that the past few years. Guests are great. Lots of variety, though quite a few are not blues. Cool behind the stage camera work and interviews, but they don't interfere with the music.
B002NXSRVG|5.0|I love this movie and I loved the fast shipping I receive from this seller.  I look forward to order from this seller again.  The price was also great.
B0015DROBO|5.0|You will get sucked into this book and immediately have to read the next 2!
B003ZK58WM|2.0|I loved 'Pillars' and enjoyed 'World' and, because of that, was really looking forward to this book.  I should have held off until I read some reviews of it first.  In my opinion, there was way too much time spent explaining how awful the trenches were and the awful waste and terror of war and not enough time spent creating the characters in order to make me care about the horror they are going through.  Honestly, enough with the trench foot, mud, low rations, etc.  The upshot is that I skimmed through a lot of this book and will not be buying any more of the series.
B0030BYWKU|5.0|I purchased this cd as I absolutely loved the single \\"Ridin' Solo\\". I was expecting to get a cd that had perhaps one or two good songs on it if I was lucky. Much to my surprise I love every song on this cd. The other reviewers have covered the songs well, so I won't go into that. All I can say if you are a fan of the few Jason Derulo songs you hear on the radio you will definitely enjoy this cd. There's lots of good dance music here.
1439181780|5.0|I was surprised to get this book a lot sooner than I was supposed to. And, I started reading it as soon as it came. It was a terrific investment, and well worth every dime.
B000CNESU8|5.0|This movie is absolutely spot on with current issues despite it's age. It is remarkably well written and acted. It is also very entertaining and humorous.
0316286850|4.0|I've been thumbing through this book in the bookstore since I was a kid. I was glad to see it here and mostly bought it to avenge my younger self (who didn't have her own money let alone permission to wear makeup yet).      The only downfalls to this book are that the color recommendations are slightly dated (a sad reminder of Aucoin's having passed too soon), and while the advice is specfic and comes from an expert, it does not include comprehensive techniques to achieve a look.  Oversimplified guidelines like \\"first add a dark color to the crease.  Then sweep a light color to the lid\\" don't match up to the picture that shows a third (unmentioned) color on the brow bone or visible blending done to the temples. I know I will have to invest some time to experiment and match what I see in the mirror to what I see in the pictures.  There are probably YouTube tutorials out there that can fill in the gaps.      Beautifully photographed, and for each signature look Aucoin provides a brief history celebrating the Hollywood Heroines that made them classic. (Fun fact: he shares how the small-mouthed look of silent film stars came about--before the advance in lipstick technology in the 1930s, color was drawn inside the lip line to prevent feathering.)
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Love, love, love this show. Had to have it. No regrets except that there should have been more episodes.
B002ZG98VE|2.0|Positives:   Surprisingly accurate sets and props, at least at the start. Also some historic accuracy such as the seldom talked about Christian Crusades war crimes against non-combatant Muslim citizens.  Overall a nice view of 12th century life, Crusades and the interplay between what is now England and France.   Acting was decent and for the ladies the mandatory shot of Crowe - shirtless.   Directing showed great attention to detail which helps to envelope the audience into a most distant time. Much better than Disney's \\"Prince of Persia\\" which simply transports you to a Disney lot.     Negatives:  Movie started out strong with a good script, acting, pace and emotion but towards the end it seems as if the director and writers were running out of time, money and energy and simply wanted to finish quickly e.g. a lot of disjointed editing culminating in boringly extended cartoon credits.   The story, scenes and props also seemed rushed, contrived  and artificial such as the Hollywood war scenes e.g. the use of WWII landing craft being rowing without sails across the Channel or the massive arrow onslaughts with a \\"Red Cliffs\\" ripoff feel. Mandatory (ho-hum) sword fights that were poorly rehearsed and acted.
B000BW7QWW|4.0|Just adding my vote. Not much extra to say.<br /><br />Liked the movie a lot and is a must see if you love the series.
0156030470|5.0|I have now read or listened (via audio tape) to this book five times.  Each time, I have enjoyed it more, and have been enabled to look deeper into it.<br /><br />What I like most about this book are the interior dialogues that all the major characters - Mrs. Ramsey, Charles Ramsey, James Ramsey, Lily Briscoe, etc. - engage in.  We learn about their thoughts, their reveries, their likes and dislikes, their fears and worries, their hopes, etc.<br /><br />In presenting these dialogues, each of these characters moves closer to all of us readers than would ever be possible if all we had were their external actions.<br /><br />Indeed, the external actions, which fall into two days separated by 10 years, while themselves totally engaging, become the vehicle for the even more engaging internal \\"events\\" which \\"deliver\\" all the major characters so satisfyingly.<br /><br />What can one say except that I join the chorus of those who believe that this might be the best modern novel ever written.
B003YWUTKM|3.0|Back in the day there were these bootleg Floyd albums that were supposedly remixed by the Orb.  The truth of the matter is some enterprising DJ mixed a Pink Floyd album with an orb album.   Basically the DJ played both at the same time and added some effects here and there.   People ate these up and the bootlegs became legendary -- even though they weren't really the Orb.      Flash forward and we have the Orb repeating what the bootleggers did.   That is, mix in some Pink Floyd via Gilmour over the top of some Orb.   So what you are left with is an Orb album intertwined with some Pink Floyd.      There isn't anything wrong with this but there isn't anything stunning either.   However, it is good to hear some old school 90's electronic music.   Not everything has to be Flying Lotus...    Pleasant enough and I knew that when I ordered it.   If you have a spare $10 then so be it...
B004132I4S|4.0|This is an amazing album, yet we all wish it were something other than what it is.   For me, those \\"somethings\\" are:    - Using halloween reverb, let's say, 70% of the time instead of 95%  - Singing \\"Boy, we can do much more together\\" 25 times instead of 100. I mean, really?  - Putting in a \\"pop\\" track. Come on, just throw us a bone.    Oh, and this is really selfish, but can Sufjan make an album that doesn't include the word \\"shoulder\\"?    All that aside, his work is as pioneering as ever, and I look forward to many more listenings.
B003JSSPSY|4.0|The show is great & so are the books. They are different. They are meant to be! This is a wonderful series & it's really a shame to see it end.     One question remains however. Where are the Blue-ray versions for both seasons? I watched the show on cable & they were shown in HD. I don't understand why series like these or programming from PBS that is shown in HD time & time again are sold only in DVD format? I know that they want to make folks buy 'em twice, first release the DVD then the Blue-ray, but PBS' shows seem for the most part to not get published in Blue-ray no matter how long it's been.    I want this series in HD, that's why I haven't bought season 1 yet. With the cancellation of the series, it looks like the only way we'll get this is in DVD which is a shame because this show was beautiful to watch in HD! I hope they will eventually release it in that format.
B0044XV3QY|1.0|To release Avatar this past spring with no 3D content was inexcusable particularly so much 3D content being release in other films. But to issue this again in November adding a third disk of \\"special features\\" and a \\"directors cut\\" that no one wants with no 3D content....they should shoot these morons! Send a message to Fox by NOT buying this! They are playing too many games with consumers.<br /><br />Don't bundle it with the purchase of a 3D plasma TV and don't say you are waiting for 3D technology in Blu-Ray players. 3D exists today in many titles. It works!
0765322889|4.0|I will make this review brief, as there are nearly 300 other reviews here, many of which are far more comprehensive and articulate than I want to take the time to be.  The reason is that I can't put down book 2 of this series, \\"Deadhouse Gates\\"!  As a veteran of nearly all of the traditional fantasy series (Jordan, Goodkind, Eddings, Butcher, Tad Williams, Tolkien, JV Jones, Terry Brooks, etc), I made the decision long ago to wait for a series to be nearly over until I started to read them (mostly because of the epic failure of GRRM to finish anything more than his breakfast over the past decade, and because of the long wait for the Wheel of Time to finish (thanks for picking the ball up and sprinting with it, Sanderson!  Bravo!).  So when I heard that The Malazan Book of the Fallen series would be finished in February, I picked up the first book (actually, the first 8), and dug in.<br />Yes, I will admit the first 200 pages or so are somewhat tedious.  However, it's not that hard to follow if you simply use the provided Dramatis Personae at the back of the book.  To me, Erikson seems to be the fantasy version of Tom Clancy in the sense that he has a lot of characters with simultaneous storylines to follow.  It took me about 5 days to read the first half of the book (to be fair, I was reading another book as well), but only 2.5 hours to read the final 188 pages!  So hang in there, new readers -- I think the wait is worth it.<br />I think it's also very interesting to discern some parallels between the Malazan Empire and current-day America.  Although GOTM was finished nearly 2 decades ago, there are some political, military, and socio-economic lessons to be learned.  After all, is history not doomed to repeat itself, fantasy or no?
B0019NB9A2|5.0|This movie is a must have for any Sci-Fi fan out there. Why? It has robby the robot which is a world wide icon from the futuristic views and hopes people had in the 1950's. Special effects are not the main focus of this classic but the story is. For that reason despite 50+ years this movie remains a timeless classic.     Now lets talk about the transfer. Picture quality perhaps could have been better but it is pretty good as it is. I made a comparison with my DVD. There is no chance of comparison. The DVD was never good to start with the amount of film dust, scratches and other debris left a lot to be desired, sharpness was bad too. This blu ray is fairly sharp most of the time, colors are good and sound is good. Worth the upgrade just because of the improvement in picture.     Now,if you still have doubts lets look at the extras. I rarely do and I am so glad I did. I nearly fell of my chair when I discovered that this copy from Amazon included the full length Invisible Boy movie. If you don't know this movie it is a B/W movie with robby and an evil computer trying to take over the world. Not as good as the main feature but worth having for a robby fan. It also includes an episode from a TV series where robby appeared.     There are several deleted scenes and lost footage from forbidden planet, quality of these is generally awful but interesting to see.      Invisible boy in my system showed it as a 720i so I suppose it qualifies as HD. Picture quality of invisible boy was very good and better than a lot of DVD's I wouldn't have expected that as an extra. My congratulations to the people involved in this release.
B0013FNC38|4.0|I absolutely love Jason Mraz! Lucky is one of my favorite songs, especially on a warm spring/fall day while strolling down a windy path. I hope he will release more songs in the near future!
B003AO1SVS|4.0|I did not fall in love with the band's previous releases so I am not bothered by any shift in sound because I want more of the same. With Vocals I liken to Paul Rodgers of The Firm and Bad Company and a loose feel not  as chaotic as The Blues Explosion but as previous reviews mention a bit along the lines of The White Stripes this is an album whose tracks would breathe life into the stale pickings of \\"classic\\" rock radio.   The hooks are there with a enough in the lyric department to satisfy repeated listening. The second half of the cd mellows and swings like Marvin Gaye's \\"What's Going On?\\" The slightly distorted quality of vocals harmonica and the big bass drum give it all a feel that i was recorded live.     Good stuff.
0345505387|4.0|I have not taken the time yet to sit down and read this, but it is a beautiful book...the drawings are gorgeous! And just the idea of seeing the story from Jamie's side.  Very cool.
B000GCFY0I|5.0|this book was exciting all the way to the cliff-hanger ending. i really enjoyed it!
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This movie is by far the best superhero movie ever made! Ledger became the Joker in every scene disturbing, offbeat and yet he really didn't want the Batman dead!
B0046MKWU6|5.0|GREAT SHOW.  YOU ALL HAVE TO WATCH! YOU START TO SEE THE REAL SAM AND THE WHAT THE ARCHANGELS REALLY ARE!
B002RVZV9K|5.0|This music documentary is ABOUT guitars! (the electric guitar precisely) So don't get angry when you watch this and all three guitarist are talking about their guitar, the unique sound it produces, and how they like to incorporate that sound into their music. Because that's exactly what its about! They just chose these three men because they are talented with their instruments. During the documentary the men also speak about their journey and past performances and experience. Some, (Jack White especially) speak about there past before being discovered and what life was like growing up. So if your a huge Jack White fan your gonna love this film. If you love the music of these three guitarist, culture, guitars, or music in general your gonna LOVE this film! And it also helps if your a huge fan of one, two, or all three of these guiarist and/or the bands they've been in. So if you decide to purchase this film, sit back, listen to the music, hear their stories, and prepare to be inspired to make some noise and create something that is uniquely yours!
B001G549C8|1.0|The sound track on this video was a good second out of sync with the video so I returned it to Amazon and they sent me a new DVD.  It was almost as bad as the first DVD so I returned it again.  I realize this is an old movie, circa 1936 but I have watched it one Turner Classic and the audio/video was fine.  You have to wonder if the DVD maker reproduced this version in their garage.
B000ZK4466|3.0|This is the first album by The Mars Volta that I listened to.  Boy, was that a mistake.  \\"The Bedlam in Goliath\\" is one of those albums where you need to build up your tolerance.  If you're just starting out with The Mars Volta (a journey that I highly recommend, by the way), don't start with this album.    There's too much screaming and high-pitched shrieking (at times reminiscent of Michael Jackson, of all things).  Cedric B. sings in a very high register throughout, and his vocals are double-tracked one octave higher.  Also, he uses a very nasal tone that wasn't present on any of TMV's earlier albums.  If you're a System of a Down fan, you might like this, but I don't.    I almost wrote off TMV entirely, based on this album.  But I'm really glad I didn't, because their earlier stuff is excellent!  Seriously.  Do yourself a favor, prospective Voltanian, and get \\"Frances the Mute\\" or \\"De-Loused\\" instead.  Their earlier stuff is truly delightful.  Perhaps \\"The Bedlam in Goliath\\" is just a phase they went through, because I really like their other work.
B001T46TM4|5.0|I first heard the song \\"Starlfur\\" on a sadly-WMG-muted YouTube video that my friends made (incorrectly labeled as Vaka, a track from the album ( )). It was only a small clip, but it demonstrated to me in that short time what I would grow to absolutely love about this band. Jons's amazing voice, the ambient orchestral and electronic passages; those are only two things out of many to be found on this album. The opening track, \\"Svefn-g-Englar,\\" is 10 minutes of some of the most beautiful music I've ever heard made by only 4 people, and that's just the first part of the album. Epic, swirling, ethereal, and poignant are only a few words to describe the music found here. You can fall asleep to it, you can take a walk to it, you can listen to it in any altered state imaginable, and it will make you smile. Smile and think, do I really want to know what they are saying or do I want to use this music as a background to my own thoughts? The band picked up on that sentiment with their next album, but while that was also amazing, it is not as consistently engaging, mood-fueling, or, not to wear out the word as it is absolutely necessary, beautiful as gtis Byrjun. Sigur Rs boldly claimed when they released this album that they were out to change music forever and the way people think about it. They've more than done that now, but left is perhaps the biggest understatement ever mentioned in music: the album title's English translation is An Alright Start. Please.
0307463745|4.0|If you are having trouble grasping the \\"New Economy\\" or the \\"New Normal\\", read this book.  You'll see a new way to work and create that is easier and simply more effective than the old way.  The authors present their takes on several traditional business ideas... many of which they tear apart at their core.  It's not rocket science either.<br /><br />The book is an easy read as it is presented in several bite sized pieces.  The downside of the way this book is presented is that it doesn't leave you with core principles that you can utilize in your business.  The work as a whole leaves you with an impression of insight told through many, many examples, some of which are very generalized.<br /><br />Overall, this book is worthy of your time.  You'll pick up some ideas and some insights into a new way of looking at business and work (hence the title).
0385738757|4.0|James Dashner took the nation by storm last year with his New York Times Bestselling young adult novel The Maze Runner. It was hailed as original, action-packed, and a fantastic read for kids of all ages.    Now in this season of sequels Dashner is back with The Scorch Trials, the much awaited sequel to The Maze Runner.    The Scorch Trials begins minutes after The Maze Runner ends. The Gladers are finally out of the Maze and are ready for the nightmares to end. But WICKED isn't ready for their trials to end. Now instead of the maze WICKED is giving the Gladers a new trial, the Scorch Trials. They must travel across the Scorch, the ravaged aftermath of this post-apocalyptic Earth, and survive against the disease ridden cranks, people inflicted with the incurable disease, the Flare.    But the catch is if the Gladers don't make it across the Scorch in time they wont make it at all, as WICKED has infected them all with the Flare. Now as they trek across the Scorch, Thomas and the other will be tested in ways they have never experienced, making the Maze seem like paradise when they're done.    Fans of The Maze Runner will be shocked as dozens of secrets are unearthed for every secret revealed from The Maze Runner. Dashner does a fantastic job of employing intricate twists and turns in the story, making it so even the most astute reader wont be able to guess what's happening next. Because of this, the break neck speed of the book, and the attachment readers will feel with Thomas, this book is a great read.    The one thing I would warn readers about beforehand though is that this book doesn't solve everything. In fact, it creates more questions that it answers secrets. Because of this some readers may want to opt to wait for the third book before reading The Scorch Trials. But most likely if you've read The Maze Runner, than you're already hooked into the series, so just be aware that the minute you finish The Scorch Trials you'll be counting down the days to the thirdbook in this epic series.    [...]
0316098337|5.0|This is a very clever book. It is a loving and humane book about a frightening story. It is also an impressive exercise in writing yourself out of a tight space (the limitations that the author has imposed upon her narrative are every bit as limited as those she imposes upon her characters). More than anything, for me, it was a book about how we perceive reality and the world around us. Despite our myriad forms of electronic awareness, motorized transport and open doors, we still live in our own little mind-worlds that are not that much bigger than Jack's. A part of Jack's reality was based on the different 'planets' that appeared, each on a different channel, on his television screen - that is not a terribly different reality than that embraced by many people I know. The petty comments about the fact that a five year old would not have such a large vocabulary are silly - I would probably have changed only a handful of words. You try writing a stream of consciousness work from the view of a five year old. I say well done!
0061650994|5.0|A Classic Book Selected for Book club.  To be donated to a local school library after reading and discussion.  Book received in excellent condition.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I watched the opening bank job over and over, it looks great in Blu Ray shot in IMAX format. Has all the features of the Double disc DVD
B0046M4H70|5.0|No lover in the world ever wrote a valentine more exquisite than Virginia Woolf's tribute to her lover Vita Sackville-West, \\"Orlando.\\"<br /><br />And few movie adaptations are as coyly, exquisitely lovely as the 1992 movie adapted from that book, a magical-realism tale about a perpetually youthful, charming hero/ine who traverses three centuries and both genders. Tilda Swinton has the right combination of androgyny and intelligence to perfectly embody Orlando, and director Sally Potter gilds and perfumes every set and costume.<br /><br />Orlando (Swinton) was born a young aristocratic man in the time of Queen Elizabeth I, and when the dying monarch visited his home she became his new court favorite. She also bid him, \\"Do not fade, do not wither, do not grow old.\\"<br /><br />And Orlando did as she said. With the death of the queen and his father, Orlando's passionate, curious personality attracted many women -- and during the Great Freeze he fell in love with Sasha, a mercurial Russian princess (Charlotte Valandrey) who enthralled him, but left him as he ice began to thaw. Bereft of true love, he devoted himself to poetry and entertainment.<br /><br />But then he's assigned to be an ambassador to Constantinople, and something strange happens -- while a bloody revolution rages, he sleeps for a full week... and wakes newly metamorphosed into a woman. With the same mind and soul but a female body, Orlando sets out on a new life of poetry (befriending Pope!), sex and legality, stretching all the way to the twentieth century -- when she finally finds peace.<br /><br />\\"Orlando\\" is a treat for the senses, filled with showers of gold dust, luxuriant flowers, pale sunlight, golden sands, cities veiled in ice, dark rivers, snowy forests and mist-filled hedge mazes. It feels like Sally Potter took Woolf's beautiful book and sprinkled it with roses, gold and crystals -- and it just adds a suitably magical atmosphere to a already unreal story.<br /><br />The center of all this is Swinton, who plays Orlando in both incarnations, and she's utterly brilliant. Her androgynous features and slim body mean she can pass for both a man and a woman, and she manages to carry both genders off beautifully -- she captures gangly boyish grace, sleek femininity, and a sort of chummy male attitude with equal skill.<br /><br />And she captures Orlando's elusive personality. Her Orlando is all puckish charm, sweetness and unleashed passion -- even to the audience. While watching a street performance of \\"Othello,\\" he glances at the camera and whispers, \\"Terrific play!\\", as if we're trailing after him over the centuries.<br /><br />And as I mentioned, Potter does a brilliant job with a very difficult book, sticking faithfully to most of Woolf's novel and adding a shimmering, silken atmosphere to it. There are lots of beautiful scenes that could have stepped out of a Pre-Raphaelite painting, and she deftly handles the passing centuries by having Orlando sprint through walls of mist. The ending is slightly different from Woolf's novel, but it has the same pleasantly timeless, thoughtful quality -- the only downside is that weird freaky angel thing. WHAT was that about?<br /><br />Fortunately, the freaky angel thing is the one downside in \\"Orlando,\\" a timelessly sensual movie that perfectly highlights Tilda Swinton. Absolutely stunning.nations, and she's utterly brilliant. Her androgynous features and slim body mean she can pass for both a man and a woman, and she manages to carry both genders off beautifully -- she captures gangly boyish grace, sleek femininity, and a sort of chummy male attitude with equal skill.     And she captures Orlando's elusive personality. Her Orlando is all puckish charm, sweetness and unleashed passion -- even to the audience. While watching a street performance of \\"Othello,\\" he glances at the camera and whispers, \\"Terrific play!\\", as if we're trailing after him over the centuries.     And as I mentioned, Potter does a brilliant job with a very difficult book, sticking faithfully to most of Woolf's novel and adding a shimmering, silken atmosphere to it. There are lots of beautiful scenes that could have stepped out of a Pre-Raphaelite painting, and she deftly handles the passing centuries by having Orlando sprint through walls of mist. The ending is slightly different from Woolf's novel, but it has the same pleasantly timeless, thoughtful quality -- the only downside is that weird freaky angel thing. WHAT was that about?     Fortunately, the freaky angel thing is the one downside in \\"Orlando,\\" a timelessly sensual movie that perfectly highlights Tilda Swinton. Absolutely stunning.
0307387178|2.0|When I learned about the premise of this book I was thrilled, I had hopes of a wilderness adventure about self discovery and solitude. I was anxious to peer into the life of Chris, the protagonist. Unfortunately what I received was a poorly sorted accord of the this kids adventure that read more like a series of news articles than it did a story or a true account of what happened.        The book is an uneven ride, sometimes compelling, other times misguided, and overall not very impressionable. I thoroughly enjoyed some insights into his life, the numerous characters he met on his escapades, the relevant back stories that help paint us a portrait of this young man, however, it was never as cohesive as I hoped. At numerous times of the book I thought the author just didn't have enough to write about and the material presented just seemed like fillers. Also, while the two chapters were well written, the story of the authors expedition in Alaska served to me no relevance to the story other than to fill pages. Sure, it was a departure of the story to fulfill some insight to a mindset not unlike the protagonist, but for it to span two lengthy chapters in meticulous detail came off as a bit pretentious or that the author just wanted so badly to put his own adventures into words.       The book is painless to read, I'm not much of a hiker or outdoor adventurer so I'm sure some of his immaculately detailed descriptions went over my head, but that is just one of the few bright spots in this book. I have no doubt that others have read and loved the same book, but it clearly wasn't for me and left me unsatisfied.
0316077054|5.0|I really like this book as much as i like the first one..I totally recommend this to anyone :)
B003UERZ88|5.0|I do not get the low reviews for this album. Yes, some of the lyrics area bit cheesy, just like on some of JP's work. Rob seems to have gotten better as a singer and an artist over the years. He has always been able to emote his feelings through his singing. This album has a great diversity of styles. Some mellow interludes, some satanic head banging at the end. I do not know what they meant by a poor recording? Resurrection and Crucible are both awesome, but what I  like about these guys is that they can maintain the same quality while trying something new. This is not a boring album at all, and in some ways it is as good as, or even better than, whatever old priest did. Rob does not hit the super high notes anymore, but you do not miss it with all of the variety of singing styles.. Here is an artist that has has outlasted any one that even remotely came close to matching his range and quality of style. I feel that this album is actually a little easier to listen to than the first two Halford's. I say to all of the people that gave this less than 4 stars, a quick, short, sharp shock up the keister for them. Stop the hating. This album is what I have been needing for a while. It will not be coming out of my player for at least a month. Rock on forever, Rob and Roy and Metal Mike. You guys kick but and should be really proud of this album..
B003JTHXOK|5.0|I have always been a fan and this book has not changed my mind. So what if they all contain romance? This world would be a better place if we loved our significant other as deeply as his characters do. He has the ability to tell a true love story like no other author ever can. If you are a TRUE Nicholas Sparks fan, you will love this one as much as the rest of them.
142311339X|5.0|This is going to be short, because I am--for once--at a complete loss for words.  This book was terrific.  I have read all the Percy Jackson books, and I gotta say... I like Jason better.  He just seems... older, more mature, less whiny, etc.  Piper is great too, and much less..entitled.. than Annabeth.  Leo is pretty awesome himself, and has fantastic abilities that he doesn't just take for granted.  Grover got to be annoying.  The last line in the book killed me.  I can't believe I didn't see that coming.  My jaw dropped, and I wanted to cry because the book just came out yesterday so I'm going to have to wait who KNOWS how long to get the next one!!!  Maybe I'll be lucky and good ol' Rick already has them all written and is just waiting to parcel them out... but probably not.  Anyway. FABULOUS READ!!!!!
0061122416|5.0|\\"People say that what we're all seeking is a meaning for life. I don't think that's what we're really seeking. I think that what we're seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances within our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive. That's what it's all finally about, and that's what these clues help us to find within ourselves.\\" Joseph Campbell (Power of the Myth)<br /><br />This book was a clue for me. And this is a book that impacted me when I needed to hear a positive message from anywhere or anyone. I remember reading this 7 years ago and life was not going well in my lost 20-something years. I was just walking through Barnes and Noble and I \\"randomly\\" picked this book up to read while having a coffee. Stories help us to connect, to inspire, move us in a direction we need to go.<br /><br />I know people want to do some literary criticism of this book. I am not one of those individuals. For me this book is like the movies. I go to a movie with a set purpose. To be entertained or to feel good or to escape. I don't care what the critics say. They are paid to find flaws. Yes this book is a great parable. Yes it may not be the most challenging read but sometimes we humans wants too much complexity that amount to nothing buy intellectual headaches with no solution. And not everyone has the literary background to read deep into complex metaphors. Simplicity is what is needed at times.<br /><br />Give this to a friend or loved one who needs it but doesn't need a lecture. Sometimes a story is better therapy then hearing it from a professional or nagging friends and family.<br /><br />Mr. Coelho has a great gift for story-telling. My idol Joseph Campbell would probably agree that this book helps you on your journey and more importantly provide lessons that help you \\"Follow your bliss!\\"<br /><br />A great story for all ages!
B000BQPC3S|5.0|The service is wonderful, the prices perfect. The condition for a used item is like new. I will definitely be ordering from here again!
B003TZ9EGO|3.0|I'm not sure at the moment if I really like this album. After my first listen I thought to myself that this was an awesome compilation, but after listening to it again, I kinda changed my mind. I do think that some of the other remixes from her maxi singles were better, and perhaps could have replaced some of the not so good remixes that they decided to include in this album. The tracks I enjoyed the most on this CD were: Just Dance (Richard Vission Remix), LoveGame ft. Marilyn Manson (Chew Fu Ghettohouse Fix), Eh Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)[Frank \\"Cut Snare Edit\\" Remix], Paparazzi (Stuart Price Remix), and The Fame (Glam As You Remix)[Radio Edit]. Overall an Okay album, but should definitely give a listen to it first before buying the whole thing.
0345509617|5.0|Having purchased the Making of Star Wars book when it was first released, my expectations were high for this Empire Strikes Back edition. But Jonathan Rinzler has again delivered an account of the making of the film that is way, way beyond anything that has been done before. The book contains literally hundreds of photos I've never seen before, facts I have never heard, and behind-the scenes insights that are priceless. All this is new to me even though I already have just about every Empire Strikes Back book ever published.     This book focuses less on the evolution of the Star Wars universe and characters, as this was well covered in the Star Wars book, so there is more room for what I find most compelling - the story of the actual artwork creation, production and post-production. I think this book is a little stronger in that respect than the previous one. I found the sketches of Darth Vader's castle (yes) particularly fascinating. Beautifully printed, well laid out and expertly researched, this is a must-own for the serious Star Wars fan or those interested in the business and process of filmmaking in general. The cover price of $85 is admittedly very steep, but the Amazon price (as of this writing) is more like $50, making it well worth it.    In short a massive undertaking and a beautiful book. A Making of Return of the Jedi book of similar quality is hopefully in development, and I eagerly await the results.
B001EN71CW|5.0|If it gets enough 5 star reviews they will bring this show back! They can just pretend the movie never happened and start where they left off.
B0043XQ932|5.0|Dimmu is slightly moving in a new direction from their previous albums and it seems like a natural progression. The addition of Agnete Maria Kjolsrud in Gateways is a great new twist.    The one thing I was hoping for was a continuation from the story on \\"In Sorte Diaboli: The Serpentine Offering\\" regarding the priest turned black. Read somewhere they had planned to use that story in future albums.    Overall the album is awesome and recommend for any Dimmu fan.
0316069884|5.0|totally changed my life, opened my eyes and helped me to understand that feeling that something is wrong with the food we eat on daily basis. wish that everybody can read this book or at least most of us and do something together that will help to make things right.
6304884419|5.0|Robert De Niro's directorial debut with a good drama about a blue collar father trying to steer his son away from the neighborhood gangster who is treating him like his own.
0061040967|3.0|..this book was a real disappointment.<br /><br />Both tedious *and* confusing --bad combination for a novel. The artwork is fabulous. That's why I gave it three stars, also the characters are wonderful. But Pratchett has already given us better portraits of those characters elsewhere. The blueprints and anatomical studies are interesting enough. But I kept searching for a real story, and that was thin on the ground. Yeh, a bunch of them are going to the mountain, and a bunch of others want to stop them. Eh, so what?<br /><br />I got as far as I could in this book, until I realized I'd rather do something else, like sort my laundry. Considering how I usually treasure Terry Pratchett's books, reading them over and over, this one was a real let down for me.
1400049628|5.0|Think watching zombie movies will save you in a real attack?Think again!Hollywood's exaggerations and creative license have created common misconceptions about a zombie's physical abilities and behavioral patterns. They also have displayed techniques that would never keep you alive in a real outbreak, maybe a class 1 outbreak if you were lucky. The bottom line is when a real zombie apocalypse occurs, this book will be your bible for survival.        Now if you reach for this book once a zombie apocalypse has begun, you are as good as dead because as this book will tell you there are many supplies which should be purchased ahead, your weapons must be second nature, you should already have a group organized, and have a route to your isolated new temporary home. But if this is the case I wish you the best of luck, because as nessecary as the information within this book is it can at some points seem a bit dry, and make it easy to think that skimming through will give you enough knowledge to survive.       On the other hand if you are planning ahead for the unavoidable, which quite honestly everyone should, the section on recorded attacks will not only possibly help you but also entertain you. This section actually tells of recorded attacks throughout the world in various times that even involve people one wouldn't guess had been involved in zombie history, such as Hanno of Carthage,Marco Polo, and Francis Drake.      Surprisingly this book is classified as humor, now don't get me wrong I do enjoy humor, what I however have yet to understand is how a book so seriously written on zombie survival is funny to some people.
0425205061|3.0|I want to say that it was one of the bits that I occasionally read in Entertainment Weekly that caused me to seek out 'Killing Floor' as I had otherwise read nothing else of the author's work, nor am I particularly usually engaged by the general \\"thriller\\" genre.<br /><br />I think that my perception of the book has been colored by the Burke novels by Andrew Vachss, which protray both a more realistic - and thus terrifying - view of certain events that take place in 'Killing Floor.'  However, from a more action-movie-fiction-y standpoint, Jack Reacher's first detailed exploits are a fairly decent read.<br /><br />Don't go into this book expecting to be dazzled by twists and turns; I don't think that there were any of the \\"mystery\\" portions of the book that I wasn't able to deduce for myself (sometimes whole chapters before the rest of the characters, all trained police or ex-police, were able to piece together).  But for a fairly decent tale where the main character mostly comes out on top, you could do a lost worse.
B0043X7WLA|5.0|This record is a must for any fan of Sufjan or good music in general. The first listen might throw you off, but give it a bit to resonate and it only gets better. This music is different, yes. But its a whole thing of its own. It is a result of that pioneering spirit that Sufjan has brought time again. I think this might be his most significant work- I'm including Michigan and Seven Swans in that. Let yourself enjoy and enter THE AGE OF ADZ.
B0037LXTUW|5.0|First of all, the game is great!   And second, for the best ever relaxing, durable fun and best ever experience - you just need to have them both, Dixit and Dixit 2! They are both awesome, both can be played separately from each other - but the best thing to do is mixing all the cards from 2 sets together and play combined!  This game is a must have one, I believe.
1401310400|4.0|If you don't watch the show, you probably won't get that much out of the book. It isn't particularly meaty if you can't enjoy the extra nuances brought out by knowing that the characters in the book are based on those in the show. That said, if you really just want a quick, easy, entertaining mystery, you could certainly do a lot worse!<br /><br />Whoever wrote this did a great job of writing it as though the fictitious Rick Castle really was the author. If you're familiar with the show, you can see the ways in which he puffs up his own stand-in character, Rook; engages in a little wish-fulfillment with regards to the chemistry between him and Nikki; and beautifully captures the banter between Kate/Nikki's fellow detectives. Thanks to the fact that Castle is in love with Nikki's strength, this in no way compromises her as a strong and kick-ass female character.<br /><br />The mystery definitely has its twists and red herrings; it gets a little confusing in a few places, but overall manages to keep things interesting. The characters are one of the highlights of the book--they engage in the same witty banter we're used to in the show, and thanks to Castle's lack of self-awareness, he still manages to convey his own character's somewhat bumbling tendencies.<br /><br />Not the best book to come out this year, but for fans of the show it's certainly a fun several-hour diversion!
B0017JKEL8|5.0|This is the best T.V. show since the Sopranos! To fully understand and appreciate it you really should start from the beginning....Season 1. And it looks SO much better in blu-ray than on T.V. I highly recommend this product!
B003JZT2AW|5.0|if you are an oasis or rock fan, you must have time flies... their singles are great, they are in a great live performance, and the video quality is awesome! very nice, buy it before it's sold out, im listening to it everyday here in Brazil!
B000G6R7B8|3.0|I have had two of these watches and both suffered from the same two problems. Firstly, they both gained a minute or so every 24 hours. Secondly they both would stop after a only about 15 hours of non-use (and therefore need to be reset). Apart from that, they look great and seem very sturdy.
B002OR18HQ|5.0|hi      i am paul micallef from malta europe , john was superb as always ,i am a great fan of john      since 70s his songs are so nice and his voice make them much niecer and even his band they are so     good keep it up john and his guitar is one of the best in the whole world           thanks and i look foward for another dvd concert
B001AQT0RC|5.0|Contact is a wonderful movie for kids over the age of 12 and adults as well.<br />Jodie Foster is an excellent actress and displays great versatility in her role.<br />Contact was originally written by Carl Sagan- who when he was alive was a leading<br />scientist and cosmologist.  This movie deals with the theme \\"Are we alone in the<br />Universe\\" and has a startling conclusion. Highly Recommended
B00007LTIC|5.0|Born in 1973, my first Yes song was \\"Owner of a Lonely Heart.\\"  I had it on 45 rpm single in 1984.  A few years went by and I'm in high school.  My older brother already had Fragile, The Yes Album, and Big Generator.  So I was loving me some Yes.  I forgot to mention 90125.  I knew of Going For The One, but I had never ventured out of the few albums I already knew.  Oh yeah, there was also the Anderson, Bruford, Wakeman, and Howe album and also Union.           Finally, after a few more years and after seeing Yes on the Union Tour where they played \\"Awaken,\\" I went out and bought Going For The One.  Oh man.  From Alan White's countoff and Steve Howe's opening steel guitar riff, it's a masterpiece.           For some reason, I preferred the 70's Bruford Yes, (Fragile, The Yes Album, Time And A Word, etc.) not the 70's Alan White Yes (Tales From Topographic Oceans, Relayer, Tormato).  I liked Alan White for the 80's stuff (90125 & Big Generator).  Don't get me wrong, I loved Alan White then, love him now.           Nevertheless, after hearing this album, it didn't matter to me anymore.  This seemed like such a big change from Relayer and Tales From Topographic Oceans.  Five songs.           The title track is one of Yes' hardest rocking tunes.  The second track, \\"Turn Of The Century\\" could be set next to the great classical composers if you ask me.  Howe's guitar work on that song, both acoustic and electric, blows me away.  Alan White plays tuned percussion instruments like crotales and tympani and it all just takes your breath away.  After that there's \\"Parallels,\\" which every now and then falls in the slot of my favorite Yes song.  There are videos of them rehearsing \\"Parallels\\" and other songs from G4The1 on youtube.com.  \\"Wondrous Stories\\" is a brilliantly written song where once again White plays tuned percussion.  I don't think I mentioned I'm a drummer, so there's that.  And the grand finale of them all, \\"Awaken.\\"  Like I said earlier, I got to see them play this on the Union Tour.  Eight people on stage.  I had never seen anything like it.  That middle part with the harp and the crotales had me in a trance.         So, I guess you could say I was a late bloomer when it came to Going For The One, but I've got my copy and it'll be in the cd player soon.
0553805371|1.0|The Grand Design by Hawking & Mlodinow is...a major disappointment.  Hawking doesn't present us with any rational scientific arguments to combat Creationism or Intelligent Design pseudo-science arguments. His diatribe rewrites the history of science without need for any supporting references. Stephen Hawking may no longer need a god to create his universe, but he certainly elevates himself to demi-god status in his blatant arrogance! A terrible book!
B00007KWHN|5.0|I don't think the members of Yes knew it, but supposedly Atlantic Records were getting ready to let them go after their first two releases.  Luckily for all of us, Yes left no doubt in the minds of Atlantic big-wigs as to just how good they could be.  I bought this album after enjoying Fragile for a couple of months.  I still remember the first time I heard the opening of &#34;Yours Is No Disgrace.&#34;  After the multi-layered intro reaches its peak, Yes starts an unforgettable groove with guitarist Steve Howe and keyboardist Tony Kaye providing intertwining melodies.  It's a very confident song right from the first lyrics.  Clocking in at 9:41, &#34;Yours Is No Disgrace&#34; was a sign of things to come as far as the length of Yes' songs go.  The second track is, &#34;Clap&#34; a solo acoustic guitar instrumental by newcomer Steve Howe.  &#34;Clap&#34; is a very upbeat song that utilizes the finger-picking style of playing.  It's so catchy, you can't help but to clap along.  It was recorded live at the Lyceum Theater in London on July 17, 1970.  Following &#34;Clap&#34; is &#34;Starship Trooper,&#34; a song that has become a staple of Yes concerts.  &#34;Starship Trooper&#34; is divided into three movements:  1) Lifeseeker, 2) Disillusion, and 3) Wurm.  &#34;Starship Trooper,&#34; like &#34;Yours Is No Disgrace&#34; is over nine minutes long, and worth every second.  The fourth track is &#34;I've Seen All Good People.&#34;  This song gets a lot of radio airplay.  The first part, &#34;Your Move&#34; is a laid-back acoustic song.  The meaning of the lyrics in the first part are the subject of some debate.  Jon Anderson uses Chess terminology as a metaphor for, some say, anti-war sentiment, being selfless, or not taking oneself too seriously.  The second part, &#34;All Good People&#34; is an uptempo shuffle with the vocals repeating the line, &#34;I've seen all good people turn their heads each day so satisfied I'm on my way.&#34;  The next track is &#34;A Venture.&#34;  It's a straight-ahead, mid-tempo, almost Beatles-esque song.  Tony Kaye leaves out synths or organs on this one and sticks to just piano, which was a fine choice in my opinion.  Finally the last song on The Yes Album is &#34;Perpetual Change.&#34;  It starts out with an intro similar to &#34;Yours Is No Disgrace.&#34;  In &#34;Yours,&#34; drummer Bill Bruford and bassist Chris Squire start the intro with their own rhythm with the others joining in with contrasting rhythms.  In &#34;Perpetual Change,&#34; Howe and Kaye start the intro with their unison rhythms then Bruford and Squire join in with a contrasting rhythm.  They come together in a medium waltz that goes back and forth into 4/4 time.  &#34;Perpetual Change&#34; is another lengthy track that's almost nine minutes long.  Yes makes great use of dynamics on this track.  The verse starts out soft and mellow and then builds back to the waltz feel alternating with 4/4.  Perhaps the most memorable and mind-blowing part of &#34;Perpetual Change&#34; is the major change that takes place at 5:09.  At this point, from out of nowhere, drums, bass, and organ immediately start playing a syncopating rhythm in 7/8 time.  After ten seconds or so, the aforementioned parts start fading down and over to the left channel, leaving the right channel empty.  Then, suddenly at 5:30 in the right channel, the band begins very softly playing the main riff.  They play a long, slow crescendo culminating at 6:24 with both channels coming together with the main riff.  So, for about a minute or so, it gets a little hectic and chaotic and under control all at the same time. Well, I'm no writer, but I hoped my review helped in some way.  As most Yes fans know, they were hated by most critics.  Critic, shmitic I say.
B001P06GX4|5.0|We love this game (Blokus Classic)! Someone please tell Mattel to bring back the Travel Version of Blokus, which I understand is a larger (normal classic size pieces) version of the Blokus Duo Game!
B00007KWHP|5.0|The reason I called Fragile a one of a kind album for Yes is that among the original nine tracks are five tracks written by each of the members by himself.  For example, Bill Bruford's piece is called \\"Five Per Cent For Nothing.\\"  Jon Anderson's piece is a waltz titled, \\"We Have Heaven.\\"  Anderson provides multiple vocal tracks on this song.  Wakeman's piece is his own arrangement of the third movement of Brahm's \\"Fourth Symphony in E Minor,\\" cleverly adapted for his synthesizers. Steve Howe's piece is a flamenco influenced acoustic instrumental titled, \\"Mood For A Day.\\"  Finally, Chris Squire pulls no punches on his song titled, \\"The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus).\\"         As if those tracks weren't enough, one could almost say the rest of the tracks are even better.  The album's first track, \\"Roundabout\\" is one of Yes' biggest hits.  My two personal favorites on Fragile are \\"Heart of the Sunrise\\" and \\"South Side of the Sky.\\"  The latter is a hard driving song with an atmospheric middle section where they deviate from the hard driving groove and settle into a swaying, swinging, instrumental groove.  \\"Heart of the Sunrise\\" is Yes at its best.  This is an epic song.  Everybody shines on this one.  Bruford's drumming goes from the most subtle and finesse touch to the fiercest tom-tom fills that set up the climax at the end.  \\"Long Distance Runaround\\" goes back and forth from a double time funky groove to a rhythmically tame verse.  This song goes right into \\"The Fish\\" with no space between.         On the re-issue, Yes' version of Paul Simon's \\"America\\" is included along with an early rough mix of \\"Roundabout.\\"  If you've never heard Yes' \\"America,\\" you don't know what you're missing.  Howe's guitar playing is some of the funkiest you'll ever hear from a prog rock band.  It's the closest Yes ever gets to being a \\"jam-band.\\"  The only thing is that on \\"America,\\" they out-jam any jam-band I've heard.  Being the age that I am, my introduction to Yes was \\"Owner of aLonely Heart.\\"  Fragile was the first Yes album I bought and it's been a favorite album ever since.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Very enlightening and makes you think about what you place into your body!It is always good to stop and think, instead of letting big corporations push bad foods in your face!
B003TXSF5C|4.0|Quantum nature of reality is literally awesome and this book helps one realize that more than any religious book in my opinion.  I enjoyed the book and will read it again to gain a better understanding of M-theory but the explanation regarding the life force in the universe is extremely sketchy.  I would like his next book to have a much better discussion about this force, but I don't see how quantum mechanics can explain consciousness.  Or maybe expand on how the universe gains self awareness thru living matter like us.
B0002234LS|5.0|my movie arrived sooner then I had expected and the quality was great, I would order from this vendor again.
B00102F5WK|5.0|The genius of a Meryl Streep is that she can easily project a character with little time on screen.  Similar kudos for Alan Arkin. Witherspoon does very well also.    This is an issue of importance and exposes torture as a real link in intelligence not just from the standpoint of reliability but from its repercussions also.    Look at Abu Ghraib and Gitmo and the success we have enjoyed there world wide.    From here on in I'm not answering my cell phone.
B003YOXINU|4.0|I'm only going to comment on the sound quality of the album.  To sum it up, the remastered version is far better than the original CD release.  The original version sounds like there is a pillow covering my speakers when compared to the remastered version.  Vocals are so much clearer (I can definitely understand more words) and the background instruments revel subtleties that are barely audible in the original release.  Treble has been cleaned up tremendously and mids are strong.  Bass levels have been boosted slightly so that if you have a set of good full range speakers you will not need a subwoofer. If you have a nice system (mine cost a few thousand) you will be very happy with this CD.
068817776X|4.0|Edith Hahn was a smart young woman living in Vienna when the Nazis forced her from her home into a labor camp.  After her release from the labor camp she assumed the identity of a Christian friend and escaped to Munich where she worked at the Red Cross.  In Munich she met Werner Vetter, a Nazi Party member, who fell in love with her and married her knowing she was Jewish.<br /><br />This was a more intellectual and mature perspective than many of the other memoirs and novels I've recently read about the Holocaust.  Edith Hahn was a very intelligent woman, she went to University and was about to sit for the bar exam when the Nazi Party began to tighten it's hold on Vienna.  Edith was politically active and makes many references to the politics during this period.  She used her skills and intelligence to become the image of the woman she needed to be in order to survive.<br /><br />Edith describes the kindness of the forewoman at Arbeitslager, the work camp in Aschersleben, Germany.  She was an unattractive woman who had been working in the box factory all her life, she was bent over with swollen elbows but she still had a smile for Edith and her friends.  She showed them how to increase production and meet their quotas so they wouldn't be penalized.  This same woman would run one of the machines so Edith or one of her friends could have a fifteen minute break every day.<br /><br />'There was no more reason for her kindness than than for the cruelty of the camp commander who had slapped Trude.  It was the individuals who made their own rules in this situation.  No one forced them to behave in and unkind manner.  The opportunity to act decently toward us was always available to them.  Only the tiniest number of them ever used it.'<br /><br />Hahn reflecting on why the Nazi's wanted the Jews out of sight during a funeral procession at Aschersleben: 'I understand now that every thing was done so that the Germans would never see us; or, if they saw us, would not have to admit it; or, if they had to admit it, would be able to say that we looked fine and would never be irritated by a sense of guilt or pricked by a moment of compassion.  I remember reading what Hermann Goring had said to Hitler:  These moments of compassion could be a big problem.  Every German probably has one favored Jew to pull out of the bunch, some old doctor, some pretty girl, some friend from school.  How would Germany ever become Judenrein if all of the these exceptions were made?  So the policy was made not to tempt anybody to behave decently, and all the while to keep us in the deepening dark.'<br /><br />This was a different and interesting perspective with thoughtful insight, recommended for those with an interest in the Holocaust.admit it, would be able to say that we looked fine and would never be irritated by a sense of guilt or pricked by a moment of compassion.  I remember reading what Hermann Goring had said to Hitler:  These moments of compassion could be a big problem.  Every German probably has one favored Jew to pull out of the bunch, some old doctor, some pretty girl, some friend from school.  How would Germany ever become Judenrein if all of the these exceptions were made?  So the policy was made not to tempt anybody to behave decently, and all the while to keep us in the deepening dark.'    This was a different and interesting perspective with thoughtful insight, recommended for those with an interest in the Holocaust.
B003YOXIVW|4.0|I'm only going to comment on the sound quality of the album.  To sum it up, the remastered version is better than the original CD release.  The overall recording is a tad bright for me with only mild improvements in the sound quality.  Yes, everything is cleaner, including vocals, but you probably won't notice many more subtleties versus the original release.  Bass levels have been boosted slightly so that if you have a set of good full range speakers you will not need a subwoofer.  If you have a nice system (mine cost a few thousand) I think you will enjoy this re-issue.  If you have a \\"home theater in a box\\" or convert the album to MP3 (or iTunes) I doubt that you will notice much difference.
1439181780|5.0|I love it! Read it twice before passing it on to someone else who can learn from it. Waiting for the DVD version. Yeah!
0307454541|3.0|As other reviewers have pointed out, the pacing of Girl With The Dragon Tattoo crawls along at a snail's pace for about the first 100 pages. However, I'm glad I stuck with the story because I enjoy a smart, original, and multi-layered mystery story. The storyline becomes more dark and twisted with the search for answers in the 40-year old mystery of missing girl and as a family's dark secrets are revealed.<br /><br />The most difficulty is the translation from Swedish language to English, but once I got into the story after the first few chapters I couldn't put it down. The storyline is complex but his characters and plotlines are fascinating enough to keep a reader intrigued to continue reading the entire trilogy. The late Stieg Larsson has written an intelligent, well-written mystery thriller and this first book in the Millennium Trilogy is masterfully done.
B002NPY7FE|5.0|It's been at least fifteen years since I last saw this movie, and then it was on some cable channel, cropped, edited, and full of commercial interruption.  Still, I sat through it, loving every minute, as THAT had been the first time since I went as a teen to see it...so I was proud to make the 25th Anniversary edition of \\"Cujo\\" one of my very first Blu-Ray purchases.<br /><br />As you all likely know, \\"Cujo\\" is the story of an affable Saint Bernard that becomes infected with rabies, and through a course of events terrorizes a woman and her young son trapped in an incapacitated car.<br /><br />Now, on the surface, that just doesn't sound like the formula for a great horror film...but if you stop there, you rob the film of it's \\"bite\\", and rob YOURSELF of a great film experience. While some belabor the 'soap-opera' qualities of the first half of the film, my opinion is that if we aren't led to care about the characters, we are kind of indifferent to their plight in the second half.  Character development is SO important, and in this case, it's used to show us how this woman pays for her sins, yet redeems herself.<br /><br />First off, you have the brilliant portrayal of the woman in question by the talented Dee Wallace (this woman SHOULD have won some Oscars down the line).  During the first half of the flick, we see her darker side as an unfaithful but repentant wife; whereas the dialogue does not play upon the matter much, her performance exudes a woman who has made a mistake, and is paying for it with the guilt she is saddled with.  When we reach the climax, Wallace takes the role to a new level, giving us first an undeniable portrait of a woman taxed emotionally to the breaking point, then of a mother hell-bent to protect her child.<br /><br />Danny Pintauro, only six at the time, delivers a tour-de-force portrayal of the young boy, bringing us physical and emotional acting chops that we don't often see in actors six times his age.  The scenes in the car are claustrophobic and chilling, and the camera work was a marvel to behold (watch for the \\"spinning\\" scene at a particular high-tension point...sheer genius).  The special effects make the friendly, jovial dog into a menacing and terrifying monster, his red eyes and slavering jowls a glimpse into the gates of Hell itself.<br /><br />Add together the confined feeling, the explosive and unpredictable rages of the dog, and the stellar acting and cinematography, and you have one of the most realistic, most relatable, and most personal horror flicks of the 80's.<br /><br />Watching it again was a marvelous experience:  the transfer is the best it's ever looked, and the 5.1 audio mix was astounding...you really feel as if you're in that car...the bonus behind the scenes feature was informative and fun to watch, loaded with little facts and trivia that make the overall experience that much better.<br /><br />For eleven bucks, you really shouldn't miss out on this tense, intimate classic.strophobic and chilling, and the camera work was a marvel to behold (watch for the \\"spinning\\" scene at a particular high-tension point...sheer genius).  The special effects make the friendly, jovial dog into a menacing and terrifying monster, his red eyes and slavering jowls a glimpse into the gates of Hell itself.<br /><br />Add together the confined feeling, the explosive and unpredictable rages of the dog, and the stellar acting and cinematography, and you have one of the most realistic, most relatable, and most personal horror flicks of the 80's.<br /><br />Watching it again was a marvelous experience:  the transfer is the best it's ever looked, and the 5.1 audio mix was astounding...you really feel as if you're in that car...the bonus behind the scenes feature was informative and fun to watch, loaded with little facts and trivia that make the overall experience that much better.<br /><br />For eleven bucks, you really shouldn't miss out on this tense, intimate classic.
B0043X7WLA|4.0|One of the better albums I've heard all year if not the outright best. And I've never been a fan of Sufjan. The last song (Impossible Soul) is a brilliant 25 minute long tour de force.
0756665949|5.0|The amazing television production of \\"LOST\\" now has a book version that will forever be an inseparable companion \\"bible\\" to it. The \\"LOST Encyclopedia\\" by Paul Terry and Tara Bennett is the \\"go-to\\" information source for all things \\"LOST\\". It contains back-story and details on every important character from the show, major or minor. The cross-referencing information is massive. And all of this information is compiled and edited in a very enjoyable and entertaining format. Beautiful photographs, graphics and pleasingly readable text make this book a true joy to read and to own. Fellow Lost fans, this is the book we all hoped it would be and is worth both the price and the time we waited for it. Thank you Paul and Tara for caring so much to create a book that will for all time be the \\"bible\\" of \\"LOST\\". We fans are forever in your debt!
B001V7UXG2|5.0|This is a great series at a great price.  Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie are some of Britain's top comedic talent.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This series of disks gives the viewer  almost all the answers to all the questions you ever asked about the earth's living creatures, other than human beings.  The photography is absolutely remarkable and added sequences portray the effort that the film makers expended in achieving just what they wanted.The planning and execution of the film are absolutely astounding. If you wish to gain knowledge about the birth, life and survival efforts of all animals spanning the earth's surface, watch every minute of this film. You will be amazed. Every child should see every minute. For children, parents have to be wary about the vivid depiction of every animal's survival efforts that include killing other creatures. Slaughter is not attractive.      Seeing the film is a must for everyone. One learns to admire how creatures survive the cold of the artic, the heat of the desert and the unforgiving quality of weather changes. It is a privilege to experience the result of such an extraordinary filming effort.
B001R6AW18|5.0|THE GREATEST SCI FI FILM EVER PICTURE A BIT GRAINY AT TIMES BUT THE FILM IS 79 YEARS AND I HEARD THE MASTER PRINT WAS LOST THE BLURAY HAS ALL THE SPECIAL FEATURES THAT THE 2 DISC DVD HAS ALL ON ONE DISC.
B001FB5634|4.0|****1/2<br /><br />It would be hard to imagine a bleaker or more depressing view of mankind's future than the one offered by \\"The Road,\\" scenarist Joe Penhall and director John Hillcoat's unsparing, visually stunning adaptation of Cormac MCarthy's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, a bitter tale set in a post-apocalyptic world that, paradoxically, comes to resemble what life must have been like for Homo sapiens in the early days of the species.<br /><br />A bearded Viggo Mortensen plays an unnamed man who wanders the world with his young son (Kodi Smit-McPhee) after some unspecified cataclysm has rendered the earth a vast, ash-covered wasteland, utterly devoid of animals and plants, where the sun and sky have become perpetually obscured by a shroud of smoke and clouds encircling the planet.  The few remaining humans have been reduced to roving bands of armed survivors who often resort to eating one another to survive.  The man and his son must constantly stay one step ahead of such people, becoming more and more isolated in a world where to trust someone or to extend the hand of friendship to a stranger could mean the end of one's own life.<br /><br />Yet, as much as possible, the protagonist attempts to rise above their dire circumstances, holding onto as much of what makes us human as he can without endangering himself and his son in the process.  He still feels a need to instill a sense of hope and basic human decency into his child, values rooted in his own memories of a time before the catastrophe, just prior to the lad's birth.  Thus, even as they are dying of starvation, Mortensen teaches his boy how to distinguish the \\"good guys\\" from the \\"bad guys,\\" and how to live by a code of ethics that may be as antiquated and useless as the dilapidated buildings and rusted-out vehicles that lay strewn across the landscape through which they travel.  But can even he tell who the good guys and the bad guys are anymore?  Or is he becoming as callous and inured to the suffering of others as those he fears and warns the boy against?<br /><br />Though \\"The Road\\" definitely doesn't sugarcoat its material, it does provide some moments of warmth and deep-seated emotion to help mitigate what would otherwise be unrelieved grimness.  These come in the form of random acts of generosity and kindness doled out to strangers the two meet along the way (Robert Duvall being one) and in moments of extraordinary tenderness between a father, who fears for what will happen to his boy when he is no longer able to take care of him, and a son who can only imagine what life was like in the time before he was born and who has implicit faith in the man who has vowed to love, guide and protect him from the hardships of life.<br /><br />In addition to the three previously mentioned actors, the movie also features Charlize Theron and Guy Pearce in key minor roles.<br /><br />If nothing else, \\"The Road\\" is a masterpiece of production design, art direction and cinematography, one that perfectly creates a world almost totally denuded of color, where all we see comes in various shades of grey (principal filming was done in Oregon, Louisiana and Pennsylvania).<br /><br />This ineffably sad and haunting film may be just too bleak for some to stomach, but for those able to see beneath the surface gloom, it offers hope that one can retain one's humanity in even the most inhuman of worlds.he fears and warns the boy against?    Though \\"The Road\\" definitely doesn't sugarcoat its material, it does provide some moments of warmth and deep-seated emotion to help mitigate what would otherwise be unrelieved grimness.   These come in the form of random acts of generosity and kindness doled out to strangers the two meet along the way (Robert Duvall being one) and in moments of extraordinary tenderness between a father, who fears for what will happen to his boy when he is no longer able to take care of him, and a son who can only imagine what life was like in the time before he was born and who has implicit faith in the man who has vowed to love, guide and protect him from the hardships of life.      In addition to the three previously mentioned actors, the movie also features Charlize Theron and Guy Pearce in key minor roles.    If nothing else, \\"The Road\\" is a masterpiece of production design, art direction and cinematography, one that perfectly creates a world almost totally denuded of color, where all we see comes in various shades of grey (principal filming was done in Oregon, Louisiana and Pennsylvania).    This ineffably sad and haunting film may be just too bleak for some to stomach, but for those able to see beneath the surface gloom, it offers hope that one can retain one's humanity in even the most inhuman of worlds.
B001NLKT60|4.0|Let the title of this review be in relation to the first installment, (...Tattoo) in that I liked it better than the first.  IMO, it moved faster, it was more engaging, it had more purpose...maybe I liked it better because of the familiarity I felt with the main characters, and the stimulating effect the NEW characters had on me.  I will admit there were parts of this book that seemed entirely unrelated whatsoever to the plot. For example, Lisbeth's island visit at the beginning of the story...what was the point of that whole ordeal? I liked the story nevertheless. There were also a few WTF moments, but I won't mention those for fear of ruining it for future readers. I enjoyed it so much that I was shocked when I got to the end, totally unprepared for the installment to be over, and enthralled enough to immediately download the next book (...Hornet's Nest).  Good read for me. Not sorry at all that I purchased it.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|there is not a bad song on the album.  very inspirational and moving.  deep, poetic lyrics and incredible instrumental.  the lead singer's voice reminds me of cat stevens.  one of the best albums i've ever bought.  i highly recomend it :-)
B002BSHWUU|5.0|This collection is like opening a musical time capsule! What an awesome, comprehensive collection of popular classics and even some less well know to the states hits.  I think you would be hard pressed to find Beatles favorites not included in this collection.     Kenneth Haft
B003TSEL7S|5.0|this is the best rick riordsn book EVR!! i mean the way that the Percy Jackson series fits into the heros of olympus series it amazing! i mean u learn even more abou the characters u know frum the PJ series.  tip: u will DEFINATLY not b able to understand this book unless you read the book that started it all: Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Theif [by Rick Riordan]  HAPPY READNGS!! &#60;3333333
B003LSTK8G|5.0|This book is a threat to my job security, because I just can't put it down. It is, simply, excellently written, compelling, and interesting. A must read!
B003XRZZFM|4.0|It's hard to say what fans will think of the newest album from Dimmu Borgir.  I personally like it, although my favorite of theirs still stands as Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia.  The band is now down to three, and the missing members stand out.  I have always liked the blend of orchestrial and metal, and in that area Abrahadabra does not dissapoint.  All of the songs are solid and well produced, but my one gripe would have to be that the vocals aren't as strong as on previous albums.  There seems to be a lot more spoken words on the album, and the screaming parts are few and weak.  Fortunately, this doesn't kill the album and it still sound good overall.  If you haven't liked Dimmu Borgir's last few albums because you felt they \\"sold out\\", this album won't change your mind.  If you like the blend of orchestrial and metal, then you'll probably like this.
B002RVZV9U|4.0|Unlike most documentaries, we will watch this over and over.  Admittedly we are fans of all three bands, but we were wholly entertained and educated by this movie.  I think it could have been improved by showing at least a few entire songs; or at least offer an extended cut on the flipside of the disc.  Basically it was too short, considering the effort to get these guys together!
155890641X|5.0|Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is one hour and twenty-three minutes and premiere in theaters on December 21, 1937. This would be the first full length animated film and the one that started it all for Walt Disney. Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs tell the story of Snow White who is the beautiful step-daughter to the evil and vain Queen; full name is never given in the movie. The Queen dresses Snow White in rags and makes her work as a scullery maid. Everyday the Queen asked the Magic Mirror who was the fairest of them all and as long as the Magic Mirror told the Queen she was one sexy babe then Snow White got to live another. One day the Magic Mirror told the Queen she was no longer the fairest and the land and that Snow White was the new beauty babe in town. This upset the Queen to no end so she devised a plot to kill Snow White. The Queen tells the Huntsman to take Snow White to the hillside to pick some flowers and to kill her and to bring Snow White's heart back as proof of the jobs. The Huntsman could not bring himself to do the job and to tell Snow White to flee and never come back. Snow White finds shelter in the cottage of the Seven Dwarfs. The Seven Dwarfs discover Snow White in their cottage and decides that she can live with them, mainly because she can make gooseberry pie. Grumpy is the only who want her to scram because in his opinion women are nothing but trouble. To some husbands and boyfriends that statement may be true.     Well the Queen finds out from the Magic Mirror that the Huntsman did not do his job and as the old saying goes: \\"if you want something done right then do it yourself\\". The Queen turns herself into an old Peddler and creates a poison apple that will make Snow White take one long nap. The Queen, now an old hag, finds Snow White and tricks her into taking a bite out of the apple and Snow White is now in snooze land. The animals of the forest rush to warn the Seven Dwarfs and it is Grumpy that leads the charge to save Snow White. TheDwarfs chase and traps the Queen to a mountain cliff. The Queen tries to loosen a boulder to kill the Dwarfs, but a bolt of lightning strikes the cliff and she fall to her death; and you the folks out there already knows the ending to the story. Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a great movie to own and get an AAAAA+++++.    VHS EXTRA    Behind the Scenes of Pocahontas
1932100660|5.0|A great book.. With more information than expected.. As with anything I read or watch I cannot say I agree 100% with every word but this book was by far in line with many of my own beliefs from my own learning..  I would highly recommend this book to anyone.<br />Linda<br />Certified Nutrition & Wellness Counselor
B002UZXJA6|5.0|Songs from the Heart by Celtic Woman is fifty-six minutes and two seconds and was released on January 26, 2010. Songs from the Heart reached #1 on the Top World Albums, #9 on the U.S. Billboard 200 album chart, #16 on the Top Canadian Albums, and #20 on the Top Digital Albums. On this album is three of the original Celtic Woman: Mirad Nesbitt, Lisa Kelly, and Chlo Agnew. Lynn Hilary has been with the group since 2008 and Alex Sharpe since 2008 but in May 2010 said she would be leaving the group to be with her family full-time. The CD contains three tradition Irish songs (there may be more, but that all I could find), two songs from animated movies and two songs from the albums of two different artists. I was hoping for more traditional songs on this CD. The CD itself is a mixture of Celtic, New Age, Adult Contemporary, and Classical. If the group stuck to one or two styles of music then I think this would have been a better CD. Songs from the Heart does not measure up to the groups past albums but it is still a good CD to listen to. Songs from the Heart by Celtic Woman gets an A-.    Fields of Gold (from Sting's Ten Summoner's Tales album)  Amazing Grace  Nl S'n L (Traditional-Song in both Gaelic and English)  My Lagan Love (Traditional)  When You Believe (from The Prince of Egypt)  The New Ground  Isle Of Hope, Isle Of Tears  The Coast of Galiia (Traditional Instrumental)  Non C' Pi (Song in both Gaelic and English)  The Moon's a Harsh Mistress  You'll Be In My Heart (from Disney's Tarzan)  Goodnight My Angel (from Billy Joel's River of Dreams album)  Galway Bay  The Lost Rose Fantasia  O, America!
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Fantastic, what more can I say, awesome series, didn't think they could get any better aftr season 1, but wow season 2 blows you away and if your a sons fan as myself & my husband are, then season 3 WOW! You will be stuck on the end of your seat awaiting the next episode!!  For Sure a winner, would recommend to anyone! Specially if you love Bikes!
B003WSFXKY|5.0|I'm gonna keep this as short as I can (however, the one (1) song that I'd pay $20.00 for may require a bit of elaboration).<br /><br />\\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" is absolutely amazing.  I played the entire disc through once (the 1st time) and wasn't overly \\"Sold.\\"  I was leaving work and popped it back in my disc player; I thought the collaboration with NAS was unique so I went back to \\"Back In Black\\".  It's a solid number on this album, don't get me wrong but then I thought, \\"Let me give this one another play \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps.\\"  I played it (from around the 2:00 point  on the track to the end) x twenty-20 (maybe more).  I pulled into my apartment complex and sat the seat back; listened to it about three-3 to four-4 more times and when I got out of my car, a woman commented, \\"Who was that?\\"  I told her (Santana) and that I had come as close to an orgasm (without doing \\"it\\") as I ever have while listening to something not LIVE.  This song is \\"that\\" electric.  Shortly after, I went to a Books-a-Million and had to see if this song was mentioned in any of the mags; I was reading in either Guitar World, Guitar Player or Vintage Guitar and Carlos states, \\"....most people at age 63 don't bring it like this.\\"  Amen, brother.  The magazine goes on to say that George Harrison's widow heard the tune she phoned him and was \\"crying and jumping for joy at the same time.\\"  That's kind of how I felt.  It's like every time I hear this song, I'm cheering \\"something\\" on; like pulling for the underdog to TKO the Heavyweight.<br /><br />This song (in and of itself) is worth ever dime for whatever you may pay for this album.  The harmonies provided by a couple of chicks I'd never heard of encapsulates why I am a sucker for the lead guitar.  I would not consider myself a huge fan of either Santana or The Beatles (probably preferring the later, if I had to chose), but this song is absolutely perfect!  Perfect enough for \\"5 Stars\\" without mentioning many of the rest.  Buy this album for \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps.\\"<br /><br />Has Santana \\"sold out\\"?  Maybe? Who cares?  If, after listening to this tune, you can give this album one (1) star, two (2) stars, three (3) stars, or four (4) stars, maybe you are asking too much?  Some people may say, \\"One song can't make an album.\\"  I disagree.  The proof is the aforementioned.\\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps.\\"      Has Santana \\"sold out\\"?  Maybe? Who cares?  If, after listening to this tune, you can give this album one (1) star, two (2) stars, three (3) stars, or four (4) stars, maybe you are asking too much?  Some people may say, \\"One song can't make an album.\\"  I disagree.  The proof is the aforementioned.
B003YOZNBK|4.0|Don't go into this movie expecting to find well developed characters and a deep/thought provoking storyline. Because, well, it doesn't have either. You know what though? That is just fine.    Sometimes all I really want is some mindless fun. A movie where I don't need to spend too much time analyzing it. Jonah Hex is definitely that kind of movie. It's like a roller coaster, it's fun while it lasts but it won't leave any real lasting effect on you.    Brolin pulls off the haunted/mysterious/bad-ass cowboy perfectly. Malkovich is what he is best at, a creepy villain. And Fox, well, she also does well what she normally does, acts sexy and keeps her dialogue to a minimum. The action sequences are well done, the gun fights are engaging, and the ending is satisfying. So yea, you could say I enjoyed this film.    A lot of people are complaining about the length of it. I am honestly glad it didn't drag itself out too long though. When there isn't much of a storyline, it's pointless to try and stretch it out to make a 2 hour film. Often times what happens is there is a lot of added fluff which just drags the film down. So even though the movie is only 80 minutes long, it's a tight 80 minutes which gets right to the point with everything, storyline, character development, and action sequences.    I would really recommend giving this movie a shot. It's fun. Just pure mindless fun.
0316069485|4.0|Let's get to the heart of it right away. THE REVERSAL by Michael Connelly is one of those books that you won't want to put down from the minute you start reading it. There is simply no good place to stop for the night, not even in those spots where Connelly has helpfully divided the narrative into parts. It brings together his primary creations, LAPD investigator Harry Bosch and defense attorney Mickey Haller, not just intermittently or accidentally, but in a major way. Dividing the narrative between the two men --- Haller in the first person, Bosch in the third --- while uniting them in the pursuit of a common goal, Connelly creates what is certainly one of his most complex, challenging and interesting works to date.    Haller, well known in the halls of the Los Angeles courthouses as a defense attorney, is floored when, during a meeting with Gabriel Williams, Los Angeles's politically ambitious district attorney, he is asked to agree to an appointment as an independent prosecutor. Williams's problem revolves around the case of Jason Jessup, who has spent almost the last quarter-century in prison after being convicted of murdering young Melissa Landy, who was abducted from her yard and found dead hours later.    When Jessup is freed after a lengthy appeal, Williams decides to retry the case, but feels it would be politically expedient to utilize someone outside of the D.A.'s office at the helm. His choice is Haller, on the theory that while Haller is a defense attorney in practice and philosophy, he will be tough but fair in seeing that justice is done. Haller agrees, but with some interesting conditions, including the assistance of Maggie McPherson --- a deputy D.A. who also happens to be Haller's first ex-wife --- as second chair in the case, and Harry Bosch, Haller's half-brother, as the team's investigator.    Connelly creates some fascinating chemistry here. The brothers often get crossways with each other during the course of the trial preparation, in part because they are so much alike; neither of them likes being told what to do, how to it, or being required to ask permission. Haller and McPherson have some philosophical differences regarding the law, and McPherson has difficulty being relegated to second-chair status given that she has much more experience prosecuting cases than does Haller, who has walked the defendant's side of the street. Haller and Williams have some serious differences of opinion concerning Haller's independence. If all of that wasn't enough, Haller is somewhat jealous over how well Bosch and McPherson work together, a plot thread that may well be explored by Connelly down the road.    Somehow they all manage to work together, and to great effect, against Jessup's defense team, which is headed by Clive Royce, a celebrity attorney who is as adept at trying a case in front of a jury as he is in grandstanding in front of the media. Haller must reconstruct a case that is over two decades old, with some witnesses dead, others missing, and new evidence that must either be dealt with or used to maximum effect. And that is where Bosch comes into play. He brings his tenacious attitude and skills to the forefront in locating the long-gone witnesses to the case, and also discovers and pursues a secondary line of investigation that is perhaps as chilling as their primary one.    Jessup, free on bond while awaiting trial, seems to be living two lives, consisting of his daytime public persona and a shadowy nocturnal one. Bosch's concern is a simple one: Jessup is a killer. He has killed in the past, and Bosch is certain that he is getting ready to kill again. The issue is not simply if Haller can obtain a conviction of Jessup for a murder that is decades old; it is if the conviction, and Jessup's incarceration, can be had before Jessup kills again.    While THE REVERSAL is primarily what one would call a \\"legal\\" or \\"courtroom\\" thriller, there is much that hinges on Bosch's investigative talents, which indeedsave the day more than once for Haller and the prosecution. There are some who may be disappointed with the ending, yet it resonates with the reader long after the tale is told. Connelly is a master at drawing out the human foibles and errors of his characters, and does so to great effect here, in ways that will no doubt resonate in future novels dealing with Heller and Bosch.        --- Reviewed by Joe Hartlaub
B002LLDTA4|5.0|For some reason, the blu-ray version of this concert is an Amazon exclusive.  This legendary concert is a must have - especially for younger viewers.  I'm just sorry that there was no combined DVD/CD set available.
B003YWUTKM|2.0|I see references to Pink Floyd here(because of Mr. Gilmour's involvement,of course),....but what I just listened to was a dance mix with BOOMING BASS BEATS and music mixed so low in the sound-field that you couldn't hear much other than those beats.    You can just about hear David Gilmour's guitar over the beats,and once in a while something \\"ping-pongs\\" around the speakers(\\"crunching sounds\\" ,inaudible voices,etc). When the music is more \\"ambient\\" and \\"chilled\\" it seems to never settle into anything. At one point an acoustic guitar piece is \\"cut-up\\" into a jittery mess that never comes into focus,except for a few seconds before it fades into another phase of this unsettled album. For me ,that's what's wrong here,...even David Gilmour's guitar never ever becomes anything but background for more overwhelmingly BASS-TONED beats.  Maybe the \\"3D\\" mix will reveal more....if I ever feel like buying this again to find-out!     Sorry all you others out there,but this doesn't even come close to any of the other ORB albums I own.  Maybe I expected more of a floating ambient album,....maybe I'll get used to what this is and love it in a few plays? But right now it's all too \\"dance beat\\" oriented for me,...and too little ever jells here to say that you've even heard much more than sound-effects under a beat. To me David Gilmour's guitar should be heard as more than just sound-effects.    Hell,maybe my disc is defective ,seeing how much others love this? I can't say I'm happy with it.
0198326769|5.0|The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas was a beautifully sad novel. I loved it so much that I have set out to find more like it (I have already found a few). I a-d-o-r-e-d this book!<br /><br />The characters were all so unique and well written that I was so sad when... something happened to some of them.<br /><br />The plot and story were surprisingly good. Holocaust is a touchy subject and it is hard to find something that really gives it what it deserves, but this definitely did. There are some really sad parts, however and be ready for a tear-jerker ending.<br /><br />I am so glad that I got to experience this novel and will definitely be looking for more like it. As of now, I am off to watch the movie based off this book!
B00005K3NR|5.0|I had seen this movie back in 1976-77 when it first came out in theaters.  It was a joy to order and purchase the movie and receive it in a timely and excellant manner and have it in my movie collection.  The transaction of  purchasing it from the seller was very good.  K. Hariri
1416955070|5.0|I am currently at a loss for words. I can't even begin to describe how amazing this book is. It reeled you in from the very start and kept the pace throughout the entire book. I am officially marking this as one of the best books I have ever read. It is lightyears ahead of most of what I have read and I can't wait to read more.<br /><br />I loved everything about this book, especially the writing. Cassandra Clare writes with such talent and detail that you felt like you were right there, aside the characters. She in a very unique way that made you feel like you had just read a chapter, but it turns out to be just a paragraph! I loved that about the book. Also, her writing makes me ashamed of my book I am currently writing, but I will learn from her writing and hopefully, it will push me to make mine better.<br /><br />It may look big and like something that would be hard to get through, but it is not. I admit, it took me a few days to read, but that was only because my personal life was so busy that I didn't have much time to read.<br /><br />I would highly highly recommend this book for anyone. Whether you be a Twilight or Harry Potter fan or anything in between, I guarantee that you will LOVE this book.
B001GAOY5U|5.0|This remake, in short, is about a man, on a quest searching for his lost brother, a Vernian (believer in the literal truth of Jules Verne's writings) who disappeared mysteriously years earlier.  Accompanying him on this quest is his brother's son and the daughter of a deceased vulcanologist who also was a determined Vernian).    I have to say, this is one of Brendan Fraser's better films.  He's still got a couple of cheesy moments in the film, however most of his acting was right on.  The character development of characters played by Josh Hutcherson and Anita Briem was remarkable.  He went from being a snobby brat to a more humane and likeable person without much character degradation.  She went from a serious, practical mountain guide without much faith in her father's beliefs to an realization that both her father's and other Vernian's views have merit and truth which she sees for herself.        The film has just enough light-hearted comedic moments to balance well with the more serious ones that invite the viewer to journey out with the characters and suspend their disbelief for a time.
0439023491|5.0|I am at a loss for words. This has got to be one of, if not the best book I have ever read. The story took off six months after Katniss and Peeta won the 74th Hunger Games, a fight to the death on live TV, and never slowed down.<br /><br />The characters remained amazing and they developed so much from the last book and throughout this one. It is amazing the hatred you can feel towards a fictional character, but Suzanne Collins doesn't make you think twice about hating President Snow.<br /><br />The plot of the story was a little strange at first, but when I realized what was really going on, I was amazed at the story. What scares me the most is that I can see this happening with the way our world is going. And that fright is so amazing.<br /><br />The ending... oh the ending. It was such a cliffhanger that I think I am going to have to go to Scholastic and protest that Mockingjay be released asap.<br /><br />This is an amazing book and if you haven't read this series yet, I recommend that you do. Your life may depend on it.
B0019NB9A2|5.0|Excellent Blu-Ray version. This is still the best 50's sci-fi thriller. Very good HD restoration. I am not going into the storyline except to say it is enjoyable movie to watch. It almost looks like 3D on my 55\\" LED monitor. The movie description fails to point out the special features that have been included on the blu-ray version such as the 1957 feature b/w movie \\"The Invisible Boy\\" and the very well put-together the making of \\"Forbidden Planet\\" as well as \\"Watch The Skies\\" and other features. Well worth it to have in your collection of sci-fi.  I am glad I bought it.
1449389627|5.0|Great book!! Intersting perspective on Innovation which inspires one to keep moving forward, continuous improvement til the \\"innovation\\" is created. Makes the concept less intimidating!
0399536108|5.0|I've read Chris for a while now and I wasn't sure what to expect with his book. It was excellent. A thought-provoking, detailed extension of the writing on his blog. You can pick it up on it's own or you can leap straight from his blog into this book. Highly recommended.
B003PIUBZS|3.0|Okay...it's art, and well-done, at that. However, it reminds me of most junk food these days: jacked-up flavor and colors to overwhelm the senses and (at least temporarily) spoil one's taste for subtlety. I hadn't seen the series on cable or even heard of it until I saw the DVD set. First, and most obvious, the show has plenty of testosterone (as another reviewer noted), which one notices even before you open the package. And, like many shows that depict graphic violence and sex, the main goal seems to be to shock and titillate in order to hook viewers. This series actually has more blood flying than Tarantino's \\"[[ASIN:B00005JMEW Kill Bill]].\\" To go with the visual and action overkill, the writing is passable and sometimes quite good, though I tend to like a bit more humor in almost any movie or TV show. Moreover, it seems to me that character development is above average for this type of show, though I doubt that the Romans and Thracians of the time looked quite so Nordic. Now, having said all of this, I sometimes like junk food (actual and metaphorical), but I doubt that I'd go out and buy the second season (which, incidentally, has been delayed owing to the illness of Andy Whitfield). This dose will last a while. My own taste generally runs more toward intelligent action films (\\"[[ASIN:B001F12J0C The Bourne Trilogy]]\\") and sci-fi (especially such new classics as \\"[[ASIN:B000AJJNFE Battlestar Galactica]]\\"). In my opinion, given the over-the-top production balanced by reasonably good writing and acting, it deserves three stars. By the way, do people really look at the \\"extras\\" included with most movies and TV series?
142311339X|5.0|Along with many other fans of the Percy Jackson series, I was a little nervous about Riordan reopening the Camp Half Blood universe: The first series had been so amazing, I was afraid that any new series would be a mere imitation.  But there is no need to worry, The Heroes of Olympus series has now promised to be a standout series in its own right.    First of all, our main hero, Jason, is no Percy-do-over.  Jason has his own unique character, he is brave and courageous, but also extremely unsure since he has lost his memory and is trying to find himself. He lacks the anxiety and rashness found in our good old favorite Percy, but still remains completely lovable.    The style in which Riordan uses point of view in this book is much closer to the one adopted in the Kane Chronicals than Percy Jackson.  He tells each chapter from the perspective of one of the three main characters: Jason, Leo, and Pipper.  This allows the reader to become much more intimate with sidekicks Leo and Pipper than the reader became with Annabeth or Grover in the Percy Jackson series.    Finally, the largest way in which The Heros of Olympus stands out from Percy Jackson is the integration of Roman mythos and culture.  As an avid student of the Latin language and Roman culture, this was quite possibly the most exciting part of this new release.  It is difficult to say too much more with out giving away spoilers, but any lover of classical mythology is going to love this extension into the Roman universe.    As a final aside, I do suggest that any newcomers to the Camp Half Blood universe read Percy Jackson before starting The Lost Hero.  While this isn't necessary, there is some background information that would be useful.    Bottom line, a great start to a new series!  This book is most definitely not designed to be a standalone novel and I am eagerly excited for the next release.
B003L20ICE|5.0|I loved this movie -- the marriage it depicts could be just about any middle-class marriage.
B002RBZ13Q|5.0|Excellent concert, setlist, video quality. A tight knit group.  Brandon Flowers is an excellent singer and entertainer.
B002ZG974M|4.0|This review is for; [[ASIN:B0041BOPHS Babies]]<br /><br />As proud parent of my 16-month old son, my wife & I enjoyed watching \\"Babies\\". The DVD has no narration. Just rotating clips of four newborns from four different cultures taken from the time of their birth to their first steps. The babies come from a barren desert in Nambia, Africa, an open-field farm in Mongola, a crowded part of town in Tokyo and San Francisco. Honestly my wife & I found the clips from Africa & Mongola to be more interesting because of the extremely, different living conditions than you might not expect from any Western living conditions. Funny clip about the goat trying to drink the baby's bathing water from the window. When you live in such open environments such as a dessert or an open field farm it was interesitng to see the babies just roam as far as they could with minimal, adult supervision. There wasn't anything special about viewing the Tokyo & San Francisco clips that looked very ordinary to me although the scene of the San Francisco baby opening and eating a bananna was very funny to watch!<br /><br />I thought it would be more interesting if the film makers could have included a Middle Eastern or Indian culture or a Hispanic culture to add more variety besides or in addition to the cultures already represented. It would also been interesting to include a culture that raises a baby in a extreme, cold weather climate such as Alaska, Canada or somewhere in Europe. As for extra's on the DVD there is a short clip of all four babies revisited three years later after they were filmed.<br /><br />Overall \\"Babies\\" is an enjoyable DVD to watch if you appreciate the innocence and beauty of young babies looking at the world for the first time!
B003XRZZFM|3.0|Dimmu Borgir has a polarizing affect on a lot of people. Black Metal purists hate them with a passion for \\"selling out\\" and like any band they have die hard fans as well. Personally, I stand in the middle of all of it. I don't hate them (calling a Black Metal band sell outs seems overwrought to me) but I also like a bunch of Black Metal bands more than them (Emperor/Ihsahn, Enslaved, Immortal, Satyricon to name a few). There has been a lot of hype and controversy around this album - on one hand some people are mad at the fact that ICS Vortex and Mustis were fired and how Mustis was fired (via text message) and on the other hand the band has been hyping this album as ground breaking with the addition of fuller orchestras, choirs and female vocals. After listening to the album it seems to me that  all that hype is just that - hype.<br /><br />I am neither blown away nor disappointed by this album because to my ears as a casual fan of the band their sound hasn't changed incredibily. There are differences sure but not so much that it changes or improves their sound drastically. Dimmu Borgir is a symphonic Black Metal band they don't expand on that on Abrahadabra or stray from it. Just maybe refine it more. This album sounds similar to Cradle Of Filth's Damnation and a Day. An album I have an equal amount of passion for. Which is to say it's alright. After listening to this album 3 times no tracks really stand out nor are there any moments that made me sit up and take notice. But it was enjoyable to listen to all the same.<br /><br />So if you are a fan of Dimmu Borgir you'll probably like this album. And if you are listening objectively you won't notice the absence of Vortex or Mustis that much. However, I would say that if you are new to Dimmu Borgir and are wanting to check them out that you shouldn't start with this album,[[ASIN:B00005A0XA Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia]], [[ASIN:B0000AN196 Death Cult Armageddon]] & [[ASIN:B000000H22 Enthrone Darkness Triumphant]] remain their best.est.
B003D0ZNL0|5.0|It's hard to find any musician with a bad thing to say about Rudolf Kempe.  In the notes accompanying these discs, Elgar Howarth is quoted as saying, \\"He was the dream conductor for an orchestral player.  He knew exactly what orchestras needed.\\"<br /><br />Certainly the evidence on these 11 discs bears witness to a rare ability to make everything he did sound absolutely natural, absolutely right for that moment in time.  He was the master of that quality that Wagner prized so highly - the Art of Transition.  Just listen to the dark-to-light transition from Scherzo to Finale in his Beethoven  Fifth: or the magical emergence of the second subject in the First Movement of Brahms Third: or any number of those difficult tempo changes in the Strauss waltzes on the final disc.<br /><br />His recordings of the complete Richard Strauss orchestral works from the 70's are justly famous and there are several examples included here, though the Don Quixote (also with Tortelier) is the earlier, even finer Berlin version from 1958.  His Wagner, too, has always been held in high esteem for its lyricism and often chamber-like delicacy.  Here are extracts from the complete recordings of Lohengrin and Meistersinger.  The former - still the benchmark recording of this fascinating transition from Grand Opera to Music Drama in Wagner's output - concentrates on Act 3: the first scene of Act 2 (the last to be written) might have done even better with its masterly conducting of the emergence of full-blown music-drama and the blistering, superbly characterised singing of Ludwig and Fischer-Dieskau.  Were it not for the somewhat dated sound quality, this Meistersinger might still come very close to a top recommendation.  Here is around half an hour of the highlights of Act 3, including a wonderful Quintet, led off by the pearl-like purity of Elisabeth Grummer's soprano.  There are also the less well known, but equally revealing  Prelude and Liebestod from Tristan and Prelude and Good Friday Music from Parsifal with the Vienna Philharmonic in top form (around the time of Solti's Rheingold).<br /><br />Kempe as a conductor of the core classical repertoire is perhaps less well remembered today, though I have fond memories of hearing many of these pieces in his time as Beecham's chosen successor as Chief Conductor of the Royal Philharmonic in the unlikely setting of the Odeon Cinema in Swiss Cottage.  Here are four Beethoven symphonies (all with the Munich Philharmonic), including a fiery Fifth and a beautifully crafted Pastoral with another magical transition from the Storm into the Shepherd's Song.  Brahms 3 and 4 reminded me a little of Boult's performances from around the same time in their masterly integration of form with style - proper Brahms, this, and never late, late Beethoven.  There are no First Movement repeats, of course - this was before the authentic brigade had got as far as this repertoire; nor is there in Dvorak's New World which shows off his great empathy with Czech music - not very New World, much more Bohemian.  This is the earliest recording on these discs and a little raw at the edges in sound quality.  That wonderful instinct with Czech music is equally evident in Dvorak's Scherzo Capriccioso and the Bartered Bride Suite.<br /><br />The Viennese lollipops on Disc 10 are engaging  and include a couple of rarities in Josef Bayer's Puppenfee ballet music and the Kolo from Ero, the Joker by Gotovac.  But the final disc of Strauss Waltzes (plus Lehar's Gold and Silver) shows the real strength of this music.  Not as self-indulgent as a Barbirolli, a Boskowski or a Kleiber pere, Kmepe makes us realise why Johann Strauss was such an unlikely favourite of Wagner - especially his masterful Kaiserwaltz which emerges here as the true masterpiece it is.<br /><br />In the Uk, this Icon series from EMI is rapidly becoming a wonderfully cheap way of acquiring a whole range of marvelous performances from the archives - conductors, singers, violinists and pianists alike.  For reasons that escape me, it seems to be much more expensive in the US.  Nevertheless,  the Kempe edition is a very special addition to the series.t escape me, it seems to be much more expensive in the US.  Nevertheless,  the Kempe edition is a very special addition to the series.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|I have always considered Mr.Follett to be one of my favorite authors.  It disappoints me to see the price requested for Kindle version.  It is fair for him to be paid according to his worth but not fair to overprice.
0316069485|4.0|I have read every one of Connelly's books, and they usually have something in them that has a twist or something unexpected.  In the case of The Reversal, there was nothing unexpected.  It was A to B to C to end.  No twists.  No \\"Wow!\\" moments.  It was just here's a guy accused of murder 22 years ago...now the Supreme Court reversed the conviction...and here's the case.  He's probably going to lose, so he shoots everyone and ends up getting shot many times himself.  Over.  That's it.  Nothing special.    I was waiting for the sister to tell someone \\"It was my step-father.  She wore that dress very often...it was her favorite.  And he did things to her...and me.  And she did something to him once and he didn't like it.  And he killed her.  And he made me promise to never tell.  Then they locked this guy up and I just left it alone.\\"  Or even if they had made it the other co-worker...the dude whose hat it was.  Something.  Anything.  Instead it was just a story...could have been any story really...of a guy who killed a girl 22 years ago, was tried, and then went nuts and killed everyone when it looked like he was going to be found guilty.    That's it.  Still a good story though...that's why the 4 stars.
B003VANOFY|5.0|I ONLY GOT THIS HEADPHONE TO WORK ONLY ONCE, AS I HAVE TO FIGURE THIS OUT.  BUT WHEN I HAD IT WORKING IT WAS A DREAM COME TRUE.  THESE GAMING HEADPHONE WORKS MAGIC WONDER AND THE SOFEWARE IS JUST SUPER.  I DID SOMETHING WRONG SO IT MY ERROR AS TO WHY ITS NOT WORKING RIGHT.  BUT AGAIN GREAT HEADPHONES!!!
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Don't think so. I'll be skipping Ken Follet's work. Plenty of other great writers not trying to gouge fans.
B003YOZNBU|2.0|Jonah Hex seeks vengeance on Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich) for killing his family and scarring his face. He thought he lost the chance when he found out that Quintin died in a fire, but it turns out that Quintin faked his death. Jonah never could take his anger out on Quintin, so now's his chance.<br /><br />Brolin is usually always good, but this movie gives him nothing to do but look angry with one bad one liner after another. While Megan Fox just plays off her looks like she did in Jennifer's Body and most of her lines are vain one-liners about how hot she is. The movie has better actors like Aiden Quinn and Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Supernatural season 1, Watchmen and Losers) in very small roles.<br /><br />But if they had longer appearances and Fox wasn't in the movie at all, I think Jonah Hex would still be bad. Jonah Hex isn't that interesting for instance, mostly do to the fact that you know he'll get revenge on the guy that did him wrong. I've seen plenty of better revenge westerns starring Clint Eastwood for instance, to know Jonah will get his revenge. Even if the film has supernatural aspects, there's nothing that separates it from any other revenge western, other than the fact that most of them are better than this.
B001B9DKCY|5.0|A tale so entertwining of people it will not let you go until the very last page. Scene is Victorian in England. Lots of fog and mist to exemplify the true story. A must read.
B0021L8V1Q|4.0|Iron Man 2 is another sequel to a comic book action film that works, and may even exceed the quality of [[ASIN:B001GAPC1K its predecessor]].  It is a sequel to 2008's Iron Man and other than James Rhodes (who was portrayed by Terrence Howard in the first film but is now played by Don Cheadle) the cast has returned.  It is hard to rave about a movie that is for the most part a simple sequel that isn't a huge improvement on the original, but on the other hand the first film was so good it's important to include Iron Man 2 as among the best comic book films to be made so far within a relatively newer sub-genre in its renaissance.  Jon Favreau directs and once again walks a fine line between serious drama and kitsch with great success.  He has to be one of the brightest filmmakers doing pure Hollywood blockbusters today.  He's a filmmaker doing what he wants and having fun with it, but making the suits very happy.<br /><br />Iron Man 2 brings the arrogant drunk arms dealer Tony Stark, whose just charming enough to like, back but under the scrutiny of  Senator Stern (played by Gary Shandling) for withholding a serious weapon; himself.  Stark is human enough to work on screen and it makes it all the more intriguing when we see a flawed personality like him make good decisions.  He is a greater hero than most casual comic book readers give him credit for and it is nice to see this franchise get this kind of outstanding treatment.  Tony's Iron Man technology is something that Stern feels could get into the wrong hands and used against the United States, but Stark quickly demonstrates that this just isn't the case. Of course the film's most notable baddie demonstrates otherwise when he shows up and attacks Iron Man himself.  He is Ivan Vanko, a maniacal super genius physicist who has harnessed some of Stark's technology to create giant appendages that can cut cars in half.  In the spirit of the comics Vanko is aesthetically an interpretation of the more obscure Whiplash and that is his name, but he is essentially The Crimson Dynamo as I remember him, and Ivan's father (a rival of Stark's father) even bears the classic villain's real name, Anton.  Either way it is a fantastic hybrid and with Mickey Rourke at his absolute best Iron Man 2 has a villain more than worthy of top praise.  Whiplash is awesome and I was openly cheering for him the whole time.  He is funded by naive and clumsy Justin Hammer (played by Sam Rockwell) who is really the archetype rich boy villain.  He's like one of those rich guys on those horrific reality shows that everyone hates with blind passion.  He is Tony Stark without the witty humor, ethics, intelligence, and style.  He's Tony Stark if Brett Ratner directed Iron Man.  Regardless, Hammer is a great villain and Sam Rockwell deserves some praise for a truly thankless performance.  All these great casting choices and I almost forget to mention that Iron Man gets some awesome help with the return of Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury, the first screen appearance of sexy future Avenger Black Widow (Scarlet Johansson) and of course James Rhodes, who becomes War Machine.<br /><br />That is of course a summary worthy of some top of the line special effects and that is what these movies need if they are going to make big money.  They get it here within some outstanding action scenes, but Iron Man 2 deserves extra praise for being a thoughtfully written film that truly puts together one of the best casts I've ever seen for roles like this.  Gwenyth Paltrow (who returns as Pepper Potts) and Robert Downey, Jr. have chemistry well beyond the standards of normal action fare and Jon Favreau himself lends some legitimate comic relief, a staple in these films, hamming it up as Happy Hogan.  This is a fantastic action film that puts all the elements it takes to make a good film in their right place.  One nitpicking might be that I wanted to see more duel screen time for Rourke and Downey, Jr., being that both actors are at the top of their game and making us forget that they are still in the midst of their respective comebacks.  Iron Man versus Whiplash is turned into a rivalry that tops all but Batman and The Joker in [[ASIN:B001GZ6QEC The Dark Knight]].  I can't wait to see what the future brings for Marvel Studios and Iron Man.  Oh, and do not forget to wait and watch after the credits for more hints toward future Marvel Studios projects.ame and making us forget that they are still in the midst of their respective comebacks.  Iron Man versus Whiplash is turned into a rivalry that tops all but Batman and The Joker in [[ASIN:B001GZ6QEC The Dark Knight]].  I can't wait to see what the future brings for Marvel Studios and Iron Man.  Oh, and do not forget to wait and watch after the credits for more hints toward future Marvel Studios projects.
B00006JDVV|5.0|Saphira has turned evil in this movie. Not a sequel to Eragon, It is dragon riders vs. dragons. Sort of a Terminator theme movie as well. Humanity hiding from monsters, this time it is dragons. I called this eragon gone rogue or Saphira has rabies, her kind is eveil in this fire storm. Christian Bale, not doing John Connor, stars as Quinn, a surivior of a deadly mine attack from dragons. It is Terminator meets Eragon
B000002J09|4.0|I've had this album on vinyl for years. Decided to get it on C.D. Sound and bass much better
B003XQRZ7E|5.0|This was a great collaboration of artists. The lyrics and vocals of Glenn Hudges was a real surprise and Bonnamassa was terrific as usual on guitar. It's more rock than blues and One Last Soul and the Great Divide were my favorites.
B003YWUTKM|4.0|Anyone expecting this to be David's next solo album is going to be let down, this is an Orb album. If you read how this album came to be, you will find it was born out of a relaxed jam session with Mr. Gilmour. Later on the Orb realized they had a bunch of David's guitar work on tape, and got his permission to make an album using it. Now we have Metallic Spheres, which should be a blessing to all who cant get enough of wonderful Floydian guitar. Listening to this album however, one feels like there was a missed opportunity. This album was born out of a jam session and for the most part sounds like it. Completely missing are the strong guitar melodies from Floyd and the excellent \\"On an Island.\\" Instead we have much simpler guitar noodling in the background, which sounds great but makes you yearn for more. One cannot blame David Gilmour for this, he was jamming in someones backyard and someone decided to turn it into an album. A truly thought out and planned collaboration between these artists would have been epic.   For the Orbs part, they do an admirable job of creating a sound tapestry to hold up the guitar recordings. Using a nice mix of both electronic and acoustic sounds, most of the album cruises by on chilled beats that cover familiar territory, including trance, tribal, and dubstep. The overall sound is staunchly old school which could be good or bad depending on your tastes.       With controlled expectations I think many fans of the Orb and David Gilmour will enjoy owning this. Its a relaxing old school techno journey.. and even a little David Gilmour is better than none at all. We should be thankful for experiments like this. With any luck this partnership will grow into something truly special.
0817439390|4.0|This is a good book, but basic.  There really isn't a lot to know about exposure.  If you already know what f-stops and shutter speeds do to your photos, you don't need it.  However, with the digital revolution, a lot of people have been taking photos letting the camera make the exposure decisions.  Often the results are excellent, but if you want to be in control, and use your camera to deliberately create the image as you see it in your mind, you need to understand exposure settings.  This will teach you that, and with many examples.      - Becky  [...]
0316044938|4.0|I finally took the time to read this book that I have had waiting for me on my Kindle for awhile.  I knew I had to be in the right frame of mind to read it.  This is a very different book.  It is based on the viewpoints and thoughts of a fourteen year old girl who had been raped and murdered and the book is from her death onwards.  Susie watches her family try to come to terms with her disappearance and death for years from her vantage point in \\"her heaven\\".  She also watches the man who murdered her as he goes on and continues to murder others.  The characters in this book are what make it so good.  They are real and fully developed, even dead Susie.  I enjoyed the first 3/4 of the book the most, and did not really care for the ending too much.  To me it left a lot of things unsettled and up in the air.  I know that life is like that-not everything gets settled and finished, but when I read a book I do like things to be settled and an ending that closes all the open plot strings.  I'm glad that I read the book.  It was very enjoyable.
B0002Z9HT8|5.0|[ASIN:B0002Z9HT8 Live Aid(4 Disc Set)  What an awesome, awesome presentation of the best music of our times!!! Those times will never come back, nor will that kind of music and the spirit with which it was presented. I'm a Boomer and saw these Dvd's at a friend's house birthday party on a huge HD screen recently (all seniors). We were all ecstatic and couldn't stop playing them over and over again. Heck, many of us had tears in our eyes. All you Rap and Hip-Hop people need to see this and take an example of what REAL music supposed to be. What Bob Geldof has produced here is beyond anyone's imagination. So elated to find this set for sale on Amazon, since I couldn't get it anywhere in the local book and/or music stores. THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!
1416550550|5.0|I absolutely LOVED this book!!    It starts of a little slow.. which must be expected in a 550pg novel. Before you know it you'll so engrossed in the characters and the mystery, you won't put it down.    The writing style is brilliant! It's three separate stories masterfully weaved together.
B003Y3BMFW|3.0|This compilation album is basically a collection of greatest hits with one previously unrealeased track (\\"Black Rain\\", which was taken from the Badmotorfinger recording sessions). There is some extra material, including a DVD of the band's videos as well as a booklet containing a biography of Soundgarden.<br /><br />I have been a huge fan of Soundgarden since 1989, but I was somewhat disappointed in Telephantasm, as it definitely didn't live up to all of the pre-release hype. It seems that this CD/DVD set was relased more to showcase the band's appearance on \\"Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock\\" than for their hardcore fans. That being said, even though it's just ok, I would still recommend this compilation to all of my fellow Soundgarden fans.
044654759X|1.0|Can not believe this was written by Sparks.  Sick plot.  Sorry for Nicholas, must have been a ghost writer.  He has lost his magic.
1439181780|5.0|The 'power' is the purloined letter of manifestation. As I wrote in \\"Jesus Taught It, Too: The Early Roots of the Law of Attraction,\\" the 'secret' and now the term, 'power' has been hidden in plain sight for all to see for thousands of years. Some have scoffed at Rhonda's simplistic formula-love. They say that is nothing new and look at what 'love power' has gotten us-a world constantly at war. What they neglect to mention is that know the 'power' and using it are two different things. However, both approaches bring manifestation. In fact, the state of world affairs is proof that the lack of love creates a reality of war, hatred, bigotry and ignorance. Clearly, the LOA works! Just because it can result in negative situations does not negate its power-it proves it.<br /><br />Any and every great Avatar, spiritual leader, and mystical organization has taught the power of love as the key-cornerstone of a fulfilled life. It has only been the lack of understanding and the perversion of this message that has created the dysfunctional world in which we live. In \\"Waking God\\" I talk about the 'god seed' within all that is beginning to grow. The power of that seed is certainly love and Rhonda clearly, simply and effectively shows how easy it is to alter our reality. \\"All that is hidden\\" is being revealed. Isn't it ironic that that the revelation is but a 'purloined letter' that has been before us since the beginning. As we approach 2012 and old paradigms die, it is the work of such people as Rhonda who will help usher in a new era. \\"Did I not say ye are gods.\\"[[ASIN:0982205600 JESUS TAUGHT IT, TOO!: THE EARLY ROOTS OF THE LAW OF ATTRACTION]], [[ASIN:1934037486 Waking God: Book One The Journey Begins]], [[ASIN:1934037494 The Sacred Rota: Waking God Book Two]], [[ASIN:1594316619 Polarizing Your Life Toward Perfection]]
B00000K501|5.0|This is Rammstein's live album recorded on video, released with the audio album on August 31st 1999.<br />This VHS is Uncensored with the performance of B&uuml;ck Dich! Which has been removed from the DVD, 11/29/99<br />Why is B&uuml;ck Dich taken off the DVD? It's fishy! If the government or record label demanded it be<br />removed from the recording on DVD after the VHS was released why then does it read, \\"Uncensored Version\\"<br />on the VHS tape? Also shouldn't the Parental Advisory Explicit Content label be removed from the DVD<br />with no B&uuml;ck Dich? I'm sure it's only a marketing strategy and there's nothing wrong with that but there!<br />I suggest you buy the VHS and DVD because there are things on both that will be missed, thankfully they<br />are not really expensive and quite affordable! DVD is the best except for no B&uuml;ck Dich! -Trey
B003R0LBVW|5.0|I'd give a lot to find and actually hear someone laugh the way Patty Berglund laughs. As author Jonathan Franzen describes it in \\"Freedom,\\" hers is a \\"loud, involuntary, whinny like laugh.\\" It's a cascading Ha-ha-ha! Patty does laugh a lot even though she's not a particularly happy person. She's a disconsolate soul looking for something but not sure what.<br /><br />Patty is the wife and mother of our middle-class family living in high town St. Paul. She's seen in the early pages by her neighbors as \\"nicey-nice.\\" Her husband Walter, Patty tells someone, is \\"the nicest man in Minnesota. \\" Their son Joey, the favored one \\"Patty could not shut up about,\\" ends up acting like a Republican and is so unhappy as a teenager that he moves next door and into the bedroom of his girlfriend Connie. Jessica is the least favored of Patty and Walter's two children even though she \\"was the more obvious credit to her parents.\\" Richard is the cool one. Walter's best friend since their college days at Macalester in St. Paul, Richard is a rock star, woman's man and the one Patty fell for decades ago and who still represents some sort of bad drug she \\"can't stop craving.\\"<br /><br />These are the main characters and this is the world of Cheever and Updike. Those chroniclers of the Middle Class are gone. Franzen is very much alive and has written a great, sprawling portrait of our times. In interviews following the release of the book, Franzen comes across to me as an affable fellow, someone to invite on a bird watching trip along a coulee spilling into the upper Mississippi. He seems like someone who may have the gumption to set out to write the great American novel. I think he might have succeeded.<br /><br />Ultimately, just as every other character in the novel, Patty is seeking \\"freedom.\\" But freedom from or the ability to do what? Perhaps freedom from want, oppression, dominance. Or maybe the freedom to be happy, successful, to feel fulfilled.  Whatever the definition, freedom involves liberty, being liberated from something. But when you think about it, liberty often comes without the baggage of responsibility. So then, freedom without responsibility really describes a state of being adrift, living without tethers but also without boundaries.<br /><br />The person in the novel with the highest order of freedom is Walter's older brother Mitch, a boozer who has walked out on his kids and been kicked out by his third wife and who is now living in a mud-stained red tent pitched in a neglected campground in the poorest county in Minnesota. Mitch's existence is a \\"litany of bad breaks and back injuries and car accidents and irreconcilable marital difficulties.\\" He keeps his savings in a tackle box containing a \\"small pile of paper money and maybe fifty dollars in coins.\\" When the tackle box gets near empty, he looks for part-time employment.<br /><br />\\"You're a free man,\\" Walter says to Mitch.<br /><br />\\"That I am,\\" his brother replies.<br /><br />Walter also recognizes that beyond breathing in and out and opening his next PBR, his older brother was \\"beyond being interested in anything.\\"<br /><br />A hundred years from now, if someone wants to know what life was like in the years right after 9/11 - what we talked about, how we felt about things and acted,  what we ate and listened to on our iPods, what we wore and drove and worried about, that someone should pick up \\"Freedom.\\" It's all there, acutely rendered expertly driven by great story telling and populated with people who come alive and grab our attention and affection. Also, there's Patty's laugh to look forward to.rated from something. But when you think about it, liberty often comes without the baggage of responsibility. So then, freedom without responsibility really describes a state of being adrift, living without tethers but also without boundaries.    The person in the novel with the highest order of freedom is Walter's older brother Mitch, a boozer who has walked out on his kids and been kicked out by his third wife and who is now living in a mud-stained red tent pitched in a neglected campground in the poorest county in Minnesota. Mitch's existence is a \\"litany of bad breaks and back injuries and car accidents and irreconcilable marital difficulties.\\" He keeps his savings in a tackle box containing a \\"small pile of paper money and maybe fifty dollars in coins.\\" When the tackle box gets near empty, he looks for part-time employment.    \\"You're a free man,\\" Walter says to Mitch.    \\"That I am,\\" his brother replies.    Walter also recognizes that beyond breathing in and out and opening his next PBR, his older brother was \\"beyond being interested in anything.\\"     A hundred years from now, if someone wants to know what life was like in the years right after 9/11 - what we talked about, how we felt about things and acted,  what we ate and listened to on our iPods, what we wore and drove and worried about, that someone should pick up \\"Freedom.\\" It's all there, acutely rendered expertly driven by great story telling and populated with people who come alive and grab our attention and affection. Also, there's Patty's laugh to look forward to.
1440503257|5.0|All you wannabe wizards and witches out there, listen up: Use your wand and point to this book in the bookstore and say, \\"Accio!\\" (The summoning spell), because you'll want this on your bookshelf in your kitchen.<br /><br />This is a bewitching brew of a book, a collection of recipes by Dinah Bucholz whom I suspect has worked behind the scenes at the Hogwarts kitchen. The publisher has wisely published this as a hardback, and gone to great lengths to give it an aged look--the paper simulates parchment printing, and the sidebars are comprised of parchment scrolls. The hardback book also lays flat, which is essential: don't you hate it when recipe books flop shut?<br /><br />Throughout the book, where specific dishes have been mentioned in the Harry Potter novels, Dinah explains the connection; for instance, in a recipe for Vol-au-Vents: \\"Mrs. Weasley is really an amazing cook. To prepare all the food for her son's wedding, especially such elegant, classy savories as vol-au-vents, is just simply, well, impressive, to say the least (see HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS, Chapter 6.)\\"<br /><br />Vol-au-Vents are puff pastry, in case you didn't know.<br /><br />What makes the recipes themselves fun is that the sidebars tell the story behind the recipe: its historical basis, and some fun facts.<br /><br />Dinah clearly knows her way around a kitchen and can ladle it out--150 recipes that cover everything from breakfast foods to after-dinner deserts, a mouthwatering selection of food that will leave you hungering for more. (The book is 239 pages.)<br /><br />If you are a cook or know anyone who is a cook and wants to try some traditional English dishes specifically mentioned in the seven Harry Potter novels, this book is a \\"must\\" buy.<br /><br />I suspect it'll find its way on Muggles' kitchen shelves worldwide, and over time their copies will be splashed upon with ingredients; it will be well-thumbed, and dog-eared, until it's worn out from use--at which time one should buy a replacement copy.<br /><br />I wish the publisher's budget had included an 8 to 16-page section of color photos, but the publisher had to draw the line somewhere as to costs. (Maybe they'll eventually relent if we all send our owls with letters saying we want color photos.)<br /><br />Even without the omission of photos, this is a first-rate cookbook, sure to please even the most finicky diner.<br /><br />Note: I did contribute an introduction to this book because I thought so highly of it.<br /><br />George Beahm, author of MUGGLES AND MAGIC, and FACT, FICTION & FOLKLORE IN HARRY POTTER'S WORLD.get had included an 8 to 16-page section of color photos, but the publisher had to draw the line somewhere as to costs. (Maybe they'll eventually relent if we all send our owls with letters saying we want color photos.)    Even without the omission of photos, this is a first-rate cookbook, sure to please even the most finicky diner.    Note: I did contribute an introduction to this book because I thought so highly of it.     George Beahm, author of MUGGLES AND MAGIC, and FACT, FICTION & FOLKLORE IN HARRY POTTER'S WORLD.
B0039208JE|5.0|The only slightly negative I have with the blu-ray copy is it's brighter than the regular DVD. I kind of enjoy the darkness of Tim Burton's movie, but the higher quality makes it well worth buying the blu-ray.<br />I'm not going to bother with the movie itself other than to say if you haven't seen it where have you been!
0765326353|5.0|You have to hand it to Brandon Sanderson, he's original. THE WAY OF KINGS is no exception. The magic is new, the world is new, the conflict is new. You'll find no elves or orcs here -- or their doppelgangers (not that there's anything wrong with that).<br /><br />Sanderson introduces the magic and construct of the world quickly and keeps building and building. Sanderson tells the story from primarily three or four perspectives, each vastly different in social station and arch.<br /><br />The book is long, but the pace is quick. KINGS draws you in relatively quickly and won't let go. The new magical elements and perspectives from different social castes greatly interested me. Many fantasy books with more familiar elements bore this reader because only the story is new (e.g., \\"oh 'Trollocs' are this book's 'orcs.' Yawn.\\"). The exposition on how familiar themes work is like watching reruns, they are successively less interesting. KINGS doesn't suffer from this problem.<br /><br />Furthermore, the characters aren't born under a lucky star (e.g., you are the chosen one destined to save the world), the characters face real adversity and moral struggles.<br /><br />One small grievance is the extent to which the heroes overcome these adversities. I don't know if all authors need to kill off primary characters, as does George Martin, but it does add a sense of danger that slowly disappears in books whose characters emerge unscathed time and time again. I can forgive knowing that the heroes will emerge victorious in this case, since I so often wondered \\"how the heck is he/she going to get out of this?\\" This made the ride a lot of fun.<br /><br />Overall, it was a great book, and since Sanderson writes so quickly, I can fully recommend that you jump onboard now for what will surely be a great series.
B00008CLOA|5.0|I've still got the original record. Then I bought the 20th Anniv CD.  Now I've got the 30th Anniv disc in 5.1. Wow - WOW!!!!!! The way it should be heard, sublime.
B0013N3DSE|5.0|Arrived on time (even a few days early)I am pleased with service & condition of item
B003YWUTKM|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I love The Orb, and I love Pink Floyd. You would think that mixing the two, you can't go wrong. Unfortunately, the CD does not live up to the WAY WAY WAY high expectations I had, so, it's partly my fault for expecting so much more. I was expecting the usual trippy, detailed effects-laden creepy-crawly and out-there stuff from Patterson laced with the jaw-dropping inspiration guitar from Gilmour throughout the whole 50 minutes or so of the CD, pushing the boundaries of what can be done when these 2 masters of their respective genres got together. But it's not. It's a much more relaxed, toned down chill-out snippets of what I expected. There are, of course, plenty of elements of what we know the two of them to be capable of doing, but it's nearly not enough. I just wished there would be so much more awe-inspiring stuff, but my reaction was more along the lines of \\"meh, OK\\" in the end, because there are not enough memorable bits that stay with you a long time, not enough of those amazing moments we know they're both known for. Perhaps I need to chill out a bit and not be so up about it.
0553805371|5.0|Another excellent job by Hawking, and Mlodinow!  Now if someone could just paraphrase it for those of us who like our answers simplified.... ;)
0765318741|3.0|The story is actually very good and entertaining and well written. I give all the kudos to it. It was a very unique and in depth story that ended way to soon.<br /><br />The big problem is that halfway through, the story just ends. Your done by an abrupt ending and are left thinking \\"wtf? was that the end?\\"<br /><br />Of course that isn't the end there is still half a book to read... Only problem is that half the book has nothing to do with I Am Legend. It is a series of crappy short stories.<br /><br />So in conclusion to my ramblings it is a good story that is way to short and the ending is abrupt and very poorly done. So many strings were left open. It suffered the fate of so many movies and books... bad ending. I don't know if there is a sequel to this, but if there is that could help clear up the confusion.
B001ILFUD2|5.0|I was surprised on how fast i got this item and it's in great shape thank you!
0316077054|4.0|Lena and Ethan have lived through the day that they had been dreading for months, Lena's sixteenth birthday, but not without some sacrifices. With Macon's death, Lena is depressed and lost, and there doesn't seem to be anything that Ethan can do to help her, despite his own experiences with grief. Then Lena begins pulling away and taking risks, and Ethan, still not aware of what really happened to him the night of Lena's birthday, can't understand why. So he digs deeper into Caster lore and his mother's research to look for a way to save Lena and what they have before it's too late. But once you've entered the Caster world, you can never go back, and some secrets Ethan uncovers will put him and everyone he loves in far more danger than he can imagine.    Beautiful Darkness is a very detailed and layered sequel that won't disappoint fans of Beautiful Creatures. Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl's world is vivid and rich, with an old south backdrop, lore, and traditions--the setting is really what sets their work apart from the endless options in the paranormal genre. Though it picks up where Beautiful Creatures leaves off, the book covers a good amount of time as Lena and Ethan struggle with conflicting feelings about the night of Lena's birthday, the consequences, and the grief each are experiencing. Ethan's voice is especially strong in this installment, as he has to stand on his own and discovers a whole new world right beneath his own nose. Garcia and Stohl also introduce a few new characters that add new tension between the main characters and open the way to new, surprising secrets about Caster powers and the battle of Light vs. Dark. All the twists, secrets, and surprises culminate in a journey through the Caster tunnels and a suspenseful showdown between family members that will leave some dead, and some very much alive. There might be some confusion as to who is left standing at the end, but one thing is for certain: this story is not over, and readers still have another deliciously thick and dark gothic book to look forward to.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|This book is well over 700 pages, and so the Kindle version is so convenient!!  I don't actually have a Kindle, just the free iPhone app, but I use it all the time...and this book was one of my first purchases!!  This book is such a quick an easy read, and with the Kindle edition, you are able to put in your purse or pocket and take it where ever you want to go!!  I actually used to read it in the dark while I was up feeding my newborn in the middle of the night!!  I highly recommend this item...especially since the new movies for it will be out next year!!
B003TJ4YU6|5.0|Watched ED when I was young and enjoyed it.  What memories and the Best with the classic Beatles. Clearly my favorite group
B0000024UZ|1.0|This is not a slam on the seller but on Amazon.  I ordered 5 titles that were advertised to be in a mini-disc format.  All of the other sellers cancelled except this one when they saw it was really a cassette.  They said Amazon improperly identified them as mini-discs.  Cassettes are a useless format these days and I probably will never listen to this but it's too much trouble to return it.    Kjacks
0545123283|3.0|I loved Shiver.  I pre ordered Linger 6 months in advance form Amazon.  I was so looking forward to the sequal.  I was a bit disappointing.  Shiver I couldn't put down, Linger I really could.  The characters outside of Grace and Sam are hard to like.  The book is boring and tedious at times.  I am interested in seeing where the third takes us.  I hope it is more interesting than Linger.<br />My biggest complant though is the GREEN FONT.  It drove me nuts reading in the colored ink.<br />I probbaly would have given it 3 1/2 stars if it was an option.  Siver was such a wonderful read, I felt let down with Linger.
B003ELOQCU|5.0|El producto es espectacular, creo que en cuanto a U2 es lo mejor que se edito hasta el momento, lastimosamente para un viaje tan largo para este boxset, el embalaje es muy pobre, la caja llego daada y un poco golpeada, por lo demas dentro de la caja todo bien, amazon deberia cuidar este aspecto, mientras mas largo el viaje del paquete, el embalaje deberia ser mejor, y si no un par de dolares solucionarian esto
B0034JKZ86|5.0|This was a phenomenal movie. I truly believe this movie will be entertaining for all audiences. I am an active duty military 24 year old woman and I love this movie. I love the music, the action, and suspense. I WON'T give any spoilers. But you won't regret this purchase.     Princess and the Frog is a movie for the family, friends, and everyone in between!    Philly
B00029QWII|1.0|As with many that saw this film for the first time, I attending the screening with my church group. I had questions about going but being on staff with a church, the leadership was encouraged to go to help with questions our congregants might have after seeing it. (None of which materialized other than comments of the gory screenplay.)  I must say that I was truly offended by the gore and graphic nature of the telling of the atonement. The film left me feeling disturbed and uneasy as I left the theatre. I hear Christians talk about not putting graphic images into our minds that are prevalent within movies of the modern era but then turn around a praise the visuals presented in The Passion.  Personally, I do not need the graphic, over the top visuals to understand the sacrifice that was made for mankind. There are good depictions of the life and sacrifice of Christ on film that are excellent that do not resort to this film's shock tactics. The DVD series \\"Matthew\\" is just one example.<br /><br />I will admit to one scene being done well in the film: The garden scene where Jesus confronts the serpent. The visual interpretation was excellent but not enough to save the film. I also like the original language score as well but recognize that for most, subtitles are difficult to deal with for a full length feature. Can I recommend this film? Absolutely not. Is it a good study of the atoning sacrifice on our behalf? No again. You want to know what was accomplished, read the Book. The film made boatloads of money for Mr. Gibson and it was his name and the controversies that fueled the success, not necessarily the content or presentation.  I truly believe it could have been so much more than what we received.
0399156577|5.0|I am a huge Nora Roberts fan!   I loved this book!!  I am a total dog person and I found this book so entertaining and informative!  I loved reading about search and rescue dogs and about how they follow scents...  Nora Roberts does a great job of writing romance that aren't to romancy if you know what I mean.  I love that she always has a little mystery and suspense in her books....  If you are a Nora Roberts fan this is a must read!
0525951652|1.0|With the reviews coming in mostly at 2 stars or below, one would think that the price for a Kindle version would drop. It is outrageous to think that it costs more to send it electronically than to print and bind a hardcover book. I give it 1 star only because of the Kindle pricing.....haven't read it, would like to, but won't until the Kindle price drops.     Common sense needs to prevail here. I don't think we (Kindle owners) expect to see the price, in all reality, be less than $10, but I feel that @ 25% (at least) below hardcover price is reasonable?? More books sold at a reduced Kindle price = more profit, than none sold at high Kindle price!!!!!!      Have read all Ken Follett's other books and enjoyed them and recommended them, but........... Don't know if I can do so now.      Hope all publishers read and hear the outcry by many over sky high Kindle prices and let reason prevail!!
1439181780|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much that I bought another one and sent it to my grown daughter.  Her daughter is only 8 but reads at a 12 grade level; my daughter wants to have her 8 year old read this book and feels that she will understand and get a lot of insite frome it.
0823023494|5.0|I got the book much earlier than anticipated so I was anxious to dig deep into its contents. This book didnt disappoint one bit. It really gave me inspiration to create designs I would never think possible. The way the chapters are laid out make for a very nice flow of information that builds in excitement as you apply your different techniques.     I recommend this book for anyone who is serious about character design, whether for comics, cartoons, or games. This book is a winner!
B001C4AFOY|4.0|The Young Victoria is a visually stunning film. I can see why this film won for Best Costume Design at the Oscars eariler this year. Emily Blunt steps bravely into the role of Queen Victoria, what a beautiful actress - inside and out! Blunt is pure perfection and what a progressive stretch from the role she played in The Devil Wears Prada, proves she has amazing range. The romance between Victoria and Prince Albert is highly admired, the ending is sad but overall - I liked this film...enjoy!
B002VPE1XE|4.0|I found this camera case very durable and useful. It has many zippered pockets where I can put memory cards or cords. Additionally, the camera compartment is well padded and roomy. You can easily fit two small cameras in here.
B00070DK1E|5.0|Crest of a Knave is one of Tulls' best albums and the cd version here had some extra tracks on it.The music is great and the vocals clear and with relatable lyrics.
B0008KLVG4|5.0|I had this one in VHS format back when it came out for it's 20th anniversary, but my VCR has finally gone the way of all the earth, so I decided to replace my video library with DVD versions. My wife and kids were watching the History Channel's \\"Shark Week\\" and were inspired to see JAWS again, so we were motivated to get this DVD version. It's still among our favorite thrillers and we're very pleased to have it available to view again. It's just as fun watching all the speacial features, too.
0756405890|3.0|I made the mistake of reading this book after reading The Way of Kings by Brandon Sanderson (which is now one of my all-time favorites). In comparison I feel like The Way of Kings was much more exciting and interesting, hard to put down and epic.     This book was interesting, but I felt disappointed at the end. I wanted the story to go somewhere and answer my questions. I feel like it was a lot of exposition and more exposition and I still don't know who Kvothe is (the elder Kvothe). There is no sense of true danger because the character is telling the story himself from a point in the future. The sense of doom is only vague and not established enough for my tastes. Of course, I've also been reading The Wheel of Time, which is all about sense of doom, so maybe it's just too subtle for me. I'll have to read this book again in a few years.    This book leaves me wanting more, and not in a crazed-fan way... more in the sense of getting top sirloin when expecting filet minon. The author raised a lot of questions and made me want to read the next book to find out what happens and this in itself is a success. In the end I did enjoy the book. I thought the writing was clever and the author used some interesting writing devices. And yet, much about the story was cliche... why must all fantasies happen around a tavern or bar? Typically stories begin in the tavern but this one seems to END in the tavern and be told FROM the tavern. How can there even be a big epic happy ending if the main character ends up as a barkeep? But since the story of Kvothe telling his story also follows its own plot, maybe the author takes us farther into the future as well, in the end?    Honestly, I don't know what all of the fuss is about this book, do people just like it because the Penny Arcade guys like it? The book is worth a read if you like general fantasy, but I'm not so ecstatic about it that I have to tell everyone to read it.    Needs more action and romance, IMO.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|So, I was so late to jump on the Glee bandwagon. Everyone kept telling me to watch it, especially my father! He & his wife watch it every week & he kept telling me how funny it was. Until last Wednesday I had never even seen so much as a preview of the show. My roommates had rented one of the dvd's from blockbuster so I sat down to watch it. Love at first episode! I then proceeded to borrow the first season from a friend on Friday night & by Sunday night I had watched the entire first season. I could absolutely NOT STOP WATCHING. I am HOOKED. I laugh, I cry. It makes me feel like the best kind of bipolar. I am in love with the entire cast & the music is fantastic. I just watched the 4 episodes of season 2 that I missed online & am now completely up to date. I just bought the entire first season last night & cannot wait til it gets here so I can give my friend hers back. Definitely so pumped to see what season 2 brings! I am officially a Gleek!
B002VECM6S|5.0|Sandra Bullock has always been a favorite.But Quinton Aaron's stellar performance totally blew me away!  There absolutely cannot have been a better choice than him for the role of Michael Oher.    He made the mother in every woman reach out in compassion for a child in need.  The movie moved me to tears. Aaron obviously  called on his personal experiences   to bring the innocence and pain of  Michael Oher to life.    I cant wait to see this young star rise and shine!! All the best Quinton Aaron! God be with you
0590454951|5.0|This is a great book to teach children about fractured fairy tales...one of the genres that will have to know about in school. I love this book and so do my students. It's funny and teaches all at the same time.
0525951652|5.0|This is a great story and I was fascinated by all the different characters.  Mr. Follett has thrilled me once again with his storytelling.
B003TML0VO|4.0|Some reviewers seem perturbed that these songs are not, in their opinion, \\"the greatest guitar classics of all time\\".  Who cares?  It's an album of covers.  It's Carlos Santana and a host of talented people.  Consider what the album is instead of what it's not.  The high point is \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" with Yo-Yo Ma, and a heart breakingly beautiful vocal by India.Arie.  I particularly like \\"Photograph\\" with Chris Daughtry, \\"Smoke On The Water\\" with Jacoby Shaddix (slamming gutar chords that depict the anger implied in the lyrics, and a vocal style reminiscient of Ozzy Osbourne),  \\"Dance The Night Away\\" with a strong vocal by Pat Monahan, and \\"I Ain't Superstitious\\" with Jonny Lang. Two songs, \\"Can't You Hear Me Knocking\\" with Scott Weiland and \\"Under The Bridge\\" with Andy Vargas, seem to be sort of paint by numbers remakes.  I must say I do not care for \\"Riders On The Storm\\" with Chester Bennington and Ray Mazarek (everything that makes the original so good is absent from this version), or \\"Bang A Gong\\" with a sleepy vocal by Gavin Rossdale.  Carlos and Joe Cocker make a good effort on \\"Little Wing\\" but don't quite pull it off. The other tunes are Santana versions of great records.  Carlos Santana is simply one of the greatest guitarists of all time.  Anything by him is better than most of the popular music out there.  Just think of it as \\"covers Carlos Santana wanted to record\\".
B003TSEL7S|5.0|This book is a fantastic novel and will keep readers on the edge of their seats, nonstop.  Rick did an amazing job coming up with the plot of the book and was surprizing me down to the very last sentence.  I recomend this book to everyone, it is a fantastic read but if you haven't read all five of the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series then I highly suggest you do because they hold some key information you will want to fully understand this book.
0060899220|4.0|I love Anthony Bourdain and this book was a great insight into his beginnings in the world of food and before his fame on the Travel Channel.
B002RAREAK|5.0|they look nice, have not used them as they were a gift. she likes them and uses them a lot.
088708155X|2.0|I ordered this book to read to my 2nd graders and I was a bit surprised when I saw that the book was only 4\\" tall. A bit hard to read to a class when its a miniature book. Next time, make sure that the size is correct. The title being noted- MINI- like other sellers would have been helpful.
B000056K04|4.0|The music on the CD is great. This was a different direction for DMB. Definitely more of an adult-alternative sound compared with the jam band sound most fans preferred. However, that doesn't make it a bad CD. What makes this CD a little hard to listen to is the fact that it's completely compressed and the sound quality is garbage. If you don't believe me, check out any of the band's older albums. This is, by far, one of the worst mixing jobs I've heard on an album. Yet another album that could have been 5 stars had it not been for Chris Lord-Alge and his obsession with compression!
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|This is actually a very, very great pop album. It's a quick, fun listen that has absolutely no filler tracks. (plus, the boys can actually sing very well!)    The show is fun, so it's a pleasant surprise that the CD is this good. If you like one track, chances are you'll like the rest. Highly recommended for anyone who likes manufactured pop at its finest!    Best tracks; City is Ours, I Know You Know, Big Night
B0012Q732O|4.0|I passed up this film many times because I had heard really bad reviews on it. Last week I found it on here for 3 bucks through Prime so I figured why not give it a go. It's not historically accurate but if you take it for what it is ( just entertainment ) then it's really not a bad film. I wouldn't pay full retail price for it but if you can get it for a few bucks on here I say it's worth a watch.
0060989157|3.0|What happens when you put together four underdogs hellbent on taking the music world by storm? In spite of selling a lot of records, playing in front of huge audiences, sleeping with every groupie and straying wife, as well as taking every drug imaginable, actually very little.  Between Vince's drinking and womanizing, Nikki's drug use and family issues, Mick's depression and passivity, and Tommy's flashy party boy antics you'd think you could put together an entertaining book. Wrong. The Dirt is actually written in sort of a memoir format with each band member taking on a few \\"chapters\\" along the Motley Crue timeline. So in essence the book is like reading the inner thoughts of four people who's inner thoughts I found myself not giving a crap about. It's almost unbelievable that the over the top, gratuitous sexuality, drug use, and interpersonal conflicts fall so flat on the page. I guess you had to be there. Perhaps had the book been written as a biography it might have been more successful in conveying the intensity seemingly intended. The band members also wind up coming off as pretty unlikable guys in spite of their repeated assertions about how admired they were. Clearly the members of Motley Crue have all struggled with their own personal demons, but it seems like Nikki, the glue of the band, is the one who walks away with even a shred of self-awareness and insight. In fairness, the chapter on Vince's daughter's medical problems is incredibly moving, probably the most gripping of the book of all things! But his DUI and (SPOILER ALERT) subsequent incarceration for manslaughter never feel like they get the attention and perspective they deserve, at least in the book. I have to admit I am not really a Motley Crue fan; liked a few songs from the Shout at the Devil days, but I heard the book was a solid read, and truth be told was curious about the behind the scenes goings on of the L.A. rock scene taken to the national stage. Yet I wound up feeling like I was reading more out of obligation, just trying to finish it. This book may in fact be The Dirt, but left me wanting to dig into something far better.
0887307280|5.0|This is such an excellent book. It's so important to understand that you must design a business to work without you or you really don't have a business. You end up working yourself to death if you can't duplicate what you do.  Many people go into business because they don't want to have a boss and end up working harder. This book really shows you how to enjoy a business and get the most out of it. To see the big picture. Very well written and inspirational.
B003PIUC02|5.0|This is one of the best mini series of it's kind that I've seen in a long time, it is awesome. Very sexual and  filled with greed,betrayal,love, sacrifce, and loyalty. This is worth every penny and will keep you excited to the very end.
B001EN71CW|5.0|The new format on bluray makes the selection easier, faster , or playall for the episodes
B001DHXT2A|5.0|Comic book heroes always have huge followings, fans who have read every comic cover to cover millions of times. It is pretty accurate to the comic series. If you are a die hard hulk fan you will be disappointed for a few changes. Most are for the good of the film tho. Somethings obviously changed for movie, or audience.<br /><br />This film with its special effects, and the exceptional acting (Ed Norton, Liv Tyler,etc) make this worth having in your collection, and defiantly worth watching.<br /><br />Most of the film is okay to watch with kids(ages 6-up). I still had to ask my six year old to close his eyes a few times cause' parts scared me..lol As a family we enjoyed it.
B0025VLELQ|5.0|They could have made it better but for whatever reason wanted a  B movie that I watched on a Saturday many times growing up.  They did get this ready for bluray played excellent on my 65\\"
0553805371|5.0|A fascinating history and exposition of the origin of the universe.  An introduction to quantum physics, M theory, and  classic relativity concepts.  Would have done better with a few equations-- it takes entirely too long to explain  some concepts with text alone. And sometimes the humor is not relevant. Would recommend it to the serious reader.
0316098337|4.0|This book had a real story to tell...a sad,tragic story. It was also a book of survival and the power of love between a mother and her son. She gave her son a life when he really didn't have one. He was not aware of the \\"real\\" world, but his mother gave him a world of his own in which to survive. In giving her son a life, it helped her to cope with her unimaginable situation. I often found it hard to put the book aside and I kept reading and cheering for the characters survival!
0345505387|1.0|I thought \\"Echoes of the Bone\\" was the very last book of this series, then a friend informed me that a new book was coming out from \\"Jamie's\\" perspective. I immediately ordered it thrilled for another good read. I told my sister and she said \\"you'll be sorry, cause it's a hard covered comic book\\". I felt sick, so I emailed Diana Gabaldon's web site, the response I received was.. don't judge it til you see it. So when it arrived I opened it in the middle of the book, and sure enough it was a hard covered comic book. I promptly closed the book and sent it back. The book is tacky, the end.
B000EGCITG|5.0|I love this CD, there is not a bad song on it.  From stupid girls to the duet with her father, what more cold yo ask for......not much.  I am truly ticked Pink!  This was son unexpectedly delightful, i did not know about her until I was picking out my October tunes.  So fabulous and I will be buying more of this amazing artist.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|This is by far the best tv show and boxset ever to have existed! Im basing the main review on the actual boxset which is full of surprises and looks sooo good! The outer box it comes in looks great, with all the peoples names and picture of the plane in the middle of the box! then you open that up and find the actual set with everything in! The sleeves the discs are in look classy, the fact they hid the bonus disc is is awesome and that you have a light to search for a clue to find it and the light reveals other stuff in and around the set. There is also a kind of hidden note which provides you with a code to use on the bonus disc! The contents of this set are amazing and the set looks incredible! Im from the UK and the UK boxset is very poor compared to this one! If from the Uk and buying this set you will either need a multi region dvd or need to replace season 3 and 4 with region b discs as they are the only two seasons region coded! All other seasons and bonus disc are region 3!
B00028HBKC|5.0|Although the symbolism in this movie was at times way off in terms of being Biblical, My family and I watched it on the Day of Atonement.  For us it brought home even more the depths of God's love for us, in that He truly gave His Son for our salvation.  What a sacrifice Christ made!  I am so deeply honored, indebted, and completely humbled by the magnitude of His sacrifice.  This movie is a must see for anyone who even wants a glimpse of what the Savior went through so that we could all received salvation.  Watch it while reading the Bible.  Pray before and pray afterward and allow God to bring healing to your heart, your soul and your mind.
1595141715|5.0|I can not understand how anyone could give this book less than 5 stars! Absolutely in a league of it's own. I've never read anything like it and I kind of hope I never do again. From page one I was hooked and heartbroken, by the last page I was still heartbroken, but this time because it was ending. This is a fantastic MUST READ!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002KIK|5.0|A must have for the die hard Black Sabbath (w/Ozzy) fan that want's to complete their collection.
B003TML0VO|2.0|It worked on 'Supernatural' (to an extent), but it's time to move beyond collaborations with other artists; 1/2 of whom I'd prefix with \\"so-called\\".<br /><br />If Carlos cant say anything anymore by himself, if he has run out of steam and ideas, then hang up the guitar.  Why not buy out a hall in Vegas, and play nightly to aging hippies; that's what Tom Jones, Wayne Newton, Liberace, Engelbert Humberding, Copperfield, Lance Burton, Celine Dion, did.  Had Morrison, Joplin, Hendrix or Elvis been alive, they would've been playing to a half full 500 seat auditorium in Vegas to a bunch of tourists.  Alas, they died, and became instant legends.<br />Had Santana died after the original 3 albums, he would've been the James Dean of Latin-Rock.  But fate had other plans for him.  Jazz-fusion in the 70's, drum-machines in the 80's, irrelevance in the 90's, and resurrection with 'Supernatural', and then back to self-indulgence and self-mockery.
142311339X|5.0|NO SPOILERS IN MY REVIEW *SAFE TO READ*<br /><br />If you liked the Percy Jackson and Olympians (PJO) books, and you loved that world and everything about it... You're going to have to take some time to adapt to this world.<br /><br />Likes:<br />- A few of the characters are way more developed than the characters in PJO.  They are likable in their own way.  I don't feel like comparing them to Percy is fair, as far as their personalities, because they are all different (with the exception of a few qualities)<br /><br />- (I'm going to avoid going into detail because I believe this is a big part of the book and the other review spoiled it) The worlds are different.  Everything becomes a bit more difficult and opens up a nice plot line, the plot of the whole series.  That's why I feel this is a very interesting beginning, that I'm hoping Riordan doesn't mess up int he next book.<br /><br />- Questions that you may or may not have had are answered (I didn't have them, but some people may have).<br /><br />Dislikes:<br />- The jumping around of characters takes getting used to.  To note, typically each character gets 2 chapters in a row before jumping off to a new characters's perspective.  Around page 200 I got used to it.<br /><br />- One of the characters, in my opinion, is underdeveloped which is a shame because he's one of the main characters.  I'm hoping Riordan fixes this by the next book.<br /><br />Overall:<br />I liked this book.  If you're looking for everything you loved in PJO, you're going to happy by the end but maybe a little disappointed.  However, the only thing I'm disappointed is the long wait for the next book.<br /><br />Enjoy!
044654759X|5.0|I couldn't put it down! I was hooked after the first page. Definitely a must read for any Sparks fan.
B000LXH0AE|4.0|I really love this movie. The soundtrack, the characters, the dialogue. I am not a huge Will Ferrel fan, but this movie is so great. While the extra features on this DVD are pretty great, the actual packaging that the DVD comes in is blah. No inserts or anything. I feel like a lot of movies are being released without inserts lately.
B002ZG99CC|4.0|This movie was a very pleasant surprise. I thought I was going to hate it because I don't generally favor remakes. I mean, come on, it's just too easy. Just how creative do you have to be to remake a movie? All you have to do is follow a basic template, tweak it a bit and you got a remake.<br />Anyway, things I didn't like right away. The movie makers had a political agenda, either because it's their own agenda or because China told them they had to film it that way in order to be allowed to film in China, you know state controlled media? What comes out has to make them look good. Beijing  was shown as beautiful and clean, everyone in the street and park were smiling and blissful. There was no smog. The place our young hero arrives in is a Utopian home away from home and so painfully diverse in culture you have to wonder if the family had actually wandered into a Progressive day dream. When Dre shows up for his first day at school the first thing I pointed out to my kid was that in China there is no way you would see so many white kids. My child, either wise for his age or actually paying attention when I talk to him about movies, said, \\"Well, it's a movie Mom, so it's not the way things really are right?\\"<br />I had to agree and be satisfied that I was doing my job well enough and that my kid isn't being completely brainwashed by Hollywood. But I had to point out last of all that the red flags and red stars that were so glaringly in your face were symbols of China and communism. I thought it was a good opportunity to explain and reinforce the differences between our form of government and China's. The movie gave a few examples that I could use to make my point such as, police officers standing on sidewalks.<br />All that aside, this movie is fantastic!!!<br />Jaden Smith looks just like his daddy! We own every movie Will Smith ever made and have probably seen several of them dozens of times. We love Will Smith and I saw Jaden make many of the same charming facial expressions and line deliveries as Will does in his movies, it was like watching a mini Will. The kid is just adorable and incredibly talented for a child actor. He was not only comfortable in front of the camera but it was like he knew how to work it too. Wow, is all I can say. The world will be looking at Jaden with extremely high expectations.<br />My kid went into a Martial Arts class about a year ago for the same reason Dre wanted to complete his tournament, so he didn't have to be afraid anymore. My kid saw a lot of himself in this movie. He asked me to buy it for him for xmas so it has his approval. At the end of the film I wanted to stand up and applaud but honestly I was exhausted! My kid and I had been bouncing around on the couch cheering and booing as if we were at the tournament. The final victorious moment saw us with our fists in the air above our heads screaming \\"Yah!\\" and \\"Woohoo!\\" (One of the biggest reasons we like to watch our movies at home instead of theaters. So we don't disturb others with our noise. The second biggest reason, to talk about the junk thrown into movies that shouldn't be there.)line deliveries as Will does in his movies, it was like watching a mini Will. The kid is just adorable and incredibly talented for a child actor. He was not only comfortable in front of the camera but it was like he knew how to work it too. Wow, is all I can say. The world will be looking at Jaden with extremely high expectations.   My kid went into a Martial Arts class about a year ago for the same reason Dre wanted to complete his tournament, so he didn't have to be afraid anymore. My kid saw a lot of himself in this movie. He asked me to buy it for him for xmas so it has his approval. At the end of the film I wanted to stand up and applaud but honestly I was exhausted! My kid and I had been bouncing around on the couch cheering and booing as if we were at the tournament. The final victorious moment saw us with our fists in the air above our heads screaming \\"Yah!\\" and \\"Woohoo!\\" (One of the biggest reasons we like to watch our movies at home instead of theaters. So we don't disturb others with our noise. The second biggest reason, to talk about the junk thrown into movies that shouldn't be there.)
B001EN71CW|5.0|This is well worth the money if you are a fan of the series.  I have the DVD set and had watched it prior to getting and watching it in Blu-Ray.  Picture quality is much better than the DVD version.  Picture is very crisp and sharp, which helps in seeing the actors faces and the emothions they are showing you.  Sound quality is good.  The bonus feature are interesting when you decide to watch an episode for the 2nd time.
1932100660|5.0|Read this 2 years ago and it's amazing how far it's gone. I became vegetarian with a very meat loving husband but eventually he gave up meat a few months later. While I was fixing all the veggies he had become so used to I put on the DVD 'Food Inc' - he announced he was done with meat!! WOW ----this was amazing!!!(We have since given up all dairy - which is huge!!!   In the meantime I had been recommending this book to anyone who was the least bit interested about changing their health and eating habits. A neighbor who has some serious health issues read my copy - bought his own copy - then started to pay attention to what he was eating! Long story short - he's lost over 45 lb and his 'Doctors' want to know what he's doing to lose the weight?!! Yikes---------!!! And you want them to 'take care' of you ??????  You better get educated and learn how to be responsible for your own health - or    - you can buy into the plan of having more insurance you can't afford to take care of all the health issues your 'Doctor' can't even begin to fix!!  Start with this book - it can change your life if you pay attention and want a change in your health and your life!!!
B0001HAISG|5.0|Peter Pan is a great movie for kids young and older.  For all those young at heart it brings back fond memories of dreams and aspirations of our youth.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|Like many others, I am a Ken Follett junkie.  This book did not disappointment me.      As always, the historical research was excellent.  It was a very enjoyable ride - being transported to a time I had never known - trade unions, women's suffrage, royalty rule, revolution, politics, and war.      While the book is quite hefty it was pure joy to read on my Kindle! I hated to look at the bottom left of my screen (the % completed indicator) to see I was moving so quickly through the book.     The most negative comments I have seen - which has reflected the overall rating of the book - is the electronic (Kindle) price at @ $20.00. I thought about the amount of time I invested in reading this book. The amount of time Ken Follett invested in writing the book. The time editors took with the book.      It must just me be - but for the price of 4 or 5 mocha coffee drinks at my local coffee shop - I was transported to the past.  I had an amazing adventure.  I can't wait to slap down another $20 for the next book! I'd even buy Ken Follett a mocha and buy the book!
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Great DVD - love Glee and just sorry I had already bought the first volumn. Guess the producers wanted to double their money from us Glee fans. This is no fault of Amazon, as always delivery and condition was excellent. Thank you Amazon!!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Death Magnetic is the best album Metallica has cut in the past 20 years, but that isn't saying much.  The full throttle, epic thrash that we heard on Ride, Kill, and Master is long gone and will never return.  Death is easily the best album since Justice, but pales in comparison.  The opener That Was Just Your Life kicks and sounds great and Kirk sounds incredible.  However, the symphony on Unforgiven III is cheesy and lacks balls and Judas Kiss kind of sucks, in my opinion.      I have to say that while I really enjoyed some moments of this album, it isn't nearly as good as Megadeth's recent \\"Endgame\\" or Slayer's \\"World Painted Blood.\\"  Get all three and enjoy!  But realize that the real Metallica died with Cliff Burton.     BTW - Lars Ulrich is possibly the biggest tool in the music industry.  Just watch \\"Some Kind of Monster\\" and fight the urge to kick the pompous dork's teeth in.
0553805371|5.0|God had bad gas. And the Big Bang happened. This book is a rational summarization of many theories, incredulous and credulous. Read it for your sake, and enjoy Hawking's wit and humor.
1565115147|5.0|This book is full of info most of which is confusing and useless but had to read it for school and the disks really only give the important info and skip the rest. over all product is great!
B00127RAJY|3.0|While I find the actual workout to be quite good and useful, I hate it that every time I want to play the DVD, I have to go through at least five minutes of introduction and advertisements. I cannot simply go to the one of the three workouts, and it drives me crazy.
0553805371|4.0|Just one third through the book and so far I love It.  He (Hawking)  may be closer to 'the answer' than anyone so far....we'll see!
0971407614|4.0|With this book, I have no more excuses to miss a workout. \\"The gym is too far away\\" or \\"But I'm at a hotel\\" or \\"I don't have enough time\\" all go out the window. With these exercises, you can work out for 5 minutes or 50 - all without a single dumbell.  There are some creative exercises that I didn't think would be effective until I did them - and I was hurting the next day.<br /><br />There are some workouts that seem a little dangerous - such as hanging on the back of a door to do pull ups. I'm not that big - and i'm quite sure if I did that to any door in my house, I would pull the hinges off. Not to mention the fear of the door closing on my fingers. So I'd be careful.<br /><br />I did find the exercise drills at the back of the book slightly confusing. I felt I kept flipping around to find a different exercise during my workout. I'd recommend selecting a few good workouts from each section (a few \\"Pull\\" exercises, a few \\"Push\\" exercises, some legs and back). Write them down on a notepad so you don't carry this somewhat big book with you.
1932100385|5.0|A sobering read that provides much to think about. A Google search for critics, found very few. Anyone searching for a plan, that will aid in future wellness, will find this to be a most informative book.
B001EN71CW|3.0|I bought it for the story line which I still like, but the picture resolution was still grainy, not Blu-Ray. Buy the DVD and play it on a Blu-ray will give the same picture quality.
B000050GQM|4.0|The only complaint I have is a major one:  The movie was produced in England with their scan rate and we are located in the US with a DIFFERENT scan rate!  There was a bar covering the middle of the screen saying that the movie would not play.  After fiddling with it for some time, my husband actually got the bar to disappear and the movie to play.  I could not get it to do so.  My husband hopes that he is somehow able to repeat that action (he has NO idea what he did!) if we ever wanted to watch the movie again!     Other than that, everything was fine.
0525951652|5.0|I own a Kindle but I bought this in hardcover. Why? Because it is a book I want to own. All of these people giving this a 1 star rating because of the Kindle price is assinine! It's a review for the book not the price! Anyway, the Kindle price will go down, it ALWAYS does. So get a grip people, this is an excellent book and its review should not be marred by a litany of whiners!
1453624910|3.0|It took me only a few hours to read what I had been waiting for years and that's one of the reasons why I give it only 3 stars (but it could have gained many more, if only...)  The other reasons are:  - Ok, we finally get to read about Seregil and Alec's first time... but I don't know, I'm perplexed... I felt only actions coming through the author's words and not much feeling, they simply decided to go and have sex (and I hope there is much more to love than this!) The fact is that there is no tale, they simply go to bed and that's it! Maybe I feel this way only bacause I read the previous installments of the series so much long ago that I can't really glue it all together... anyhow I think this deserved more than a scant 20 pages with illustrations!  - I didn't particularly like the sex scenes in general, I'd say that there has been a too cold description of the act without the right depiction of the feeling... you make love because you love someone or for pleasure, that's ok, but here the characters seem simply to have sex (and not to make love)... I don't doubt their feelings, but I missed them in some passages. Overall I think, again, that the stories are too short to express all that could have been expressed.  - The good part of the whole book lies in the tales regarding the past, I loved the bits in which we see the young Seregil apprenticed to Nysander (actually I really loved young Seregil!) or how Alec's parents met each other... There was the tale! You can put love making in a tale (and that certainly adds something to it! ;P ), but without the tale there's only sex...   Yep, maybe my expetations were too high...
B000L53D4O|3.0|This is a simple fun toy to walk or play with, only trouble there was no brake or stopper for the wheels. My son would want to play with the pieces at the top front of the toy, while still standing at the back of the toy and could lose his balance from the wheels moving forward from his reaching.
B003ZJJFKE|4.0|Joe Satriani is no ordinary guitar hero. His playing fuses perfect technique with an unparalleled ability to evoke powerful emotions in the listener. Unlike other guitar gurus who record instrumental albums, Joe showcases his greatness within the strict structures of his songs without meandering off course into the realm of widdling for the purpose of showing off. His flourishes always add to the whole, never detract from it. As both songwriter and musician, Satch is legendary. With these points in mind, Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards should be a five-star album. It isn't. The quality of musicianship on the album is top notch, as it always is on Joe's releases. From the man who created the all-time classic albums Flying in a Blue Dream, The Extremist, Crystal Planet and Super Colossal, however, one expects a lot. A hell of a lot. And while Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards is undeniably an essential purchase for any Satch fan, it's not one of his most exciting albums.   Premonition kicks off the album in fine form, reminiscent of Crystal Planet, Joe making truly astonishing guitar playing sound effortless. Easygoing ballad Dream Song (which wouldn't be out of place on Joe's 1993 Time Machine album) showcases Satch's unique tone, but never really gets out of second gear. Pyrrhic Victoria and Light Years Away get things rocking again, although both tracks are heavy on style and light on substance. Solitude is Joe Satriani at his absolute best, showing in 57 seconds how the man can convey more emotion with a single note than most guitarists can in a whole album. Littleworth Lane leans lethargically into bluesy territory and as a result is a million miles from quintessential Satriani. The Golden Room starts out with tropical rhythms (much like those of Banana Mango from Time Machine), but when the guitars kick in the track morphs into a harder-edged animal with an eastern flavour to its melodies, transporting the listener's mind to sunsets over vast deserts. Two Sidesto Every Story is more jazz/blues jam than overdriven rock anthem, and all the worse for it; Joe's signature sound is absent, as is any sense of coherence or purpose. Wormhole Wizards is a return to solid ground, sonically fitting somewhere between the keyboard-heavy groove of his debut album's Driving at Night and the Super Colossal album's instrumentals. Even with a short, out-of-the-blue keyboard solo crowbarred into the track, it's pure bliss. Wind in the Trees is classic Satriani, Joe's guitar not only talking, but talking to the very soul of the listener. Simply flawless. God Is Crying ends the album on a high, Joe emphatically demonstrating that he is the cream of the crop when it comes to axe-slingers. When Joe's on this type of form, his guitar melodies take your mind to the farthest reaches of the Universe and back. In this sense, he really is a Wormhole Wizard.   The album's production (courtesy of Joe himself and Mike Fraser) is impeccable. The rhythm section (Jeff Campitelli on drums and Allen Whitman on bass) is watertight, while Satch's guitar tone - as always - is second to none. Also worth a mention are Mike Kenneally's keyboard contributions, which are tasteful throughout.   Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards is a worthy addition to the collection of any Satriani connoisseur. If you enjoy heavy guitar-driven music but haven't yet discovered the virtuosity of Joe, this album isn't the best place to start; instead, go and buy Flying in a Blue Dream, which is truly staggering from start to finish, without the occasional dips that are present on Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards.
B002ZG9968|5.0|This movie is the beautiful. You wish guys like the Alex's character exist in real life!!
B0006OBPTA|4.0|With this Set and the New KARATE KID (poorly titled since he learned Kung Fu, but also understandable...the name alone due to the past hit movies was used to attract audiences)....I am happy...<br /><br />The product was accurate and delivery date was as well....i give this user and its dependability 4.8/5<br /><br />I would purchase from this user again as well as recommend them to others, due to FAIRNESS in PRICING and INTEGRITY
B002ZG981E|5.0|It took me ages to go see this movie and I I am seriously ashamed I hadn't when it first came out.  An absolutely riveting film that makes you think and keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole way through.  I was smiling like a kid in a candy store for half of the move as the concepts just clicked in my head.  Not for everyone but for those who get it, it's an instant purchase.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|The Movie it's self was ok...however James Cameron is Foul for stealing and purchasing the title away from the Actual AVATAR last airbender Series and Movies...<br /><br />I felt it was visually stunning however it better be coming from James Cameron..<br /><br />This DVD purchased from this user..was not accuarate..It was only a Single Blu Ray DVD and with No features..only the movie.<br /><br />The User However, did contact me and explain the details provided for the dvd were all that was available to best explain which item he had..<br /><br />The product was inaccurate and delivery date was as well....i give this user and its dependability 4/5 though<br /><br />I would purchase from this user again as well as recommend them to others, due to INTEGRITY
B000001F4V|5.0|Great classic tracks that seek to shatter the sunroof.  Air guitar never felt so right!
0465011047|5.0|Neither Laura Ling nor Euna Lee spent time in a North Korean labour camp, yet a boy and his family spent nearly ten years in such confinement from 1977 to 1987. The Aquariums of Pyongyang: Ten Years in the North Korean Gulag by Kang Chol-Hwan and Pierre Rigoulot tells the story of nine-year-old Kang and his family who were forced to uproot their lives with no advance notice and make the trip to the remote Yodok concentration camp.<br /><br />Kang's family's only crime was sharing the same household with his grandfather, whose crimes against the state remain a mystery. The grandfather was abducted at work and never saw his family again. We learn from Aquariums that he was sent to a more brutal concentration camp, where he later died. Meanwhile, everyone who shared the same household as the \\"counterrevolutionary\\" grandfather had to pay the price of cohabiting with a rebel to the state. The entire extended family, including uncles and children, regardless of age, were sent to Yodok. Aquariums contains one family photo at the front of the book, and when I read the caption I honestly thought that there must have been a printing error, since the caption read: \\"Author (right), age 19, one year after his release from the Yodok labor camp...\\". I did not believe, nor could I imagine, that North Korea would send a child to a labour camp. I thought that the age must have been wrong; surely Kang was 29 in the photo and not 19. As I read Aquariums I soon realized that the caption was accurate and Kang, as well as his then seven-year-old sister, both suffered for a decade in a concentration camp.<br /><br />The suffering endured by the family, and the children especially, will break your heart. There were times when I was afraid to turn the page for fear of what barbaric brutality the children would suffer, or witness, next. Not since American Psycho have I been so fearful of turning a page: and this is a true story. The family lived in a small cabin and barely survived on starvation rations of corn. And only corn. Thus deficiency diseases prevailed, like pellagra, and the family supplemented their diet by catching rats, salamanders, worms and insects, which in turn cured their pellagra.<br /><br />Yodok life was nonstop work and Party indoctrination. Children under fifteen went to morning school, where they learned quickly that the teachers didn't care for them. The students could quite easily preoccupy themselves silently with something else during class, or even doze off, and the teachers couldn't be bothered. Since Kang's school life before Yodok involved listening to and memorizing speeches by the Great Leader Kim Il Sung, he did not find such Party indoctrination at Yodok out of the ordinary. The savagery inflicted upon the students in the labour camp after class, however, had the opposite effect of what the Party indoctrination hoped to accomplish:<br /><br />\\"A couple of years was all it took for the camp to utterly change a child. Instead of turning us into stalwart admirers of our Great Leader's regime, as it was intended to do, the camp taught us how to rebel, jeer, and mock anything vaguely whiffing of authority. Within a year or two of arriving, a prisoner lost every scintilla of respect he might have had for the Party. Our disdain spread like gangrene, beginning with the guards, then slowly, inexorably, making its way up to the great leaders.\\"<br /><br />One was constantly watched at the camp, and not only by armed guards, but also by fellow prisoners, who were compelled to \\"snitch\\" on their neighbours. Those who were selected to be snitches could not refuse, and although they were supposed to be invisible and blend in with the inmates, it did not take a long time for camp residents to figure out who among them was telling the authorities. Everyone had to watch what he said and learned that the best thing to do was to say nothing, no matter how innocuous a remark might seem. When Kang sees a woman crying over a recently deceased relative, he writes:<br /><br />\\"...I came across a group of people from my village standing around a woman who was loudly weeping and venting her sorrows about something. As I joined the crowd, I gathered she was lamenting the death of a relative, whose body was apparently still in the family hut. \\"Ah, why did you die so quickly?\\" she kept saying. \\"Why did you depart this cursed world?\\" The unhappy woman must not have noticed that a well-known snitch was in the crowd, as well as the leader of one of the work brigades. Her son, who was also there, saw the danger and tried desperately to catch her eye. It took him a while, but he finally did it, at which point the mother did a complete turnabout. \\"Oh,\\" she continued without the slightest transition, \\"why did you leave this world, which had become so happy under the wise governance of our Great Leader?\\" No one dared to laugh, but after that, neither could anyone cry.\\"<br /><br />Children were made to attend public executions and participate in the stoning of deceased hanged corpses. Public executions also included death by firing squad and Kang's accounts of these experiences will turn your stomach.<br /><br />In spite of the daily horror of concentration camp life, Kang managed a rare smile in his ten years of incarceration. I will quote a paragraph that, while disgusting in content, produced a literal rolling-on-the-ground laughing episode:<br /><br />\\"I remember another informant at Yodok whose specialty was snitching on kids. Once, we decided to exact our revenge by setting a trap for him at a spot he crossed several times a day. There, we dug a hole resembling the fugitive trap we had once discovered up in the mountains. In place of sharpened stakes, we filled the ditch with excrement from the latrines. The trick seemed easy and risk free. As luck had it, the infamous Wild Boar came along first and wound up burying his foot ankle-deep in feces. We saw the whole thing from our little hiding place, and now had every reason to try to keep our location secret; but our teacher was so outraged and was having such a hard time extricating himself from the mess that we just couldn't restrain ourselves. We started laughing so hard we cried. Within a minute he had us collared and was giving us the thrashing of a lifetime. When he was done, he ordered us to scoop out all the excrement by hand and carry it over to the neighbouring garden plots, where it would serve as fertilizer for the guards' summer vegetables. The abominable chore took days, during which time several of us saw our hands break out in strange-looking pimples and blisters.\\"<br /><br />Kang and his family are released from Yodok after ten years, and the final third of the book deals with his life as a civilian and as a former political prisoner in North Korea. He and a friend listened to contraband South Korean radio and local snitches inform the authorities, which leads Kang and his friend to make the decision to escape to China. The crime of listening to Southern radio is a sentence to a labour camp, and since Kang and his friend were already both former camp detainees, if they are reapprehended they would face a more brutal concentration camp, from where no one is ever released, or death by execution.<br /><br />It is suspenseful to read about Kang's escape into China, and of his travels throughout China on the underground railroad. Since travel within North Korea is severely restricted even to its own citizens, Kang could not access the northern border region without causing suspicion. Kang fortunately came from a wealthy family and he used his money to bribe North Korean guards, train conductors and ordinary people. According to Kang, the entire North Korean regime is run by greased palms, and by this form of corruption, it is more \\"capitalist\\" than the Southern regime the Kim dynasty despises.<br /><br />Aquariums is a translation from the original French and translator Yair Reiner made the story sound so alive and full of adolescent phraseology that I would never have guessed that its original language was not English. I recommend The Aquariums of Pyongyang: Ten Years in the North Korean Gulag, which is so far the only first-hand account of life in a North Korean labour camp.was so outraged and was having such a hard time extricating himself from the mess that we just couldn't restrain ourselves. We started laughing so hard we cried. Within a minute he had us collared and was giving us the thrashing of a lifetime. When he was done, he ordered us to scoop out all the excrement by hand and carry it over to the neighbouring garden plots, where it would serve as fertilizer for the guards' summer vegetables. The abominable chore took days, during which time several of us saw our hands break out in strange-looking pimples and blisters.\\"     Kang and his family are released from Yodok after ten years, and the final third of the book deals with his life as a civilian and as a former political prisoner in North Korea. He and a friend listened to contraband South Korean radio and local snitches inform the authorities, which leads Kang and his friend to make the decision to escape to China. The crime of listening to Southern radio is a sentence to a labour camp, and since Kang and his friend were already both former camp detainees, if they are reapprehended they would face a more brutal concentration camp, from where no one is ever released, or death by execution.     It is suspenseful to read about Kang's escape into China, and of his travels throughout China on the underground railroad. Since travel within North Korea is severely restricted even to its own citizens, Kang could not access the northern border region without causing suspicion. Kang fortunately came from a wealthy family and he used his money to bribe North Korean guards, train conductors and ordinary people. According to Kang, the entire North Korean regime is run by greased palms, and by this form of corruption, it is more \\"capitalist\\" than the Southern regime the Kim dynasty despises.     Aquariums is a translation from the original French and translator Yair Reiner made the story sound so alive and full of adolescent phraseology that I would never have guessed that its originallanguage was not English. I recommend The Aquariums of Pyongyang: Ten Years in the North Korean Gulag, which is so far the only first-hand account of life in a North Korean labour camp.
0525951652|2.0|I bought this book at my local giant chain warehouse store because the Kindle price is absurdly high.  I saved $3 and I actually own the book.  I enjoyed Fall of Giants. Good book.  I think everyone else has reviewed the book well, I just wanted to express my dissatisfaction with the Kindle price.
B002GZQYMK|5.0|What can I say, this album rocks.  The songs give you the futuristic metallic cold zombie like feeling as they sing about control of governments.  Enjoy this and if you ever have a chance to see Muse in concert, jump on it!
1601251505|4.0|This book represents the next generation of 3.5 material and does it well.  The book is a full color book that has great artwork and well planned chapters with player information in the front and Gamemaster information in the back.  Each class has been revamped from 3.5 to give it just a little more awesomeness.  The fact that the game is still 3.5 compatible is excellent as well.  I am continually impressed by several visual drawings of weapons and armor and how well those drawings show the differences between them.<br /><br />The only real disappointment that I have with the book is that from the moment I pick up the book I feel that the cover is too flimsy compared to the rest of the book.  It doesn't feel that it's going to rip instantly, but rather it feels like it will after repeated uses, which I'm sure this book will get.<br /><br />Overall it is an excellent book and I completely recommend it.  It is a great buy.
B003IY48PS|5.0|A friend of mine gave me this on Blu-ray a few weeks back, and honestly, not only had I not watched it in years, but I was definitely in the \\"Evil Dead is okay, but Evil Dead II blows it away!\\" camp. Now, not so much! I'd forgotten how much nasty fun the original was, and the Blu-ray presentation here (in both 1:85 and 1:33 ratios) is outstanding. The plot? Meaningless. What lies within is a balls-out, gore-filled delight. Sure, the FX are a bit dated. But you still cringe when the Deadite stabs the chick in the ankle with a sharp pencil. Owwwwww!!!! What a blast. And I'm glad I never invested in the countless releases by Anchor Bay because I got the two-disc version which contains most of the extras I really need.    God Bless this fine, fine film.
B0002S947K|5.0|I bought this CD not even knowing who Ray Lamontagne was... He's a musical genius! I love this CD. Listen to it all the time!
B0000248GR|5.0|Mike Oldfield creates, and creates is the correct word, a language of sound that takes you to places where your spirit wishes to go. The joy I have felt listening to his music is unlike most experience in this world. I still burst into tears when I hear certain passages - even after having heard them many times before. Michael is an angel come down amongst us.
B003L1ZWG2|4.0|Let me start by saying that I really enjoyed watching this movie. There were plenty of tense scenes that keep you feeling a little squirmy in your seat. Adam Green creates a nice plot and wonderful setting that most viewers will be able to relate to. However, I do have a major issue that took some of my enjoyment out of this movie. When trapped somewhere in a cold climate, I'm pretty sure that you and I would do a much better job of attempting to keep ourselves warm and prevent things such as frostbite, ect... For example, we would be covering to best of our abilities all exposed extremities and keeping those coats zipped up as tight as possible. We absolutely wouldn't leave our hands out while we get a little sleep. I couldn't help but think about that throughout the movie. That aside this is a nice intense movie to watch and very nice looking blu-ray as well.
0307454541|1.0|...best selling car despite its lousy construction.<br /><br />Given the short attention span of people nowadays, I am stunned that this book has been so loved by so many people. I slogged through almost half the book before anything happened. There was too much extraneous exposition, particularly about the Vanger family and Blomqvist's visits to town. The dialog was not at all succinct and often didn't move the story forward. The characters were drab and only one was described physically at all. And the translation...more archaic words than you can shake a stick at. It was as though the translator had gotten his hands on an 18th century thesaurus. I'm sure the translator speaks English fluently but wasn't knowledgeable enough about the language to escape from writing some awfully awkward, murky sentences. (If you read on the Kindle, you were lucky enough to have a dictionary on hand to translate some of these words.)<br /><br />The best part of the book was the very end, where Blomqvist settles his personal score; the \\"mystery\\" was quite dull and unremarkable, although I'm sure in today's movie market, the visuals would be just horrific enough to gain mainstream approval of a certain demographic (not mine, that's for sure).<br /><br />I found the reviews of this book to be most interesting. The positive reviews didn't seem to initiate much discussion, but the negative ones did, with an incredible amount of agreement in the comments to the reviews. I noted that if you panned the book, no matter how well thought out your review (and most read better than the actual book), your review was considered least helpful. Funny how that works. I'd bet big money that the thumbs down came from people who'd already read the book and liked it and resented others for discussing how poorly constructed and written it was.<br /><br />This is one of those books that makes me think that I should write my own book. Problem is, I couldn't write page after page of unnecessary description and dialog without boring myself to tears, and I've taken far too many English and composition courses to compete with this level of writing.lf to tears, and I've taken far too many English and composition courses to compete with this level of writing.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|Safe Haven  is definitely different than the usual Sparks books, but this is a good thing because it keeps you guessing and thinking &#34;this is a Nicholas Sparks book, right&#34;?  I really don't think the man is capable of a mediocre book. I love them all and look forward to the next one which i will buy regardless of the price.
0307454541|3.0|There's no denying this potboiler is readable (once you get past the dull first few chapters), though smarmy. I'm surprised this is such a runaway hit with women readers. The book's superficial preaching about violence against women feels like a PC veneer overlaid onto a very typical serial killer mystery in which a male protagonist is the real star.
1556438850|4.0|This is a good book if you are looking for a general orientation.  Nothing will teach you how to teach yoga but an experienced teacher, time, and effort.  That said- if you are new to learning about yoga or starting your 200 hour CYT, this book will provide structure and some insight.
B003DKJ5ZU|4.0|Despite the fairly predictable plot, it was very entertaining to watch my 6 year-old mesmerized in the movie and then talk about it for the next few days.  The imagination it triggered in her is itself worth the purchase.  The bonus sections are not that great - the segment on designing a fairy house had a lot of potential but was a mere 2 min long. For me, the real interest was to gauge the difference between Blue-ray and DVD formats for myself in my home theater system..and perhaps needless to day, the BR advantage is clear...though in some cases, the animations come across too sharp. Nevertheless, the combo packaging itself is will not influence a purchase decision.
B003TML0VO|3.0|As a long-time Santana fan, I didn't have any expectations that this album was going to rise to the level of intensity and artistry that characterize Santana's finest works, but the song and guest artist list was sufficiently intriguing that I was willing to take a chance.  The album met my expectations - it's interesting to hear these songs in new arrangements with Santana's guitar anchoring everything.  Some songs work better than others, and I agree with some reviewers' commments that calling some of these songs the 'greatest guitar classics of all time' is a bit of a stretch.  Of course, such hyperbole would start an argument among any opinionated guitar enthusiasts no matter the list of tunes included, but I doubt there would be many who wouldn't tilt their head sideways like a confused dog by the suggestion that The Doors' Riders On The Storm should be included on such a list.  No matter, it's one of the more enjoyable entries.  Van Halen's Dance The Night Away, while certainly a more guitar-centric tune than Riders On The Storm (though unarguably not one of Eddie's most sublime works) is unfortunately not improved nor mined for new musical insights by Santana and his production team's effort.  It's easily the album's low point.  Overall, the production is so smooth and polished that there's little spontaneity or nuance, but this is still Carlos Santana, and his playing is focused and fluid, and surprisingly restrained as compared with much of his more recent work.  This approach really allows the songs to be the center of attention, rather than his playing.  I get a sense that this album was a lot of fun to create - even while being a clearly calculated effort to draw old and new listeners back to the Santana fold.  If you love Carlos, the guest artists who join him here, or these songs, I doubt you'll be disappointed as long as you aren't expecting to hear Woodstock-era Santana - this is an artist who no longer needs to prove anything.
0312600844|2.0|This novel starts off in the Twin Cities early 1980s alternative music scene. Franzen sees fit to drop names like The Velvet Underground,and Magazine, sprinkled with references to Dylan, but ignores local, but nationally respected bands, like The Replacements and Husker Du.  Why the snub, John? Did they not invite you to a frat party or something? Is this a pay back? This omission pretty much torpedoed any credibility and handicapped the story's integrity.         OK, fine, I'm being snarky and maybe a tad bit harsh, but c'mon, Dude.          Through out the reading of this book I was left with the sense that Franzen was treating his characters  with a subtle, but pervasive condescending sneer.          However, these pages are peppered with brilliant prose. There are more than a few exquisitely drawn passages and scenes in this book.          But I found that the characters to be rendered flat and two dimensional, if not somewhat cliched. The characters refused to show emotional growth, and quite frankly, they insisted in remaining self-absorbed and tedious. The plot lines careened into being too far fetched and uncredible, a 19 year old war time parts supplier, the 20-something hot babe going after the married, pushing 50 nerd-do-well, the Tea Party-esque fundie having a battle with a liberal eco warrior.          This would have been a much stronger book if the philosophical pretense was dialed down and if the editor was allowed to do his or her job.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|I've used other more expensive cables, I've used cheap cables, and then I've used these cables. They do exactly what they say they do and project prefect 1080p resolution and full stereo sound. There is no reason to ever pay any more for an HDMI Cable.    There is nothing more that needs to be said. If you need an HDMI cable. Don't buy from a brick and mortar store. Have some patience and buy these. Shipping only took a few days.
B00006FDCD|1.0|This movie is awful. But there are reasons for it. This movie was originally a made for TV mini-series shown on ABC. This meant a lot of the more gruesome (and I believe, terrifying) scenes from the book had to go. They condensed a book that over 1000 pages in length into three hours and a great deal is changed or simply no longer there. Stuttering Bill is no longer bald, Richie encounter Pennywise in the library as an adult over Ben, there is no house on 29 Neibolt street in which the Losers confront It, there is no encountering the dead children in the Standpipe by Stan, nor is Derry nearly destroyed in a flood as It finally dies in 1985. There are only a few of the major changes that destroy the movie.    I will credit to Tim Curry, who plays Pennywise. He is amazing (as always) and did a fantastic job. But his performance alone is not enough to save this movie.    This book would be best if done as a mini-series on a network like HBO, where we could see Stephen King's true vision brought to life.
B002CLBJUU|1.0|I wholeheartedly agree with the majority of the reviews posted here... This is a g-r-e-a-t movie. But I absolutely will not buy a copy until a version with a quality transfer is made available.
0792163710|5.0|It's great Amazon.com carries the old classics like Shane. I purchased this DVD as a gift for my husband who loves this movie and was unable to find it locally.
0765326353|5.0|all i have to say is this is the beginning of a great journey, with lovable characters, and an awesome display of magic, sense of values, friend ship. Need i say more, not into the hole essay thing!!
0783225857|5.0|I was excited to find and purchase this movie. I purchased this movie as a gift for my husband who wouldn't toss the VHS tape we had until we could replace it with a DVD. You can't find these old classic just anywhere and Amazon.com has them all. Great quality and my husband is very happy which is most important.
0345505387|5.0|I loved the graphics as well as the fresh point of view that the author offers us in her newest foray into the world of her OUTLANDER novels.  This delightful gem of a book enriches our understanding of the very beginnings of this gripping saga, and tells some of the back-story that set the stage for the opening action of the first book in the series.  I loved it!
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I HAVE ALL 8 SEASON'S AND EACH ONE GET'S BETTER AND BETTER I WISH THAT 24 WAS STILL GOING ON AND NEVER ENDED I WOULD KEEP ON BUYING THEM. I DON'T THINK ANY OTHER SHOW WILL EVER TOP 24
1452896305|3.0|The preface is missing which is a critical to the book! Print it out from some other source if you are going to buy this edition. The story is amazing otherwise!
0439023521|2.0|I read this book after it was given to my 13 year old son as a Birthday present from an Aunt. He wasn't interested in it, so I took it up to read. I have read all three books, in the hope that they would get better.  Well they don't. Yes, they do have some worthwhile characters, and the plot is interesting here and there, but these books are dark, depressing, hopeless, and just not worth the read. To tout that they are for 'Young Adults' is irresponsible. They are too violent, and get more and more so as the books go on. They scoff at modesty, as if it's an unheard of thing in the world. These books are simply not worth the read. I am looking for books that stay with me. That are worthwhile, that show a real struggle, and character development. That speak of eternal truths. I didn't see any of that in these books. I only saw a failed attempt at those goals. Another reviewer compared them to the Lord of the Flies. These are no where near the quality of that book. I don't have the time to waste on books like this. Hours of reading, hoping in the end that it would be worth my efforts and hopes, but totally disappointed. If you want to read a dark book with substance, and a reason to keep going, read Charles Dickens's, Great Expectations'.  Or read Watership Down. I am starved trying to find good books, worth reading. And the Hunger Game series does not satisfy. Not worth the time, not worth the money, not worth the effort. I seriously wish I could write a different review, because I love to read, and there's nothing better than finding a good book that I want to read again and again. Finding such books is getting harder and harder. But all media seems to be going the same way: cheep entertainment, no real substance. Trying to be moving and a revelation; only to fall into a big mess of 'Blah'! and in the end? Disappointment. Perhaps the problem is not in the books themselves  but the quality of the current, popular writers. Not in their writing style so much as their personal beliefs. Which just don't ring true to me. I felt the same way after trying to read the Harry Potter series; and the first Twilight book. A feeling of slime at the end, and frankly, just not worth the effort.
B00004TR2G|4.0|What's to say? It's the soundtrack from Jaws ... the only thing missing is the \\"I'm tired and I wanna go to bed..\\" song by Hooper and Quint ...which, I guess, doesn't count as part of the soundtrack. Other than that ...aces ... I play it -- loud -- on my boat whenever I get near people in the water!
0439023513|1.0|I've read through all three books of this series. And I feel, flat out, like I wasted my time & my money. I kept hoping they would get better, but my fears were realized when I finished the final book. Not worth the read. No great message, or beautiful truths for slogging through this mess of just - blah! One of the biggest problems I had with these books, right from the start, is that they are too, too violent. No, they don't have blatant sex, but they more than make up for that with their innuendoes and weird 'revelations' in the end book. Not interesting. Predictable. They talk a lot about the casualness of nudity. And the last book is so over the top violent that I became bored with it. And these books are touted as 'young adult' books? If I had read them as a young adult I would have been totally feeling hopeless by the end of them. No redeeming qualities. No hope in these books. By the end of the book, the Author pretty much destroys all the half decent reasons/ characters for reading the book. She's trying so hard to shock and surprise that she fails at both. The author makes a claim in the end book about how the Romans used the entertainment of graphic violence & food to keep it's citizens from active community involvement; but that's exactly what this book does. She condemns herself and methods in these books. I read these books because the first one was given to my thirteen year old son as a present, and I like to keep up on what he's reading. He wasn't interested in the book, and after reading the first I didn't encourage him, I am glad to say. Come on Authors out there; give us something that has real writing, that is worth reading, that stays with you, that makes you want to read it again and again. This felt like a soap opera, a bloody, senseless soap opera.
0439023513|3.0|This book should come with a Parental Warning. I don't want to give the story away, but I think parents should be aware that this is NOT a story of overcoming tragedy and trial. This is a story of soul-crushing, futile, irrevocable loss, in which no one is left intact or undamaged, and from which readers will come away devastated. Yeah, war sucks, but I wouldn't have knowingly exposed my children to it. They'll experience tragedy soon enough. Definitely not for younger children. We cried all night.  I'm so glad we were reading it aloud as a family, so that my children weren't trying to process this tragedy on their own.  It seemed to me that the author clearly thought that conveying her themes and opinions was more important than considering the psyche of the age group she was writing to.  My 12 year old daughter still considers the series one of her favorites, but, after how much we enjoyed the first two books,  was profoundly disappointed with this last one.
0439023491|2.0|Don't waste your time with these books. The first book was okay, but the violence put me off a little. Definitely too violent for Young Adults. They get worse as they go along;  in readability, plot and substance, and go totally over the top, into actual boredom with their increased violence in each book. I wrote longer reviews for the other two books. I'm not going to waste my time with a long one here. If your considering buying or reading these books, for yourself, or especially for a teen in your life, don't. They disappoint, on almost every level. Come on publishers out there; give us something worthwhile to seek our teeth into. Give us something we can recommend without reservation. Give us real books, not imitations of what good writing, and a worthwhile read should be.
B003XKAZK4|5.0|Creating a greatest hits album is already problematic, as invariably someone will complain there's been something left out.  When Robbie Williams came out with his first greatest hits album about 6 years ago, it was a single disc album, that arguably contained the necessary singles, but was nothing I'd recomend to get into the artist.  This album is different.  In & Out of consciousness is a perfect summary of his career, and an even better introduction to those unfamiliar with Robbie Williams carreer.  Unlike most greatest hits album, this album has a good progression, feeling almost like your taking a step back through his carreer with him.  The album starts with a pair of new songs, both co-written by former band mate (and former rival) Gary Barlow.  Both songs are very good, and fit comfortably within the Robbie Williams cannon.  Thereafter, the album proceeds from album to album, from newest to oldest, carefully balancing the fast paced songs with the ballads.  The album takes you through his more recent experimental songs, to his forray into swing music, to the biggest pop star in europe early days, and even includes his first single (not on any album) freedom, and even a take that song.  Its a pleasure to listen to the whole way through, and the best introduction to Robbie's carrier I could think.  Highly recomended.
0811876373|5.0|I found this book by mistake on Amazon for the preorder.  I knew nothing of Bakerlla, I just thought that this would be a fun book for me and my grandson.  This past weekend I made the mini cupcakes, without the stick, and they were a hit at a cake decorators event day. I'm planning to make both the bride/groom and pumpkin pops this month. I'm so glad I found this book.
0525951652|5.0|Has this just become a Kindle reader protest site?  All of these one star reviews are just complaining about the price? If you own a Kindle, the author is not supposed to be paid for his work? You get the book for free? What are these Kindle people smoking?  They feel they are entitled to ripping off authors? Don't get it. It's still a thousand pages of writing, whether it's on paper or delivered electronically. Why would you get it for free?
B003A03RRU|5.0|This really is the COMPLETE Sherlock Holmes, at an amazing price.  The only complaint I have is that it's missing the original illustrations from the Strand Magazine, which are kind of interesting.<br /><br />But it's a great opportunity to meet the Master of Detection (or renew the acquaintance)!
B0042816YK|5.0|There are two types of people who watch this movie: those who get it, and those who don't.  Those who don't may learn to appreciate it but it will never become a part of their souls.  If movies ever define what a person is going through in life, then this is one of those movies.    Based on the memoir by Elizabeth Gilbert, it follows Gilbert (played wonderfully by Julia Roberts) in her attempt to find herself after her divorce and a failed romance.  She decides to do this by spending the year in Italy (\\"eat\\"), India (\\"pray\\"), and Bali (\\"love\\").  In each of these regions of the world she rediscovers a part of her that she had lost over the years: in Italy she discovers not just an appetite for food but for life in general; in India she finds her spiritual center while in Bali she learns that she can love again.    This is a simplistic description of the movie, but to go into more detail would simply take too much space.  Chances are if you are female over the age of 40 you may understand where Liz is coming from and learn something from her experience.  Most men might not get it -- a neighbor of mine who saw was utterly clueless about the subtext; I myself did see some of my own journey through life in what Liz went through and ended up seeing the movie three times in the theater (my wife saw it six times).  If you are hardcore in your religious beliefs you may have a problem with her seeking spirituality in a non-Christian/Western setting (in fact, the Vatican itself condemned the movie saying Liz should have stopped eating while in Rome and visited one of the many churches in the Eternal City for spiritual guidance rather than go to India).  But that's the whole point of the movie: Liz needed to find what worked for her, and each part of the film represents a step in that discovery.  Could she have gone into the churches?  Perhaps, but at that point she wasn't ready to find that part of her soul and she didn't need the church to tell her what she HAD to do which, frankly, she got tired of doing throughout much of her life.    Julia Roberts' performance is excellent, and I will be sorely disappointed if she does not earn an Oscar nomination next year for it.  It easily surpasses her work in \\"Erin Brockavich\\".  The cinematography is excellent, the musical score is uplifting (and it's a shame that only one song from the original score is on the soundtrack album), and the supporting cast is so well that several should be up for their own Oscar noms.  If you're especially interesed in cinematography and acting, pay attention to the scene between Liz and Richard from Texas that takes place on the roof of their ashram in India -- that's all one take without edits.    This isn't a movie to watch.  This is a movie to experience.  This is a movie that wants you to feel something.  I know my wife and I did.  And I've been told watching the film before reading the book makes the book much easier to read.
B003PIUC02|5.0|This is definitely a mans show. Its like gladiator meets 300 which takes place during reign of the Roman Empire. Gore, blood, nudity, sex. You think of it, it has it. The story of Spartacus was altered just a bit, but it works well for the series. It has the mix of likable characters, characters you'll love and ones you'll love to hate. The actors and actresses are definitely at their best in this adrenaline racing series. \\"You dont have to take my word for it\\" -Lavar Burton<br /><br />Each show is about an hour long, so you can defiantly watch in increments. I know for me it was extremely hard to stop watching because some episodes had cliff hangers. I don't want to say too much more so that I don't spoil anything. Ill just end this with a final statement.<br /><br />If you haven't picked this up, you are definitely missing out.
142311339X|5.0|Riordan's best book yet, The Lost Hero brings us back to the demigods. We meet new faces in Jason, Piper and Leo as well as revisiting some of the old with Annabeth, Chiron, Rachel, and Thalia. The wait is going to be hard for the second installment but it's completely worth it.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|Great movie for the whole family... we've watched it several times as a family and it's just a good as the first time
1601251505|5.0|This format of Gaming is a significant improvement over the base D&D 3.5, by helping to scale the melee fighters appropriately with the various magic/caster classes. there are so many variable methods of creating unique characters, it makes the gme an entirely new experience.<br /><br />This is a HUGE Book, and every page is a masterpiece of quality writing and art. While with the original D&D books, you scoffed at the full page art, the art in this book captivates and entrances you in a world of mystery, magic, and fantasy unlike any Dungeons and Dragons Players Manual ever did.<br /><br />It contains all the sections needed to run a game from start to finish and is more than comprehensive!<br /><br />It has:<br />-Races, Classes, Prestige Classes<br />-Equipment, Adventuring Gear, Magical Arms and Armor, Wondrous Magical items<br />-Full list of Divine and Arcane Spells<br />-Dungeon Master's Sections<br /><br />And much more!<br /><br />Great Book, very Enjoyable Campaign setting and rules-sets. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
0451169514|5.0|Never have I been so spooked by a book that I had to set it down and take a break until I read \\"It\\".  I think King does a fantastic job of opening the old, dark closets of the mind that we thought we had closed and barred tight some time ago in our young adult years.  I have read roughly half of King's books by time of this review and this one scared me the most.  I wont go into detail of what the novel is about, you likely already have a rough idea by now.  As a kid I watched a lot of scary movies. After watching the Exorcist, I slept in a fetal position, careful to keep the blankets tucked securely under my feet; out of reach of anything that might have had a taste for exposed skin, for over a year.  I am 37 now... Last night I woke up at roughly 2am to what I thought was the sound of my wife snoring, only it sounded more like a growl... a menacing growl... I immediately turned on the bedlamp only to discover my wife was not in the room... the sound was gone too and... my closet door was half open... I may need to get a lock on that door.
B003PIUC02|5.0|My husband and I are fans of The Tudors and Rome. This series is in line with both those for it's fabulous costumes, plots, and especially the quality of the acting. If you liked Tudors & Rome, you'll love Spartacus!
0756405890|3.0|Overview: The book did not live up to the hype.  I expected an author who has been so lauded for his style to have a grasp on drama as well.  He didn't.  I'm going to give him credit for what he did well, answer some complaints made by others that might be unwarranted, then conclude by explaining why the book as a whole didn't work for me.      A. What's Right     1) The voice.  Everyone unanimously praises Rothfuss for his plucky first person narrative.  If you like a spoonful of sugar in your drama, you will like just listening to the main character Kvothe tell his life story.  He comes off as a light-hearted, feeling person, but is still able to express the dangers of the story with credibility.     2) The setting.  While far from the most original or well-exposited fantasy setting I've encountered, I enjoyed Rothfuss' treatment of some practical details that other works gloss over.  The people in this world use money.  Nothing ever happens in the novel that allows you to forget that.  Travel is an actual burden, one that suitably requires money.  The government of the world is expressed as a feudal arrangement of city-states, and though this doesn't feature strongly in the story, there's no conspicuous lack of realistic obstacles in the world's institutions either.  These details made the story more believable for me, and thus more immersive and enjoyable.    3) Depiction of the arts.  From theater to music, Rothfuss somehow succeeded in making the reader feel the impact of the art without actually observing it.  I find that this is fairly rare in Fantasy, even Fantasy where art plays a role in the plot like it does here.  I didn't for one minute feel that I was expected as a reader to take the art's existence for granted.  Instead, I was shown it.       B. What's not Wrong    1) Sexism.  Kvothe is a sexist, one that suffers also from his author apparently not having realized that he's a sexist.  In fact, Rothfuss is probably a sexist too.  But if you can't stand reading authors whose latent biases are politically unpalatable in our society, the problem is yours.  I am personally tired of people trying to make up for their own biases by writing unrealistic characters (points at GRRM).  Rothfuss portrayed the world he created as seen through is own eyes.  You can imagine a higher bar, but you can't realistically hold an author to it.    2) Plot Devices.  Some may have a problem with a story in a story format.  And while everyone can see that the older Kvothe's influence in the story could've been minimized, he was well executed within the scope that the author actually decided to draw.  I say that because he was distinct from young Kvothe, had his own emotions, and the returns to his reality were more supplementary than they were distracting.  It was very well executed for a first time author.            C. What's Wrong     1)  The Drama.  The main conflict theme of the book is indistinguishable.  It simply goes from event to event in the life of the main character as he would have lived it, not as the structure of drama should have rendered it.  The result is that the reader asks himself frequently what exactly is happening and why he should care about it.  I wasn't reading to answer for myself questions about what happens to the character, but rather to simply get to the next thrill found along an unconnected series of events.  By the end, this became reading to simply reach the end of the book.    And then I was disappointed when I got there.  The ending is the tying up of a conflict introduced 5/6 of the way through the book, one that literally takes days of travel time for the characters to even reach.  Oh, and then of course you have the denoument of the plot device, another excuse for the author to tell us how Kvothe is all-important.  In my estimation, if a novel's drama is bad, then the novel is bad.  People seem to be able to read about main characters they loathe (JK Rowling), in bland and unrealistic settings (Tom Clancy) and be beaten over the head with pet themes (Dan Brown).  What we don't abide in drama is bad drama.  This is the main reason why I'm sparing in my recommendation of this book.    2)  The main character.  I will explain why a Mary Sue is bad for those who don't know and haven't read the book (if you have read, you know because Kvothe is it, and he destroys the story).  A Mary Sue is a character who is overly idealized in some way.  The ideal they resemble changes from author to author, but the constant is that in fulfilling the author's ideal they show themselves too capable of defeating the work's primary dramatic obstacles.  The problem with Mary Sues isn't that they're not entertaining.  They often are.  It's that they're not believable.  The Mary Sue is so inflated that it causes the reader to feel that nothing is at stake because the author has written a character who can't fail.  (Spoilers) Kvothe can play even a broken musical instrument well enough to provoke tears.  He's figured out, even while living most of his life closed off from other people, when you can get away with cheating and how to deceive.  He's penniless, lived a major part of his life in the woods and as a street urchin, and has rarely ever seen a mirror, much less the inside of a charm school, but somehow every female character in the book swoons over him.  He has an unusual color of hair.  His name is unpronounceable, and he has several meaning-rich monikers given to him by the author.  On the Mary Sue scale, Kvothe is one small notch down from Spock in Kirk and Spock homoerotic fanfiction. (End Spoilers)  Kvothe's Mary Sue status would have destroyed even a very well-drawn conflict, of which there aren't any in the book anyway.  But like I said, the problem with Mary Sue's isn't that they're not entertaining.  If you are a literary infant and you manage to believe unquestioningly in what you're reading, you won't have problems with Mary Sue coming in and ruining your suspense.But the rest of us do.  All of the authors who have shilled for Rothfuss do.  My only conclusion is that they didn't read the book.  I hope Rothfuss is happey with his decision to pay for reviews with his advance.              3) Ancillary Characters.  All of the minor characters suffer from being indistinct, except those named ones who Rothfuss takes an unusual amount of time with because Kvothe thinks they're \\"hot\\".  At no point is the reader presented with anything that might hint at a primary motivation for a minor character.  The only reason the characters are in the drama is their bare-bones affinity or antipathy with Kvothe.  Even then, the reader is simply expected to take for granted that these characters do certain things, without any explanation grounded in realism for why.    4) Character distinction.  There is no intuitive English vocalization of the word \\"Kvothe\\".  You're never sure what Denna's name is or what she's being called.  Minor characters are not memorable.  The result is a cast who is as difficult to keep track of as one of twice its size.  I was amazed at how many times in a professional novel I had to skip through dialogue because I didn't understand who was saying what and for what reason.    Conclusion: Rothfuss succeeds in some areas, but fails in all the important ones.  I can recommend this book only for the most forgiving of readers.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|Don't read any more reviews.  They will only tell you too much about the film, and potentially ruin many of the shocking moments and insights into this rural world unknown and unseen by most.  Buy or rent or stream this movie!  It's absolutely one of the year's best!
0374158460|1.0|This is the first Jonathan Franzen book I've read and will undoubtedly be the last.<br />Endless lectures on the environment and overpopulation combined with trite political swipes make this novel a bore.<br />Franzen's writing leaves a lot to be desired with far too much \\"explaining\\" throughout.<br />Seeing that this title was left off the short list for the National Book Award is a hopeful sign.<br />Maybe all the commercial hype and kneejerk adulation can't buy the prize after all.
B003BW0CB6|2.0|I agree with all the # 3 and lower ratings. I loved Bosch and Haller - just not together. This was just a revolving door of previously excellent characters just popping in and out at random. All were shadows of their former selves - just one dimensional at best. While plots are important it's the character development that I enjoy the most and this was very deficient in that area. I've read all the Bosch books, The Lincoln Lawyer and The Brass Verdict, all which I loved. This falls so far short of any of the others I'm just mystified about the positive reviews. I think most of those reviewers might actually make it in Hollywood as screenwriters. The reviews were very diagnostic and thoughtful, but to get that much meat out of vegetarian fare requires no small amount of literary talent.     This reminds me of the next to last John Sanford/Lucas Davenport book where he let his son either help him write it or edit it - just a disaster. Fortunately it only took him one book to figure out that it didn't work. Ditto the Robert K. Tanenbaum/Butch Karp books written with ghost writer Michael Gruber. They apparently stopped writing together and Tanenbaum wrote the next book, Hoax, by himself. I never bought another of his books after that - they were that bad. However, I did buy some Michael Gruber books. I hope Connelly reverts to his normal method with his next book, although with the encouragement of the rave reviews I might have to cross him off too.
B000OP1M6M|2.0|Watch is good, but when I want blue, I want blue ! Face absolutely reads almost black, way past navy or blue-gray, not like picture at all .... AND after one week of normeal, the bezel surface just rubbed off
0743496736|5.0|I enjoyed this book immensely.  I recommend it to anyone who has a child, knows a child, or remembers being a child.
B000065M00|3.0|Just for one song I got this Cd, Red Rain;if you haven't play this song in your stereo you don't know yet what you missing, but play it loud.
B0034G4P7G|4.0|This propulsive 2010 film is probably the most conspicuous case of product placement in recent Hollywood memory. Director David Fincher and screenwriter Aaron Sorkin prove to be a particularly effective team in bringing to vivid life the somewhat trite story of the betrayal behind a Web site that reshaped the chore of networking into the zeitgeist of the online community reaching 500 million participants. The irony is that the movie is not really about the Facebook phenomenon itself but its opaque creator, nineteen-year-old Mark Zuckerberg, a socially impervious Harvard-based hacker extraordinaire whom the creators would have you believe developed Facebook as a way to get back at the girl who dumped him and the elitists who rejected him. However, Sorkin is far too shrewd to turn this into a simple revenge story. Instead, he uses these factors as catalysts in his inspiration to ignite the basic need we have to judge other people in the safe haven of a site populated by people who are otherwise socially disconnected.<br /><br />The story's framing device centers around the detailed depositions given in two concurrent lawsuits against Zuckerberg - one filed by Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, identical twins and star members of Harvard's rowing team, along with their business partner Divya Narendra, and the other filed by Eduardo Saverin, Zuckerberg's former best friend. The Winklevoss twins filed a suit claiming they originated the idea for Facebook when Zuckerberg agreed to help them build a Harvard-only community site. The second suit cuts deeper in that Saverin, a Facebook co-founder, finds his ownership in the company cut from a third to one-tenth of one percent. The decision is not without merit since Saverin's singular determination in eliciting advertisers to the site did nothing to help the site gain popularity. At the same time, it reflected Zuckerberg's socially inert nature - whether true or not - showing he is incapable of maintaining a deep friendship not out of malice or greed but because he has the unrelenting fortitude to recognize he has a better idea to code and implement despite the personal consequences. It's a fascinating conundrum that requires Fincher's emotionally precise direction to make it work effectively.<br /><br />In a tough role, Jesse Eisenberg ([[ASIN:B002BFBAWO Adventureland]]) plays Zuckerberg close to the vest by showing sparks of humanity with measured acuity. It's a well-observed performance that relies on keeping a clear distance from the viewer. Justin Timberlake does well in the showy supporting role of Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a savvy, paranoid poseur whose bona fide sleaziness provides the impetus Facebook needs to turn it into a global phenomenon. However, it's Andrew Garfield who gives the movie the little heart it has as Saverin simply because we feel his devastation in missing a once-in-anyone's-lifetime opportunity by trusting a friend whom he thought had his back. There are sharp, near-cameo turns by Douglas Urbanski as Harvard president Larry Summers, contemptuously arrogant in his dismissal of the Winklevoss' plea for support in their case against Zuckerberg; Rooney Mara who makes her character's numbing rejection of Zuckerberg palpable; and Rashida Jones ([[ASIN:B001PR0Y6W I Love You, Man]]) as a junior defense attorney who provides Zuckerberg the only honest summation of his legal chances to win. Fincher has made an intentionally cool, often detached film, compounded by a jarring Trent Reznor/Atticus Ross score, but the hope of making a real, honest connection always seem to be within reach.ice or greed but because he has the unrelenting fortitude to recognize he has a better idea to code and implement despite the personal consequences. It's a fascinating conundrum that requires Fincher's emotionally precise direction to make it work effectively.    In a tough role, Jesse Eisenberg ([[ASIN:B002BFBAWO Adventureland]]) plays Zuckerberg close to the vest by showing sparks of humanity with measured acuity. It's a well-observed performance that relies on keeping a clear distance from the viewer. Justin Timberlake does well in the showy supporting role of Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a savvy, paranoid poseur whose bona fide sleaziness provides the impetus Facebook needs to turn it into a global phenomenon. However, it's Andrew Garfield who gives the movie the little heart it has as Saverin simply because we feel his devastation in missing a once-in-anyone's-lifetime opportunity by trusting a friend whom he thought had his back. There are sharp, near-cameo turns by Douglas Urbanski as Harvard president Larry Summers, contemptuously arrogant in his dismissal of the Winklevoss' plea for support in their case against Zuckerberg; Rooney Mara who makes her character's numbing rejection of Zuckerberg palpable; and Rashida Jones ([[ASIN:B001PR0Y6W I Love You, Man]]) as a junior defense attorney who provides Zuckerberg the only honest summation of his legal chances to win. Fincher has made an intentionally cool, often detached film, compounded by a jarring Trent Reznor/Atticus Ross score, but the hope of making a real, honest connection always seem to be within reach.
0393324818|4.0|This book is an insight into how in the Oakland A's, having comparably very little money to spend on their team in the early 2000's, ended up winning so many games. Baseball's financial inequality between the richest and poorest teams is the most disparate of all the major sports, and a team like the New York Yankees can use their sizable war chest of funds to purchase the best team possible. The Oakland A's, not having a hundred million to spend, needs to be more resourceful.<br /><br />The A's general manager, Billy Beane, was purportedly the first to implement at the pro level a system of management derived almost entirely from statistical analysis alone. This appears to have begun out of financial necessity and eventually grew into a very efficient and somewhat controversial method for success.<br /><br />The statistical analysis in Moneyball is putting to use the ongoing discussion going back for decades on how to break down the different outcomes of a play and assign them values. In theory, figure out which actions in a game produce the highest outcome towards the intended goal (wins) and focus on those the most.<br /><br />The novel's charm, apart from its savvy business edge, is how Billy Beane's team uncovers the true talents of otherwise unknown college and minor league players.
B001NXBRJG|4.0|I purchased the Blu-Ray version of Matrix even though I had the DVD to watch this movie in all it's High-def goodness.  I did notice the difference in the video.  The details in the faces of the characters is crisp.  The action sequences were stunning.  This movie is visually appealing.  Although the audio is uncompressed 5.1, I was hoping there was a 7.1 audio track.  Even in Dolby TrueHD, I was hoping for more surround effects.  Still, it's worth the purchase.  This movie was a breakthrough when it came out, and if you're a fan, it's definitely worth the purchase.  But wait until Amazon has a sale.
0894803123|1.0|I bought this book mainly because of the many five star reviews by so many customers, however, I have to admit I don't see what all the hype was about! I was a bit disappointed.     Firstly, there aren't that many recipes in the book as I thought there would be, having said that, some of the basic ice cream flavours have not been included in the book and some really weird ones have. The one thing that I think redeems the book is the butterscotch recipe and the chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream recipe!     The thing that annoyed me the most was that the images in the book look like something out of a pre-schoolers book or as if they were intended for someone who is completely retarded!! It feels a bit demeaning! I appreciate the possibility that the authors were trying to make something fun for both children and adults, but someone messed up really bad!     I bought this book with [[ASIN:0688161499 The Ultimate Ice Cream Book: Over 500 Ice Creams, Sorbets, Granitas, Drinks, And More]]by Bruce Weinstein, and I have to say that buying the two together was the right thing to do, they really complement each other well! The number of flavours in Weinstein's book is so vast that you will definitely find what you are looking for (ice creams, sorbets, sauces and the whole lot!) and B&J's book has some interesting and unique ideas.     Don't bee fooled like I was, by the number of raving customers, the book isn't bad but not great despite what the many customers would have you think. If you're thinking of buying just one ice cream book go for Weinstein's book and you won't regret it! But if you don't mind buying the two then why not?
B002C512TY|5.0|It's one of the better shooters that nerf makes. The scope doesn't work as well as just looking over the barrel of it. The rate of fire isn't very fast, but, it seldom jams . It' super accurate(for a nerf gun.) The front pistol is basically useless. The bipod is pretty stable for a piece of plastic.
B001M4YZ90|3.0|Not bad when taken as a single independent movie, but when viewed as a Guy Ritchie movie some disappointment definitely surfaces.     It follows that classic Guy Ritchie model, where a bunch of charachters get intertwined and the plot continues to thicken throughout the entire movie and is abruptly resolved at the end.     Pros:   The Characters in the moive have that unique English freshness to them as opposed to American gangster movies and Guy has not carried much from previous characters in similar moives like Snatch and Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels. Instead the charaters have their own uniqueness and depth.     Personally I liked the slight political incorrectness in the movie. The character Lenny kept voicing his frustration with the imigrants in the country quite boldly! (not necessairly a bad or good thing... but these things are real)     Also, I liked the sleek character of Archie! His cool, calm, and collected demeanor in addition to his sharp look added to the character's appeal! However, you do get the feeling that he does get frustrated with dealing with Lenny's ego issues, and maybe even thinks he could easily be as good, if not better than Lenny. Your typical young gangster, who's works for the top dog!     Mr. Johnny Quid!!! His character just annoyed me!!! Not in a bad way where I hated him for it, but in a way that he was supposed to be annoying as a crackhead!!! But the more the movie goes on the more you realize he's not just some stoner junkie!!!     The soundtrack was good but not great! The soundtracks used in the other two Guy moives were much better!     I liked the action scene with the Russians and the part where the Russians were about to dice up old One Two and Archie walks in!! But the action scenes in the movie leave a bit to be desired!     I loved the crayfish torture!!! (and the crack about the Americans and American crayfish!) A bit of a twist on Bricktop's feeding people to pigs (from Snatch)!     The twist at the end wasreally unforeseen!!! I didn't see that coming!     Cons:   The main thing is that this movie uses the same model as the other more poopular Guy Ritchie movies like Snatch and Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels.... but sadly not close to being as good!!! I was hoping to see something of the same calibre but I was slightly disappointed with this one!     The character of Lenny.... O.K, I'll admit he is a bit different than the previous bad guys in Guy's other movies but compared to Bricktop (from Snatch), he's a rich puff with too much ego!!! Frankly not as interesting a character!!!     Also, the use of Russians in both this movie and Snatch... come on... be a bit creative! Plus the Russian goons in this movie are not even close to being as interesting as 'Boris the Blade' from Snatch!     What about, Vinny, Solomon, Bullet-tooth Tony, Avi, Tyrone, and the rest of the lot from Snatch?? The depth in these characters is not there in this movie, you don't really feel close to these characters... very shallow character depth.. you don't connect to them!     All in all, not a bad movie... wouldn't mind seeing it again but not as many times as I have seen Snatch and Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels! The more you watch the other two and then watch this one the more your disappointment will grow! I really think Mr. Guy Ritchie peaked with Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch!
B001MS7IBS|5.0|Fringe is unlike many series because it sets a pattern and is literlly about a pattern of events and a overall storyline that is very well written and thought out.  If you have seen later seasons then you know what the pattern is about. But at this point some viewers who didn't stick with this show and were convinced it was like the x-files really blew it by not watching into the second and third seasons, they would have discovered that few shows have ever been this intriguing and different. Yes . lost was regardless of it's ending, and z files was too , among the shows that spin their own mythos though this one is at the top of television science fiction and drama in overall quality, acting and general intelligence in overall direction and writing. However you have a storyline that must be watched and like all shows that tell a storyline over seasons you have to stick with it to see what's going to happen. There is no way in the first 8 episodes that you'd really know where things are heading but later on you can rewatch the show and understand the pattern of what was happening. So start here. And even if  you started watching this show from a  later date it's still great to watch this overall story develop. The blu ray version<br />looks fantastic with no artifacts and a perfect looking picture so this is the way to go. Yes there is a huge difference in blu ray and standard dvd quality don't kid yourself about that.  I love sci fi but even if you don't this show presents a mystery that takes seasons to begin to unravel so grab this one on blu ray.
B002RI90WM|5.0|This was one of those books that I picked up in an airport book store just to kill time with and I cannot tell you how pleasantly surprised I was. This book is a true gift, I found the story and the narrator (a dog) very engaging and believable. The payoff in the end is wonderful and the reader is left feeling very satisfied, not to mention, if you are a pet owner you will look at your dog in a whole new light. Enjoy
B003VIWO9I|4.0|I love Pratchett's stories, and I love what he has to say in most of his novels.  This one was very well written and I enjoyed getting to know Tiffany.  I had tried to read some of his earlier Tiffany Aching novels without much success.  I don't find them to be as funny as his more adult novels.  This one was no exception to that but I did enjoy the philosophical bent of this one.    If you're a Pratchett devotee you'll of course read this.  If you aren't, well one, you don't know what you're missing :) and two while this is not probably the best place to start from a humor perspective it's not a bad place to start because you don't need a lot of background to understand the characters.    It's not my favorite, but it's still good.
0316098337|5.0|I loved it!!! Excellent character development and emotionally engaging pace. Be prepared to laugh and cry. Innocent, honest Jack will have you looking at your own world from a whole new perspective.
0670021652|5.0|My title refers to both the author and the would-be reader. Times are, apparently, changing, and perhaps not for the best. Those readers who did not understand or like \\"Committed,\\" all seemed to be under 40. They showed little depth or experience with life and even complained about the \\"introspection\\" of the book. When I was in college, that word was high praise. Had they known themselves better they might have grasped the fact that this book is an inner-outer report of one woman's research on marriage and its history. It's a gentle guide by a gentle woman, someone who is perhaps a little more sensitive than the average -- as most writers are. If you do not have that sensitivity in your own soul, you will not recognize it in another's and therefore think they are over-reacting when, in fact, they are merely being normal --for them.<br /><br />This book is actually much better written than Eat Pray Love. It is heartening to see that Gilbert has improved so much. It is easier to follow and the sentences flow better. It has more honesty in it as well. I would wish every woman on the planet could read this book, especially before she gets married. It's that comprehensive and meaningful.<br /><br />As for Gilbert knowing herself, she does an admirable job at trying. What she fails to consider, possibly, is that she takes for granted that others will see her as she sees herself. This brings about miscommunication. Maybe in her mind she is writing for a certain group of knowledgeable friends who share her mindset. That's fine if you want to limit your readership. Perhaps if she took into consideration the many readers who do not share her mindset she might explain why something gave her such wrenching pain instead of just assuming her readers will understand. She might tell us what makes her different from another who is not full of pain in the same situation. But, let's face it, opening up your heart and soul for strangers is not an easy task. One is always measuring if one has gone too far or not far enough. Personally, I'd like to see Gilbert go just a little further.<br /><br />This book is well-worth the reading, not only for Gilbert's story, but also for the stories she ties into hers along the way. I really loved the perspective provided by her on marriage over time and how we \\"got this way.\\" I look forward to her next project.o far or not far enough. Personally, I'd like to see Gilbert go just a little further.    This book is well-worth the reading, not only for Gilbert's story, but also for the stories she ties into hers along the way. I really loved the perspective provided by her on marriage over time and how we \\"got this way.\\" I look forward to her next project.
0451169514|5.0|Like so many kids of my generation, I grew up watching and fearing the tv movie version of It. I've never been scared of clowns, but seeing Tim Curry's take on the homicidal dancing clown Pennywise kept me up many a night as a child. Compared to the Stephen King book, it's a Disney movie.<br /><br />In the fictional town of Derry, Maine circa 1985, a recent string of horrific child murders reunite a group of childhood friends called The Losers' Club to finally annihilate a sewer dwelling, shape shifting monster from another planet they'd attempted to destroy as adolescents nearly 27 years before. The Pennywise character is just one of It's many forms. The others include a bloodthirsty Werewolf, a Leper so deformed it'll make your stomach turn, reanimated corpse's of It's victims, and It's true form The Deadlights.<br /><br />There are too many scary scenes to list, but one location in particular still gives me chills. The House on Neibolt Street. I was so terrified I could barely get off the couch and it was during a sunny afternoon! The novel goes back and forth between the childhood years of the Losers and their final showdown with the creature. Just like the movie, I prefer the childhood chapters.<br /><br />I don't know if Stephen King did this on purpose, but I found it interesting how he turned the often called \\"good ole days\\" view of the 1950's on it's head. It may have been the good ole days to some, but it was anything but for these kids.<br /><br />Ringleader Bill suffers from a stutter made more severe by the murder of his baby brother Georgie. Ben is a pudgie kid tormented for his weight. Beverly, the only girl of the group, has an abusive father and must also deal with bullying because she's poor. The wisecracking Richie uses his quirky humor to cover up his true feelings of fear. Little Eddie is a short asthmatic boy whose domineering mother keeps him afraid in order to keep him by her side. Mike is the only black kid in the group and harassed with constant racism. Stan is the only Jewish member of the group and chooses to rely on logic despite the incomprehensible cruelty of It. As if dealing with a child eating monster isn't hard enough, they also have Henry Bowers and his cronies on their heels. Henry is a racist, misogynistic, homophobic, anti-semite and overall insanely sadistic bully. A real dream, huh?<br /><br />One thing I didn't care for (and I'm glad to see I'm not alone) is the orgy scene. I don't care what explanation Stephen King used for why it was written. It was unnecessary imo. Other than that, I enjoyed the book. Don't let the daunting 1138 pages scare you away. Although he's definitely longwinded, King will hold your attention from beginning to end. Now read! \\"Nine, ten, never sleep again!\\"ly Jewish member of the group and chooses to rely on logic despite the incomprehensible cruelty of It. As if dealing with a child eating monster isn't hard enough, they also have Henry Bowers and his cronies on their heels. Henry is a racist, misogynistic, homophobic, anti-semite and overall insanely sadistic bully. A real dream, huh?     One thing I didn't care for (and I'm glad to see I'm not alone) is the orgy scene. I don't care what explanation Stephen King used for why it was written. It was unnecessary imo. Other than that, I enjoyed the book. Don't let the daunting 1138 pages scare you away. Although he's definitely longwinded, King will hold your attention from beginning to end. Now read! \\"Nine, ten, never sleep again!\\"
0743277708|5.0|I'll jump on the bandwagon and laud this book.  I only got around to reading it in 2008, and it was hands-down the best book I read that year.  Certainly a classic I'd like to revisit one day and read to my kids.  The \\"fantasy\\" elements aren't too stylized, the dialogue isn't too intricate, but it comes across as an engrossing epic tale.  Perhaps it's amazing for that fact alone... Is there such thing as a simple epic? ;)
B000RIWAVW|5.0|What makes this film great is what it does not show.  There is no huge avalanche of blood, none of the sadistic torture porn cruelty that passes for horror these days.  It's mostly psychological, with the sociopathic, incurable Michael Myers watching and stalking young people, mostly women, in his hometown after escaping from a mental institution.<br /><br />Jamie Lee Curtis is wonderful as the scrappy Laurie Strode, who must try to protect herself as well as two young kids.<br /><br />The music is also very effective, with the thudding piano sounding much like the pounding heartbeat of a frightened person.<br /><br />Good stuff!
B0019EXZY4|5.0|Great movie if you love action, British humour & good acting. Jason Statham at his best! Good storyline with semi historical info tossed in to the usual Statham romp. A++
193413712X|3.0|This was a well written and poetic portrait of a dying man and his remembrance of his past, but it was simply said boring. The clock sections especially, and I found myself lost on a few occasions, but I believe mainly because I was wondering in my mind. This may be due to my own reading preferences and attention span but I was not engaged with the story nor riveted at any moment by any of the characters or plot sequences. 3 stars for wonderful prose and technique.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|It's no secret that Michael Jackson was incredibly talented and gifted musician, the fact that he also had a passion for his art must have helped. This two discs collection covering the man's entire career from the time he was a little kid up to his later years as one of the most famous person on this planet. It serves as an example of how great his music was and how it's still amazing today. Few artists have had the impact that MJ had on the music industry, Michael revolutionized it, and in the 1980's Michael was fashion. MJ's certainly has an interesting musical career and The Essential Michael Jackson is all the proof you need, we could go into how Thriller is the best selling album of all time, or how History is the best selling double disc album of all time, or how Blood On The Dance Floor is the best selling remix album... However the point here is not to demonstrate Michael's numerous accomplishments in the music industry, it's how good his music was.<br /><br />The first 8 songs of this greatest hits album are from Michael's time in the Jackson 5/ Jacksons. Then we get 4 songs from Off The Wall (1979), 7 songs from Thriller (1982), 8 from Bad (1987), 7 from Dangerous (1992) and 1 from both History (1995) and Invincible (2001). All the hits you would expect are here: Don't Stop `Till You Get Enough, Billie Jean, Thriller, Bad and much more. There isn't much to say about the songs included, they're all great in their own way and deserving to be on this \\"essential\\" collection. Besides the \\"Ultimate Collection\\" boxed set, this compilation is by far the most comprehensive look at Michael's career. It covers not only his solo career but his early years as a child with the Jackson 5/ Jacksons which is a nice feature of this compilation disc, Michael Jackson compilations tend to be focused only on his solo career.<br /><br />I can't hide the fact that I'm a little disappointed that there is only one song from both History and Invincible. Those latter years album were not huge hits for Michael (although History sold very well and went on to become the most successful double disc album of all time) but I still like them both and thought more songs from these albums could/should have been included. \\"They Don't Care About Us\\" and \\"Earth Song\\" are excellent songs from History that would have been excellent to have on a career-spawning collection. From Invincible I think \\"Whatever Happens\\" should have been here and perhaps \\"Butterflies\\". It's easy to understand why almost nothing from these albums was included, they do not really match the pop \\"hits\\" in terms of lyrics or musicality, they are much more personal and less accessible than material from Thriller or Bad for instance. That aside, The Essential Michael Jackson gives buyers what they really want, the hits and more well-known songs. I must add it does a good job at doing so!<br /><br />The Essential Michael Jackson does an excellent job of going further than your average compilation and offers Michael's hits and some of his best songs. The fact that it covers his entire career is great; you get a proper overview of Jackson's music. For someone who is relatively new to Michael Jackson's music this is really The Essential Michael Jackson.  4  /5.s for Michael (although History sold very well and went on to become the most successful double disc album of all time) but I still like them both and thought more songs from these albums could/should have been included. \\"They Don't Care About Us\\" and \\"Earth Song\\" are excellent songs from History that would have been excellent to have on a career-spawning collection. From Invincible I think \\"Whatever Happens\\" should have been here and perhaps \\"Butterflies\\". It's easy to understand why almost nothing from these albums was included, they do not really match the pop \\"hits\\" in terms of lyrics or musicality, they are much more personal and less accessible than material from Thriller or Bad for instance. That aside, The Essential Michael Jackson gives buyers what they really want, the hits and more well-known songs. I must add it does a good job at doing so!    The Essential Michael Jackson does an excellent job of going further than your average compilation and offers Michael's hits and some of his best songs. The fact that it covers his entire career is great; you get a proper overview of Jackson's music. For someone who is relatively new to Michael Jackson's music this is really The Essential Michael Jackson.  4  /5.
B000L212HW|5.0|This film previewed like just another run of the mill throw-a-couple-big names-together-and-add-FX action flick. Geeezzzz, that is so NOT what this film is! Being an extreme enthusiast of films that are NOT FULL of wasteful/weak/cheezy dialogue and fake character bonding/development, this movie totally drew me in. VERY good lines, VERY authentic relationships, and VERY strong characters! One of those, \\"the more you watch it, the more it grows on you\\"! Really, it's a modern classic with the feel of a 70's/80's sci-fi/horror film. As well as Matthew M.'s BEST performance EVER! (I NEVER thought he could come across as such a tough/brutal/asskicker in ANY film, EVER!) This is really a must-have AND I see they are, at the moment, .85 cents for the used DVD!!! wow! WOW!<br />I'd pay 20X that if I didn't already own it! GET THIS DVD NOW! Satisfaction GUARANTEED!
0312600844|1.0|Hated it.  It starts out pretty good and then it never ends!  One of the worst books ever!
B004132HZS|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Holmes \\"canon.\\"  And, a relative purist at that.  Thus, I am one of those Sherlockians addled by the Basil Rathbone adaptations: loosely based on Doyle's work ( sometimes straying altogether) and featuring a Watson so removed from my imaginings that he became almost unrecognizable in all of his befuddled tomfoolery.<br /><br />I was a little skeptical of the new Sherlock when I first heard of its conception. A longtime fan of the Moffatt Dr. Who age, I was fairly certain that the writing would be up to snuff and that Moffatt and Gatiss would live up to their self-proclaimed status of Holmes aficionado.  However, the casting, at first glance, seemed awkward.<br /><br />Was I ever wrong!  I think next to Brett, Benedict Cumberbatch has solidly secured his place as the definitive Sherlock Holmes.  While those who subscribe to the iconical version of Holmes ( more of the Rathbone and William Gillette and less the Sidney Paget ), will be at first surprised by the look of Benedict Cumberbatch: his physiognomy, facial structure, almost ethereally penetrating glance and quick, languid movements are rooted in source material.<br /><br />In turn, Martin Freeman perfectly fits the smart, stoic and patient role of Dr. Watson.<br /><br />The chemistry between the two actors, as explored in the novels and short stories, is palpable and a joy to watch.  In fact, it is their burgeoning relationship and their individual growths that dictate the series' success.<br /><br />That and the fact that it is a perfect symbiosis of classic text with modern technology and setting. Drawing on The Adventure of the Dancing Men, the Sign of Four, the Final Problem, the Bruce Partington Plans, etc., Holmesians will revel in the winks and nudges toward original stories and relish each carefully construed piece fabricating the world of Holmes and Watson.<br /><br />Lestrade, Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson flesh out the Holmes and Watson stories with intricate skill.  The inevitable appearance  of Moriarty ( as well as his carefully whispered name infusing each story ) is climactic, intense and downright finger-biting fun.<br /><br />Like the Holmes stories of yore, London is a brilliantly rendered character: hansom cabs have been replaced for taxis and Simpsons (Sherlock's favourite restaurant) with a snappy Italian in Westminster) ; but the inspiration is acute.<br /><br />I was especially dazzled by the scenes in St. Bart's ---perfectly mirroring the famous meeting of Holmes and Watson in A Study in Scarlet.  From Sherlock's extraordinarily violent experiment on a fresh cadaver to his immediate recognition of Watson's return from war-torn Afghanistan, this is the epitome of strong and stunning adaptation.<br /><br />Like the best literary adaptations ( think the gargantuan task of re-imagining Patrick O'Brian's 21 volume Aubrey and Maturin canon into the exceptional Master and Commander) , the BBC Sherlock captures the essence and spark of source material.<br /><br />We could spend hours dissecting each and every ounce of minutiae and how it does/doesn't translate to a modern audience.... But the brilliance of Sherlock's mind; his method and his relationship with Watson are all century agnostic.<br /><br />True devotees will revel in the style and tribute to Holmes and, moreover, in the series' ultimate proof that literary genius is timeless: regardless of medium, setting and centurytable appearance  of Moriarty ( as well as his carefully whispered name infusing each story ) is climactic, intense and downright finger-biting fun.              Like the Holmes stories of yore, London is a brilliantly rendered character: hansom cabs have been replaced for taxis and Simpsons (Sherlock's favourite restaurant) with a snappy Italian in Westminster) ; but the inspiration is acute.         I was especially dazzled by the scenes in St. Bart's ---perfectly mirroring the famous meeting of Holmes and Watson in A Study in Scarlet.  From Sherlock's extraordinarily violent experiment on a fresh cadaver to his immediate recognition of Watson's return from war-torn Afghanistan, this is the epitome of strong and stunning adaptation.         Like the best literary adaptations ( think the gargantuan task of re-imagining Patrick O'Brian's 21 volume Aubrey and Maturin canon into the exceptional Master and Commander) , the BBC Sherlock captures the essence and spark of source material.         We could spend hours dissecting each and every ounce of minutiae and how it does/doesn't translate to a modern audience.... But the brilliance of Sherlock's mind; his method and his relationship with Watson are all century agnostic.         True devotees will revel in the style and tribute to Holmes and, moreover, in the series' ultimate proof that literary genius is timeless: regardless of medium, setting and century
142311339X|4.0|After the defeat of the Titans, a new, more terrible danger has arisen and Percy Jackson has mysteriously disappeared.  At the same time Percy disappeared, Jason, a son of Jupiter (the Roman version of Zeus) appears with no memory of who he is or his past.  While Annabeth and most of the Camp Half-Blood demigods are busy trying to find Percy, Jason and his demigod friends, Piper and Leo must save one of the gods of Olympus and unravel the mystery of Jason's past.    I liked the introduction of the Roman aspects of the Olympian gods and the new heroes Jason, Piper and Leo.  But I found \\"The Lost Hero\\" a little slower to get the heroes into the quest and more time in the beginning spent going into the back story of the key heroes than most of the Percy Jackson series.  However, by the last half of the book, things moved along at the breakneck pace we've all come to expect from Rick Riordan. Best of all, it looks like this group of new heroes will have join the heroes from Camp Half-Blood to battle monsters and beings more evil and powerful than the Titans.       All and all this looks like a great follow-up to the Percy Jackson series!
B002ONC9NC|4.0|An Education is one of the more stylish movies of the past few years. Set in swinging 1960s Britain, it features Jenny: a rapt, wide-eyed and be-dimpled teenager with remarkable maturity and taste.<br />Jenny's life is encompassed by all roads leading to Oxford.  At dinner, she and her parents ( her father is hilariously played by Alfred Molina ) discuss what her evening's affairs will be: will she study English or Latin? Does she need to go to the Youth Orchestra to play the cello---seeing as this facet of her life is to fill the \\"interest or hobby\\" compartment of her Oxford application.<br /><br />Jenny is smart ( she answers all of the questions on Jane Eyre under the adept eye of her favourite schoolteacher ---- a dashingly reserved Olivia Williams) and sophisticated.  She catches the eye of cute Graham, a young man in the orchestra desperate to appease her parents and smokes with her friends while talking about the Bourgeois and lacing her burgeoning vocabulary with French.<br /><br />One rainy afternoon, the much older David pulls over in a sleek maroon car and offers to give her cello a ride.  He is equal parts suave and persuasive charm and soon he is sending her flowers, inviting her to St.John Smith Square to hear Ravel and charming her parents into submission.  A 16 year old attending a concert and supper with a 35 year old is a little striking: even in the 1960s.<br /><br />The plot continues to develop Jenny's relationship with David, her struggle with preparation of her A-levels and her sexual awakening.<br /><br />The film poses a few disturbing dilemmas that only bear light when the music, patterns and colour of gorgeous 1960s life is peeled back in layers.  What most rattled me was how easy Jenny's parents were taken in by David's seductive charm. Even at the mention of marriage, Jenny's father---so hell-bent on Oxford for so long--- is willing to relinquish his dreams for his daughter in exchange for what he believes to be a cultured and sophisticated son-in-law.<br /><br />Secondly, I was horrified by Jenny's limited options in a seemingly limitless age. Jenny's English teacher confronts her about her affair and is exasperated by Jenny's seeming disinterest in her bright mind and the education that awaits her, cloistered in Oxford's walls.  Jenny cannot reconcile herself into accepting one life choice (one of books and knowledge that, as a woman in a structured time could very well end in nothingness) over another (weekend getaways to Paris, Chanel 5 perfume and hot jazz clubs and delightful pre-Raphaelite art and cello concerts).<br /><br />Jenny's choice seems weighted in the eventual sacrifice of one.  Jenny's cultural education is very much formed outside of the school walls with David and his two nonchalant friends.  Jenny's life education, as well, seems mostly to evolve when in the company of those who reflect her maturity, sophistication and (as is a major motif in the film ) taste.<br /><br />Maybe what was most disturbing for me, in addition to the narrow field, the acceptance of a confused engagement over education, the walls upon walls young women hit in 1960s Britain as they attempted to chafe the rigour of mature and educated society, was how much I identified with Jenny and how, given circumstance, I could empathize with her need to form a very unreliable alliance.  Of course she was captivated and easily won when pursued.<br /><br />David, her suitor, is threatening mostly because he glides into her life with such resonant charm. Indeed, after his failings are blatantly spread across the screen's canvas, the viewer is still inclined to regard him with a sense of serene awe.<br /><br />A 35 year old man seducing a 16 year old girl is, when brandished in its true light, a remarkably unsettling thing.  But, of course, Nick Hornby is here, complicating its erroneous tenure with quick wit and dialogue; subdued (and outright) charm; maturity, music and colour.<br /><br />A favourite scene has Jennytraipsing to Oxford on a weekend getaway with David and his friends.  Only allowed to go overnight because her father was enchanted by the fact that Jenny would meet C.S. Lewis,  the two share a hotel room and Jenny loses her virginity.<br /><br />The Lewis motif strikes foremost: Jenny's mother exclaims how Jenny was captivated by the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe: that epoch of self-discovery, childish innocence ( and temptation ) and the coloured worlds of wintered Narnia.  Likewise, Jenny steps through her own \\"wardrobe\\", slaking off all of the childish things she once knew and that, of late, have been estranged to her.<br /><br />One is also committed to Jenny's past association with Oxford: its spires a haunting remembrance of cloistered education and yet, with David et al., it flashes a different light: of culture and pubs---beyond the strict academia she had so long associated with it.<br /><br />An Education is a complicated and troubling film with sparkle in bucket-loads ( thanks to Nick Hornby, in particular).  Carey Mulligan is like a young ing&eacute;nue Hepburn: gracing the screen and owning the time period: part woman and girl coming, like the character she is portraying, finally into her own.David and his friends.   Only allowed to go overnight because her father was enchanted by the fact that Jenny would meet C.S. Lewis,  the two share a hotel room and Jenny loses her virginity.        The Lewis motif strikes foremost: Jenny's mother exclaims how Jenny was captivated by the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe: that epoch of self-discovery, childish innocence ( and temptation ) and the coloured worlds of wintered Narnia.   Likewise, Jenny steps through her own \\"wardrobe\\", slaking off all of the childish things she once knew and that, of late, have been estranged to her.        One is also committed to Jenny's past association with Oxford: its spires a haunting remembrance of cloistered education and yet, with David et al., it flashes a different light: of culture and pubs---beyond the strict academia she had so long associated with it.        An Education is a complicated and troubling film with sparkle in bucket-loads ( thanks to Nick Hornby, in particular).  Carey Mulligan is like a young ingnue Hepburn: gracing the screen and owning the time period: part woman and girl coming, like the character she is portraying, finally into her own.
B003VS0CYC|1.0|so you can buy it for under ten bucks anywhere (and  we all  know it not  only is a bad transfer but has NONE of the great bonus features available on the normal DVDs)..so all you get for your huge investment is a bare bones 2 and 3...    I can't believe I got suckered into buying this but I couldn't imagine them doing this at that price...fool me once...well I'll wait in the future until some other person  does the experimenting.
B00009V7PJ|4.0|Saw Cher in Vegas and wanted capture the memory.  This DVD is very much the same as the Vegas show.  Lots of fun.  Misses the energy of seeing her live at Caesars but if you could can that no one would go to a concert.
B001MEJY8W|1.0|I foolishly thought this film would be other than worthless, paranoid, horrifying graphic, pretentious crap.   Having viewed \\"Salo\\" and even the fascinating documentary \\"Graphic Sexual Horror\\" and found them interesting I thought I could watch anything.  This film was gross in detail of injury, silly in plot, and alas boring.  I want a refund, and my time back wasted watching this.
1594488843|5.0|I had the privilege of hearing Daniel Pink speak at the Pershing Insite conference this year (2010).  What he said at that conference was one of the most remarkable insights I have ever heard from a conference speaker.  And it takes us, as a developed society and economy, to a core issue - who are we?  Are we the industrial manufacturing power of the past, our heyday gone, to be supplanted by a new manufacturing powerhouse, be it China or India?  Are our best days as a nation and society in our past?  Or, might this be a transitional era, pregnant with possibility if we can master the new landscape.<br /><br />While Mr. Pink does not directly answer those questions (for that matter, who could at this point) he does point the way.  In a truly flattened world, those algorithmic tasks that are the staple of manufacturing economies will migrate to where they can be done at the least expense.  Where does that leave the United States and the western world?  In a place where they must transition from builders to planners, for in this flattened environment the most valuable commodity is creativity and vision, the ability to forge the way forward.<br /><br />Unfortunately, our business and education systems are still preparing people for the way the world was vs. the way it is and will be.  But the contribution this book makes is to show that in spite of these failings in our society some are adapting to this new reality and how as individuals we can adapt to it as well.  I have barely scratched the surface of the content of this book, which is extremely well researched and provides a great deal of psychological studies to back up the assertions made.  And, perhaps the best part of the book is the final section that provides resources to turn to to put into practice what you have learned.  That section alone is worth the price of the book.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|Amazing sound quality for the price. I tried the 7509's and I like the sound quality of the 7506 much better!
B004132I4S|5.0|The sudden arrival of a new album and EP by Sufjan seems to come at the end of a long period of drought. In fact, in the years since Illinois, Sufjan released a double album-length outtakes album (The Avalanche) which proved that the Illinois sessions were one of the most fruitful single album sessions in music history (if the material were to be spread over vinyl-length albums, it would make up not a double but a quadruple album set without any significant dip in quality), plus a full-length classical work (The BQE). It's not that he has been away for a long stretch; it's just that so many people seemed to want a proper follow-up to Illinois (read, more of the same please). Now, at the end of 2010, we get over two hours of new Sufjan music. The so-called EP turned out to be an album length work itself, while the new album clocks in at an hour and a quarter.     The Age of Adz is an album that blends electronic sounds with choirs and symphonic pop. The sound occasionally harks back to earlier Sufjan but for the most part this is bold new musical territory. If I had to compare this work with a comparable one in any other artist's career, I would suggest Kate Bush's The Dreaming, which similarly confounded expectations and experimented with bold new sounds back in the eighties. Kate had previously found great success with idiosyncratic but gorgeously melodic songs that were also delicate and whimsical, a quality some of Sufjan's best-known songs share. She later described The Dreaming as her \\"she's gone mad album,\\" because on it she had crafted complex soundscapes where the melodies were often buried deep and the abrupt shifts in tone were often jarring; Kate also experimented with the sound of her voice and with the sort of instruments (piano, mainly) that were expected of her. The title track of The Dreaming seems to share something of the primitive, apocalyptic flavour one finds on the title track of The Age of Adz. The Dreaming caused confusion, but was a major step forward that eventually led to her masterpiece, Hounds of Love. Sufjan has made a similar sonic leap here.    The first thing to note about the electronic sounds on this new album is that they are neither bells and whistles nor an attempt to sabotage the commercial appeal of the music (a la the barbed guitar that Sufjan used to undercut the sweetness in the exquisite Avalanche track \\"Springfield\\") . One review in the press has described these sounds as like listening to a Super Mario Bros. game.  On the first few listens they do indeed seem like unnecessary and distracting embellishments on the songs, the sort of pops and beeps that bristle along the surface and generally annoy. Persevere, though, and it becomes clear not not a single sound is out of place. I speak as someone who has shown absolutely no interest in electronic music before; now, having played the album about ten times, all of the sounds, even the most shrill, glaring and seemingly grafted on the top, contribute to the whole in the same way that every single instrument in an orchestra and every note played contribute to a piece of classical music.    What Sufjan seems to be interested in doing as an artist is in changing the materials he uses to create his art, and in this case even in using the sort of materials that good taste dictates shouldn't be used at all. That is why we have the rasps and pops and vocoder-altered vocals. However, if you had given an artist like Picasso a bunch of materials like glue, glitter, cardboard and milk bottle tops, you still would have got a Picasso at the end of the day. The end result is the same here: another masterwork by the greatest songwriter and musician of his generation.     Sufjan has spoken in the past about his interest in making people unsure whether the music they're listening to is good or bad. In other words, he seems to want to play with people's notions of good taste. Just as Spinal Tap saw the fine line between genius and stupid, there is also asurprisingly fine line between good taste and bad, and this is what seems to interest Sufjan, and why he has gone down this particular road (not to mention recording Songs For Christmas). Walking this line is obviously perilous for most artists. In fact, only one one kind of person can do it successfully. It's the G word again. There is definitely a strong tendency in Sufjan and on this album in particular to flirt with the absurd and the kitsch (just witness the cheerleading choruses on Impossible Soul). The important thing, though, is that the end result is brilliant.    There is not a single misstep here. In fact there is nothing that is merely good. Astonishing and brave, this is Sufjan's third masterpiece and I welcome the next one.
076535618X|2.0|I was looking forward to reading more by this author after reading \\"Old Man's War\\". I waited for the price on this book to drop, and I can't imagine why it took so long. I was excited when it finally arrived, but got halfway into it and gave up. What a disappointment!      The story might have been fun to read when I was a teenager. It certainly reads like young adult fiction, with alien bad guys that look like werewolves, a host of one dimensional characters, and a few just plain silly plot constructions. Scalzi also spends entirely too much time walking the reader through all he mundane politics and logistics of colonizing a new world with a bunch of amateurs. All of it's simply too unlikely, to the point of being irritating.     Not everybody can be Michael Crichton or Richard K Morgan, obviously, but with this poor effort, Scalzi doesn't even try.
1582406723|5.0|This is the best comic I've ever read. I'm going to buy the other ones for sure. It's not a lame story about zombies, it's a story about Rick's life during the hardest time of his life, dealing with the zombies, fighting for his life, and his family's too. And it really makes you think about society these days, so yeah, it's pretty cool. :)
B003R0LBVW|3.0|This book definitely kept my interest. I think that Franzen's short, choppy and \\"rapid fire\\" writing style might have become tedious if I had been reading the text.  As it was, I listened to it on my daily work commute and it moved rather quickly. I found myself to be utterly indifferent to most of the characters. Each was flawed which admittedly made them interesting but I was disappointed as I sought and failed to find one redeeming quality from among the lot of them. I just stopped caring about the characters. The not-so-subtle environmental message was a bit preachy. The issue was presented in such black and white terms that I couldn't relate to either side. If I had most and least favorite characters they would be Walter and Patty, respectively. I can recommend this book with a clear conscience but with one caveat: your life will not be enriched or uplifted by this book.  I understand that we all have different reasons for reading and therefore this book will fulfill different needs for different individuals.
1582701709|5.0|wonderful book that was suggested by a friend in Germany. Great stuff. Will be something I would pass around to others too.
B000NA2BEU|1.0|I bought this series on 8-22 for my girlfriend. We both have rather busy lives and she doesn't get a chance to watch a whole lot of tv. I also bought the second season for her as well. (no problem with that one)... By the time she got around to watching the series the 30 day return policy had expired. The dvds did not play properly and I have no way of returning then for an exchange. Just wanted to make a note to anyone interested. Need to see if they play properly before the return time runs out. Now I'm stuck with a series that's no good :/  ...
0671646788|5.0|Great book...helping me change the way I think already...highly recommend it if you are wanting to get out of your rut and think more broadly...you are worth more than you think and this book helps you realize that.
B002ZG99CC|3.0|I'm a huge Jackie Chan fan. I've been buying his movies for decades and have read his autobiography \\"I Am Jackie Chan\\" multiple times. As he ages it is only inevitable that he slow down and establish himself as an actor instead of merely a martial arts wonder. In China, this is not a problem for him, but in American films he has relied on his sense of humor to carry him as he struggles with mastering the nuances of English.<br /><br />In \\"The Karate Kid,\\" it is evident that his efforts have paid off. His performance is far more textured than in any of his previous American work and he steps up as a worthy successor to Pat Morita. Young Jaden Smith is also growing into his acting chops and although his performance is somewhat uneven, he handles his role well enough that it's easy to believe he is headed for a solid acting career even without the presence of his superstar father and talented mother.<br /><br />What follows may contain spoilers, so do not proceed unless you have either already seen the film or don't mind knowing plot devices in advance.<br /><br />The two leads are not the problem with this film. Where things come somewhat off the rails is in the script and directing. Most of the audience for this movie is already very familiar with the plot. As a result, the script is sloppy. Instead of building the relationships between the \\"events\\" of the story, the script settles for throwing people together in an entirely predictable manner. Also, everything is just too convenient and implausible. When the youngster arrives in China there is an instant American friend just waiting for him. Within moments this stranger is helping carry luggage and showing Jaden the ropes. The character development of the entire movie is glossed over in this sort of \\"convenient\\" manner.<br /><br />In the final tournament, there are multiple moments that would simply not be allowed in an actual martial arts tourney. Fighters get knocked out of the circle and simply walk back in and resume fighting without warning. The sole exception of course, is Jaden's character. He gets warned in the very first match, which makes the repeatedly ignored infractions that occur as the tournament continues all the more obvious. In addition, illegal wrestling and mixed martial arts moves are not only allowed, but are awarded points instead of warnings. Anyone that has participated in, or attended one of these events at a local dojo will quickly see the liberties the director takes to make the action sequences all the more exciting. In essence, the film repeatedly sacrifices accuracy for visual flair.<br /><br />The supporting cast does a very nice job although the mother in the film is given little to do but whine, cheer, and overact. In fact, when her son places the trophy in front of her at the end of the film, she is too busy ogling the thing to show a hint of concern for her child, who can't put weight on his leg and can barely stand because of the agony of his injuries. No mother on earth would behave in this manner and it's just the last of a long list of cases where the script and direction let this movie down.<br /><br />I'm giving this movie 3 stars on the Amazon scale because of the performances of the two male leads. Also, although they pay some homage to the parlor trick method of teaching kung fu (wax on - wax off... jacket on, jacket off, etc) there are lengthy montages showcasing just how hard the character has to work to learn the art itself.<br /><br />Overall this is a decent movie to watch if you're looking to kill a rainy evening. As long as you don't set the bar too high, there is a lot of fun to be had.<br /><br />Special features on the DVD are also a bit of a disappointment. I Think this is the first Jackie Chan movie I've ever watched that did not feature a \\"don't try this at home\\" reel for example. There are no outtakes or bloopers either. There are some previews (including a gratuitous trailer for Hancock so daddy can try to move some of the unsold inventory) and a short \\"making of\\" featurette. Other than a music video, you're pretty much out of luck.<br /><br />It's sad to watch Jackie Chan slowing down. But it's a joy to see him becoming just as competent a leading man in an English speaking role as he is speaking in his native tongue. This is a decent movie that should have been a whole lot better.r than a music video, you're pretty much out of luck.    It's sad to watch Jackie Chan slowing down. But it's a joy to see him becoming just as competent a leading man in an English speaking role as he is speaking in his native tongue. This is a decent movie that should have been a whole lot better.
1595141715|5.0|To say that I loved this book would be a little twisted. Instead, I say that it was breathtaking, shocking, and moving. As I heard the story of Hannah's suicide unfold (through Clay's ears), I felt my heart being pulled in so many different directions: I was feeling bad for Clay, having to hear it all, angry at those who made Hannah hurt, pitying for Hannah having to suffer through it, but at the same time frustated at her for taking her own life. Seeing Clay's side of the story as well as Hannah's, it becomes obvious how little we really see. This book has a powerful message that is conveyed chillingly and with artistry. It is, really and truly, haunting.
B003S897U0|5.0|This CD is acoustic Crowes...it throws in a bit of soul, country, and rock for their classic songs. Chris is solid, but its the band that makes this CD great. If you are a Crowes follower, its a must-have.
0312600844|1.0|I cannot believe this book was recommended by Oprah.  I found the majority of it unbelieveable and even the characters seem to have no redeming features...There is no doubt that Franzen is a good author but he is wasting his time with all this dribble...I will think twice before I ever read another of his books..
1439181780|5.0|I bought this book as a companion to the Secret and I was going through some very bad times (divorce, homeless, jobless) and this book really helped me to overcome the emotional issues involved with being in the situation I was in.  It helped me to realize that hating the ex only made things worse for me.  Dwelling on the bad things in my life, only brought me more bad things.  Now I live with the thought that Love and Gratitude are the keys to my new life.  Not only do I now have a place of my own but I'm happier and have virtually no stress left in my life.  I highly recommend this book and even though it may seem too easy to be true, take it from me, this works and works so much better then I ever imagined.
B0006L0LOS|3.0|The DVD was everything that I expected it to be. The quality of the movie was good and the sound had no problems.    The movie itself was fun to watch. The simple plot was more than compensated by the presence of Sharon Stone and Halle Berry. I thought both did their best with the little that they had to work with.    The CGI team tried to blend in with the live action. For the most part, they succeeded.    The feature on the history of Catwoman was okay. I would say good but it's pretty clear that this version of Catwoman has no relation to the comics, television shows or movies covered in the feature.
0374158460|1.0|I just finished chapter 2 and had to check the reviews as I had trusted Oprah who crooned about how amazing this book was on her show.  I thought it was just me not enjoying the read at all!!!  All has been said and then some!  I am going back to Chapters book store to see if they will give me a refund.  I have never attempted this but I am really pissed off! Oprah owes millions of people an apology for recommending this trash as the best book ever!  Give me a break!!!!!
0756665949|5.0|In a sideways world, the last ten minutes of LOST had nothing to do with purgatory, and all the fans of the show would be lining up at the bookstore or have already ordered this incredibly rich and dense tome of the LOST universe.  In our world, true LOST fans will gradually realize how much they miss the show, and will find themselves drawn to this fact-packed recap of the series we loyally followed for six years.  There are lots of behind-the-scenes tidbits supplied by the LOST creators, and it's a pleasure to be able to look at the schematics of the Hydra station and Jacob's wheel of fortune without having to freeze-frame your DVR or DVD.<br /><br />I will be savoring this book, and keeping it near me whenever I get the urge to watch any LOST episodes again.<br /><br />My one complaint, besides those final tenminutes of the show, is that it took too long to come out.
B003J27WFW|5.0|It doesn't matter how long you have followed the band, this film is a top notch following of the band and recalling of their history.  The band tells the story in their own words with plenty of concert footage and extra photos to accompany it.  Very complete up through \\"Moving Pictures\\", then it seems to get a bit thin talking about the following albums up to \\"Counterparts.\\"  Read \\"Contents Under Pressure\\" to fill in those gaps.  Disk 2 has some great and funny bits on it.  I've only had it about 3 weeks and have watched it over and over.  It doesn't get tiring to watch.  Love them or not so much, you'll have a greater appreciation for them and their work afterwords.
B003XIO7ZK|5.0|I love the intro to this album. all the good power metal bands have awesome intros on their albums. vocalist Chris Boltendahl has a striking resemblance to Lemmy Kilminster of Motorhead. song no. 3, entitled \\"Hammer of the Scots\\" starts out soft and then the energy hits you. I love the solos on this album, and the bagpipes also make an excellent touch to the album. I love the vocals, guitar, bass, keyboard, and drum arrangement, and on this album all instruments work together instead of against each other. song no. 5, entitled \\"The Clans Will Rise Again\\", is sort of a power ballad, which is something you would normally hear with hard rock and glam metal bands. Grave Digger has been around the metal map. it is a good thing that they signed to Napalm Records. I recommend this album to metal fans that love a variety of genres.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|I will keep it short and to the point. This was a great reboot to the series. I was so hesitant to see this and put it off for a long time and finally I saw it for a very good price and picked it up. I was very impressed with the film. I found myself captivated the entire time and found the action very good as well. It was a nice refreshing take on a old franchise. The dialogue in the movie is very well written and the casting was top notch. So basically if you are a fan of the old star trek or just a fan of science fiction in general do you youreself a favor and pick this up. Its well worth it.
1439133948|5.0|Cryoburn (2010) is the fourteenth SF novel in the Vorkosigan series, following [[ASIN:0743436121 Diplomatic Immunity]].  The initial volume in this series is [[ASIN:0671655744 Shards of Honor]].<br /><br />In the previous novel, Miles and Ekaterin were returning to Barrayar from their honeymoon.  Miles was enjoying the baby pictures when their ship captain interrupted with a message.  A Barrayaran Imperial courier was overtaking them with a data disk for him.<br /><br />The disk carried a message from the Emperor.  A Komarran trade fleet and its escorts had been impounded at Graf Station.  The quaddies were rather upset by a murder and an invasion of the station by Barrayaran ship security.<br /><br />Miles was the nearest Imperial Auditor to the station.  Miles, Ekaterin and Roic transferred to the courier while the rest of his party went to Barrayar.  Ekaterin wondered why he was taking her and Miles said that she calmed him.<br /><br />The situation at Graf Station was a real mess.  Solian was missing and presumed dead due to the quantity of blood left behind.  Corbeau was accused of desertion and kept in protective custody by Graf Station Security.  Several security troopers were also in custody on the station for trying to arrest Corbeau.<br /><br />Brun saw enemies behind all these events.  Vorpatril tended to agree with Brun.  Miles saw incompetence and prejudice in the Barrayarans involved in the incident.<br /><br />In this novel, Miles Vorkosigan is an Imperial Auditor in the service of Emperor Gregor of Barrayar.  He is married to Ekaterin and they have four children.  Miles is also the heir of his father the Count.<br /><br />Roic is an Armsman in Mile's service.  As such, he is primarily a bodyguard, but also performs other duties.<br /><br />Jin Sato is an eleven year old boy.  He has run away from home with his pets.<br /><br />In this story, Miles is visiting the planet of Kibou-daim for a conference on Cryonics.  Roic is so bored that he is having trouble staying awake.  He is starting to believe the rumor that Lady Ekaterin and the empress have cooked up this job to get his master off planet.<br /><br />Then Miles disappears one day and won't talk about it until back in the hotel room.  After setting up the previously unused bug jammer, Miles mentions that someone has tried to bribe him.  Apparently this break is important to his master.<br /><br />Then an anti-cryogenics organization takes several hostages in the hotel.  Roic practically throws some conventioneers into the elevator and tells them to flee.  But he is captured and taken away.<br /><br />The group has also captured Miles, but they use a soporific spray to which he is allergic.  He becomes manic and escapes his abductors.  But now he is lost in the cryo-storage tunnels under the city.<br /><br />After walking in the dark for hours and perceiving visions of falling angels, Miles finally wanders into the streets.  He sees two creatures coming toward him, one a beaded lizard and the other a butterbug.  The butterbug warns the lizard not to talk to him and they depart the area.<br /><br />Although other living things seem transformed, inanimate objects remain the same.  Miles sits on the ground and falls asleep.  Later, the lizard comes back and offers him a place to stay.<br /><br />After another long sleep, Miles finds himself on top of an abandoned cryogenic facility.  Back into his human visage, Jin introduces Miles to the woman leading the community.  Miles sends Jin to the Barrayaran consulate with a note.<br /><br />This tale leads Miles into much more that he expected.  He had come to the conference to learn more about a cryogenics company building a facility on Komarr.  Now he finds another, much more complicated plot.<br /><br />It has been eight years since the last Vorkosigan adventure and it may be just as long until the next.  Meanwhile, the author has been writing other works, such as the [[ASIN:0380979012 Chalion]] and [[ASIN:0061137588 Sharing Knife]] series.  Read and enjoy!<br /><br />Highly recommended for Bujold fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of interstellar adventure, political intrigue, and clever investigators.<br /><br />-Arthur W. Jordin
0525951652|5.0|I also was shocked by the Kindle price.  Fortunately, I had a B&N gift certificate!  I bought the hardback book, and it is really worth the read.  The same great character-writing that Follet showed in Pillars of the Earth, etc. are here in this book.  I hope that the reviewers here who decided not to buy the book and rated it anyway will not deter you from getting a hold of it somehow.  Whether you buy the hardback, borrow it from the library, or swallow hard and buy the Kindle version, I think you will be pleased you read it.
0765326353|5.0|I was already a Brandon Sanderson fan before I read The Way of the Kings. TWOTK has a different pace than his previous novels- it's a little more detailed and not as rushed, certainly because this is an epic tale that will be told in a 10 book series.     That being said, I found it mesmerizing and I think that this his best book yet! I really, really cared about the characters. Another plus is that Sanderson does an excellent job at writing female characters, in his previous books and in this book as well. I love reading about women (and men) who are strong and intelligent and well rounded- not just plot devices and window dressing.    I cannot wait for the next book to be released!
1400063736|5.0|His stunt stunned the people below.  They strained their eyes and craned their necks toward a slim opening of the universe and in the early daylight they saw a tiny speck, a bird-like creature move in the thin air.  He walked, danced, stood still, then shuffled again from side to side, first with one foot placed in front of the other, then only on his heels, now on his toes, with one foot in the air, turning around and around, and around again, sitting down, and finally prancing along a pliable wire that stretched across the heavens from south to north, from north to south, strung between the towers of the World Trade Center.      It was on August 7, 1974, a hot day in New York City, the day before Richard Nixon resigned, when he realized he could no longer balance the high-wire act of politics; on that summer day Philippe Petit, the French acrobat supreme, the immigrant itinerant, traversed the towers on a tightrope.  He made it look so simple.  Those watching thought it was an illusion, done with mirrors, the man held in the air by a helicopter.  But he was no Mary Martin or Mary Poppins; Petit was the real McCoy, the genuine article.      On that morning, as they came up the steps of the subway station, got off the bus, picked up their morning coffee and went about their daily routines, real time crowds of Manhattanites witnessed Petit's magic act.  People watched from office windows and later generations saw raw footage from home movies, read and listened to news reports, watched PBS's American Experience program, and screened the academy award winner, \\"Man on Wire.\\"      At first the act stunned and then, almost immediately, thrilled the public, for the audience was pleased to turn its attention away not only from Nixon but also from the grimness and solemnity of the on-going war in Vietnam: better to talk about Petit and dream about becoming a free spirit.        In 2009, Colum McCann's novel, \\"Let the Great World Spin\\" won the National Book Award. Its story is about a collection of New Yorkers who are held together in literature, and perhaps in life, by the thin wire that supported Petit's audacious feat.  Why one of us joyfully ends up in an exhilarated mid-air collision with the fates of the wind, hovering between the buildings of the WTC, and another of us struggles to maintain a modicum of dignity while toiling in the darkness underneath the Major Deegan Expressway, is just one of McCann's searches.      His story weaves the tales of apparently random folks who, like most New Yorkers, are two-degrees of separation from each other, and whose lives rub shoulders and shake hands with the devil, with saviors, with friends and foes, with the law and with each other in manners that illustrates how a swift act of fate can - in a mere nanosecond - upset the equilibrium, turn life upside down, right it again, or not.      McCann's book is as spellbinding as Petit's space walk.  So many of the novel's characters wish to be liberated - freed from their toil, depression, from indignity, restraint and from over zealousness.  He doesn't advocate, he doesn't wallow; he spins a story with a light touch about heavy subjects.      So many of us are wound up tight, snuggled into the skin of convention, of happenstance, of years and years of acts of social behavior that place us right smack in the middle of the road to protocol and tradition.  How to unwind?      When I was in college, I found the decorum of first dates dreary.  I had little patience for the so often asked questions, \\"What's your major; where did you grow up; and what's next - grad school or work? How humdrum.  I crafted a brief reply to take me away from all that.  \\"I'm an Hungarian (not true) tightrope walker (not true), whose family once ran a circus (not true) and I practiced each day by carrying a broom handle (not true) across a clothes line that ran between my parents' bedroom window and the tree in my back-yard.  The clothesline was real.  But as I reached outin the afternoon to pull in the sun-dried laundry, I didn't have Petit's imagination to traverse the towers of the world, nor McCann's poetry to spin the world on its axis.  I knew I wanted to leave what I perceived to be the confines of my youth.  Brooklyn was the fourth largest city in the world but its restraints and constraints were binding in many directions.      I drove into Manhattan every Saturday morning during the construction of the World Trade Center and watched the skyline of lower Manhattan become transformed by two towers of glass and steel that rose out of the ground like giant beanstalks.   When photographed, the towers often seemed to be planted on a slope, refracted by a visual parallax that tilted them inward, as if their top floors would kiss in heaven when they ultimately reached the vanishing point.      It was the history of photography that captured my attention in college.  And a camera's picture that gave McCann a motif, a literary device.  Read, \\"Let the Great World Spin,\\" and let the context of the picture take your breadth away.  Going back in time makes you fast forward at warp speed to an unforgettable day.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|I just can't wait to see it again in high def... hope they release it soon!!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|This movie is a lush, beautiful love story. The acting choices are good--Emily Blunt is breathtaking; Queen Victoria, in real life, not so much.  It covers only a portion of Queen Victoria's life, but does a wonderful job of showing Albert and Victoria's love and devotion to one another.
B003V6L94Q|4.0|Great album, the more you listen to this great band, the more you enjoy their songs.
0061537969|5.0|Just finished \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" and I must say what a great book it is.  It isn't complicated or even that deep, but it is a fresh and likeable idea. It really does capture a dog's \\"live in the moment\\" philosophy at a level that makes Enzo's narration a wonderful way to tell the story.  That and -- let's be honest -- I anthropomorphize my dogs all the time.  It is a comforting fantasy to believe they are narrating their own little stories.  Is it a little melodramatic?  Sure.  But sometimes that just works.
B000GG4Y3M|5.0|The culture clash, the characters.  Once in a lifetime.  Certain elements of the movie doesn't change over time.  It still triggers the same feelings.    When it was released, the gore and blood was shocking.
B003YWUTKM|5.0|There isn't too much to say about this. You have the Orb creating inspiring soundscapes, and Mr. David Gilmour's guitar scattered throughout on top. It's something many of us have been dreaming about forever, and it almost lives up to expectations. But you know what you are getting when you get these artists, one 28 minute track and one 21 minute track! It's brilliant, gorgeous, good beats, amazing guitar, just a fantastic album. If you are a fan, buy it! You can't go wrong...
0385523912|5.0|Going directly to the source and extensively interviewing North Korean defectors from that most hermetically sealed country, Los Angeles Times reporter Barbara Demick has provided us with an excellent contribution to our understanding of North Korea itself.  NOTHING TO ENVY has a few strong points that make it stand out from the field.   First, the defectors truly know the daily life in that country, and the book is therefore not filtered through the foreign lens of a visitor, who always has even more limited freedom of movement than the citizens themselves, and who is always accompanied by two official escorts.  This provides a far purer portrayal than we normally get.  Second, the action takes place mostly in the northern city of Chongjin, once an industrial powerhouse before North Korea's long slide into decay, rather than in the showcase city of Pyongyang, where only the approved get to live.      NOTHING TO ENVY therefore has a feeling of raw authenticity.  The picture is simply horrible.  Doctors required to collect kindling in the woods to heat hospitals, a cafeteria at a teacher's college that has run out of food, the constant propaganda, and the grinding meaninglessness of daily existence brightened by the smallest hint of some small, human contact, is brought right to the foreground.  Much of the book involves daily lives during the massive famine of the 1990s, and it is in the perceptions of the citizens seeing death all around them that are the most haunting.  One teacher recognized the inexorable progression of children failing to bring in wood for heat, then failing to bring in a lunch, then taking naps during recess and falling asleep constantly, hair turning brittle, skin turning blue, and then the children just disappear.      Yet the country is so airtight, and propaganda so continuous, many citizens truly believe they do indeed live in the best country in the world.  Demick's descriptions of awakening knowledge is oddly fascinating, if at times abit disorienting.  One young lady with a free spirit is disheartened when her father, whose job is to sanitize information from other countries, tells her the truth that North Korea is a failed state and that South Korea is one of the richest countries in the world.  Another is surprised to learn that her mother ran towards American soldiers during the war, rather than away as the propaganda of murderous Americans would dictate, because the Americans gave the children candy.  Another seeing the American flag on food shipped in during the famine (the flag being easily recognizable from all the propaganda, usually soaking in Korean blood) and realizing that America was trying to help.  One soldier proudly displayed his American nail clipper with its precision crafting, only to realize that if North Korea could not even make nail clippers that good, it certainly could not match American weaponry.    The most powerful of these, however, is that of a doctor who crossed over into China simply in search of food.  Some part of her still hoping that China was just as poor as North Korea, as it would vindicate her lifelong belief still hanging by a thread that North Korea was the best place in the world.  She sees a bowl of food more substantial than anything she had eaten in a year, but was baffled as to why it was on the ground.  The answer hit her right before she heard the barking - dogs in China ate better than doctors in North Korea.    Sometimes a single line says it all, and Demick states it perfectly when she says that \\"[w]hile the persistence of North Korea is a curiosity for the rest of the world, it is a tragedy for North Koreans.\\"  It is a tragedy that we should hope and pray comes to an end, and do all that we can to facilitate reaching such a goal.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|I ordered a used copy of Inglourious Basterds on Blu-Ray, advertised as being in very good condition. The service was fast, and the product was as advertised, with not a scratch on the disk.
0312600844|5.0|Plenty of other reviews here so I do not need to go into great detail, as it has been well said by others. Just let me just quickly add my five-star vote, and urge people who might have given up on women's fiction because of the glut of too-lite quasi-romance novel \\"chick lit\\" on the market now to READ THIS BOOK! I read compulsively every night, reading and re-reading some paragraphs and phrases just to let them really sink in. It's meaty, satisfying, believable, intense, interesting, and even at 550 pages, I didn't want it to end. How did a man write so well about the inner workings of a woman's mind? Franzen is masterful when writing about the men too...but his knowledge of women amazed me! He nails the feelings and inner thoughts about self, friends, spouses, and especially parents, siblings and siblings-in-law. NAILS them.<br /><br />This is our book club selection this month and I can't wait to hear what the other members of my club thought of it. One friend texted me the other night: \\"Is this a true story? Because it seems like it is.\\" Probably the biggest compliment you can pay a novelist.<br /><br />Recommendation: Oh yeah!
B000R7HY0K|2.0|If you're a fan of Tarantino rent it, then buy it if you like it. Personally, I think it's the weakest of the two Grindhouse films, and of Tarantino's films.
0061433047|5.0|Pratchett is at the top of his game here.  Ever since hearing that he has a mild form of Alzheimers', I've been mourning the incipient loss of his touch, the nuanced voices of his characters, and the vibrant imaginary place we know as the Discworld.  Such fears have not materialized--rather, Midnight is arguably the best of the Tiffany Aching books so far.    I want to point out two particular choices in Pratchett's writing:  First, he answers, indirectly, the question of \\"Whatever happened to Eskarina from Equal Rites?\\" While the Discworld books have never been a series per se, Pratchett has moved away from abandoning interesting characters like Eskarina as he did in the earliest phase of the series, and tying up that 23-year-old loose end seems entirely appropriate here.  (Of course, I'd be interested in seeing Tiffany meet Susan Sto Helit, too, but I don't know we'll ever see that meeting)    The second choice is Pratchett's decision to have a pregnant teenager's miscarriage (after a beating from her abusive father) happen offstage, while Tiffany is called to deal with the aftermath.  Pratchett manages to bring up several tough subjects and shows how a maturing Tiffany deals with them, but he also manages to keep Death offstage, leaving each reader to answer for himself whether Death would have attended such an event.
B002ZG98LO|2.0|I'm a huge fan of the first 2 films, but this one was missing so much it was ridiculous. Let's try and keep this short, but it's the truth - dialogue was pathetic, serious lack of gore and creative deaths was just sad, story was too plain, and the predators themselves have completely LOST all of the personality of the previous films. Plus one of the lamest attempts at a \\"twist\\" ending I've ever seen, totally fell flat on its face.     If you're a fan of the originals, this was like some PG-13 watered down mess.
142311339X|5.0|Rick Riordan has not ceased to amaze me. Ever since I picked up a copy of THE LIGHTNING THIEF in 2008 and read the PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS straight through, I have loved everything Riordan has put out. From his Egyptian offshoot, THE KANE CHRONICLES, to even his entry in THE 39 CLUES, THE MAZE OF BONES, I am always shocked and in awe of his story-telling. And the first outing in the new HEROES OF OLYMPUS series, THE LOST HERO, is no exception.<br /><br />I debated for quite a while as I read THE LOST HERO whether a new-comer to Riordan could pick up this book and just start in, and I came to the conclusion that if someone hasn't read anything by him, it would be best to go back to THE LIGHTNING THIEF and start there. Otherwise, THE LOST HERO would contain too many references to events and characters which wouldn't make sense to someone who hasn't read the books yet. So if you haven't finished Riordan's first series, PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS, I would say stop reading this review now and go back to THE LIGHTNING THIEF.<br /><br />The story begins with a boy named Jason, who suddenly appears in a school bus in the middle of the desert sitting beside Piper and Leo, two classmates that he's supposedly been friends with for the past few months at Wilderness School. But Jason can't remember any of that. In fact, he can't even remember his own name or how he got there. I really don't want to say much more than that, because diving too deeply into the storyline will only ruin the experience.<br /><br />Per usual, the story is action-packed, and coming in at a hefty 576 pages, THE LOST HERO, starts and doesn't slow down until the very last page. As I read, I couldn't help myself from gasping out loud. There was a new plot twist to almost every page I turned. At first, I kept wondering what on earth can Riordan do with the whole concept of Greek gods and mythology that he didn't accomplish in the first five books - and I will admit part of me was a bit afraid that THE LOST HERO was going to fizzle out and not live up to my favorite, THE LAST OLYMPIAN. But Riordan pulls out some unexpected ideas that meld seamlessly with the mythology he's crafted throughout the first series.<br /><br />The book is told in third-person, which is a bit of a switch from either THE KANE CHRONICLES or PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS, which were both written first-person. THE LOST HERO switches off between Jason, Piper, and Leo, each getting two chapters and then switching to the next. This aids in the character development, which is stronger here than in other novels from Riordan. The things that Piper and especially Leo grow through in the book felt real and done in a way that made sense with the story. The author searched out a lot of the issues that face students today, including abandonment in its various forms. In a way, I think THE LOST HERO is one of his more serious books, and while there was definitely humor to lighten things up here and there, this one definitely came across as a much weightier story, for the characters and the plot.<br /><br />While the story does center around Jason, Piper, and Leo, there are plenty of familiar faces around to tie things back to the first series. Cameos from people such as Chiron, Clarisse, Annabeth and others definitely were fun and added an interesting dimension to the storyline. Riordan also mines some lesser known myths in the Greek works and gives us some exciting battles with old foes that are just as deadly as anything Percy, Grover, and Annabeth faced - and sometimes, much, much worse.<br /><br />THE LOST HERO ends up rising above and beyond anything I expected from Riordan, and will definitely get readers excited to revisit Camp Half-Blood and its demigods. And now, we only have to wait until Fall of 2011 for the next volume, THE SON OF NEPTUNE.ng to fizzle out and not live up to my favorite, THE LAST OLYMPIAN. But Riordan pulls out some unexpected ideas that meld seamlessly with the mythology he's crafted throughout the first series.    The book is told in third-person, which is a bit of a switch from either THE KANE CHRONICLES or PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS, which were both written first-person. THE LOST HERO switches off between Jason, Piper, and Leo, each getting two chapters and then switching to the next. This aids in the character development, which is stronger here than in other novels from Riordan. The things that Piper and especially Leo grow through in the book felt real and done in a way that made sense with the story. The author searched out a lot of the issues that face students today, including abandonment in its various forms. In a way, I think THE LOST HERO is one of his more serious books, and while there was definitely humor to lighten things up here and there, this one definitely came across as a much weightier story, for the characters and the plot.    While the story does center around Jason, Piper, and Leo, there are plenty of familiar faces around to tie things back to the first series. Cameos from people such as Chiron, Clarisse, Annabeth and others definitely were fun and added an interesting dimension to the storyline. Riordan also mines some lesser known myths in the Greek works and gives us some exciting battles with old foes that are just as deadly as anything Percy, Grover, and Annabeth faced - and sometimes, much, much worse.    THE LOST HERO ends up rising above and beyond anything I expected from Riordan, and will definitely get readers excited to revisit Camp Half-Blood and its demigods. And now, we only have to wait until Fall of 2011 for the next volume, THE SON OF NEPTUNE.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|the fifth season is amazing. with each season it gets better and better. all the funny, sad, emotional, and just crazy fun good time. an awesome season and can't wait for more. :D
0060254920|5.0|I sent this for my 6 yr old granddaughter and she loves the pictures and it turns out this was her daddy's favorite book also.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I love this series.  I can watch it over and over.  Genius writing.  Characters are acted out and written in a very believable and comical manner.  I would recommend Firefly even to those who don't get into sci-fi.
6305128952|4.0|Very powerful heartwarming story.  I give this movie a four star rating only because there were a couple of technical flaws in the movie dealing with modern ranches, but not so much so that one should get bogged down with those. Tom Booker, \\"The Horse Whisperer,\\" demonstrates his knowledge of human and animal nature when he heals the damaged spirits of two humans as well as that of, Pilgrim, the horse. Well worth nearly three hours of your time to watch.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|This CD is one of his best.  All songs are different in many ways.  A great purchase!
B000V9QOA0|4.0|Very enjoyable read.  I could picture one of my aunts being in college with the main character in the book.  Very accurate description of the way I remember things from the time.
0399536108|5.0|Chris is one of those one-in-a-million people with a seemingly endless supply of guts and ambition.  As a dedicated reader of his blog, I can say this book is the culmination of his best ideas.  Where he differs from, say, a Seth Godin, is that he writes not only about the difference between big achievers and everyone else, but he also shares the mechanics -- a road map -- for how to become that kind of person.
B000VBP38C|1.0|I was so excited to own a copy of Pride and Prejudice, but when receiving it, it was for HD DVD players only.  I ordered but obviously did not pay attention to this detail.  I had to give the item away and purchase another so I could watch it on the normal DVD player.  Saddness!
B001EN71CW|4.0|Just barely got around to watching this show. It definitely lived up to its hype. Loved it and worth watching for any sci-fi fan.
1439181780|5.0|If you loved the secret, you'll love this book.  The Secret changed my life dramatically and this book just takes it ten steps further.  Love is truly what life is all about...the book is basically based on the teachings of Jesus and other great spiritual teachers of the past, so Christians, please do not be afraid of this book.  Thank you Rhonda Byrne, for helping me to make my life more amazing and wonderful each day.
B000094HMU|3.0|Great singing undone by inept recording. Microphones were placed way too far away from the singers. It sounds like someone is singing in the basement while you're upstairs in the kitchen.
B00004WG2F|5.0|I'm writing for two reasons.     The first is that this movie is, I think, in class by itself (or a least a very small class).  It is truly unique and cuts across several genres effectively.  I do understand that not everyone likes or loves it as much as I do, but for those who have not seen it - ignore the negative reviews.  Rent it, buy it, or borrow it from a friend or your library.  My guess is that if you watch the first 15 minutes you'll know if it's your kind of film.    The second reason is to alert potential buyers to one of my favorite features on the Special Edition version (the one with a red stripe at the top of the cover).  The feature is the 'Isolated Music Score with Highlights'.  This is the entire music score (not snippets) at normal volume of the entire film with the scenes from the movie playing at the same time.  Just music and the movie with no dialogue heard.  This is the only film I've ever run across that has this feature, although there are no doubt others.  I couldn't find reference to it in any reviews or descriptions on Amazon or IMD.  Maybe I missed it, but I really wanted folks to know.    I don't if it was a discontinued feature on more recent DVDs, and I hope not.  I also have no idea what the difference is between the Special Edition and the Deluxe addition, and would love to know if the Deluxe is worth purchasing.
0312600844|2.0|Okay, it's a little early for me to write a review. I'm probably 1/2 way through it. But, I'm seriously thinking of bagging it and moving on. Mostly, it's not very interesting. Almost every time I pick it up I quickly fall asleep after two pages. Most of the issues raised so far seem to me pretty trivial and fall into the \\"who cares\\" category. I loved The Corrections; it is one of my favorite books. I read and enjoyed \\"Strong Motion.\\" I always like Franzen's articles in the New Yorker. This is the first time I have been disappointed, maybe partly because I have had such high expectations. His writing style is elegant and often powerful. But I have to agree with what's already been said in negative reviews. If I complete the book, I'll update this review. Currently I'm bogged down in the section after the autobiography, which was a bit tedious. The long conversations in the next section between Richard, Walter, and his assistant are really dull.
1601251505|4.0|Update: I was a big fan of Pathfinder but it increasingly became a giant, bloated mess of rules upon rules upon rules.  It is a good game but is now unwieldy.  I am so glad 5th edition D & D is now out.<br /><br />End update<br /><br />I will spare you the gushing superlatives of a fanboy but I must admit this is by far the best post-3.5 D&D product currently on the market.  With the continuing fallout of the 4.0 D&D market I think more and more will come to try and enjoy this game.  Word of advice to the publishers: Paizo, don't screw this up like WOTC did with 4.0!!!<br /><br />Enjoy!
1449389627|5.0|I am a simple guy.  I like simple ideas and simple solutions.  I also am not fond of abstract ideas or recommendations that do not really accomplish anything.  I prefer those where I can get down to it and accomplish something.  So when I picked up this book I'll admit I was a little skeptical.  My perception is that a book that talks about innovation will be abstract and not practical.  I was pleasantly surprised.    Scott's book opened up a new way of thinking about what it means to be innovative and to create new ideas and \\"things.\\"  He walks through our misconceptions of history and of how ideas are / were created.  He discussed some pitfalls that stifle ideas and innovation (if you are a manager or on a project team you will want to pay attention to these - they may dramatically improve your team).  He discussed the sweet spot of innovation and the value of good old hard work.    The number one thing was Scott tearing down the notion that it is the geniuses or super creative people that come up with the great ideas.  On the contrary, each of us can and should be creating and generating new ideas.  And Scott provides the steps to do just that.    I also liked his discussion on trust within teams and how important that is, framing problems differently to generate new ideas, and not being afraid to make mistakes and even fail.    It's a good read with lots of stories, and will challenge you to think in new ways to solve problems, expand your contributions, and expand your career and life.
B0015DROBO|5.0|This book is a breath of fresh air - very original. Couldn't put it down.
030726999X|5.0|Larsson did and excellent job of closing out the trilogy.  His main characters came to full bloom for the reader and his secondary characters gave the novel a solid depth of understanding.  The shame is that he is not available for future works.<br /><br />Each book in the trilogy was a quick read, interesting and yet realistic.<br />The character development and the staging of each chapter of Hornet's Nest kept me wanting to go forward and \\"finish\\" the read.  A great look at Swedish life and 20th century political history.<br /><br />An excellent work.  Highly recommended for many levels of readers, but the adult content and language should be considered for those under the age of 16.
0767821769|4.0|Having recently lost a parent, I found this film very moving.  It is mature in that it isn't some silly thing about removing the barriers to falling in love - by far the easiest part - but in how to move on after a divorce.  The actors are extremely fine, and their characters evolve throughout the entire film:  the left-over mom is angry, the stepmom is a rather hard-edged career woman, and the kids are expressing pain and hostility in their own way.  Happily, the husband is not a simple jerk, but a guy working very hard to help everyone along the way to whatever comes next.  The way that they all adapt is entirely believable, bringing a realism that you rarely see in love films, and this is surely about love.<br /><br />Unfortunately, there are certain scenes that don't quite ring true to me, in particular those involving the kids and their rock.  The siblings get on way too well, in particular the young son is way too accommodating and nice.  But overall, it is done with sensitivity, funny without being a comedy, and sad without being a melodrama.<br /><br />Recommended.  It is nice to see something this sophisticated coming out of the Hollywood mill.
B003IPC5SO|5.0|Kylie Minogue? I remember her from my pre-teen years when she did that wonderful cover of  \\"Loco-Motion.\\" She then disappeared from the American music scene (while becoming a major superstar worldwide) until 2001's \\"Can Get You Out of My Head.\\" However her albums (from \\"Fever\\" to \\"X\\") has been a mixed bag of great songs with others being not that interesting. This coming someone who's a big fan of EDM.    That said, this is the 1st album she released in which I like EVERY track on it. From the wonderful opening to the closer, this is a strong collection of songs. Other highlights include \\"Put Your Hands Up\\", \\"Everything is Beautiful\\" (the closest to a ballad here), the title track (not only one of the best songs here, but the word Aphrodite also best describes Kylie herself as she's still very sexy looking), \\"Too Much\\", which has piano riffs in it reminds me of the riffs used in the Euro dance music of the 1990s, & \\"Looking For An Angel.\\" Again these are just my personal highlights, but the rest of the songs here are good as well. NO fillers or songs that I don't like.    Hopefully, this will give Kylie more attention here in America, as this is one of her best albums & is a breath of fresh air compared with what's been coming out of late here.
B0013FBS20|2.0|Apparently Will Smith is hard up for movie roles. I found this movie to be long, boring, and had a mundane ending.  He was much better in I, Robot.<br /><br />Okay the end of mankind theme has been done before..but with much better flare.  I will admit that Smith had his shining moment's in the movie but they are \\"few\\".<br /><br />And the ending was just typical for this kind of movie at least add some kind of over the top ending not something that I could probably see in the \\"spike\\" channel for heaven's sake.
B003FSTN52|5.0|My wife and I no longer live in the US.  Where we are, you can't get US TV without paying a fortune for satellite TV.  So, we buy series from Amazon on dvd.  We've seen multiple years of \\"24\\", \\"Six Feet Under\\", \\"Medium\\", \\"Mad Men\\", \\"Damages\\", \\"Dirty Filthy Money\\" and \\"Brothers & Sisters\\".  Some of those have been great, some not so great.  But, \\"The Good Wife\\" is way at the top.  Great drama, with tremendous emotional and ethical action.  Good acting, great plots, excellent technical staging and filming.  This is as good as TV gets.  A bargain.
B003W5C0VW|3.0|Like many hardcore 70s era Stones fans, I had been waiting for this movie on an official release for years. When I first heard about the Eagle Rock \\"restoration\\" this past spring I was very excited. Last month I saw the movie twice in its limitied engagement and although I was disappointed in the restoration and felt the movie did not live up to the publicity the Stones and Eagle Vision had generated around it, I was hoping that this was simply becuse of the digital feed to the theatres - what I read had been a problem at some venues.  Well, I got my copy yesterday and I must what is out on DVD is no better than what I saw in the theatre. The colors in the film, so vivid in the original 1974 release and in subsequent theatre showings in the 70s and 80s, appeared really washed out or dead wrong in certain places. Brown Sugar, Tumbling Dice and YCAGWYW, for example, are three songs I have an almost photographic memory of - I mean I must have seen this movie 20 times in the theatres when I was a kid - and unfortunately Eagle Vision did not get it right. The colors are dull or flat out wrong. To be fair the Eagle Vision film is much better than any bootleg you will find and I found that it is pretty watchable on my computer. However when I watched the movie on the TV it was blurry and dismal and really no better than a boot. I don't know why this is becuase I have a very good TV. Too bad becuase many people have waited a LONG time for this. Had Criterion put this out they would have done a far classier job, both with the restoration and the packaging. I mean this film has never been released and has been affored cult status. IT IS A CLASSIC, and as such it deserved to be presented in the same wonderful type of pacakage we got with the Get Yer Ya Yas Out 40th anniversary release. However, there is nothing here but a DVD thrown in a cheap jewel case.   Anyway, to cut to the chase, it is certainly worth $10.00. But if you are a hardcore 72 era fan then expect to be disappointed.
B000Z9PYJS|5.0|This book takes you on a wild ride.  I read this without reading the reviews  (I like being surprised!) and just enjoyed the ride.  Pi is an endearing character that exudes innocence and optimism.   He became a character that I will carry around with me and think about for a long time.  You will not be disappointed in taking this journey!
B002B7GJOQ|5.0|The new York ad men are self titled madmen... All the seasons are vey good tv
B000BCE918|5.0|good product, got here in a very timely manner would highly recommend buying dvd's to 1 and all
B0041VT6HW|2.0|I am a fan of western movies and also superhero movies. I thought Jonah Hex would fit the bill. Sadly it did not. It was an awfully boring movie. Did not hold my attention at all. There were no spectacular gun fights, it was all 'bang, your dead', and that was it. Not to mention Hex's butt was always beaten by the bad guys. Made you wonder why they even made a movie about Jonah Hex. The leading lady can't act and the story was a real sleeper. If you need help sleeping this movie will do that.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|A very good crime show, with a love twist that never seems to get past go, but very enjoyable.
B002BSHXJA|3.0|I'm not going to pontificate on the audio quality of the mono remaster discs--I'm sure they're all just swell. Rather, I'll say that the packaging of this product leaves a lot to be desired.    Months ago, I bought the stand-alone stereo remaster of Please Please Me, and it came in a handsome digipack, with lots of art and extras. By and large, the discs in the mono remaster box set come in simple cardboard sleeves, without the nice booklets and art found in the stand-alone discs. There is one large booklet that has an extended essay on the mono releases as a whole and a number of photos. Magical Mystery Tour has it's own booklet.    I found a couple of the folding disc sleeves folded backwards, with the covers to the inside. The packaging on the folded sleeves was produced rather poorly, that the sleeves warp and wrinkle when folded closed.    While I'm happy to have the mono remasters, I'm disappointed in the packaging. Had I paid two or three hundred dollars, I'd be entirely outraged.    I don't know that the mono discs were ever released as stand-alone albums. I've never seen one in any store--just the stereo remasters. I know that I will definitely NOT buy the stereo remaster box set, but will buy those albums individually.
B003OWVHVC|5.0|I hope he gets his just due soon, this album is incredible.  I love to hear him rhyme in his group alongside Exile, Emanon.  However, he doesn't rap at all on this album.  He has a very buttery, soulful voice.  Tracks like \\"I Need A Dollar\\", \\"Miss Fortune\\", \\"Femme Fatale\\" Jump out at me, but they are all very great tracks.  Excellent album
B001EYU1VO|4.0|Great joystick for adjustability. Love the ability to fold down and quick disconnect for breakdown with out being overly fragile. Would have given it five stars if it wasn't for the fact that the adjustment point to lengthen the hand grip has a little pivot in it fore and aft.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|A very good crime show, with a love twist that never seems to get past go, but very enjoyable.
B000VKW7AK|5.0|Not too much to cover that hasn't already been touched upon by other reviewers, but I'll add my two cents. I've wanted this for a while now and the wife surprised me with it by purchasing it off Amazon a couple of weeks ago. Very good collection for the hardcore Megs fan. There are enough outtakes and rarities in this compilation to make it a good addition to any collection, even if you own some of the previously released material. Especially valuable, of course, are some of the hard to find covers as well as the Live at Wembley performance and the Live DVD. The booklet pack-in is also a great touch. Package is overall very well presented. Bottom line is this is pretty much a must-have for any devoted Megadeth fan, and probably a great purchase for general fans of thrash metal as well.
B003TSEL7S|4.0|I was so exited when this book came out! through most of it i was pleased, but ROMAN seriously? and i dont like that jason and company will be more important than percy and friends. i was so so so ticked when they said percys memory was gone. i just blew up. really, rick, really? you HAD to put that in? it just ruined the whole entire book for me! this book is definitly NOT his best and i have to say, in my mind, jason piper and leo, EVERYTHNG thats happened, is fake. gone.not real. totally earased from my mind. arg i just dislike this book! i really hope that the next one will be better. maybe rick will be in his right mind THEN.
0399536108|4.0|Having been a fan of Chris Guillebeau for sometime, of course I enjoyed this book. It is a great beginners guide to making it on your own, and adopting your own way of life. If you're a fan of his work then you will notice that he copies a lot of his online content, but the additions he makes is enough to justify the purchase.    A must read for anyone who hasn't read his website, and wanting to get away from the usual humdrum of an office, and for any true fans of Chris Guillebeau it's worth reading as well.
B0031SCV46|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo3166F85W8OIOY]]A video review of the m-audio oxygen 49 (silver) midi control keyboard... Just another spectacular product from m-audio. looking forward to purchasing more items from them.<br /><br />UPDATE: it has now been a few years since i purchased this item and did the video review. It was my first time on camera and I was obviously very nervous. I might do an updated video review. As for the keyboard, it has been very useful in my music and it is still working flawlessly. I have discovered all the features it has such as the midi control and interface functions you can add this to your existing midi patch network and interface it with other midi protocol devices. the only down side I can think of is the fact that it does not have weighted keys. I'm also going to purchase an M-Audio Axiom 49 for the drum pads and weighted keys, at a higher cost. I will be using both however in my set-up. Thanks for the positive votes. I'm sorry to those of you who did not find my review helpful. I only covered the basics.
0525951652|5.0|I decided to rate this book on its entertainment value and not on its one-star price. Mr. Follett hits another home run with Fall of Giants as it is a very enjoyable book with an excellent history lesson. Anxiously waiting for Book Two in this trilogy.
B00280LYIM|5.0|so i already commentedon the lost hero and thay wont let me do it again so im putting it here! that book is baddd. it is not bye festus. its bye rick. seriously he needs to not copy off percy jacckson and the hole percy gone and he lost his memory thing got me ticked off badly! maybe the next one in the sequel will be better but i have low expectations. i give the battle of the labyrinth 5 stars its a gr8 book but i give the lost hero 3. an i dont likehow jason leo and piper are gonna b more important than percy annabeth and grover
B00408AN5A|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this book!  This is the first book from Darren Hardy that I've read and it was amazing!  Not too long to read, but tons of great, real world suggestions on ways to improve your life.<br /><br />It doesn't matter if you are trying to lose weight, make more money, have a better relationship with your spouse or just get more done in your life, Mr. Hardy shows you that success doesn't come for just a few who are lucky, but can be had by anyone, at any age, from any financial or educational background.<br /><br />The secret is making small, but consistent decisions about your life and your future.  In the Compound Effect you learn how important it is to decide what you want in your life and then constantly work at getting where you want to go.  There is no limit to what you can achieve, it just takes the right attitude and activities.<br /><br />Personally, after reading this book, I decided to make quite a few changes in my life and I am already seeing amazing results... even after only 2 months.  I've lost more weight in 6 weeks than in the last 3 years combined, I've started a new business that I've been procrastinating on for years and I am enjoying more confidence and optimism about my future than I have ever had! I owe much of this success to this book!<br /><br />For a very small investment, this book could change you life!  I highly recommend that you get this book, read it, and apply the principles in it.  Mr. Hardy doesn't tell you how to live your life, he just shows you how to get whatever it is that you want out of your life.  It's easier than you think!
B0039OGGVQ|2.0|Sadly there were only three songs that were worth listening to more than once. I am a huge fan of Myles Kennedy and let me tell you that none of the songs he sang on were worth listenting to. If you like the songs that I liked then just down load the these or a few others....if you don't like these songs then disregard everything I said because my taste in music may not suit yours and you just may love everything EXCEPT the songs I like. Slash will always be a hero but I was quite dissapointed with this album.    Best Songs (in order):  Saint is a Sinner (kind of sounds like Scorpions lead singer)  Gotten  Promise Me  By the sword  Beautiful Dangerous  Paradise City    Yes, I love heavy music like the rest of them but sadly only the lighter songs were good, not sure what happened here...maybe would've been better if he focused on a few songs on an E.P. instead of producing an album with so many holes in it.    I won't say where (you have to be under a rock to not know) but you could stream the all of the songs via online video with to get a good idea of what you like. Don't try the, what the heck approach and buy the whole album to see what grows on you because nothing ever does. Sorry Slash, I really wanted to like this.    My Songs are on Amazon via \\"Civil Drone\\" search or below.  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00418ILRQ/ref=dm_sp_adp?ie=UTF8&qid=1287029081&sr=8-1-catcorr
B00284G2IA|4.0|Most of the good things have already been said here. I just want to warn prospect buyers that this bluray is far away from a true 1080p reproduction. The image looks closer to a DVD than HD. The audio is still great though. If you like Nightwish like me, get it!, the concert is great and audio superb... if you are looking for a great image quality, then think again.
B001ECQ75A|5.0|Laugh, learn, enjoy.  Great family movie, laugh out loud hilarious.  Reminded us of Star Wars with the moral to the story.  You will enjoy - well worth it!
1400052173|5.0|The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is both the story of how HeLa cells revolutionized medical research and the story of the woman those cells came from - Henrietta Lacks.<br /><br />I liked how the author alternated between the scientific HeLa story and the story of Henrietta Lacks and her descendants every other chapter. The author does a great job of explaining things in terms that non-scientists can understand - I don't have a mind for science at all and I actually understood the scientific part of the story.<br />This book was a selection for my book club Conversati-Om and I thought it was a great book club pick. There are so many discussion points - the club had one of our liveliest discussions. The topic we talked about the most was the ethical issues surrounding the taking of and sometimes profiting from tissues samples from patients without their knowledge and/or consent. Also, Henrietta's descendents, especially her daughter Deborah, were very interesting and complex people and that lead to a lot of discussion as well.<br /><br />This is a great non-fiction book about science for non-scientific people.
B003MZ0I84|4.0|Awesome music!! Three consistantly great albums in a row. Minus one star for the cheesy card board sleeve.
0525951652|1.0|I've really started to get into Mr. Follett's work and was genuinely interested in Fall of Giants.  I saw the 2-star average from 370 reviewers and wanted to know how his latest work could have bombed so badly.  And then I saw the Kindle price.<br /><br />This is insane.  I'm all for making a buck.  I'm not a sucker, though.  I will not tolerate being charged hardback prices for a book that has been conceptualized, written, edited, and delivered electronically.<br /><br />Mr. Follett's latest book is likely just as good, if not better, than his previous work.  I'll just have to assume that as I have no intentions of purchasing this title in hardcover or electronic form.<br /><br />I'm now aware that Penguin Publishing has set this pricing model.  I will suspend my purchasing of Penguin-published reading material until such a point as the pricing for electronic books is aligned with the costs of that delivery model.
B003NWS5AO|5.0|Of course I have always loved Robert Plant... Duh...   This release seems to be a new direction for him..  I love it.
6304936362|5.0|Movies are made to entertain, inform or instruct. Movies may re-write history for the simple effect of affecting box Office and history!  To those negative reviewers of Memphis Belle, down below...Meet my closest Uncle Bill!  Uncle Bill flew in those B 17's over Germany. He was the tail-gunner.   As close as we were, Uncle Bill never answered me when I asked him about his War experiences. He was tail gunner.  MEMPHIS BELLE, the movie, tells me WHY he did not share his experience with me!
B003A03RRU|5.0|Fantastic collection for an amazing price.  It has been rather difficult for me to put this down.  There really isn't much to be said about this classic other than I wish I had picked it up sooner.
0984536159|4.0|This book started off slow and boring, but as I began to get more into what he wrote I found my self consumed by this book. Although I only got about 300 pages into it before I had to put it down, I must say that I am looking forward to finishing it. At first I was turned away from the book because of the fact that it was written by Adolf Hitler, but I had always wanted to know what could possibly move a man to do what he did. Whenever I was reading the book people looked at me as if at any moment I was going to yell \\"Heil Hitler!\\". I do not understand why people had this reaction. It is simply a book, that gives unbelievable insight into the mind of one of the most infamous men in history. But be warned IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO READ, which is why I had to put it down before I had a mental breakdown. Give your self time while reading this book.
B003UYUR10|3.0|Every now and again Disney pinches off a movie, shines it up with fancy dressings to lure you in like \\"from the people that brought you Pirates of the Caribbean\\" etc. but as we all know one lesson in life which we should all remember, especially members of the US Congress, no mater how much you polish a turd....at the end of the day....it's still a turd.<br /><br />The action was fine, lots of jumping, lots of sword play, a decent likable protagonist, but the writing failed in this movie. The story telling deviated from the video game series it was based on just enough that what could have been a great film was reduced to a mediocre film. Jake Gyllenhaal does a very respectable job in his buffed up state and doing his own stunts, his acting and presence is far and above much better than that \\"Donnie Darko\\" waste of film he did awhile back but the poor writing hamstrings his potential to become the \\"Jack Sparrow\\" of Persia and imbue his character as an icon on American Pop Culture.<br /><br />Fault the writers for not wanting to bring in the ghouls and beasts transformed by the sands of time in the video game series. A decent rental for a night but just nothing to get excited over.
0061537969|4.0|Seeing a disentegrating family through the eyes of a worldly wise golden retriever made for an enjoyable read. I guess since it's the dog speaking, the writer made the sentences short and easy to digest while still packed with love and totally down to earth observations on his humans.
B003XOAJ6K|5.0|Duran Duran's Big Thing is innovative and entertaining, energetic and at times, introspective. This 2010 digital remaster is a must have for fans.
B000NU2CY4|5.0|Yesterday 10/13 I ordered the blu-ray version of Gladiator.  It arrived today.  For all those wanting to get this BD the version of the disk is the corrected copy with the yellow ISBN tag on the back.  It is not the old version with the video issues.
0786956291|5.0|I've been playing this set with a group of six friends; three veteran D&D players plus three newbies. Everyone loved it! I highly recommend this to fans of the old school D&D game. This set is a huge improvement to the 4th edition game.
0739368044|5.0|Awesome next installment of an epic tale!  And, the story continues.... eagerly awaiting the 4th!
B0043X8M0K|5.0|I have always thought the music on the Vampire Diaries was appropriate and beautiful.  When I found out there was a soundtrack I knew that it was a must have.  The music is incredible, in fact, there isn't one song on the album that I don't love.  There are some surprisingly fun tracks like \\"Obsession\\" by Sky Ferreira and \\"Head Over Heels\\" by Digital Daggers, but if you want a CD to listen to that is emotionally powerful and great for when you are in more of a mellow mood, this is the one for you.
0525951652|1.0|I will not buy this book in any form, ever....on principle.  Twenty bucks for an e-version?  Maybe if Moses takes up carving tablets again. GTFOH, Kindle, Follett and his publisher.
B00000J2SR|5.0|This is a very classy hard rock album. If you are interested in checking out Rainbow beyond the Dio years- start here.  Joe Lynn Turner may have been commercial and a pretty-boy, but he had the huge rock pipes to back it up.  Also, the songwriting is excellent here- this album is full of hummable melodies and memorable hooks.  Ritchie plays some smokin' guitar on a couple of eerie instrumentals, and there is a dark, gothic atmosphere throughout the entire album.  A must for fans of classic style hard rock!
0823015017|5.0|I wasn't sure about getting this book because I have others which cover color mixing recipes. However, I am glad I did because it will help me to make decisions about color choices. Don't be put off by reviewers who say this is not for beginners or that it's a college level text. If you are absolutely new to using polymer clay, you will need a different book or two to help you learn the basics. This one can be added to your collection to help you understand basic color theory, and what will make or break your design, whether jewelry or sculpture. Color theory is explained in simple terms and there are plenty of pictures which will help. And there is nothing like the exercises to really help you \\"get it\\" from hands on doing.  The book includes color mixing as well as techniques like Skinner Blends and millefiore. This is a valuable addition to the polymer clay artist's library.
B001EN71CW|5.0|This is one of the greatest series I've ever watched and I was very fortunate to have bought it for so cheap on Amazon's daily deal on BluRay.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This bag is a replacement for a Tamrac bag that cost 3 times as much, and honestly doesn't even come close to this bag in terms of quality and storage.      This holds my D80, speedlight, 4 lenses (5 if you count the one on the camera), filters, remotes, extra battery and more.  There is still space to expand this one, and the fact it also has the ability to strap the tripod to the side is great.  A great weekend getaway or travel bag.    If you are a pro and need tons of space for lighting controls and such, this isn't the bag for you.  But if you want a reasonably priced bag with lots of storage, then grab this one up.  I love the fact that now I feel my lenses and body are safe and padded with the cushioned interior.    Glad I saw this one before spending well over $100 for one that doesn't compare.
B00003CXSP|4.0|Anthony Hopkins, Julianne Moore, Gary Oldman and Ray Liotta   star in Ridley Scott's 2001 thriller sequel. Cannibal, Hannibal   Lecter contacts FBI Agent, Clarice Starling after 10 years.   This is my favorite Hannibal film and I like how Hannibal is   out and about. Anthony and Julianne are great together   and this special edition has nice picture and sound plus   neat extras. I recommend this.
B003XQRZ7E|3.0|Well, as a fan of Glen H. and the others here, I must say I am a little disappointed. Good listening, it is, but there are really no memorable moments. Nothing that sticks with me, even after a couple spins. I think I read somewhere that BCC surpassed Chickenfoot in what they were trying to do. I have to say that I disagree here. At least Chickenfoot has some serious hooks that stick with me after a listen. While each musician here is doing there part and sounding good doing it, it just fell short. I was really wanting this to be great, as I enjoy each one of these guys as musicians. Joe has a great voice as well and would have been nice on a couple more cuts. If they stick it out and do another release I will be surprised, as this is generally what happens with a so called super group. I would like to see them do another, as well as Chickenfoot.
B000089A06|4.0|Anthony Hopkins, Edward Norton and Ralph Fiennes<br />star in this 2002 thriller prequel based on the novel.<br />A retired FBI investigator seeks a sociopath's help<br />to find a killer. This is a good prequel that's also<br />a remake of the 1986 film, \\"Manhunter\\" which is<br />superior. This dvd has nice picture and sound<br />plus neat extras. I recommend this.
0307454541|3.0|I'm slightly ashamed regarding the great expectations I had before reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. I was hopeful that at last someone had written a quality, literary mystery novel. Not quite.<br /><br />What I Did Like<br />- I did find myself becoming attached to a few of the characters, despite the fact that they were quite flat.<br />- It was a quick, entertaining read; I was never bored.<br />- I enjoyed the fact that the novel was set in Sweden, an unusual location for most English texts.<br /><br />Dun Dun Dun:<br />- I don't want to give anything away, so I'll just say, as a whole, the overarching mystery itself was quite predictable.<br />- The dialogue was often forced, and the sex scenes seemed as though Larsson felt awkward writing them.<br />- The novel didn't flow well, and I'm not sure if this is a result of the translation, or from the original text.<br /><br />I will read the other three (I bought them for a good deal), but only when I need a break from what I normally read. It was fun, but I definitely don't feel fed on a literary level.
B003Y3BMFW|1.0|A greatest hits package with one new song.....this truly is a sham money grab for Cornell after the turd bomb that was scream.  Reviews say amazing packaging?  So you purchased this Selloutgarden release for random 3d pictures?  Are you mad?!?!  Grunge fans are such morons.  Face it Cornell only got a sham reunion going to save face after defiling himself beyond repair and he knew the gayrungies would eat it up, he's feeding and playing you all.  He nor any grunge band is about the music, it started the whole talent didn't matter, no talent, bs radio horse dung mainstream we have today.
0316019984|5.0|I had seen a video review of this book and was very impressed with the detail and care put into this book.  When I got it yesterday in the mail I just couldn't believe how awesome of a piece of work this thing is.    Six main pages, each with additional popups (some with popups within them!).  My daughter and I spent about an hour reading through every single panel, covering so many major DC heroes and villains.  Of course the DC trilogy are here (Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman) as well as their respective foes, additional heroes and villains - just SO much detail.  There are a pair of \\"hidden\\" heroes I remember quite fondly from my love of the JLA animated series as a child.    The popups are just amazing.  Full page spreads that explode out at you, each one of them containing additional popups that are very entertaining in their own right.  There's a couple of really neat surprises as well with some very clever implementation of the popup \\"technology\\".  I am simply amazed at the construction of this book.    All that being said, this is not really a book for young kids.  Popups this detailed and exquisite obviously come with a need for careful handling.  I actually have been reading the book by opening one page and reading it fully, then completely closing it back down and then opening the entire book to the next page.  Of course, it's only because I want to treasure this book for many years to come that I take this care.  I look forward to reading it with nephews and nieces when they are old enough to appreciate how great this is.    DC fan, popup fan, or just a fan of clever implementation of technology - PICK THIS UP NOW!  It's definitely a unique piece and guaranteed to make you smile.
0061703257|5.0|I was so excited to receive Shutter Island in the mail. It came in great shape and so far it's every thing I had hoped for.<br />I love Dennis Lehane as an author, and cannot wait to read all his titles. Thanks to Amazon I no longer have to search all over the county for certain titles I am looking for.<br />Love it, Love it, Love it!
B003EYVXUK|5.0|I have been and always will be a child of the 80s. So when I learned that not only was this movie taking place in that magical decade but also Chloe \\"Hit Girl\\" Moretz was playing the role of the vampire? I was more than a bit curious.<br /><br />And I was pleasantly surprised!<br /><br />A small, lonely boy in the midst of his parents messy divorce makes a new and unusual friend. His curiosity is first aroused by the girls preference of walking around at night with bare feet in the middle of winter. Also odd, his neighbors begin to disappear and the girl apparently has a taste for blood...even going so far as to lick it off the floor.<br /><br />Chloe Moretz turns in yet another excellent performance as the troubled and lonely Vampire. But what thrilled me the most was how different it was from the current crop of bloodsucker movies. No bare chests, young men running around in short pants and other trappings of that Teeny Bopper garbage. What we have here is an deep and moving story with real feeling and actual emotion. The production values and art direction is excellent too.<br /><br />I honestly thought Interview With the Vampire was going to be the last decent vampire movie but I am thrilled to be proven wrong.
B00243FQFA|5.0|I was so pleased to receive SG atlantis in the mail. I had previously purchased the complete series for my husband as a birthday present from Dealsnet.com. The quality from them was cheap and cheesy at best. The last few episodes were obviously recorded off someone's t.v.  I am so very pleased with Amazon and being a big Stargate Fan my husband and I couldn't have asked for more. Other than maybe the Atlantis series coming back on.   Good job once again Amazon!
B000001FO4|5.0|I love this CD, have since the day it came out. It seems to possess a little more musical talent than many of the hair bands of that era.
B003PIUBZS|4.0|The first episode left me wanting. Here was a series that screamed Gladiator meets 300 meets Caligula. It appeared as if the show was going to forgo a solid story in favor of winning the crowd with violence, sex, and action--as if the writers mistook their contemporary audience for the heathen one portrayed in the arenas. Yet what surprised me was that after watching a few more episodes of this series, I was absolutely hooked. There is a solid story here with numerous narrative arcs to keep you guessing and wanting more. The acting is strong and gets better with each episode.<br /><br />The CGI is, for the most part, good. In the first Featurette, the team discusses their intention to convey the series using the tropes of a graphic novel. I think 300 far exceeds what was accomplished here, but Spartacus: Blood and Sand does a good job with what was probably a significantly smaller budget. It seemed like the the attempts to wow us with graphics were tempered after the first few episodes and the story itself rose to the top. Not coincidentally, this was also when I became more deeply involved with the series and enjoyed it much more.<br /><br />Overall I think Spartacus: Blood and Sand is worth a watch. Definitely not for young children or those put off by graphic violence and sex.
B003Q6D2B4|4.0|Sure, Bruce Willis kicking ass is nothing new but add Morgan Freeman, John Malkovich \\"not as a villain for once\\" and Helen Mirren kicking ass too and you're in for a good time. While Mary-Louise Parker is adorable and funny as Sarah Ross, who finds herself on a blind-date from hell with Willis' character. Red may overstay it's welcome a little bit, but I enjoyed it and I wish any of the 2010 summer releases were this fun.
0312600844|5.0|I finished the book 3 minutes ago and so now can indulge in reading reviews.  Since so many seem to negatively compare this book to The Corrections, I cannot wait to read The Corrections.  I'm 51 and from the midwest, so am a contemporary of both Franzen and the main characters of Freedom, which means in this case that I experienced a connectedness and their painful life journeys rang poignantly true.  Poignant to the point that at the end I cried a bit, an effect of a book reading that until now had only been inflicted by A Farewell to Arms.  Freedom in my view more than lives up to the hype.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|All the discs were precisely what they were supposed to be. Disc One was the Final Cut version and not the workprint.  Only disc one was blu-ray though. All the special features are extensive, interesting and useful for study purposes. Very happy with my product.
B002GY9F9K|4.0|Excellent series, also have season 2 its a pity that is the last season I'm sure a lot of people will be disappointed.
B003ODL004|4.0|The music for this movie is exciting, but very dark. It's filled with heart-pounding crescendos of sound. The only thing that I noticed is that Hans Zimmer tends to focus more on creation of sound and color, rather than melody. There is a tendency for it to sound the same after awhile, but when the music gets exciting, it will leave you breathless. I play this in the car; it makes me feel like I'm actually in a very thrilling movie.
0393078299|5.0|Quantum physics was one of the paradigm-shattering scientific propositions of the 20th century which changed the way we understand matter and our relation to it.  As such, it is fundamental to our understanding of our world, our place in it and how things work.  We haven't begun to digest the implications it will eventually bring on in our society.  It is a body of knowledge essential to anyone wanting to know where we are historically in human cultural evolution, meaning our own understanding of who we are.<br /><br />At the same time, it is a difficult and complex subject for the layman and broaching it can be daunting for most.  I did my utmost to avoid it in university and only came to it many years later from a different angle and by reading the texts of many of its protagonists, at least those I could deal with.<br /><br />Manjit Kumar has made that task easier for all of us in many ways.  First he has given life to the players giving us a history that reads like a novel.  The un-approachable become human as do their conflicts and disagreements.  He provides us with an understandable history of a fundamental change in the scientific worldview, in a way at once comprehensible and still complete.  For those who know quantum physics it is a wonderful overview and review of the science and its founders or a very good first step for those needing to know.<br /><br />Bravo.
0765326353|5.0|Hmm, if you are a fan of fantasy....wait, if you are a fan of fiction....wait, if you are a fan of reading anything, READ THIS BOOK!  I have enjoyed Brandon Sanderson's work since Mistborn was released, and he has never ceased to astonish.  This guy can write, and write very well.  I really liked this book.  Although it was long, like 400k words long, not once did I feel bogged down.  The pace was amazing for a work this size.  And let me say, his character building of the main was by far one of the greatest I have read.  Like always, his systems of magic are very entertaining and his portrayal of action is very intense (One of the few authors who can suck you into a fight scene and making you almost feel the adrenaline of one of the characters).  This book has a lot of pages and a lot of words, but barely scratches the surface of the world that he has created.  Much is left for later works, in which I cannot wait to read (that's probably the only downfall to this book:  having to wait for book two).  To this, I say to all who are contemplating buying this book: Stop debating and click add to cart (or buy it anywhere)!  You will not be disappointed.
B002TKNSPS|5.0|I am glad I broke down and bought this region free import from UK. Not only the steelbook packaging cool (includes several lobby cards) the picture and sound quality is fabulous!! The US version blu ray looked too soft (maybe too much DNR?) and doesn't have the \\"WOW!\\" factor going for it (I could not tell I was watching Hi-Def)...but man, this UK version blows the US one away!!! I hated 're-buying' a title I already had, but I took the risk and glad I did! The two disc set includes the theatrical and extended versions of the film and pretty much the same supplements from US version. This is definately worth the upgrade! Why didn't the US version look this good is beyond me. Get it while you can (and its reasonably priced too for an import)[[ASIN:B002TKNSPS Gladiator Blu-ray SteelBook [ Region free, UK Import]]]
0385336810|3.0|This book was OK - I didn't really like it as much as I like the Shopaholic series or even as much as I liked \\"Remember Me?\\"  It was cute and fun - a quick, easy read, but just left me wanting a little something more.  I can't really put my finger on what was missing, but the storyline and the characters didn't appeal to me quite as much as I had hoped they would.  It was predictable and light..... but not my favorite Kinsella novel.  It would be a great book to throw in your beach bag for an easy summer read.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|After discovering the video on Youtube, IF I DIE YOUNG I wasn't sure if I liked the song or not, let alone Kimberly's' voice. The next time it popped up, I was drawn to it and gave it another try. And another, and another, and before long I decided I really liked it, along with Kimberly's unique voice. Not able to get enough of this great song, I just had to purchase it from itunes.<br /><br />I later started watching/listening to HIP TO MY HEART, and once again wasn't too sure what I thought about it. This time it didn't take me long to decided I like it, too. Only problem was, I couldn't seem to get enough of it.<br /><br />With a quick search, I discovered they were releasing a new CD in October. Okay, I'll wait to purchase another song off of itunes. Patience. Patience. I must say it was worth the wait. What a great CD. Love all the songs! Music and lyrics.  I love everything about them.<br /><br />Stop by my blog to hear more about the band, [...]
B003BW0CB6|4.0|I'm a big fan of Michael Connelly so I eagerly waited for the release \\"The Reversal\\"; I was not disappointed.  I enjoyed having Bosch and Haller together in one storyline.  However, I agree that Bosch's character seems somewhat muted when paired with Haller.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|this album is awesome in every sense of the word!! it's been a long time since ACCEPT have released an album. and many didnt think that they could release a great new album. especially with a new singer in the fold. chants of 'no udo, no accept' were rampant all over the internet and message boards. well.....i hate to break it to you naysayers, but you were ALL WRONG! this album, simply put, is THE ALBUM OF THE YEAR. it's that good. it's better than the new maiden, or the new halford. (though BOTH of those albums are awesome in their own right)     new singer mark tornillo doesn't miss a beat picking up where udo left off. his voice is distinctly different from udo, but at the same time, its the same in a way that it mixes perfectly with the accept sound. he is THE PERFECT replacement for udo. i honestly couldn't imagine anyone better for the job.    the music on this album is first rate. pure metal all the way. the band pulls no punches with this release. great riffs and melody to be had here. not a bad song in the bunch. killer tracks like 'beat the bastards', 'teutonic terror', and 'bucket full of hate' will get your head banging and heart racing.    the production on this album is top notch, being helmed by uber-producer andy sneap, who also produced another of my favorite albums, megadeth's 'endgame' album.    this album will take you back to the days of the BALLS TO THE WALL, RUSSIAN ROULETTE, and METAL HEART albums. though it is reminiscant of those albums, it does not copy them and stands on its own. another great addition to the accept catalog.    i'm predicting this record will win both 'metal album of the year' and 'comeback album of the year' for accept.    having listened to this album a few times now, i really cant wait for the NEXT accept album. these guys have a newfound fire in their belly and i really hope they carry this forward and keep releasing awesome albums for years to come.    if you were ever a fan of accept, or just a casual listener, you'll love this album. buy it. you wont be disappointed.
B003UYUR10|5.0|This film is a beautifully filmed story that will entertain teens through adults.  Bruckheimer has done it again....the plot moves along quickly and the scenery is gorgeous.  The music is stunning.  The actors all do fine jobs and the interaction between the king and all three of his sons is beautiful.
B0035JJJE6|2.0|Seriously, I wanted to love the Revoltech Alien. I've enjoyed the incredible Revoltech articulation on numerous figures and went nuts when I found out they were doing that to the Alien.     Above the waistline this guy's pretty damn sharp. Expected high quality articulation except that the back extensions preclude legitimate full swing on the head. The sculpt is the finest in that scale or similar available, and the care and thought put into the upper body design is impressive. Would have preferred a slightly more resilient cling to the plastic skull cover, but that's really more of a quibble.     Where this beast truly and unrepentently sucks, however, is the leg articulation... specifically the hip joints. Any kind of dynamic posing is out of the question as they are very stiff and the scult is unforgiving in its demands. This is where a flexible rubberized material covering the hip joints somewhat would have made this figure go from kinda pretty but static to legitimate awesomeness.     To be fair the same problem plagues my Revoltech Fraulein series figure, but for different reasons.     At any rate, I collect Alien figures and had waited for a long time to get this one, and was very disappointed that all he can do is stand there and wave his arms. Sort of like Kermit the Frog if he were darker and truly frightening.
044654759X|5.0|Another wonderful fiction story from Nicholas Sparks!! Although this took you to a terrifying place at times-it was well worth it. Just a great story on love and a very sensitive subject on violence. Make it a movie!!!
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I was so happy and excited to find that the final 12 min were included with this DVD since I had heard it would only be included with the entire series package.    These final 12 min. are about when Hurley and Ben were in charge of the island.....and the only negative thing I can think to say about it is that it left me wanting more....much more!    The other episodes still bring sorrow, excitement and anticipation; just as they did the first time around.    Well worth the price!!
0553805371|4.0|I read 'A Brief History of Time' many years ago and was anxious to read this one when it was announced. Upon release, the media made such a big deal about touting this as a \\"religion vs. science\\" argument. Nothing could be farther from the truth. There is mentions of God and who created what...but in no way is this book a hardcore battle against religion.     Regardless, this is a good read if you have the attention span and an interest in physics or science in general. While not as good as Hawking's previous titles, still head and shoulders above anything else.
0385737955|5.0|This was a great read.  Not too complicated and no swearing - something I really appreciate in reading books. I finished it pretty quickly.  The end part was a little disturbing.
0060599847|5.0|It use to be I would purchase books and cds at one of our local bookstores.  One day I decided to purchase online and delay my instant gratification impulse, and save a ton of money.  At first I purchased new through Amazon then I took the plung to purchase slightly used/new.  I received my latest purchase a used copy of the Jack Canfield The Success Principles cd and it has worked perfectly, for alot less money.  I'm sold on this way of ordering - no more local bookstore books/cds for me.
B001OQCV6K|5.0|This movie was a lot of fun to watch, I've seen it twice now and I'll definately be having friends over to watch it again with me now that I know all the secrets of Blackwood's magic.  With the character of Holmes in mind I think R.D.Jr is a good fit for him, it's believable that if there was a modern day sherlock holmes his personality might be something down the Robert Downey roles.  Watson's skinnier than I remember him from the old books/movies, but just as composed and seemingly fed up with Holme's social skills as everyone else in the movie is.  Watson wants a life and wife of his own but can't just leave his friend to do all the crime fighting by himself.      There's enough explosions, shooting, and fist-fighting that encompass the adventure to make it a worthy action flick, but with the name Sherlock Holmes you know you'll be \\"on the case\\" just as much as the characters are with a mystery that ties most of the movie together.  I found the dialouge hard to understand at first, Holmes and Watson exchange words quickly when you are introduced to them, so put subtitles on until you think you've got what they're saying down.  After that watch them solve a sphinx riddle and narrowly escape a trap that reminded me of a \\"Saw\\" scene based on how it was designed.     I waited for the price to go down a bit, new blu ray movies are all really expensive, and the good ones taken even longer, so finally a year later after it came out I find it a great looking blu ray movie and a welcome addition to my collection.  Whether you like the actors or not it's worth a view or two! Digital copy always a plus!
0062515675|2.0|The basic ideas in this book are worthy, but it is so awkwardly written it is painful.  I finally just had to put it down.  Maybe it just boils down to the fact that books of this type either \\"speak to you\\" or they don't.  This one spoke to me, but what it said was \\"you wasted your money on contrived tripe.\\"
B0034G4OVS|3.0|I really liked this movie, and I would have loved it had it not been for a few cold weather details that took me out of the moment.<br /><br />First, the good: if you are afraid of heights, this movie has plenty of tension in it for you. The very idea of a ski chair lift makes my palms sweat, so my anxiety level started nice and high. I also love the use of the small cast and tight sets and shots that are typical of this kind of thriller. If Open Water and its sequels are your cup of tea, I think you will enjoy this movie in spite of the issues I'm going to discuss a little further on. The script is mostly good. The cast is competent and attractive. The themes the movie deals with are relevant, especially to young people who are just entering their first serious adult relationships: the places our old friends occupy, the tension between the old friend and the new girlfriend (the image of the three of them on the lift with the boyfriend in the middle was very effective for me). The cinematography and the sound editing are great, and the pacing is excellent. Unlike Open Water, where once you realize you're stuck in the water, you're pretty much reduced to sinking or swimming, the characters in Frozen are stranded on a chair lift and have several options, none of which is particularly good.<br /><br />However, the film would have been much better if someone with some input had any real experience with cold weather. The film is supposed to take place in New England. That's not exactly International Falls, MN, but it does get very cold out here from time to time, and people know, for example, to pull up their hoods, pull down their hats, and zip up their parkas all the way. I guess that would have somewhat been a waste of the good-looking young actors, but I knocked off two stars for totally unrealistic responses to cold weather. Maybe that's harsh, but if I'm supposed to believe that the cold was the most pervasive danger they faced and the main reason for not staying still, I don't want to see them leaning their bare faces up against metal bars.<br /><br />Other than that, I really enjoyed this movie, but the flaw was significant for me.till, I don't want to see them leaning their bare faces up against metal bars.<br /><br />Other than that, I really enjoyed this movie, but the flaw was significant for me.
B0015ABRE2|5.0|Dexter- 3rd Season was breath-taking. We were on the edge of our seats. Didn't know what was coming and was very suprized during the whole season.
B00004RF8J|5.0|So what can you say about a movie that has such a huge cult following, almost akin to \\"The Rocky Horror Picture Show\\"?     For starters, this has to be one of the FUNNEST movies ever made.  It's obvious that the writers, the actors, the musicians, the makeup people ... all had FUN putting together this cinematographic masterpiece. It's not the greatest artistic movie in the world, and you can't take it seriously as a story - but for an offbeat, hip, entertaining, and just plain CRAZY movie, you just can't get any better than Little Shop of Horrors. I mean, a story about a plant from another planet that tries to take over the Earth, and it's a musical to boot? It's a perfect setup, but it takes a group of geniuses to pull it off.    The music is what holds it all together.  All of the songs are catchy, funny, tongue-in-cheek, and brilliantly performed. The \\"Greek Chorus\\" (Crystal, Ronette, and Chiffon) tie all the musical pieces together and adds a bit of continuity to the story as well.    Rick Moranis and Ellen Greene (Seymour and Audrey) were simply amazing. They pushed their performances to the edge, and the trio with the two of them plus Mr. Mushnik (Vincent Gardenia) was hilarious - perfect chemistry.    The guest appearances of Jim Belushi, John Candy, and Christopher Guest are very funny. Great parts for all of them.    But there are two items that I really need to mention; the two things that really make this one of my all time favorite movies:  1.   Levi Stubbs as the voice of Audrey II. As lead singer of The Four Tops, Levi obviously has a great singing voice. But he made Audrey II come to life in a way that is utterly indescribable.  2.   Steve Martin and Bill Murray.  Ok, these two guys are always incredible. Two of the funniest comedians of our time. But the scene of them together as the masochistic patient who meets the sadistic dentist ... this has got to be one of the most subversive scenes ever put on film.    And last, but certainly not least, is the brilliant direction of Frank Oz. Who could have guessed that the man responsible for \\"The Muppets\\" could produce something as dark and twisted as the Little Shop of Horrors?    It's been almost 25 years since the \\"Little Shop of Horrors\\" sprouted forth into the world, and it's still one of the craziest movies ever made.
1405881186|4.0|It's a good Pronunciaton book.  It's uesful to prepare English teaching materials.  However, I found out two weaknesses in this dictionary at the moment:    1) The sounds of the English Language IPA symbols (alphabets) should've been included in the CD.  2) One of the issues which upsets me every time I visit the English Pronuniciation books is when the authors of such kind of books try to simplify by modifying or replacing the true and standard IPA symbols with different symbols.  This leads us to confusion instead of making a smooth teaching learning process of English pronunciation.    According to the above reasons, we must be able to focus on the sounds of the English Language IPA Symbols as one of the first steps of teaching/learning process; to use only the standard English Language IPA symbols instead of replacing them with different symbols.     And this helps students understand and use the sounds properly and correctly at the early stage.        Thanks,      Hussien M Ahmedin[[ASIN:1405881186 Longman Pronunciation Dictionary, Paper with CD-ROM (3rd Edition)]]
0374158460|5.0|What an exquisite,exuberant tale Jonathan Franzen has spun!  Be careful readind it,though.It's very addictive...and it can wipe you out.  One or the most riveting features of the book is its baffling accessibility.Anyone can read this novel.And understand it.Freedom.  Take notice-the scene in the bathroom at the Estancia El Triunfo is truly jaw-dropping:an instant classic passage of American literature that will be talked about for years to come.There are rhapsodic pages as well:the description of the migrating birds returning to North America is heartbreakingly beautiful.  Yes,there are toxic side effects to all that freedom and abundance(the forty-seven forms of chocolate!).Suffering,greed,dysfunction,etc. appear quickly as ugly step sisters.  Meanwhile,after finishing the book,we can go on warbling those Cerulean blues as best we can.And,perhaps,start building one's own Lalitha's Reserve,within the confines of our hearts.Bravo,Mr. Franzen.
B001I5M9SC|3.0|Sound has always been not up to high standards with Bocelli.The people advising him have done him a great disservice.
0385737955|4.0|I was surprised by how much I liked this book... It's definetly written for young boys. Using silly made up words like \\"Shank\\" and the cheesy monsters, the Greivers.  I'm sorry but I couldn't find this monster scary, it was just silly to me and quite unbelieveable.  But, I've always been a fan of young adult books.  They are quick and easy to read, and they usually involve a lot of fantasy fiction.  This story reminded me a lot of the Hunger Games trilogy... not quite as good, but still similar.  I feel like this is a boys version of that... no love triangle, but still a post-apocolyptic world where children are tested by being put in life and death situations.  I'm also a sucker for puzzles... so the setting of a giant maze was really captivating.  I was glued to the book starting on page one because I couldn't wait to find out the solution to the maze.  In the end, the solution is pretty far fetched... but hey, it's fiction... I still enjoyed it and can't wait to read the Scorch Trials next!
B001GMH8SI|5.0|Love it!  I live in Taiwan and it has not been released here yet.  I bought it for my husband for Christmas and just couldn't wait to give it to him :)
B001FB4W16|5.0|True Blood by far is one of the few vampire-esque miniseries I've been able to get into and stay into throughout its 4 seasons. The vampire lore is not quite as tested in True Blood as it is in other mediums that showcase vampirism and that is what adds to the allure of the series. The cast could not have been more perfectly assembled, in my opinion, as each character builds even in the first season and continues to progress throughout the series. The chemistry between Paquin and Moyer is mesmerizing and keeps the series hopelessly addictive for those of us with a romantic side. The first season by far is my favorite due to the suspense and sub-plots that run their course throughout the course of the series. This is a must have for any vampire lore lover and those seeking something a edgier than the Twilight Series or Vampire Diaries.
0452295548|3.0|Want to get a different perspective on neuroplasticity, the lessons of Buddhism, and how to actually interact with a stroke victim?  This is the book.
0312330537|5.0|Like most of the reviews of this book I have to say that it was probably one of the best books I have ever read. It captures the scenery, people and events with such poignancy that it grips the reader from the very first page. I could not put this down. Even with its 900- odd pages I just had to keep reading and reading. What an amazing story. I cant rate this highly enough. I think most people who read this will want to journey to India to see it for themselves if they havent already been there. It will take a very long time to find a book to equal this in every respect.
0140439129|5.0|Since I am not a geneticist, I will not assess Darwin's view on the biological side of this thought. But since he widely pretends to transfer this knowledge of his that is fascinating to other domains like linguistics which he does not know at all, I will concentrate in that short review on that very problem.<br /><br />Pages 370-71 of this edition you find a quotation that has been exclusively used by so many of the phylogenetic linguists of today that the whole thing sounds suspicious. In this quotation of eighteen lines, most of the time cut short to even only three lines and three dots, Darwin expresses the idea that the phylogeny of languages is absolutely parallel to the phylogeny of the various human families and what he calls \\"races\\" of the human species. He even seems to establish a parallel between the phylogeny of languages and the geographic migrations of the human species and its different \\"races\\".<br /><br />That very idea cannot today be accepted. There might be some side-connections between human groups, their migrations, their geographical positions and their genetic characters but the most advanced opinions on the subject would say that we today do not have enough data to just evoke a hypothesis.<br /><br />There is more though. He seems to be inclined to accept the idea that there could be a relation between mutations and the non-use or the use of something. In this volume it is not clearly developed but it is present behind, not between, the lines.<br /><br />Yet he opposes instinct which is purely genetic, though we could question the point and think of things that are acquired, even by animals, through experience from the very first instant of life, and knowledge that can be learned thanks to language. And we are back to language that is not clearly defined in this book. It is more or less taken for granted in its nature and the articulated hierarchy that builds that language is not even hinted at.<br /><br />This book is essential for the genetic vision of the evolution of life on earth, but it does not encompass clearly and seriously the development of the human species because it does not take into account the specificity of human experience and especially the powerful tool man invented when he started speaking his articulated language. But this book on that subject, I mean language, is only second and very far behind the other book by Darwin, The Descent of Man, at the end of his life.<br /><br />The phylogenetic linguists that build a whole approach on the quotation pages 370-371 of this edition are just using a name that has authority but not a serious argument. Yet it is this quotation that justifies the genetic nature of the linguistic ability that Chomsky states and all the phylogenetic approaches of languages that want to do things in the reverse way when compared to Darwin, to go up towards the past, when Darwin is always speaking of going down to the future of that past. He does not reconstruct, he descends the time line towards the present.<br /><br />Only Mark Stoneking from Leipzig seems to be realistic and honest enough to state that we do not have the necessary level of data in the linguistic field to just think we may eventually draw a hypothesis, not to mention a conclusion. And we should think of the total lack of endogenous phylogeny of language among the phylogenic linguists who are even at times not linguists at all but biologists. What do they know about the phylogeny of the word, the three articulations, consonantal, isolating, agglutinative, synthetic and analytical languages that are the direct consequences of these three articulations that they, none of them, mention or know. But Darwin is for them like a loincloth covering their nakedness.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGIDon earth, but it does not encompass clearly and seriously the development of the human species because it does not take into account the specificity of human experience and especially the powerful tool man invented when he started speaking his articulated language. But this book on that subject, I mean language, is only second and very far behind the other book by Darwin, The Descent of Man, at the end of his life.     The phylogenetic linguists that build a whole approach on the quotation pages 370-371 of this edition are just using a name that has authority but not a serious argument. Yet it is this quotation that justifies the genetic nature of the linguistic ability that Chomsky states and all the phylogenetic approaches of languages that want to do things in the reverse way when compared to Darwin, to go up towards the past, when Darwin is always speaking of going down to the future of that past. He does not reconstruct, he descends the time line towards the present.     Only Mark Stoneking from Leipzig seems to be realistic and honest enough to state that we do not have the necessary level of data in the linguistic field to just think we may eventually draw a hypothesis, not to mention a conclusion. And we should think of the total lack of endogenous phylogeny of language among the phylogenic linguists who are even at times not linguists at all but biologists. What do they know about the phylogeny of the word, the three articulations, consonantal, isolating, agglutinative, synthetic and analytical languages that are the direct consequences of these three articulations that they, none of them, mention or know. But Darwin is for them like a loincloth covering their nakedness.     Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Crteil, CEGID
006112429X|2.0|I was intrigued by the premise of this book, and the author's writing style was one that I appreciated. I liked the voice of Eva and actually felt that the narrative quality to the story was well-executed. Ultimately, however, I felt that the book had a fatal flaw and that was the character of Kevin. By opting to make Kevin a \\"Damian\\"-like character, I feel that the author eliminated much of the suspense and genuine horror from the book. How terrifying would this story be, if there were any real question about Eva's parenting, or if it seemed that this scenario *could* happen to anyone? As written, this more feels like an old-school creature-feature (\\"It Came From It's Mother's Womb\\") than an authentically scary page-turner. One of the scariest things as a parent is wondering which mistakes that you make will turn out to have a truly negative effect on your child. To capture that fright in a story like this seems to be the promise of the premise. But this book never delivers on that idea. Instead, Kevin is just a bad seed, which we've all seen before, and by the time his final act is revealed, it just feels overdone and silly. Grotesque, yes. Scary or emotional, no. Disappointing.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|i <3 daria!  the only thing that would make this better would be if all the original music was in the dvds, but i understand the cost associated with doing that would have been astronomical for the company.  and besides, i bought it so i could watch my favorite sarcastic cartoon character, not watch music videos.  also greath that both of the full length movies are included.  this brings me back to high school!  :)
B000UGG39Q|4.0|Out of their albums their 1st is the best. Its the heaviest too if that's what you're looking for. I like this one more than their 2nd. The first 5 songs on this  are solid. Things pick back up at the 8th song. Anything Pepper Keenan (Corrosion of Conformity, down) touches is gold. Too long of a wait between albums though. With Tool's long breaks and down's I'm hurting. A must have for the collection.<br /><br />Some one wrote a review saying that On March the Saints was the only good song on this album. I have a hard time believing they actaully listened to the rest of the album. Solid grooves throughout. Sample Beneath the Tides or Pillamyd and tell me that. If you have the same response I'd say you don't have a pulse.
B002JVWR4U|4.0|What is this Dollhouse, why does it exist, and where is it located ... and how can we destroy it? These seem to be the still-revolving questions asked of a building that contains an underground organization that wipes away someone's personality, leaving them in a mindless, childlike state - much like a doll.    And, much like said doll, if you never saw the first season, or did, and rather like myself had forgotten many aspects of it, then settling into this first episode of season two (the final season) is much like being one of those wiped dolls - remembering nothing that's transpired!    Because in the season opener, 'VOWS,' we get straight into the action without one single flashback or update reel! Echo, on one of her 'engagements' is marrying an arms dealer. It's six months after Alpha's reign of terror and with him still on the loose, Echo now begins randomly picking up flashes of past engagements - flashes that tend to get in her day-today 'fake' lives! Solid intro to the season, that features a great battle of an ending, and which also finds our hero starting to mind-fritz back to portions of her once self ie: Caroline.    In 'INSTINCT,' the story that Echo is living this time is very confusing. No real plot, save for the fact she now seems to be a mother to a beautifully cute baby boy, and a husband that wants nothing to do with either of them! Oh, and further complications arise when, thanks to Topher's programming, Echo takes too strongly to motherhood due to her maternal instincts ie: lactating boobs! This has to be the most mundane of the episodes in the season, sorry.    In 'BELLE CHOSE,' one portion of this story is about a weird, brain-disfunctional serial killer being put into a coma by a car accident (and the subsequent search to find some people who may have been abducted by him), whilst the Echo portion revolves around becoming a teacher's pet to a school teacher (Arye Gross as Professor Gossen)! The ending is a little weird, but fun.    In 'BELONGING,' the episode evolves around Sierra and how she came to the Dollhouse. It also features the arrival of new (semi) cast member, David Carradine ('Dexter') as the bigger boss to Adelle.    In 'THE PUBLIC EYE,' trouble is brewing within the Dollhouse. Echo is sent to Washington, DC to stop Senator Daniel Perrin before he can expose the Dollhouse's secrets. A twist comes a little later in the episode, but what a twist! Also, the beautiful Summer Glau ('Terminator The Sarah Connor Chronicles') makes her first appearance as genius programmer, Bennett Halverson, a woman with a mysterious past connection to Echo.    In 'THE LEFT HAND,' a reference to Bennett Halverson's 'dead' left arm, things come to light about the 'special' relationship between Echo and Bennett, in which a flashback reveals the real truth of how things came to be. Meanwhile, Topher sees double when he involves Victor in his espionage plans to hack into the DC Dollhouse computer to locate both Echo and Senator Perrin as they try to run from Perrin's wife Cindy, who is more connected than thought to the DC Dollhouse.    In 'MEET JANE DOE,' after her entanglements with Senator Perrin and the DC Dollhouse, Echo finds herself out in the world-at-large as she struggles to control her multiple memory downloads, as well as those of her original memory of Caroline. Unsure who she is, Echo/Caroline calls upon the only person she can remember; Ballard, when she lands in a jam in a small town in Texas involving an illegal Mexican immigrant woman whom gets jailed - because of something she did to try and help her.    In 'A LOVE SUPREME,' a few old favs from Dollhouse episodes gone by come out to play, but not for long for most of them! And that's due to the return of Alpha (the brilliant Alan Tyduk), who emerges from hiding and sets about 'removing' all of Echo's past romantic engagements! Not least a great (sorry) explosive scene atop a building! Another outing here for Patton Oswalt, who takes it with both hands, is fun to watch. At the same time though, Echo is locked in a cell, her brain on meltdown, Adelle trying to figure out what's going on inside her head. This is truly the first action episode of the second season!    In 'STOP-LOSS,' Victor's five-year contract with the Dollhouse elapses and he goes back out into the real world under his old personality of Anthony Ceccoli. But his past as a soldier fighting in Afghanistan suddenly creeps up on him (literally) and he is 'programmed' by another sector of men to, once more, become a fighting machine. Echo is then forced to recruit Sierra, under her real personalty of Priya, to help rescue Victor/Anthony.    In 'THE ATTIC,' (a great, revealing episode that I think we can all agree we've been waiting to delve into for over a year now!), when Adelle fears that Echo's multiple mind imprints are making her a danger to her goals for Rossum, she has her sent to The Attic! A place where such people as Echo are kept in limbo, forced to face their worst nightmares over and over. A weird episode this one, for sure, and not too left of center to hear that it was directed by American comic book artist and writer, John Cassaday! With her former Dollhouse rep Laurence Dominic in there to aid her escape the Matrix, they also run into the dark figure trying to kill everyone, named Arcane.    In 'GETTING CLOSER,' and with an in-house team of people all culled together to take down Rossum, the conspiracy now fully revealed, Boyd's away day secret is revealed! Topher meets up with Bennett when she is forcibly taken from the DC Dollhouse and brought to Los Angeles to help restore Caroline's past memory from a broken imprint. A great line here is uttered by Adelle to Topher as she walks by his office: \\"That troublesome, once-armed creature. Where is she?\\" Classic, especially with that posh British accent involved! Ballard struggles with the facts of his new existence as an Active, while he also brings in former active November/Millie back into the fold. The background story between Caroline and Bennett is revealed from three years earlier, and before the episode is over, two major twists are brought upon us ... including the death of a (semi) main character!    In 'THE HOLLOW MEN,' and with the secret of who the 'in their midst' actual co-creator of Rossum really is, Echo and the survivors of the Dollhouse head out to Arizona to locate and shut-down the Rossum Corporation's mainframe computer system - which is scheduled to go into active status for remote mind-wipes in global proportions. This episode, as the season/series winds down, feature the death of another (semi) main character. And, come the end, when the bombs go off inside the building, and everyone pats each other on the back for saving the world, a) externally there is nothing wrong with the just-blown building ie: HORRIBLE CGI, and b) with one final episode to go, me thinks they celebrated too soon!    In the final episode, 'EPITAPH 2: THE RETURN,' well, I have to say that the first 10 minutes are very confusing! First set in LA in 2019, we quickly jump to somewhere else in 2020. \\"Half the world is wiped, the other half are crazies,\\" is uttered, giving us knowledge that Rossum's plan to wipe the entire world is (still) more than in motion.    With events finally having come full-circle as Echo and the few surviving Dollhouse staff struggle to restore mankind after the devastating events seen in the first season episode, 'Epitaph,' fellow actuals (those not affected by the wipes thus far), Mag, Zone, and the mind-restored Caroline (within a young child) set out to find the safe haven that can save man-kind from total extinction.    And, captured and working within the Rossum building, told to create a worldwide mind sweep device, or witness the death of a human being every day in front of him, Topher actually sets out to create a reverse mind sweep device - one that only he can detinate in Adelle's old high rise office, come the end ofthe episode. But, before that we get the deaths of two major characters - one seen, and sad, the other known-to-have-happened and (somewhat) joyous!    As for the actual ending, well, you'll have to watch that to find out - for, I ain't gonna spoil it for you! The special features are good, especially the Joss Whedon audio commentary on 'VOWS' where he talks more about the smaller budget this time around, the two cancelation notices he received for both seasons, the lighting within the Dollhouse, and the new cameras brought in for the HD shooting, etc. There are 7 deleted scenes, but they add noting to any story not already told or hinted at through the series, and the outtakes show the fun they had on set.    The 'Defining Moments' featurette is 10 minutes long and is basically a behind-the-scenes expose on what everyone went through for the art of making this show. \\"I am enormously proud of this weird thing that we created,\\" creator Joss Whedon admits at its close. And, the resturant dinner with all the main cast in 'Looking Back' is a little static, very stoic, in places, but serves up some tasty fun treats along the way. And so, enjoy, one and all.     Each Blu-ray and DVD comes with a 28 page exclusive limited  edition Dollhouse comic book by Dark Horse Comics. Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen,  joined by longtime Buffy the Vampire Slayer artist Cliff Richards, take  us on an intricate trip through the precise moment when the Active technology  went global, and how the protagonists from Epitaph One and Two narrowly  avoided death, and worse.
044656740X|5.0|Fanatastic book. I'm happy of reading. It comforted me in my all days investing actions.  It's a shame that this book is not on the schools agendas.....
B0034G4P7G|5.0|\\"The Social Network\\"--when you leave this fine film, you feel as though for a couple of hours you've inhabited an alternate universe. The movie pulls you into this world of a needy nerd who, though ironically anti-social and essentially heartless invented the biggest social networking website ever. In the early part of the movie you are casketed (an almost claustrophobic milieu) in the total world of Harvard. It's a tight society made up of what will become the country's elite.<br />The filmmaking is exceptional and unlike any other I can recall seeing. The editing is particularly sharp and striking with cross-editing of scenes from Mark Zuckerberg's past at Harvard and his present, in which he is giving depositions in two different cases. The twins and his original business partner are suing him. (Jesse Eisenberg does a great job portraying this self-absorbed techie.) Not only was he anti-social, but he didn't mind jettisoning his friends or classmates when it served his purposes.<br />The acting is for the most part excellent but the portrayal of the twins is closer to caricature than character realization. It shows Zuckerberg often swilling beer and being teed off because he wasn't accepted by the best clubs at the university. Wild college parties are shown as a backdrop to the formation of this site.<br />It's interesting that the membership of today's very democratic website was first only for the elite, exclusively at Harvard; then a few Ivy League schools and Stanford were included. How the privileged gulled the ordinary people is instructive, but also instructive is how these guys gulled each other.<br />Justin Timberlake, I think, gives a way too over-the-top performance as the founder of Napster who climbs aboard the Facebook money-making machine.<br />Compare Zuckerberg with the kid in \\"The Graduate\\" of 1967 and see how far our younger generation has progressed or regressed.<br />This is a brilliant piece of cinema-creation which captures a certain type of person that computers have spawned. When Mark is rejected by his girl, he decides to get back at her publicly in a nasty fashion through biting comments on his blog. He may have been the first cyber-bully. By all means, see this movie for many reasons. It's spell-binding, entertaining, and enlightening.ters have spawned. When Mark is rejected by his girl, he decides to get back at her publicly in a nasty fashion through biting comments on his blog. He may have been the first cyber-bully. By all means, see this movie for many reasons. It's spell-binding, entertaining, and enlightening.
0756665949|3.0|Even though the book is big and beautiful... the publishers obviously rushed production because my book is completely messed up! The hard cover was attached to the inside pages upside-down... which means that when you open the front cover of the book... the first inside page you see is actually the last page of the book... upside-down. Simply ridiculous. How can the publishers have allowed these to leave a warehouse??  Yes... I know I can exchange it for a new one, but it's just annoying that after waiting a long time for this book... I have to go through the hassle of returning it.... and waiting even longer!  Also...  I'm wondering if my book was an isolated mistake... or does anyone else have the same problem?
B000JBXY1W|1.0|I ordered this for a frend of mine and what I got is a burn copy in AVI that can only be played on a computer, Not happy at all.
B00000ITOY|5.0|I love, love, love Plan Toys! This stacker is great. I love that there are different shapes (as opposed to a typical ring shaped stacker). The shapes have a certain number of holes in them, that only fit the corresponding number of pegs on the board. It is definitely a challenge for younger toddlers. The pieces and board are the perfect size for little hands. This introduces shapes, colors, and also very introductory math skills. I think that there is a ton of education in this toy & would not hesitate to buy it again. It is well made and it is definitely one that can be saved for the grandchildren!
B002SRQ214|5.0|Very fast and cheap. I recommend 100%, excellent performance at an affordable price. with an average working temperature of 40 degrees. The original fan is somewhat noisy, but efficient. AAA + + +
B003NHRIVQ|4.0|I loved this movie because the script was very similar to the book. I like the idea of writing the screenplay before the book is written. This story is filled with many emotions, a great story, and Miley Cyrus exceeded my expectations in her performance.
B003UYUR10|3.0|It's not a mind blowing moving but at the same time it's something that you can enjoy with your kids and have a nice family time.
B003XRZZFM|5.0|If I could give this album more than five stars I would!!!!  I am not sure how people could think that Dimmu Borgir are sell-outs.  I have been a fan of theirs for almost ten years.  I have every one of their albums, and they are among the upper crust of my fav all time bands.  I bought this album two days ago.  I listened to it non stop yesterday, and let me tell you what folks....it gets better with every listen.  To go even further this album made me do something that I never do, and that is write a blurb singing its praises.  I have read some reviews here that go track by track and give a breakdown.  Everyone has their own opinion, so here is mine....there are NO BAD TRACKS ON THIS ALBUM!!!!  As a matter of fact I would go as far as to say this album is probably one of the most well organized, and orchestrated albums I have ever heard!!!!  I wish I could create something like this.  Sheer BRILLIANCE!!!!  So there you have it.  I hope this helped.
189739330X|5.0|I wish I knew about this book prior to writing my award-winning children's<br />book. I went through many different resources and a total of six different<br />editors to ensure that all the proper tweaking was in place. I noted things<br />in this grammar book that I haven't found in any other book. The entry on<br />how to capitalize titles is excellent and something I had long wondered about.<br /><br />***<br />Titles and capitalization. With respect to book, magazines, songs, etc.,<br />confusion often exists as to when titles are italicized and when they are<br />placed in quotation marks. Note that underlining is no longer used to<br />identify titles (gone are the days of the typewriter). The general rule is<br />that longer works or full works are placed in italics. Partial works or<br />short works are placed in quotation marks, and are not italicized. This<br />means that the titles of books, magazines, newspapers, movies, TV programs,<br />radio programs, plays, and names of albums are italicized. However, the<br />titles of articles, essays, short stories, poems, chapters in a book,<br />episodes in a TV series, and songs are placed in quotation marks.<br /><br />Three rules are always observed with regard to the capitalization of titles:<br />always capitalize the first and last words of a title and never use a period<br />after the last word. Beyond this, the rules for capitalization of titles are<br />somewhat arbitrary. The broad rule is to capitalize all important words and<br />not to capitalize small, unimportant words. Important words include all<br />nouns, pronouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs. Exceptions may include the<br />verbs \\"is,\\" \\"am,\\" and \\"are\\" and the word \\"as,\\" regardless of what part of<br />speech it represents. \\"Unimportant\\" words'--'prepositions, conjunctions, and<br />interjections'--'may or may not be capitalized. Two-letter prepositions<br />(e.g., at, by, in, of, on, to, up) are seldom capitalized and the articles<br />(i.e., a, an, the) are virtually never capitalized (unless, of course,<br />they're the first word of a title). The coordinating conjunctions \\"and,\\"<br />\\"but,\\" \\"or,\\" \\"nor,\\" and \\"for\\" are seldom capitalized; the conjunctions \\"yet\\"<br />and \\"so\\" are almost always capitalized.<br /><br />Some confusion may arise with regard to the words \\"capitalization\\" and \\"full<br />caps.\\" Capitalization denotes placing only the first letter of a word in<br />caps (e.g., Great). Full caps refers to placing every letter of a word in<br />caps. (e.g., GREAT).<br />***.e., a, an, the) are virtually never capitalized (unless, of course,<br />they're the first word of a title). The coordinating conjunctions \\"and,\\"<br />\\"but,\\" \\"or,\\" \\"nor,\\" and \\"for\\" are seldom capitalized; the conjunctions \\"yet\\"<br />and \\"so\\" are almost always capitalized.<br /><br />Some confusion may arise with regard to the words \\"capitalization\\" and \\"full<br />caps.\\" Capitalization denotes placing only the first letter of a word in<br />caps (e.g., Great). Full caps refers to placing every letter of a word in<br />caps. (e.g., GREAT).<br />***
0345505387|5.0|I really loved the book and I am not one for this books style of reading.  I enjoyed to read Jamie's side of the story from his eyes.  I just wish the book could of been longer and I was sad where she left off like we were hanging with his story when I knew that is was not the whole Outlander book. As Diana Gablodon does she sets us up to know there is more to come.  So I can not wait for the next book in Jamie's eyes to come out.      If no one has ever read Diana Gabaldon and you want a quick read to know why all of us lover her books so much this is the one to get.  This is also for people who would love to read her books but do not  have the time to read such a long book.     I love all of Diana's books and like others who have read her books we are always waiting for the next one to come out...again I am waiting for this next book to come out now!
1594488843|5.0|When discussing reading - Emerson often talked about finding \\"nuggets.\\"  It was not a waste of time for him to read 300 to 400 pages just to find one precious nugget.  Daniel                                          Pink's DRIVE is one of those rare books where nuggets are as plentiful as acorns in autumn woods.    DRIVE makes an interesting as well as entertaining case of revealing the \\"...mismatch between what science knows and what business does.\\"  And mismatch it is for Pink's case is both convincing and compelling.  A real dilemma for any business book is how to come up with solutions to the same old tired business challenges that have been around since the first time one person said to another \\"Hey - I think we can make a buck from this.\\"  Instead of reinventing the motivation wheel (as so many business books attempt to do)- Pink shines a light on parts of the wheel never seen before.  His main point regarding Intrinsic Motivation will have many readers kicking themselves asking \\"now why didn't I think of that?\\"  Lucky for us - Daniel Pink has.
B002ZG99CC|3.0|I finally got around to seeing this after not seeing the original for many, many years. Perhaps it is not fair to compare this or the actors here to the original since many of the actors here are younger than the ones were in the original. However, since they chose to do the same movie, with the same name and with the same basic plot, comparisons will be made.    I found this to be lacking a lot of the kick (no pun intended), heart, and emotional payoff the original had during many scenes and overall. It isn't that it was devoid of heart or drama, but in many ways they are nowhere near the original's.    Dre (Jaden Smith) who is the \\"Daniel\\" character does a good job, is a cute kid etc. but for one seems a bit too cool for the character who is the underdog. Although he does admirably for his age, face it he is no Ralph Macchio. I don't think they should have gone with someone so young for such a role. Sure, it might appeal more to the younger kids. I realize the benefits of choosing younger and the negatives of choosing older actors to play younger parts (which has happened a lot in Hollywood), but it does often benefit in stronger actors in the roles.    Jackie Chan does admirably for his experience and probably shows more depth than have been seen from him (although I haven't watched his other movies). However, once again no comparison to Pat Morita who showed a lot more heart, determination and humor. Even though Miyagui was short and small, he conveyed the toughness andgrit to where you believed he could beat the evil sensei.    Taraji P. Henson (as Dre's mother) does have some funny moments, but doesn't measure up in the mother role either. Now, the following isn't her fault, but it seems unlikely to me in this day and age that a mother would let her son spend so much time alone with a virtual stranger (especially a single man). Now, this is sad that our times have become that way, but it is reality. One could argue that she just wants Dre to be happy and feelsbad they had to move, but still it doesn't seem plausible. But then again, these days too many parents want to be their kid's friends and seen as cool, so maybe this isn't as far-fetched as I thought. Either way, in most movies we have to suspend disbelief, so I will give them that one (at least to some degree). However, while we are on plot and details in relation to the mother, how many mothers do you know who wouldn't seem more concerned when her son was hurt at the end? I would think most would want to run up front and try to get to him. Most wouldn't be thrilled he was going to continue to fight when injured (when they were tied after his leg getting hurt a second time). The original actress showed much more concern, care etc. in this scene. In fact, after writing this earlier in the day, I remembered that the mother, Miyagui and girlfriend all DID run up front when the leg was first hurt (although above I was referring to when the \\"Johnny\\" equivalent hurt the leg before the final winning blow. The mother didn't seem all that concerned, but instead was excited when he got up to continue fighting at the end. I would think most wouldn't have wanted him to go on, or at least be real concerned and on the edge of their seats (even if they wanted to see them win).    The original sensei seemed much more evil and jerky than the one here did (Master Li?) The original was also much more intimidating and easier to hate even though the one here probably did worse things.    The Ali equivalent here was a sweet girl and funny in places, but didn't nearly have the chops of Elisabeth Shue. They did seem to develop the character here a bit more, but it didn't seem to do a lot of good and might have even distracted  from the main plot in some ways.    The Johnny equivalent here did show some jerkiness, but suffers from a lot of the same thing as the sensei above. Not as despicable, although he had his moments.    There were some differences here that made it different than a carbon copy (I might get into those later), but the basic plot is the same. With the Karate Kid really being the Kung Fu Kid aside, this seems to suffer with too many cool moves instead of drama and execution of the plot. The moves are cool to look at (but exaggerated  ) and the scenes nice to see, but a lot of the emotion is just not there. I can deal with the differences in teaching (no scrub the floor, paint the fence, wax on, wax off  etc. here) because the moves being taught are different. However, it seemed like it concentrated too much on being cool, showing cool moves etc. The original had enough moves to be dramatic and cool without trying to be a cross between a martial arts flick and a live depiction of a video game.    I guessed early on (when the day of the girl's audition changed) that something would try to prevent her from going to the tournament. I was correct except I thought it would be her needing to be in concert, rehearsal or something. I also figured she would get there anyhow, but was surprised about the parents not allowing her to see him and Dre and Mr. Han going to the house. Those were nice.    There were some heartwarming moments and we did see Mr. Han and Dre make differences in each others' lives. There was still some drama and payoff, and perhaps those who never saw the far superior original might like it better than I did. I tried to be fair and rate it score-wise without the original in mind, but can't be absolutely sure I succeeded as of course after seeing it, this one fell short.
0007202075|5.0|THIS WAS VERY GOOD I HAVE THE POIROT MOVIE VESION WITH DAVID SUCHET AND HE DOES A VERY GOOD JOB ON DOING THE CHARACTERS ON THE AUDIO VERSION
B0001EFTVA|5.0|I have always enjoyed fun anime with quirky, playful and intriguing plot-lines (which covers most anime lol) but \\"Tokyo Godfathers\\" is simply a magnetic, brilliant movie whatever its genre. An engaging storyline with colorful, serious and believable characters keeps the viewer glued to the screen anticipating the next bit of dialog and emotional plot-flips. So special a film is \\"Tokyo Godfathers\\"; my family embraced it as the most recent addition to our 'holiday movie' yearly-must-sees since it embodies all the spirit of the holidays culminating with the warm fuzzy feeling of positive familial bonding. It is a perfect story of redemption, forgiveness and love poignantly if untraditionally presented.<br /><br />If you want red-nosed reindeer, fluffy snowmen and jolly, fat Santas-- avoid this movie like the plague! BUT, if you want something different for a Holiday-time movie yet still want a Christmas-related tale, grab a copy of \\"Tokyo Godfathers\\" to watch with your friends, family and loved ones this season (or at any time of the year!). It is one of those films that has it all: laughter, joy, tears and a strong emotional response that will make you ask yourself why you didn't add it to your movie collection years ago.<br /><br />*CONTENT ALERT*<br />Some content may be objectionable for certain individuals. \\"Tokyo Godfathers\\" is not suitable for everyone and is not a 'funny Saturday morning cartoon'. There are themes of violence, alcoholism, transgender-issues and gritty scenes of homelessness/street-life; this film is not recommended for younger or impressionable viewers.
B000002BVN|5.0|Another masterpiece from Michael Jackson.   He was the one and only King of music.
B002G4FQI4|5.0|This item was guaranteed to be free of any defects and it was delivered as said. Excellent product and seller!
0316017922|1.0|People are born into it? So only the elite have a shot? Give me a break!
0199559805|2.0|This is a joke - no Blackstone wrote anything in it, and it is just using my family name to further the jack-booted police state!
B004132I4S|4.0|In 2003, Sufjan Stevens claimed to have begun a project where he would write one album for each of the fifty states. This lasted for two brilliant records before Stevens admitted it was more of a marketing ploy than a realistic goal. Michigan and Illinois received the royal treatment while the remaining forty-eight states are left to wonder \\"what if.\\" Now, five years after Illinoise hit the shelves, Sufjan Stevens has finally taken a break from Christmas songs and audio/visual experiments to release another more customary pop record, or has he?<br /><br />The Age of Adz opens with \\"Futile Devices,\\" a familiarly calm track with a simple, yet effective instrumentation and Stevens' wistful vocals. Fans may rejoice at this newest addition to Stevens' collection of beautiful melodies, but it doesn't take long to learn these celebrations are premature. Stevens' increasingly experimental tendencies quickly take over.<br /><br />Nearly halfway through The Age of Adz, on the track \\"Now That I'm Older,\\" Stevens carefully places the line \\"it's different now, I think.\\" This is certainly the case with Stevens' newest release, and it's a realization that hits listeners instantaneously as the second track, \\"Too Much,\\" begins. Sounding like a mixture of Radiohead's Kid A and Flaming Lips' Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots, Stevens quickly dives into electronic, syncopated rhythms, expanding his instrumentation to incorporate strings, horns and a host of other sound effects and synthesized notes.<br /><br />The title track, \\"The Age of Adz,\\" follows \\"Too Much\\" with a similar beep transition to Radiohead's move from \\"Airbag\\" to \\"Paranoid Android\\" on OK Computer. Like that album, The Age of Adz uses this passage as an introduction to the most complex and monumental track on the record. Sufjan Stevens' vocals uncharacteristically waver in pitch, but they fit the music perfectly. Complete with a bombastic orchestration, Stevens shows off what he is truly capable of musically and further distances himself from his previous sound as the album continues on.<br /><br />With the exception of the drawn out, twenty-five minute final track, \\"Impossible Soul,\\" that delves into the world of Auto-tune, Sufjan Stevens' new sound is almost shockingly successful. Fans hoping for a continuation of his state albums project may have a hard time grasping the complex melodies of The Age of Adz, but those listeners patient enough to give the new sound a chance will learn Sufjan Stevens has plenty left to offer.<br /><br />Similar Artists: Radiohead, Animal Collective<br /><br />Track Suggestion: \\"The Age of Adz\\"s previous sound as the album continues on.    With the exception of the drawn out, twenty-five minute final track, \\"Impossible Soul,\\" that delves into the world of Auto-tune, Sufjan Stevens' new sound is almost shockingly successful. Fans hoping for a continuation of his state albums project may have a hard time grasping the complex melodies of The Age of Adz, but those listeners patient enough to give the new sound a chance will learn Sufjan Stevens has plenty left to offer.    Similar Artists: Radiohead, Animal Collective    Track Suggestion: \\"The Age of Adz\\"
1423113381|1.0|I was very excited when I heard this book featured African Americans because as a black woman, it's rare to find black protagonists in fantasy, especially children's fantasy novels. Imagine my surprise when I found that not only were they mixed, (black father, white mother), but the description of Sadie was basically the description of a white girl. I was truly crushed.    I look NOTHING like the description of Sadie, and I'd even say that most mixed black girls don't fit that description either. There was nothing about Sadie that I could identify with on a visual scale. Nothing.    And then on top of that, to add insult to injury, he made the white woman a powerful EGYPTIAN goddess? WTF? In who's Universe did a white woman become a goddess of the black Egyptians?     Mr. Riordan did not want to have black heroes, he wanted to have white heroes who just happened to have black blood. I have to admit that this was a blow and has even colored my enjoyment of the Percy Jackson novels.     And the mother? It just about made my sister sick when she read this, she threw the book down in disgust.     Traditional black women with dark brown eyes, dark hair, and dark skin are disappearing from all forms of media, novels included. I had so hoped, when I opened the book, that Mr. Riordan would be different and represent the average black person. Needless to say I was very disappointed.     If you wanted a white hero, then make it a white hero. Don't call them black, then dilute them just to be seen as ethnically diverse. It is a insult to yourself as a writer, mostly it is an insult to black people.
B003UYUR10|5.0|This is an excellent fantasy film. You don't have to be a big movie goer to enjoy it because even I don't see a lot of movies. The amazing stunts, thrilling story, and beautiful Tamina have you on your toes the whole time.    This movie should be given 5 stars because it is packed with action and romance for all ages. I'm definitely going to buy this so I can see it for the 4th time (within 2 weeks!). Even my dad like it! It's getting close to halloween, so I may even dress as Dastan, the brave hero in the story.    Prince of Persia... an amazing movie. If you haven't seen it, get it! And maybe Disney will make a sequel if you give it 5 stars!
B0037QGS0A|3.0|I have not yet seen \\"Chloe,\\" but from reading the plot line it sounds remarkably similar to a French movie I have seen, \\"Nathalie,\\" that features Emmanuelle Beart(of \\"Date With An Angel\\") in the role of the hired seductress, and Gerard Depardieu in the role of the suspected cheating husband.  If you liked \\"Chloe,\\" you might want to check out \\"Nathalie.\\"  I would rate \\"Nathalie\\" as a 5 star movie; it is quite good and suspenseful.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This is the perfect fixed angle sharpener for all of my pocket knives.  I use it for the \\"in between\\" sharpenings when I don't want to get out my sharpening kit.  It's great at keeping a sharp edge on your knives with minimal effort.  I like how the sharpening components are set in a way so that you can fit the entire knife blade in the sharpener up to the handle.    It's compact, well built, easy to use.  You really can't go wrong with anything from Smith's.  I haven't used the diamond stick for sharpening serrated edges yet, but I'll vouch for the ceramic and carbide elements.  I would highly recommend this if you need a highly portable and highly effective knife sharpener.
B003UTUQ3E|5.0|This really the best post Ziggy and most consistent since then. The Vocals and Guitars on this album has to be some of his best. Carlos Almomar has to receive alot of credit for the excellent guitar work that makes many of theses songs great Songs, Station to Station, Stay, The vocals on Word on A Wing ans well as all the others showcase Bowie as one of the great vocalists, not to mention all his other skills such as songwriter. No Bowie collection can be complete without this. As for the complete package I don't have it to evalute that part of it, it seems that a lot of effort has being put into it.
0786955554|3.0|I have quite a few sets of most of the Tile sets that have been released to date.  I was really looking forward to this set and I must say I was disappointed.  Quality-wise, from a materials standpoint its just as good as the all the previous sets, but the tiles were rather boring and uninteresting.  Most I already had from other sets and there was really nothing that made this set stand out or make me say \\"cool\\".<br /><br />All in all, I would say a very middle-of-the-road product.
B00001OH7T|5.0|Bowie as I have many times felt he was better with the spiders, however it is also hard to keep a talented person down and he does surround himself with very capable musicians. Excellent vocals, their are only a few men who are really skilled vocalists, David being one, Tony Hadley, Johnny Mathis, Paul McCartney but their is really only a handful. Young Americans the title song is really a masterpiece, Fascintion is another and the Beatles Across The Universe.
0385738757|5.0|After reading the first book I thought to myself, \\"That was an awesome book! The only thing that would make it better is if some blood thirsty zombies were thrown into the mix.\\" And that is exactly what Dashner did in this sequel. This book was every bit as intense, exciting, and mysterious as the first one; with the added bonus of \\"zombies\\"! True it doesn't answer all of questions, but if it did, then there would be no need for a third book. I can wait to find out how the trilogy ends!
B003DZX3US|1.0|I just bought the Beauty and the Beast Diamond edition and first thing I did was race home to watch it and what a disappointment! The blu ray edition looks terrible on both a plasma and LCD tv. The animation doesn't look hand drawn anymore its like DIsney is trying to convert the magic of the old disney films into the crappy animation of newer kids movies. The coloring wasn't bad and neither was the sound, its simply that it seems like the artistry of the original movie isn't in the new release. Luckily the DVD version looks good on a LCD tv but still not on a plasma. My parents have the original VHS release of this movie and I would rather watch it a million times over this \\"newer edition\\". I wish Disney would just leave their classic movies alone they were amazing in their original production. If it isn't broke, DON'T fix it!
0143038419|5.0|Excellent service!  With used items sometimes the description it not so hot, but this was spot on.  It arrived promptly and was shipped to ensure that it arrived in the same condition in which it was shipped.  I would absolutely use this seller again.
B003YOZNBU|5.0|this movie was awesome, i think megan fox was soo hot and i like the story of jonah hex, a worthless bounty hunter, it was a badass film
0545265355|5.0|I Recieved my box trilogy in a timely manner and am 100% satisfied!    Thanks
3785742258|3.0|This is my first contact with the author.  Ashamed to say that I've never seen nor read Mystic River.<br />This is a good action story with good descriptions that let your imagination run fairly well: Are there evil government guys, ex Nazis? But I ended up confused as other reviewers were.  Oh well.<br />The audio is a good way to \\"read\\" this book.  The reader is good, but with one exception.  He reads \\"M 15\\" instead of MI5.  Must not of heard of James Bond.
0525951652|5.0|Prior to the release of Pillars of the Earth and World Without End I was not a great fan of Mr. Follett 's books. However, his Pillars series were two of my favorite books ever..... Enthralling!<br /><br />When I saw the size of Fall of Giants I almost choked! Additionally the historical period of the book is not my favorite - it 's early 20th century. That being said - this is another amazing tale that makes the size of the book something to look forward to. This is a riveting read filed with characters who come to life- who you come to feel thoroughly involved with. This is another book that I did not to end. As large as the book is - you don't want it to end!<br /><br />I also listened ro this book and the narrator, John Lee, is amazing. The book is book s brought to life and, as you listen, you as if you are a part of the story.<br /><br />Fabulous read. 5 stars from me - don't let the lengthnof this amazing book deter you!
0312600844|2.0|I'm not the kind of person who has to identify with a protagonist in order to like a book, but I swear, every single one of these characters made me groan!  They're not just loathsome, they're a snooze too.  I wish I'd curbed my curiosity!
0767800958|4.0|The movie was very artistically passionate, compelling and engaging.  I highly recommend it to all.
6305127638|5.0|As expected the DVD had been is superior condition.  Also, I was very pleased by the price.   Yes, the instructions say to \\"aim between 75 and 300 words\\".  However, I have nothing more to say.    Jeffrey C. Apparius  Bremerton, WA
0553805371|3.0|I have read A Brief History of Time and the Universe in a Nutshell and found both to be difficult to understand for a non-physicist and so informed my wife. When The Grand Design was released I of-course bought it immediatly even though my wife thought it made no sense since I complained about the first two.<br />I seems to me that Grand Design a poor version of an Idiots Guide to M-Theory. It presents the material in a to simplistic fashion that does not allow an in depth understanding of the material.<br />I would suggest that somewhere between to technical and to complex would make a more comprehensible presentation quantum theory.<br />Stephen please try again.<br />RCS
B002S0OBMS|5.0|Love Never Dies, The Album      Across the globe, thousands of phantom fans, or \\"phans\\" as they like to call themselves, are criticizing Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber's new musical Love Never Dies. Since it is currently only available in Europe, the phans over here in the States are rather stuck with only being able to judge this new storyline based on the soundtrack. The lack of American touring has also limited phans to using their imagination and limited video clips on YouTube in order to piece together the dramatics and intricacies of the Phantom's newly established world. Being a huge supporter of Sir Webber's musicals, particularly The Phantom of the Opera, I took a leap from my perch against this sequel, and decided to buy the soundtrack off of iTunes.    Love Never Dies takes place roughly ten years after the discovery of the Phantom's lair. Set in New York at the Coney Island, the Phantom has shed his eccentric life beneath the opera house, and is now known as the mysterious businessman Mr. Y, after being smuggled to America by Madame Giry. Joining the pair is Meg Giry, Christine's best friend from the opera house, who is now Mr. Y's leading \\"Ooh-La-La\\" showgirl. Now the owner of Coney Island, Mr. Y has paid the infamous Christine Daa to come to America and perform as the season finale of Coney Island. However with Mr. Y's opera star comes her husband Raoul, the Vicomte de Chagny, and son, which is where the plot begins to twist.    The characters found in this sequel are anything but lacking in depth. With the passing of ten years between musicals occurring, Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber has come back with returning characters that have gained deeper personalities. Christine Daa has gained more wisdom concerned more about educating her son to not judge someone by just appearance, and the shady Mr. Y has learned a little more about tact and patience since The Phantom of the Opera. Both the Giry's have also learned to become a bit more involved as well, with Meg refusing to stand anywhere except under the spotlight, and Madame Giry seems to have applied her strictness during ballet rehearsals to everyday life. Raoul, however, has taken a turn for the worse. Gone is the shining blonde haired knight in shining armor, and instead we find a man who has become coarse, a gambler and a drunkard. Many girls might be rather upset about the handsome viscount being demoted to gambling his wealth away, but I find it rather refreshing that Webber decided to not keep the shallow fop as virtuous as he seemed. Enter a new character: Gustave, who is the mysterious son of Christine, who seems to have inherited her innocent charm.     Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber definitely created this sequel with the present expectations of a musical in mind. With voice types that you would hear from Wicked, or Moulin Rouge, Webber has definitely moved up with the times, creating a whirlwind of a story line that finally leaves this story without a cliff-hanger, but a finalized ending, that coincidentally could tie in with the ending used in the movie version of The Phantom of the Opera. Although the \\"Phantom of the Opera\\" main theme was not chosen to play a role in linking together the musicals, listeners will be able to hear bits and pieces of favorites like \\"Angel of Music,\\" \\"Prima Donna\\" and \\"Point of No Return.\\" With most of the new songs from this musical are done in the normal route of an orchestra, Webber has given the character \\"Mr. Y\\" a little bit more of an edge, incorporating electric guitar into some of his songs and themes. Song favorites that these phans could grudgingly accept can actually parallel to some of the original favorites. \\"Beneath the Moonless Sky\\" can be seen as the \\"Point of no Return\\" with it being the passionate duet between Christine and Mr. Y. \\"Till I hear you sing\\" could also be seen as the Phantom's beloved \\"Music of the Night,\\" a ballad that depicts his devotedness towards his opera star. Although \\"Devil take the Hindmost\\" does not have a specific song from The Phantom of the Opera to relate to, it does voice the barely masked hatred that was found between the two male leading roles. Obviously \\"Love Never Dies\\" is the new \\"Think of Me,\\" being that it is not only Christine's key solo song, but also the aria that Mr. Y writes for her.       Despite all of these character improvements and musical numbers that could become rather popular, there does seem to be something that is lacking in the musical overall. This might have been why Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber asked all of the phans out there to not think of this musical as an actual sequel, but more of an attachment to The Phantom of the Opera that continues the story, and shows his ideas about what could have occurred after the ending of the famous novel written by Gaston Leuroux. There just seems to be a sort of hollowness in the music that doesn't completely envelope the listener's ears. In Webber's defense, those are also the musicals that the present generation can't really connect well with, since they normally go for pop-like Broadway hits like Wicked.    For those who appreciate musical theatre, but not addicted to a more classical sound: enjoy. I'm sure that with the wide array of styles, from passionate ballads to catchy show songs, there will be something that you'll enjoy. For all of the phans out there: step out of your box, listen to the original recording of The Phantom of the Opera, then the movie soundtrack. Take a break and listen to some Wicked, and get that current Broadway style into your taste buds. Then have a go at Love Never Dies. It might seem like a ridiculous route to take, but it might help the shocking, yet overall pleasant, route that Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber has chosen to take with this. For those who are just beginning to gain an interest in musical theatre: start off with another show, otherwise you might find yourself caught in the crossfire and controversy that has just begun to surround both musicals.     Overall I think that although Love Never Dies is in a different category than the Phantom of the Opera, it's definitely a show that I personally cannot wait to see--the album has wet my appetite, and I truly hope that Love Never Dies will be welcomed on Broadway.
0374158460|2.0|Jonathan Franzen's fine ambition to write an important, classic novel got him hijacked (unconsciously no doubt) by another classic novel - Tolstoy's \\"Anna Karenina.\\"  How else to understand the fact that the central action driving the plot is Patty Berglund's adultery: her betrayal of husband Walter with their rock-star friend Katz?  Or that the concluding action is Patty's casting herself on Walter's doorstep in northern Minnesota, ready to punish herself to suicide by hypothermia unless (this was after all 2004) he takes her in & forgives her?    For the defense: yes, people do damage relationships by having sex with someone they shouldn't.  And yes, this novel gives us abundantly, precisely, and with a generous intelligence the life-worlds through which the Berglunds move - St. Paul in gentrification, the New York area, Washington &c. It's capacious, wide-lens fiction.  And the public-affairs action has its own narrative logic, not subtle, but sadly recognizable.    For the prosecution:  Franzen's authorial thumb comes down on Patty a few times too often. She's a basketball star in college, but in the big game vs. UCLA she utterly fails - screwed up by irrelevant private emotions.  Which likewise cause her to fall and damage her knee so she can never play again.  Not enough for you?  When her commitment to being a housewife & mother goes sour, she records that \\"what she should have done then was find a job or go back to school....\\" (p.179)  The men around her go to work in conservation, or make music.  But Franzen her creator can't imagine anything for her to do (now why would that be?), so she just traipses after Walter to DC, where she becomes \\"poor competitive lost Patty, who wasn't doing anything remotely brave or admirable... .\\"  (p.304)  And should we mention that Walter gets to have delicious adultery with his assistant Lalitha, blame-free because he's already got Patty out of the house?  Or that, in the decisive action-move that a novelist usually needs 50 pp. before the novel's end, Lalitha enables closure by dying in a car accident?    For the defense: well, some women like Patty, whose mothers have aggressive political careers, might well decide to go in the opposite direction (never mind that mothering has a built-in sell-by date-).  No doubt it happens.    For the prosecution:  In \\"Anna Karenina\\" Tolstoy offers the alternative couple who exemplify constancy, Levin and Kitty; in \\"Freedom,\\" the constant pair will be Patty's son Joey and Connie.  Now, Joey is about as credible as Levin - maybe 65% - but he's a splendidly comic twist on Tolstoy's model, full of bad intentions but becoming halfway decent despite himself.  But Connie? \\"Connie had a wry, compact intelligence, a firm little clitoris of discernment and sensitivity....\\" (p.246)  The word \\"little\\" defines her over and over, down to her \\"little underpants\\" - and what mind she has is a \\"powerful animal intelligence\\" (p.419.  Had enough?    Whatever the defects of Jennifer Weiner's anti-Franzen rant, it really can't be denied that a deep strain of sexism runs through \\"Freedom\\".  Just as it did through \\"Anna Karenina,\\" only Tolstoy had the excuse of writing back in the 19th century.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|Don't pass up! I had the DVD which looked great, but the Blu Ray looks amazing! Pick this up if you are a fan of Final Fantasy 7!
B0029LHW4U|2.0|Not that this album is a pig per se, but it is another Jerry Cantrell solo album not Alice in Chains. As a Jerry Cantrell solo album I might give it 3 stars. It's a decent effort for Cantrell, but calling it Alice in Chains is disrespectful. Believe me, I was psyched to see them live with Duvall. They almost pulled it off. But this isn't an AIC album. Not without Layne. Duvall doesn't fill that void by any means, especially as a lyricist, which was Layne's main contribution.    You can't just replace the man with the most distinct and unique vocals of any front man in the \\"grudge\\" era. Staley had an incredibly passionate and powerful singing style and great vocal range. By comparison Duvall is good, but kind of mediocre. I listened to this album and thought \\"this is a great JC Solo album\\". Then I listen to \\"Would?\\", a song penned by Cantrell, but the way Layne sang his verses still sent shivers down my spine. He had IT. He could deliver. He could take you there. He could take it over the top.     Jerry needed Layne's edge in vocals and writing contributions to make the songs and albums really great. If he didn't, then he could write music and release it under any name and people would buy it, because it would be so good, stand alone. Unfortunately, he needs the element that Staley brought to the table, or at least the name still associated with Layne (and him) to sell records.    I think they should've done what Kinney wanted to do and record under a different name. Something similar like \\"Alice Unchained\\", \\"Alice and Chains\\", or \\"Ann B. Davis in Chains\\". Those are close enough so they could let the mainstream know the band's back, just in a different from.     As for the music itself, I can sum it up in 1 word: uninspired. There are some good songs here, and it stacks up against Boggy Depot or Degradation Trip, which I only found had a couple of decent songs on that I listen to. Compared to AIC it has the sludge rock elements, but the music gets repetitive and drones along at times lacking the energy and punch of Facelift, Dirt, and most of the self titled, nor does it have the emotion of Sap or Jar of Flies. The lyrics are not nearly as thoughtful as past AIC albums, partial due to the departure of Layne, and lack the angst of Facelift and Dirt and the introspection and wit of Sap, Jar of Flies, or self titled. Those were great albums.    2 simple equations:   Cantrell + Staley = Alice In Chains   Alice In Chains - Staley = Jerry Cantrell Solo album
B001PO53IO|5.0|The visuals on the Blu Ray make it look so much better than it did on TV. The Blu Ray is worth picking up if you are a fan of the series.
B000002B2T|5.0|Just to be clear, I bought this album when it came out, and I loved it. It's been growing on me ever since. Most albums fade, but I really started to listen to it again about 5 years after it came out. I think it is because the music is great and not purely angst driven and the lyrics have mature subject matter that most of the \\"grunge\\" albums didn't have. It is about Layne's introspections and realizations about his life and where he was headed.   It still gets regular plays nearly 15 years later. There are not many albums I can listen to all the way through, but this one I can repeatedly. It may be one of my all time top favorite albums. I can understand the people who were disappointed, because this album doesn't sound that much like AIC. To me it truly sounds unique. Given that Jerry Cantrell moved on to make mediocre AIC like music sans Layne's talent, it is really impressive that Layne could be so successful venturing so far from the AIC sound. But Layne proved here that with another group of talented musicians, he had the talent to carry another band. Whereas, his band mate had to recently cash in on the AIC name to sell his solo records.   Although some may find the music depressing, I find it to be more uplifting than any AIC album or even most 90's rock. Sure it lacks the heavy, energetic riffs of AIC, but that's not what it is going for. It is hard to compare the music on this album to other bands, because it so unique. It reminds more of Screaming Trees than Pearl Jam or AIC, which is ironic, since you wouldn't expect the drummer to have the most influence over the musical direction.   \\"Wake up\\" is an incredibly soulful track with Staley pouring out his confessions of his self destructive behavior. I wish he could've \\"Woken up\\" and recovered and continued to make music, but... (5/5)   \\"X-Ray Mind\\" is a much more energetic track with a tribal drum line and more insightful lyrics, which most believe to be about the manipulative record companies, but only Layne knows for sure. I love that bongo intro. To those who are looking for great riffs like AIC had, well, this songs has some great rhythm. (5/5)   \\"River of Deceit\\" of course is the radio classic that most people know. A soul cleansing ballad for sure. This track is one of the reasons I say this record is mature. How many radio hits are there about excepting the consequences for ones actions? (4.5/5)   The title track continues the mature theme. A song about forgiveness and being the bigger person. Being \\"Above\\" those who you have confronted. It is a heavier track for this album, but it isn't that heavy or angry. After all, it isn't about anger but about absolution. This song has one of my favorite acoustic guitar solos too and Lanegan's guest vocals are just icing on the cake. (5/5)   \\"Artifical Red\\" is a bluesy jam about rehab. I didn't like this song that much at first, but it has grown on me. (4/5)   \\"Lifeless Dead\\" is a tragic love song on the heavier side, but more about the tragedy of loss than head banging. (5/5)   \\"I Don't Anything\\" is a simply catchy song with repetitive verses and great guitar hook. It reminds me of a softer predecessor to AIC's \\"Again\\". (4.5/5)   \\"Long Gone Day\\" is Mad Season's venture into a laid back jazzy lounge track. I like to think it's one of the first trip hop songs ever written. Once again Lanegan makes a great appearance and the split verse style and additional instrumentation, like the sax, create a groovy ambiance for this song. (5/5)   \\"November Hotel\\" is great instrumental that builds into a guitar driven climax. (4/5)   \\"All Alone\\" is a somber psuedo-instrumental about being, well, all alone. (4/5)   Even though this album leaves us with instrumentals that are definitely not the best of the album, it still leaves you wanting more. A great record for sure. Through the years this album has stayed with me. Not being the angst riddled teenager I once was, I have found myself listening to less of the classic big grunge 5's old albums, even though they were great, but Mad Season has grown with me.
0684830485|5.0|I fell hard for Ernest Hemingway in high school.<br /><br />I read A Farewell to Arms my sophomore year and fell in love with Hemingway and great literature. I read it over ever few years just because I can't get enough of the love story and Hemingway's gift for writing. Oh, he had a gift. I've also read The Sun Also Rises multiple times--sometimes because it was assigned and sometimes for fun. I've long heard that For Whom the Bell Tolls is supposed to be Hemingway's masterpiece and it's been on my to-read list for some time. (I have to admit that I have little to no desire to read about an old man in the sea. Sorry.)<br /><br />In For Whom the Bell Tolls, Robert Jordan is an American supporting the Republic in the Spanish Civil War. Jordan has been given the assignment to work with a small band of guerrillas to blow up a bridge at the moment of the Republic offensive. Over the three days he spends with the guerrillas the reader gets into his head and experiences the physical and psychological experience of being in war.<br /><br />I sat in my car waiting to do a family photo session this morning and finished this fabulous novel. It is powerful and emotional and just confirmed my belief that Hemingway is one of the greatest writers. I'm gushing, I know. He's not for everyone. I've pushed my husband to read both A Farewell to Arms and The Sun Also Rises and he's not a fan. My husband thinks Hemingway is just an angry drunk. He might be right but I'm going to encourage him to give Hemingway another chance and read For Whom the Bell Tolls. I think he will be glad he did.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|The book is great! Everyting falls into line perfectly. It's a very smart book; I would recommend it. The only thing that's &#34;wrong&#34; is the title which should be The Lost Hero and not Lost Hero, The. But even an error as small as that could not nock off any stars
0316077054|5.0|After not being claimed for darkness like she feared, you would expect Lena to be happy to be able to stay with Ethan. However her guilt from her Uncle's death is threatening to consume her and causes Lena to pull further and further away from Ethan. When Ethan starts having mysterious visions again, this time without Lena, he knows she is in trouble, but he just isn't sure what the danger really is. When Lena really starts to take a turn for the worst, Ethan may just be the only person who can save her from herself, but what happens when she doesn't want to be saved?<br /><br />The teen love angst was majorly stepped up in this book. It really surprises me to say this, but I actually think the angst added to the story. Usually this is something that will turn me off of a series, but it was handled perfectly in this book. Everything between Ethan and Lena is thoroughly strained, ripped, torn apart. It's almost as if all of their differences grew together and formed an impenetrable wall between the two of them. However, while the issues between them made for a terribly nail biting read, if they can overcome those obstacles, they will only come out the other side that much stronger. I really enjoy these two together and I hope their relationship will stand the test of time despite the road blocks along the way.<br /><br />A lot of questions get answered in this book. Many of those answers are ones you will never see coming. Things are really starting to come all together and the events in the past have woven a very intricate web to lead into the present. It's amazing to see how everything has led up to the current events, and its hard to believe there is still plenty we do not know. This book really has just the right amount of revelations to really keep the pace going, but it leaves plenty of mystery as well. This is a really fine line to follow, and can be one of my biggest pet peeves in a book. Too little information and the book is very frustrating, but too many revelations can become boring as there is no mystery left. I am very impressed with the way this series is progressing and handling the \\"information and mystery\\" issues.<br /><br />If you thought the stakes were high in the first book, this one steps it up that much further. Be prepared to sit on the edge of your seat the entire book. I couldn't read it any faster! This book will definitely grip you every bit as hard as the first one. After the revelations in this book, I cannot imagine the direction the next book will have to take. If you enjoyed the first book, this one surely will not disappoint. If you are anything like me, as soon as you finish this book, you will be counting down until the next one.become boring as there is no mystery left. I am very impressed with the way this series is progressing and handling the \\"information and mystery\\" issues.    If you thought the stakes were high in the first book, this one steps it up that much further. Be prepared to sit on the edge of your seat the entire book. I couldn't read it any faster! This book will definitely grip you every bit as hard as the first one. After the revelations in this book, I cannot imagine the direction the next book will have to take. If you enjoyed the first book, this one surely will not disappoint. If you are anything like me, as soon as you finish this book, you will be counting down until the next one.
B0041T52S6|5.0|After months of anticipation since the view of the teaser trailer, Scott Pilgrim finally hit the big screen. I was fortunate to see it on opening weekend, and I have to say that I was very satisfied. Scott Pilgrim VS. The World like the other well known Edgar Wright films such as Shawn of the Dead and Hot Fuzz is just as fast and just as zaney. What made me want to see this film of course besides the director is that this story is based on a 6 volume graphic novel. Also the cast is quite incredible and especially with the library of films that Michael Cera has to his name, colaborating with Wright was something that intrigued me. Scott Pilgrim is a two hour geeks wet dream, there is so much awesomeness you take away from this film. The pop culture references, the comic book/anime/video game theme throughout and the acting dare I say it at least for the film it was suppose to be was brilliant. As far as the actors go, as I expected Keiran Culkin pratically stole this movie. His character in the book was the funniest and did not disappoint with his performance. Another surprise for me was the newcommer Ellen Wong. I mean she played a girl named Knives...how cool is that?! Finally, I have to say that I was very impressed with Michael Cera in this movie, while he still uses his typical charm that you have seen in his films, he actually is not a fall back guy he actually grabs his balls and takes charge as the main character so I gotta say he did quite a good job as Scott Pilgrim.<br /><br />Compared to the books, it starts out accurate pratically page for page, but as it progresses starts to go in a very different direction. Most fans of the book would probably be a little upset Still, for a movie based on this story it was for the better. This movie still kept the main meat of the story intact and kept the fun factor sky high. I do have to say that Scott Pilgrim VS. The World is not a movie for everyone, but based on what I have said if you feel this is something you would enjoy I suggest you see it because you will most likely love it! Oh of course if you have seen this movie like I did (3 times to be exact) The DVD/Blue Ray is totally worth it! There is no doubt that I will watch it no less than 500 times in the first month of ownership.joy I suggest you see it because you will most likely love it! Oh of course if you have seen this movie like I did (3 times to be exact) The DVD/Blue Ray is totally worth it! There is no doubt that I will watch it no less than 500 times in the first month of ownership.
0312600844|1.0|This book starts stong but like a bananna left out on the counter in the dead of summer, its soft and rotten too soon. Oprah is NOT the goddess of the book review. This book is just way too long. I love a deep, involved read, but this one is so much like Facebook, a whole bunch of narsisisum in a small place and that gets really tiresome after while. I couldn't wait for this to end. It felt like going to the gym with Jillian \\"whats her name\\" screaming at me to \\"Push harder, keep going, dont you want this, arent you committed?, as I throw up from to much exertion.   Sorry, I am a passionate and avid reader, this one I could have done without.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|This is one of his best works for sure. To get a ful understanding read Percy jackson and the olympian series first. great book!
0307454541|3.0|This book is definately a good mystery that keeps you interested, but for me it was too graphic and went beyond what i wanted to picture. The story was good but a little bit all over the place.
0312600844|5.0|When Jonathan Franzen entitled his latest novel, I'm sure he had his tongue planted firmly in his  cheek. Freedom, what a word, so many connotations. But what is the author's intention? Does he want the reader to conjure the spirit of America, the very concept this land was founded on, a tenet of our American revolution? Does he want to remind his readers of the guiding principle of our lives, a principle so powerful, it is the very reason the 'terrorists' hate us. Or does he wish to connote the idea that \\"freedom's just another word\\", in the immortal words of Kris Kristofferson, \\"for nothing left to lose\\"? Well, it turns out it's probably all those things and more, but what he really wants us all to realize is that Freedom is complicated; its a shining star and a slippery slope; it's a serpent eating its own tail and a tale of rebirth; It's a philosophy to live for and to die for; and it can take a lifetime of commitment, sacrifice, and struggle to attain or to fail to attain...but it is worth it, right?<br /><br />As Franzen's story begins, Walter Berglund, an environmentalist - \\"greener than Greenpeace\\" - finds himself between a rock - or more accurately, a mountaintop - and a large Haliburton-like corporation, called LBI. In order to save an endangered species - a little blue bird called the cerulean warbler - his employer, Vin Haven, the CEO of a non-profit organization called The Cerulean Mountain Trust, has embroiled Walter in a West Virginia land deal that would allow LBI to employ a coal mining method called \\"mountaintop removal\\" which will blight the land, yet may be the only hope  to save Walter's birds from certain mass extinction. But, just because Walter understands that to enjoy long term benefits, we may need to suffer short term sacrifice doesn't mean that virtually anyone else (especially the farmers who are boondoggled into selling their land) in the private or political sector does - at least with regard to business or the environment; War, however, is another story. But we won't go there just yet.<br /><br />Patty Berglund, Walter's wife, is described as \\"a sunny carrier of sociocultural pollen, an affable bee\\". She's a Minnesota housewife, originally from Westchester county, New York, and a former college basketball star. Franzen uses Patty's psychoanalysis, in a way, as a means of backstory. Her analyst asks Patty to write a journal as a kind of therapy, the text of which becomes a long section of the novel. It turns out, before meeting Walter, she's practically stalked by her college dorm mate, Eliza, who, besides sycophantically following Patty's basketball career, emotionally imprisons Patty in her own twisted and needful world. Soon, by way of Eliza, Patty meets Richard Katz, a darkly prepossessing, if enigmatic, musician, and his roomie best friend, Walter, a tall, brilliant, unassuming though diffident science major. The plot is afoot. Through her journal, Patty tells us her deepest desires, regrets, and epiphanies, possibly to a fault - Patty's, not the novel's - and learns, among other things, that it may be possible to have too much freedom. As she's being 'stood up' at a would be tryst in Philadelphia, she muses,<br /><br />  \\"Where did the self pity come from? The inordinate volume of it? By most any standard, she led a luxurious life. She had all day every day to figure out some decent and satisfying way to live, and yet all she ever seemed to get for all her choices and all her freedom was more miserable. The autobiographer [Patty] is almost forced to the conclusion that she pitied herself for being so free.\\"<br /><br />Walter and Patty marry, have two kids, and settle in St Paul, Minnesota. They've become \\"the super guilty sort of liberals who needed to forgive everybody so their own good fortune could be forgiven; who lacked the courage of their privilege.\\" In an attempt to either prove or disprove that perception, we are treated to a few separate plot lines. One involves, Richard, Patty and Walter in a cat's cradle of  complicated emotions; another follows Walter and his assistant Lalitha as they, in a desperate attempt to save the cerulean warbler project,  petition Richard for aid in public relations; still another shadows the Berglunds' son, Joey, as he leaves his pining teenage girlfriend, Connie, in Minnesota, for college in Virginia. Joey spends much of his holiday time in New York, apartment sitting for his newly found aunt Abigail, an actress who is estranged from his mother. He invites Connie to the big city and things get a little too serious. In the midst of all this, he's able to procure a job - or really more of an opportunity than a job - thanks to his dad, with the LBI offshoot military defense contractor; RISEN (Restore Iraqi Secular Enterprise Now). Joey must, as a subcontractor, raise 300K to invest in armored vehicle replacement parts from Argentina, and ship them to Iraq for a payoff of 900K from the US military. When things go south, Joey soon realizes he's bit off a little more of his conscience than he's willing chew on. You might say he finds the cost of Iraqi freedom.<br /><br />As Franzen's tale moves forward, things just seem to get worse. He brings his characters to the brink, has them questioning their convictions, reconciling their guilt and their resentment. Of course none of it comes without paying a heavy price all around; As is said of Walter's immigrant grandfather, Einar, when, in an \\"extremely poor driving decision\\" caused by road rage, he kills himself and his wife: \\"The personality susceptible to the dream of limitless freedom is the personality also prone, should the dream ever sour, to misanthropy and rage.\\" Again, freedom isn't cheap, but what we do come to realize by the book's end is: if we don't allow the bitterness and depression in, if we can accept what we have and find happiness, it's most definitely worth the price.<br /><br />Though, at first blush, it may seem like the familial story of the Berglunds hasn't anything to do with Mr. Franzen's grandiose title, what we soon come to realize throughout the course of this 600 page tome is that the Berglund's story is every American's story; it's about how we use our basic rights we've been born to. It's about our responsibility to our children, our neighbors, our country, and not least of all, our responsibility to uphold our freedom. I can say the author, through no small amount of literary skill, crafts his characters seamlessly, making it seem as though we've known these people our whole lives, but the truth is, we have.<br /><br />~ Book Jones~ 4.5 starse of  complicated emotions; another follows Walter and his assistant Lalitha as they, in a desperate attempt to save the cerulean warbler project,  petition Richard for aid in public relations; still another shadows the Berglunds' son, Joey, as he leaves his pining teenage girlfriend, Connie, in Minnesota, for college in Virginia. Joey spends much of his holiday time in New York, apartment sitting for his newly found aunt Abigail, an actress who is estranged from his mother. He invites Connie to the big city and things get a little too serious. In the midst of all this, he's able to procure a job - or really more of an opportunity than a job - thanks to his dad, with the LBI offshoot military defense contractor; RISEN (Restore Iraqi Secular Enterprise Now). Joey must, as a subcontractor, raise 300K to invest in armored vehicle replacement parts from Argentina, and ship them to Iraq for a payoff of 900K from the US military. When things go south, Joey soon realizes he's bit off a little more of his conscience than he's willing chew on. You might say he finds the cost of Iraqi freedom.      As Franzen's tale moves forward, things just seem to get worse. He brings his characters to the brink, has them questioning their convictions, reconciling their guilt and their resentment. Of course none of it comes without paying a heavy price all around; As is said of Walter's immigrant grandfather, Einar, when, in an \\"extremely poor driving decision\\" caused by road rage, he kills himself and his wife: \\"The personality susceptible to the dream of limitless freedom is the personality also prone, should the dream ever sour, to misanthropy and rage.\\" Again, freedom isn't cheap, but what we do come to realize by the book's end is: if we don't allow the bitterness and depression in, if we can accept what we have and find happiness, it's most definitely worth the price.      Though, at first blush, it may seem like the familial story of the Berglunds hasn't anything to do with Mr. Franzen's grandiose title, what we soon come to realize throughout the course of this 600 page tome is that the Berglund's story is every American's story; it's about how we use our basic rights we've been born to. It's about our responsibility to our children, our neighbors, our country, and not least of all, our responsibility to uphold our freedom. I can say the author, through no small amount of literary skill, crafts his characters seamlessly, making it seem as though we've known these people our whole lives, but the truth is, we have.      ~ Book Jones~ 4.5 stars
0143145088|5.0|This was a great audio book and must read for managers.  I highly recommend it.
B002KH4KSY|3.0|The original \\"Children of the Corn\\" was well-done and very scary, but this remake was not nearly as good as the original.  The story line between the two movies remains pretty much the same; Vietnam vet Burt and his princess wife Vicki are headed to California for a second honeymoon.  After driving for many miles on I-80, Burt decides to pull off the interstate and continue on some back roads.  Their journey soon leads them to Gatlin, Nebraska.  While driving, the couple finds it very strange that there are no other cars or people around.  In the midst of arguing with Vicki, a small boy runs into the road and is struck by Burt.      Unsure of what to do next, they place the boy's body in the trunk of their car and head off to find the police.  However, there's no one in Gatlin: except for the children.  The children are lead by child preacher Issac and his teen enforcer Malachai.  Isaac has brainwashed the children into believing they are to follow the one known as He Who Walks Behind the Rows.  All of the adults in the town have been killed, and now Burt and Vicki have become their next targets of sacrifice.  Will Vicki and Burt make it out alive, or will the children succeed in making them human sacrifices?    This movie isn't very scary at all.  There is very little suspense, and most of what the viewer gets is scene after scene of Burt and Vicki arguing with each other.  The dialogue is lame, and the flashbacks of Burt fighting in Vietnam are a little far-fetched.    I recommend the original \\"Children of the Corn\\" over this remake.  The original is much scarier than this one.
B003ZW0MS0|5.0|This triumphant album opens with the song \\"74 Years Young.\\"  The song begins quietly as Buddy looks back at his life.  But when he hits the bridge he lays down a savage guitar solo that: a) owes as much to Link Wray as it does to the blues and b) displays what 74 years young really means.  This song is followed by another autobiographical song where he tells the story of his early life in Louisiana where, as a child, he taught himself to play a two-string guitar.  Again, a blistering lead is the musical centerpiece.  Track three, \\"On The Road\\" is a more \\"conventional\\" blues work-up, horns and all.  Another fantastic track, where, after the fade at the end, one can hear a band-member saying \\"Yeah\\" in appreciation.  Track four is the duet with B.B. King.  It's pure magic.  And the coda, where Buddy and B.B. speak to one another, is just about as moving a moment as one can find in recorded music.  In the duet with Carlos Santana, Buddy shows he can do Latin rhythms side-by-side with the master.  And so it goes for an hour or so, one great track after another.      Frankly, I can find possibly only one track, \\"Too Soon\\" that might be just a tad too tame or formulaic.  But this is followed by the terrific final fours songs on the album, which include \\"Let The Door Hit Ya\\" and \\"Guess What\\" (both with Buddy in full sexual swagger).  So one possibly formulaic song in an hour's worth of new music is a something I will take any day of the week.    An argument could be mounted that this is Buddy's career defining album.  At 74, his skills are still intact and he remains a consummate songwriter, with something new to offer, both in his lyrics and certainly in his music.**  It is kind of a wonder that people like Buddy, and the lesser know and somewhat older Hubert Sumlin, can still excite you with high level performances.    The production, at least on the vinyl pressing, is outstanding.  I don't know if, or how much, compression will appear on the CD, but this is an album thatwas clearly recorded pretty much live in the studio, with probably few, if any, overdubs; so the sound is organic and real.  Consequently, it benefits from being heard in the analog domain of vinyl.  Plus, the vinyl may end up being some sort of collector's item as all the music appears on the first three sides leaving the fourth side blank so it can be devoted to a really cool etching in the vinyl of a portion of the guitar on the back of the LP cover.  My only complaint about the vinyl release is there are no liner notes to show songwriting credits, song personnel, etc.  But, at this price, for a double LP which is a very quiet pressing, this is a very small complaint.     The pre-release rumors here in Chicago were: \\"You got to hear this one when it comes out.\\"  Boy, were the rumors right!    **  10/24/10  At the time I wrote this review, as indicated above, I was without songwriting credit.  Now that I have learned the songwriting credits, this sentence requires modification.  Buddy shares songwriting credit on five of the twelve tracks on this album with drummer/producer, Tom Hambridge.  On six of the seven the remaining tracks, Hambridge shares songwriting credit with either Gary Nicholson or Richard Fleming (Who also receives songwriting credit on two of the Guy/Hambridge compositions.).  One song is credited to Hambridge alone.
B0018QCXFK|4.0|Entertaining. My granddaughter (age, almost 3 years) loves it and wants to see it over and over again.
0316098337|5.0|This book is written in the voice of Jack, a five-year-old boy who has spent his entire life locked in Room with Ma.  As with all books written in a different narrative voice, it took a little while for me to get into the flow and start reading with Jack's voice, but once I did, the reading took a life of it's own.<br /><br />The idea of this book germinated in the author's mind as she read about the notorious Fritzl case in Austria - a case where a father kept his daughter locked up for 24 years in the basement of his house, resulting in the birth of seven children, three of whom never ever left the basement room.<br /><br />According to the author:<br /><br />\\"To say Room is based on the Fritzl case is too strong,\\" she says firmly. \\"I'd say it was triggered by it. The newspaper reports of Felix Fritzl [Elisabeth's son], aged five, emerging into a world he didn't know about, put the idea into my head. That notion of the wide-eyed child emerging into the world like a Martian coming to Earth: it seized me.\\"<br /><br />We read about Jack  - how Ma makes certain that gets his exercise by running laps around the table; how she limits his television viewing and reads to him from the few books that are in Room with them.  Ma tells him that the \\"planets\\" on TV aren't real. They adhere to a strict schedule and a strict food ration as Ma establishes a routine for Jack.  Every day or so they play \\"Scream\\" - Ma screams as loud as she can into Skylight while Jack clashes pan lids together as loud as he can.  Sometimes at night, Jack has to go into Wardrobe when Old Nick visits.  Ma tells him never to come out when Old Nick is there.  Sometimes Ma \\"disappears\\" and won't get up from bed to talk and play with Jack.  As one of Ma's teeth fall out, Jack adopts Tooth and keeps it near to him like a friend.  One night, Ma makes Old Nick mad, and the next day, there is no electricity.  As the days go by, the refrigerated food goes bad, Room is cold cold and the food in the cabinets is running out.  Ma tells Jack that she used to live Outside, that most of the pictures on TV ARE real, and she begins to formulate an escape plan.<br /><br />I almost never review a book right away, because sometimes I have to think on it a bit.  Room was a look into a life that not one of us would ever want to live.  This story being told from the point of view of a youngster that had never known anything beyond Room was masterful.  You, the reader, are drawn into this dark world as an outsider who knows what the real world is like, and you just want to grab this little boy up, hug him, and make all of the bad that he takes as a normal part of life go away.  You feel Jack's confusion as Ma tells him that the things she's told him all of his life are not all true.  There is suspense (loads, and I can't really tell you about it without spoilers), and days after you put it down, you'll still be thinking about it .. turning the story over in your head and wanting to re-read it to catch the nuances you may have missed the first time around.  The author takes you into this little one's mind in such a way that when you put the book down, you're still thinking like Jack.<br /><br />This one deserves the hype.  Read it and wait .. it'll hit you.<br /><br />QUOTES:<br /><br />I'd love to watch TV all the time, but it rots our brains.  Before I came down from Heaven Ma left it on all day long and got turned into a zombie that's like a ghost but walks thump thump. So now she always switches off after one show, then the cells multiply again in the day and we can watch another show after dinner and grow more brains in our sleep.<br /><br />Before I didn't even know to be mad that we can't open Door, my head was too small to have Outside in it.  When I was a little kid I thought like a little kid, but now I'm five I know everything.<br /><br />She took the bad medicine, I think she was too tired to play anymore, she was in a hurry to get to Heaven so she didn't wait, why she didn'twait for me?<br /><br />(I received a complimentary ARC from the publisher to facilitate my review)te my review)
B001D6OKJ2|5.0|Total class in Jazz.  shame that Scott LaFaro passed away too soon.  He had a great tone and it's enjoyable here.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I really enjoyed this whole series. The plot is original and very creative. Very developed characters. However I would like to ask about the name choice. But other than that, this book, the whole series, are excelent reads.
B000FCKC4C|5.0|What a Beautiful and Wonderful Tale of Wisdom and Adventure! ... I absolutely LOVE this book. It's a masterpiece of spiritual literature. It reminded me of The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran, the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam, and the writings of Carlos Castaneda all rolled-up in one.<br /><br />It is the kind of book that you read with total pleasure, savoring every word like the way you might savor the special kiss of a cherished lover. It is an adventure tale, but not \\"a children's book.\\" It is a book of wisdom, but not new age. It is a book of spirituality, but not one that espouses the virtues of any one particular faith. It is a book of a magical journey and a sacred quest that transcends linear, time-space continuum expectations, and pierces directly into the heart of the reader, illuminating the reader's mind along the way.<br /><br />Look here from page 120: \\"When a person really desires something, all the universe conspires to help that person to realise his dream,\\" said the alchemist, echoing the words of the old king. The boy understood. Another person was there to help him toward his destiny.\\" ... I know this to be true from personal experience. It echoes something I once read in The Whole Earth Catalog / CoEvolution Quarterly years ago - long before this book was ever written.<br /><br />If you read this book, one day, you will want to read it again - out loud - to a special loved one in your life: a child, a close friend, a lover. ... They will be totally enchanted by this treasure tale of magical wisdom as it emanates out of you with the sound of your voice. ... Don't miss the magic! ... YOWZA! - George Koumantzelis / The Aeolian Kid
B00000G3PA|1.0|I wanted to like this film. The special effects folks did their job well. But the script had less substance than a weekly action strip written for 10 year old boys in a Sunday paper. The dialog was a parade of pretentious Hollywood action film cliches. I went from wanting to like this film to rooting for the Astroid, hoping it would vaporize the building where this script was brainstormed by the \\"writers\\", and then skips to the director and producers' homes - with their families gone of course - on some vacation. The dialog got so tiring I almost muted the rest of the film so I could at least appreciate the special effects. What a waste of something I suspect was a decent story until the movie folks got their hands on it before production. I would find it hard to believe the original story wasn't shredded apart by rewriting pin heads. The film was so awful I actually had to throw in my 10 cents, and made a mental note to avoid the director's work in the future. Unless, of course, I was a 10 year old boy again. I hope this fellow grows as a writer who develops a sense of reality regarding how people really talk to each other. Having a film with a script like this validates the perception of how patronizing, pandering, and out of touch Hollywood really is. I have only done this once or twice in 52 years, but if I had paid money at a theatre to see this instead of renting it, I would have asked for my money back.
B003YOXIVW|5.0|Considering this was the first album of his that i bought when i was stupid teenager, and also consider it was a used cassette tape from a thrift store... and consider again that i had been listening to that same cassette tape for the last ten or eleven years, praying to God each time that the various players wouldnt chew it up and refuse to spit it out!..... you will hear absolutely no complaints out of me as to the sound quality of this album!<br />But its good to know that the stereo system we have will do it justice ;)<br /><br />In spite of that, this album is near and dear to me anyway. even if i only had the choice to buy yet another handmedown cassette.... the track \\"Dont Give Up\\" holds a personal meaning that i wasnt really expecting i needed at the time when i bought this album. and of course the rest of my life fell into place as a result of \\"Big Time\\" ....<br />well worth the money then AND now for the trips down memory lane :)<br />....and yes i still have my cassette, and while it still works and sounds great ... i'm tired of stressing over it getting eaten!
B003DZX3US|5.0|The music, the story, the actors.... all are top-notch.  It got nominated - but no award! (Although it did get a Golden Globe Award.)    I've only seen the DVD part since I don't have a blu-ray player, but they even upgraded *that* to top-quality sound and colors, as well as added a previously deleted song! This and other combos should be on your wish list as blu-ray is the next step in video evolution!    ...Also, from the reviews, I see I wasn't the only one who shed tears while watching.  ;)
6305428042|5.0|Movie was never had never been opened so therefore it was in great shape. Delivered on time, THANKS
0316069485|2.0|This book has all the elements going for it.. two characters who we have loved from past books, Mickey Haller and Harry Bosch, working on the same side. But there is no suspense, no zing, no real surprises. I'm sorry I bought it new. I didn't hate it... but I'd feel better if I had gotten it from the library. And what's with the ending? It just seems to chop off. If Connelly is setting us up for a sequel I hope he puts a lot more thought and care into it.
B002QBS9KE|5.0|What else to say, they just work.  They were inexpensive and gave new life to my Voyager Pro.    Also easy to change once you understand how they are on there.    If you need the instructions, just go to Plantronics website and get the user manual, they explain how to twist and remove it.
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|Product was received quickly and in excellent shape as described.  I would recommend buying product through here.
0817439390|5.0|This third edition of \\"Understanding Exposure\\" by Bryan Peterson is brilliant! In the first 30 pages, I've gotten more information on how to use my camera settings to take creative photographs than the dozens of books I've read, or all the courses and seminars I've taken.  And all for less than $20!<br /><br />Some reviews have suggested that this book is only for the very basic beginner.  I beg to differ.  I have been counseled by and shadowed many professionals who've been in the industry a number of years, (never mind all the money spent on books, videos, seminars, clinics and courses).  After spending any time with the pros, I was always certain that the only way to get the best photos was to get a bigger bank account to be able to purchase the best, most up-to-date gadgets, special lights, expensive strobes (in multiples), and super expensive/fancy lenses. Oh... let's not forget the assistants that you'll also have to hire to hold some of the gadgets.  And yet, most of their photos looked so homogenized and truly a product of all the photographic \\"stuff\\" rather than the camera.  I kept thinking that maybe I was just not getting it.  I was almost convinced that obviously, all the creative photos are just good quality, basic photos which have been processed, and re-processed in one or more editing software programs such as Photoshop (another one of the \\"must have\\" gadgets).  NO!!  Bryan Peterson explains how to really use the camera to get that creative shot.  After all, capturing a photo, is really nothing more than capturing and manipulating light.  He makes it simple enough for the beginner to understand, and yet, without being condescending, can teach (or remind) the pros of the all-too-frequently overlooked simplicity of how to use only the camera, considering ISO, aperture and shutter speed to work in harmony to get a 'one of a kind' photo.<br /><br />One of the statements I have heard all too often from professional photographers is that the on-camera flash is useless.  Interestingly, I have found it to be a godsend in many photographic situations, and then get accalades from the same professionals about the quality of the lighting.  Hmmm...  Anyway, Bryan Peterson shares information on what I've already discovered; the on-camera flash is another great tool that already comes with your camera.<br /><br />I will, in all fairness, confess that I have a DSLR, so I can't deny or confirm the book's subtitle of \\"how to shoot great photographs with any camera\\" and how it relates to the 'point and shoot' cameras.
1423113381|5.0|This book is great for readers around the ages of 9 through 15.There are some tricky words if you are under 10.It is one of the best books I have ever read and I have read The Gaurdian's of Gahoole, Harry Potter,Percy Jackson and Warriors. It is about three hundred pages and the words are about a half of a centimeter. This book is just like Percy Jackson only it is based on Egpytion myths. I can't wait till the next one comes out. Cam
076790382X|4.0|I originally bought this book because it was required reading for a class I was taking. We were assigned only the first 17 or so stories and I decided to finish it on my own because it was an enjoyable read overall. Yes, he does have some passages that are more whiny than others, but overall the book has a nice to tone to it. If you're not one to laugh at yourself, you may not enjoy it, but if you enjoy finding humor in simple, everyday situations you often find yourself in then I suggest reading this.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|I will keep this really short.  This movie has great visuals and a very intersting, thought provoking story line.  I really enjoyed it and highly recommend it.  It was great in 3D but is also a great movie on the small screen in 2D.
B0045EDRQG|5.0|This is a powerful record that wears its many influences on its paisley sleeve -- most of them from the '60s and all of them English. What keeps this record from slipping into mere mimicry is the way the group cherrypicks the choicest attributes from the bands they love and re-packages them as a perfect, crystalline example of their ideal sound. Of course, comparisons tend to marginalize the music created here, but they sound like they've listened to a lot of Traffic. They also bring the heaviness of Cream's best work and, therefore, I am tempted to suggest that this sounds like what Blind Faith could have been: A lumbering, yet intricate beast that sounds just as comfortable plucking folk melodies as growling out monster riffs, while flutes and other flourishes float in and out over the top. Beyond the style, there is serious substance: this is just a solid set of songs. Look out for Wolf People, once this band gets going, they may be unstoppable.
B002ZG98XW|4.0|I know how movies like this are supposed to work, and this time, it doesn't bother me one bit. \\"Secretariat,\\" in the tradition of recent films like \\"The Blind Side,\\" \\"Invictus,\\" and \\"The Longshots,\\" adapts a true story into a reliable but successful inspirational sports drama. I admit that I knew nothing of the real Secretariat before seeing ads for the film, and I still know nothing about horseracing. However, I do know a good movie when I see one (although many have suggested otherwise). \\"Secretariat\\" is, indeed, a good movie, full of excitement and hope, brimming with enthusiasm, steadfast in its declaration that good things can happen as long as we have faith in ourselves and the people around us. Perhaps this is a bit idealistic, but since when has that been a bad thing? Sometimes, we actively seek movies like this, movies that can reinvigorate the idealist in us all.    Secretariat, for those of you who don't know, was an American thoroughbred racehorse who in 1973 made history by becoming the first U.S. Triple Crown winner in twenty-five years. He also set new race records by completing the Kentucky Derby in 1:59 and the Belmont Stakes in 2:24 - records that, to this day, have not been broken. The film, suggested by William Nack's book \\"Secretariat: The Making of a Champion,\\" does a wonderful job not only of depicting both races, but also of dramatizing the struggle to make his achievements possible. At the center of this struggle was housewife and mother Penney Chenery, who in the late 1960s took control of her ill father's horse breeding ranch in Virginia, which was suffering financially. It was there that Secretariat was born in the spring of 1969.    Chenery is portrayed in the film by Diane Lane as a determined, intelligent woman who trusts her instincts so deeply, it's almost as if the word \\"doubt\\" has absolutely no meaning. After refusing to sell her father's farm, much to the chagrin of her faithless brother (Dylan Baker), she participates in a coin toss with millionaire Ogden Phipps (James Cromwell), which would determine who would have first choice over the farm's two pregnant mares; technically speaking, she loses, although she's left with the mare she wanted, so in fact, she wins. No one other than her believed her mare would give birth to a quality racehorse, considering the parentage. When the colt is born, however, it's obvious that there's something special about him - he stands and begins walking faster than anyone working for the farm had ever seen.    The film does a good job conveying the sheer magnetism of Secretariat. Physically, he looks no different from any other horse. And yet, when the camera goes in for a close up of his face, his eyes gleam with passion and energy. Everyone around him senses it, including his groom, Eddie Sweat (Nelsan Ellis), who in real life spent more time with Secretariat than with any other human being. In due time, Chenery is able to convince a retired trainer named Lucien Laurin (John Malkovich) to give up spending the rest of his days playing golf; he too sees something special in Secretariat. Laurin is an eccentric man - moody and demanding, with a wardrobe that suggests he may have gone colorblind at some point in his life.    What the film never adequately addresses is Chenery's balancing act between her farm life and her relationship with her family. According to what we're shown, she essentially abandons her husband, a lawyer named John Tweedy (Dylan Walsh), and her four children, the oldest a teenager named Kate (Amanda Michalka), who in the turmoil of the early 1970s became a liberal activist, in part, I suspect, to rebel against the old fashioned beliefs of her father. While Chenery generally seems to miss her family - she often cries whenever she speaks to them on the phone - it's never made explicitly clear why she found Secretariat and his racing career more worthy of her attention. I would have appreciated a more thorough examination of this aspect of herlife.    Despite this, we find that Kate is actually inspired by her mother's determination, and by the end, she will become her most vocal supporter. Indeed, many scenes with Chenery are no less than inspirational. Some of the best are reserved for pre-race press conferences, where Chenery and her opponent Pancho Martin (Nestor Serrano) trade verbal jabs, his angrier and more direct, hers quieter and more underhanded. There's no need for her to be hostile. She knows Secretariat is a winner. There's a scene later in the film, for example, when she asks to have a moment alone with the horse; when Sweat and Laurin step aside, Chenery and Secretariat face each other without saying anything for a few seconds, after which she quietly but confidently says, \\"Okay then. See you in the morning.\\"    Little moments like this, moments that underscore Chenery's strength of character, are what make \\"Secretariat\\" such a pleasant movie, more so, in my opinion, than the racing sequences. I will not say that this is one of the year's best films, for while it is hugely entertaining, it also does little more than follow a very well established formula. That being said, it follows its formula very well, giving audiences every reason to cheer once the credits start to roll. In addition, the performances are wonderful; I'm fairly certain Diane Lane in particular will be considered for an award or two come springtime. If it worked for Sandra Bullock, it could work for her too.
B003PIUC02|5.0|I have always felt that movies about Rome always fell short of their mark. Throughout history, the Romans have been considered selfish, overindulging, blood thirsty, hedonistic, orgiastic, decadent, excessive, unscrupulous, deceitful, and on and on -- and I suppose many were. But most movies are usually too tame to portray the real Rome. Thankfully, Spartacus Blood and Sand has decided to change this. I must say that this movie is not for the tame at heart. And while it has been criticized for its over the top violence, blood, sex and nudity (and by some standard rightly so), I can't help but believe that this show would not have been as good without it. And even though the series had a very stylized approach in its presentation and photography (i.e. not striving for realism e.g. cartoonish blood, golden arenas), I thought it brought me closer to the real Rome.<br /><br />Pretty much all of the reviews I have read at the Blu-ray review sites are the same-- pointing out the excessive blood and nudity but generally giving praise to the story and actors. The series starts out questionably but each show draws the viewer in deeper and deeper. I like the unexpected turns the story took as the show moved through the series. The actors played their roles well. My favorite characters were Batiatus and Lucretia. What likable villains! Andy Whitfield played his role convincingly well.<br /><br />There's the inevitable comparison to 300 and Gladiator. Yes, there's some stylistic resemblance to 300 but I quickly dismissed it because of the larger and very intriguing plot, exciting arena/action scenes, and better dialogue of SB&S. As to Gladiator, I always felt that G.'s appeal resided with Russell Crowe (who is such a great actor), the beginning open battle sequence and the arena scenes. But in between, the story seemed more like filler to get to the next action scene. I tired of the whiny villain Commodus. Besides, the story was very depressing. As much as I enjoy Ridley Scott movies (especially the director's cut of Kingdom of Heaven), I'll take Spartacus Blood and Sand over Gladiator. SB&S was more involving and worked well enough to engage me for over 11 hours, and wanting more.ly the director's cut of Kingdom of Heaven), I'll take Spartacus Blood and Sand over Gladiator. SB&S was more involving and worked well enough to engage me for over 11 hours, and wanting more.
1449389627|5.0|[[ASIN:1449389627 The Myths of Innovation]]    The newly issued paperback edition is even better than the original edition--with 4 new chapters.    I had the opportunity to interview Scott Berkun about The Myths of Innovation on February 28, 2008. His book is on my must re-read list because it was inspiring during the first read, and now I can do so with enriched content.    Vern Burkhardt, Author for IdeaConnection
0345509617|5.0|The making of The Empire Strike Back book is a great book on the making of The Empire Strikes Back. It has lots of photos , storys etc in the book. A great book and J.W. Rinzler again has written another good star wars book here.
1589795474|5.0|It's been awhile since I've read this book but it made a lasting impression on me.  I'm sure I'm butchering this quote from memory but one of my favorite parts is when the authors meet with several millionaires and are shocked to see how they look and act.  One of the millionaires invited to a luncheon overlooks the fancy imported beverages and the author asks why, he says something to the effect \\"I only drink two types of beer: Bud and free.\\"<br /><br />The book's author objectively studies what most percieve wealthy people to be, what wealthy people are, for the most part, actually like and the dichotomy between the two.  Most people think wealthy people drive luxury cars and live a lavish lifestyle, but the book goes to show 87% of people who drive luxury cars are not wealthy.  They define the extemely wealthy who can easily afford to live the Paris Hilton lifestyle (though I'm not sure how good she has it now) as the glittering rich, and this is the sort of thing that is commonly shown on tv...where many of us get our ideas of what millionaires look like.  Most millionaires are average Joes and Joesephines that are just careful with their money.<br /><br />Long story short, and this may be upsetting to some, but wasting your money on dumb stuff is not the sign of a wealthy person.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Why Spartacus is certainly not for everyone, it is a great show and well worth viewing.
B003XUKVXK|5.0|This is one of the best live electric blues albums to come out in a very long while.  Kenny plays with incredible energy for almost the whole album.  It is clear from the recordings that he has a level of confidence that only comes with years of touring and playing.   From high-powered Texas blues to laid-back classics, every song on this album features great vocals, incredible energy and of course great blues-based guitar work that is at once percussive and vocal.  You can no longer make the SRV comparisons with Kenny.  Although you can certainly mention them in the same sentence, Kenny has found his own voice and this album is a testament to that.    This album belongs in the same category as Clapton's Live in the Seventies, BB King's Live at the Regal and Stevie's Live at Carnegie Hall.  Its that good...
B000O8OTNC|1.0|It made my sharp knife dull. I had a SOG flash I that was almost out of the box sharp. When I tried to touch it up with this thing the only thing that happened was that my knife got so dull that I could hardly even cut a peice of paper. Tried it on my Victorinox Swiss Army knife and it got it reasonably sharp... but nothing impressive. Tried it again on my Spyderco Grasshopper and like the SOG it got so dull it could hardly cut a piece of paper. Luckily that knife had 8Cr13Mov steel which was easy to resharpen using a stone. The same cannot be said for my SOG. The knife appears to be ruined. I have tried sharpening it with a stone and sandpaper for hours and it appears that the knife will need to be reprofiled. Buy this for your Swiss Army Knife. Don't even dare try it on anything else.
1416955070|5.0|Incredible. Just...incredible! I loved this book- and the books that follow- more than I can put into words. It's the only thing that kept me on the edge of my seat as much (if not more) than the Harry Potter and Twilight series.  This is just...magic. Love it!
0345505387|3.0|For those people who want all of the Outlander series, The Exile is a must. The book starts with Jamie arriving from France and ends with Jamie and Claire going to Lallybrock after Claire makes her decision about going back through the stones.    The story is excellent. The renditions of the men are mostly fine. Not so for the women. The wide-eyed, pixie-faced women just don't do it for me. Jamie's face early on is just fine. Later faces are quite snub-nosed. Geillie's hair changes color as the story goes alone. Could the book have been too rushed to print and not enough proofing done?    In the story we learn of Geillie's evil plans in a sub-plot that interleaves nicely into the original Outlander. She has a partner in crime that didn't appear in the original, and Murtagh saves Jamie's life.
B001MYIXAW|5.0|Well done. This film is akin to the emotional realism of Interview With The Vampire, portraying Vampires as flawed, emotionally damaged, lonely, tragic creatures that rely on the blood of human beings for sustenance.
B002N1AEN2|4.0|Fantastic album - never heard of this band until mercury awards - but songs are really relaxing and atmospheric - a good cd to listen to at the end of the day with a glass of wine!
B000VWE5OY|3.0|My problem with Torchwood is that its team members, as a group of persons who should have been carefully selected to be 'above  the law, outside the government' are completely unbelievable. In fact, the show is almost entirely dedicated to exploring the group members' misuse and abuse of their positions. And in so doing, it is quite compelling. The 'They keep killing Suzie' explores just how deeply a team member abused her position; it may be the best episode of the season. The episodes that don't focus on team misbehavior, e.g., the 'aliens need sex' and 'countrycide' episodes, are among the weakest. The characters of Torchwood make the characters of Primeval look like hard core professionals in comparison.
B003NWS5AO|5.0|Robert Plant is back and on top of his game.  I love this CD.  It is every bit as good as Raising Sand.
0374532281|5.0|The protagonist is a mentally ill man prone to violence who is stalked by a potty-mouthed, mentally ill woman. Amazingly, the author managed to make me love both characters and root for a happy romance between them.<br /><br />I especially liked the use of the Philadelphia setting, the fact that even the secondary characters were well developed, the very flawed yet endearing main character, and the perfect ending. I also love the protagonist's motto that it's better to be kind than right.
B003IPC5SO|5.0|I thought Kylie was finished with music and couldn't produce an A class CD.  Boy was I wrong.  I watched her sing one of her songs from this CD on American Idol this past spring.  I couldn't believe my ears or eyes.  She looks stunning and is every bit the female singer I remember from the 80s and 90s.
B00005JKJA|1.0|It seems like a lot of people think that if something is different then it must be good. While different often is good, this movie's a great example of that not always being the case. You shouldn't have to watch a movie more than once to understand it. For those saying, you have to see it again to appreciate it. No thanks. I wasted enough time the first time. I only wish there were a way to rate this movie a zero or at least a half star.
B0045IZW9W|5.0|When i first heard 'enter the ninja', i was like 'WTF!@#$...?' but then i got to admit, they are quite good. Check out their music videos on youtube.. they are one of a kind - bizarre, strange, exceptional and incredible.
B002QBS9KE|5.0|these eartips are good. I lost mine so these guys sent me three more. shipping was ok. price was right.
B002N1AEMS|5.0|This is one of the best debuts to come out for years. Simple, beautiful music and great duets. To vinyl is also very well packaged and features bonus material.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|I love how Sheldon gets on everyone's nerves with his superior attitude!  Leonard, Penny and the rest of the guys are just so funny I laugh so hard it hurts. This series is a great stress releaver for me as pure fantasy can be.  The characters are lovable and the time goes by so fast. The nerdiness reminds me of my brothers during their Star Trek phase. All around this will give you a wonderful time!
0316098337|3.0|Was I the only one confused by the setting of this book? I haven't seen this mentioned in any of the other reviews. In the first section I thought this book was taking place in America (even though some of the words used were a bit odd, I figured it was because a 5-year-old was narrating) but then, after the escape I got so confused. The characters were using typical British English words (like lad or wee bit) and some of the situations seemed so implausible to be set in America (i.e. the reporter and her completely insensitive questions/checking into a clinic right away instead of being reunited with family). Even the food that Grandma and Steppa were serving was weird (a raw egg added on top of the food...huh?) It was annoying me so I checked the author's information and discovered she was British. Okay, I thought, now it makes more sense. This takes place in England. But then the boy finds a penny under the stairs and I got confused again. The final straw came when the boy was told to give two quarters to the homeless person. What the heck? This does take place in America? I am so confused. I understand that where it takes place is not the focus of the book but the glaring inconsistencies definitely took away from my reading enjoyment.
B00275EGWY|3.0|What this movie gets wrong, it gets very very wrong.  Others have touched pretty extensively on that, wrong uniforms, improper gear, stupid tactics, etc.  They are all wrong and wrong in all the worst ways and I really don't feel a need to harp on them or re-visit those issues.    What this movie gets right, it gets very very right.    After I returned from Iraq (08-09) I had a hard time watching this movie.  A real hard time, because it would trigger memories, scenes looked like they were ripped right out of the snap shots I took while patrolling the streets of Baqubah.  There were times when I swore I could smell the stink that of that place as I watched the movie.  The sun, the sand, the trash all conspired to bring me back.  Fortunately, you can always hit the stop button on the DVD player and walk away, which I did several times before I was able to watch this movie all the way through.    It wasn't just the scenery.  It was the attitudes, and perhaps as an Army Reservist I have a bit of a different perspective than those who were on active duty and who came home.  But the product description gets it right too, War is a Drug.  I never felt more alive than I did when I was over there.  My life meant something.  I was doing something that mattered.  It was a high stakes game of life or death, the ultimate struggle between people, me and those who wished to do me harm.    To come home from that, to have to turn that mindset off was hard.  One of the most powerful scenes in the movie for me, was as he's standing there in the supermarket, standing there bewilderment and disbelief written on his face as he surveyed the rows of brightly colored boxes.  I relate to that moment more than any other moment in the movie.  That is what it gets right.    But as for the rest of it, yeah, pretty much complete and utter crap.
B003Z9Q5QG|5.0|Imelda's raw energy and great vocals set to top drawer compositions makes this one great album.Its really quite hard to pigeonhole Imelda's musical style, the best attempt I can come up with is that it is an eclectic mix of 50's genres with a hefty dollup of rockabilly doghouse bass.     My only critisim I can think of, is that I felt a few of the tracks ( Mayhem and Psycho come to mind ) could be best described as pop rockabilly, which probably helped in giving her music the broad appeal that put it right into number one in the Irish charts, though I can forgive this as, like the Stray cats in the 80's it has introduced a whole new generation to a fine and alternative genre of music you just dont hear on the radio these days.     All in all here is an artist that can deservedly be counted among female Rockabilly legends such as Wanda Jackson and Janis Martin. Ireland, be very proud of this girl.
B00030DEQE|5.0|The embedded NIC failed on an older box. This card just popped in and with Linux UBUNTU I could use it immediately.  No driver needed to be installed.
0393072231|5.0|Always a pleasure to read his Bloomberg pieces and his various other articles. Loved his latest piece in Vanity Fair - Beware of Greeks Bearing Bonds.    Having some understanding of CDOs and the recent financial crisis definitely makes this book more enjoyable to read. Lewis does a great job fleshing out the characters and their motivations for the trades they put on.    Got to say that after reading this book I am a lot more bearish on the US economy and by extension the global economy. It confounds me how someone like John Paulson who was so prescient, betting on the collapse of the US housing market, can so quickly turn bullish on the economy in 2010. In my opinion the reasons for these great short calls still exist.
0439023513|4.0|Mockingjay was my favorite book of the series, which surprises me since I tend to like the first book the best.  While I tried to avoid all reviews of Mockingjay so the ending wouldn't be spoiled, I did hear that this book was sad.  And so in my head I immediately knew the ending.  And the whole time I was reading the book, I kept waiting for it to happen.  But I was so wrong.  Without saying why, I didn't think the book was THAT sad.  I mean, it was, but really the whole series is kind of sad.  Anyways, the book shocked me which is always nice.       Once again, the book played out beautifully in my head.  The action was written so clearly that it was like a movie playing.         And this time, I could visualize the characters.  But I have to admit that its because I cheated.  I heard that The Hunger Games was going to be made into a movie so I googled who many people would pick to play the characters and I formed an image in my head.  Katniss grew on me in this book.  While she was still tough, I think we got to see a softer side of her too.        And the whole Team Peeta vs. Team Gale situation.  In the first book I was torn, but leaning slightly towards Peeta.  In the second book I was definitely Team Peeta.  And then in this book, I was torn in half again, but when Peeta hands Katniss the can of lamb stew (those of you that have read the series and this book will get it), I decided that Teem Peeta won out.       I can't wait to see The Hunger Games be turned into a movie.  I think it will be a huge hit and I think the books will translate nicely to the screen.  (Although, does anyone know if there is going to be a separate movie for each book, or is the whole series going to be one movie?)
0802473156|5.0|This book is truly an eye opener. I never really thought about the fact that my fiance' may feel love differently from the way I feel it. Learning our love language has brought so much awareness for each other's needs that our love tanks are very full now.  I have already suggested this book to several friends and couples that I know.
B00005WDDA|3.0|This book is certainly not for everyone.  However, for five dollars including shipping, it might be worth purchasing, and furthermore, it is in libraries all across the United States.  Uncredited as such, this book is the editorial work of Irwin Edman a noted American academic and philosopher active in the first half of the twentieth century.  Everything here but the body of the texts reproduced is his work.  The preface and the introduction to each ancient author is written by him and will be of help to those who are not familiar with these writers of antiquity.  Also, interspersed are three chapters of Walter Pater's novel, \\"Marius the Epicurean.\\"  Pater was a famous writer on art, and literature from nineteenth century Britain.  So, wherein lies the value?    I bought this because I needed a decent older translation of Justin Martyr's \\"First Apology\\" for comparative purposes.  Also, included are chapters one to nine of \\"The Dialogue with Trypho\\" and closing the section on Justin is a translation of the \\"Martyrdom of the Holy Martyrs\\" which is a short recounting of the trial and martyrdom of Justin and other Christians at Rome.  It is believed to be of the time and genuine.  Other ancient texts are two dialogues by Lucian of Samosata which are representative of his fine satirical wit, and lastly a complete translation of Marcus Arelius' \\"Meditations.\\"  These are all serviceable translations and very pleasant to read.  However, the three chapters from Walter Pater represent an aesthetic form of a by gone era that many a modern reader may not appreciate.  Pater's three chapters tie the rest of the writings together into a coherent story.  One concerns the triumph celebrated at Rome on Marcus Arelius' return from his war with Parthia, the second an intimate family sketch of Arelius, and closing the book is a eucharistic gathering of Christians.    As arranged by Edman there is a logical flow to the materials within the book.  They sort of form a confection meant to represent the era of Marcus Arelius.  All the characters named in Pater's chapters are the historically correct persons for the fancied occasions.  And, herein lies the problems as well as the greatest additional value that this book may possess.  The sub title of the book is telling, \\"The Transition from Paganism to Christianity.\\"  The years in question are one hundred-fifty to one hundred-seventy CE.  These were the years of the final  parting of the ways between Christianity from Judaism.  And, even to pose the notion that these years were part of a Pagan to Christian transitional process is intellectually anachronistic and just plain wrong.  Therefore, in whole this book tells us more about the intellectual history of the United States circa 1945 than it does about the past.  The Pater recreations are jarringly out of sync with the realities of the Rome that they attempt to describe.  For example, the eucharistic scene is that of a fully mitered bishop in all his pomp and luster which is hardly what one would expect in this era at Rome.    This is an historical fairy tale built around ancient writings.  And, as this fairy tale was brought to us by \\"The Classics Club,\\" one would expect that it represents their notion of history as well as what the public ought to be reading.  I strongly believe that pipe fitters should read ancient authors if they so wish.  However, if this book represents the aesthetic judgments of \\"our betters\\" as to what will tame our barbarian souls, it is very dated.  If this was the ideal of its day, it is no wonder Terry Eagleton wrote \\"The Ideology of the Aesthetic.\\"  I enjoyed the book because it made me think in unexpected ways.  I read the Walter Pater passages and their fifty adjectives for every noun, and they made me cringe. I suggest a library if one wishes to read this book.  However, if you wish to reread the ancient writings herein contained off and on over your lifetime, then by all means this book is a bargain.
B002RV01QI|3.0|I purchased this cd for the single \\"may it be\\" and found myself wondering why I didn't just get the single.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Nolan is a simply a genius. They say that it took him 10 years to write this script and after watching the movie, you will definitely understand why. Although, I have to warn people, this movie isn't for everyone.    If you're not the type that likes to invest themselves in a movie, this is definitely not for you. You literally have to give this movie every ounce of your attention otherwise you will undoubtedly be lost, especially during the final scenes. If you do give it every ounce of your attention the payoff will be totally worth it though.    For me, there are no negatives about this film. In many ways, it's perfect. The pacing, the storyline, the character development, the action sequences...it is all superb. If you're willing to dedicate your attention to it then this movie is a must-see, a must-own, and a must-watch-over-and-over-again.
0439023521|4.0|I dont find The hunger games perfect, but theres one thing I have to congratulate Suzanne Collins collins for. She can keep a reader turning pages from beginning to end. The fact that in every end of a chapter theres a twist that makes want to keep reading is excellent. Besides, the whole story of the book is very original. Being tired of Vampires, Wizards and the like, The hunger games wins in originality.<br /><br />Highy recommended!
0810970686|5.0|my kids love this book -- and i was able to get all three at a very low price.  they are used, but really they look like new.  thanks amazon.
B000002ARV|5.0|This album for some reason is very often mistakenly mischaracterized and criticized as a \\" rock \\" album by pure blues enthusiasts .<br />There really are only a few pure rock songs on here .  The title track , Can't You Feel It and the two Stones covers , Sliver Train and Let It Bleed are really the only rock songs on the album .<br />Ain't Nothing to Me is sort of an acoustic country flavored thing . Cheap Tequila is also an acoustic thing with a little flute in it , the song has a great feel to it . Rock and Roll , the only self penned song on the album , is a great bluesy ( rock tinged ) song with some of the best slide you'll ever hear . ditto with the cover of All Tore Down  - more great slide . The album's opening track Rock Me Baby is a killer cover of BB King's version of the song which is based on Rockin' And Rollin' by Lil' Son Jackson . Interestingly the album gives writing credits  to ( Broonzy/ Crudup )  referring to Big Bill Broonzy's Rockin' Chair Blues and Crudup's Rock Me Mama )neither of which really sound like version on this lp .<br />It's true that this album isn't Progressive Blues Experiment or JDW's  self titled album but it's not an all out rock and roll assault either ..it's pretty much what JDW does on  most of his albums ..he combines blues and rock and turns it into a great listening experience for those of us who don't mind our blues tinged with a little rock and roll ..... great album all around .
0810994739|5.0|thanks amazon.  I paid a good price for this book.  Used, but it really looks new. thanks amazon
B002JVWRAO|5.0|As I re-watched the season on DVD I came to realize that many of my favorite episodes were in this season.  It made me laugh out loud at times, made me cry and always, always made me recommend it to others.  I was doing random quotes on facebook the whole time I was watching it.<br /><br />There's a fabulous flow to it that nicely keeps things moving along, and manages to tie up individual little stories in an episode while ratcheting up the tension until you're finally at the end.<br /><br />The final episode may very well be my favorite of the entire series to this point.<br /><br />My one problem with it?  The other seasons that I purchased had an option to turn off the 'Then' portion of the show - the recap, where they remind you of the stuff that happened before.  I don't need to watch that, I'm watching it straight through, usually a couple shows a night, I just don't need the reminder and this season didn't have that option that I could find.<br /><br />Otherwise, great show, great product, definitely recommended!!
0810983915|5.0|the item was advertised as used, but when i got the item --  it is really like new.  worth the price, this is a good buy.  delivery is prompt also.  thanks.
0143034901|4.0|I just loved this book.  It is really a warm-hearted, touching story about a young boy, coming of age; his father; and a delusional vagrant that they hire to help out in their bookstore.  The adventure begins when the boy reads a book written by a comic book villain.  He and his vagrant friend are off to find this mysterious author.  On the way they stumble into life's ups and downs.<br /><br />If you enjoy true literature (excellent translation and prose), boyhood stories, and mystery, you'll love shadow of the wind.
097747609X|4.0|I am well aware of the horrible reputation of the author and the stigma that many people automatically attach to even a casual reader of this book. I believe that even in such situations, the desire to understand and look at the world from multiple perspectives should overcome these obstacles and persuade the reader to go forward and delve into it.    For my part, I believe that this is a great look into the psychological makeup and personal motivations of one of the most influential figures in modern history. No matter what part of the political spectrum you choose to occupy, you owe it to yourself to read the book and experience this worldview as well, because only then can you hope to have the complete story.     The book starts with autobiographic notes and moves into political and social discussion of the historical events that took place up to 1924. Whether you agree or disagree with the author, he does make powerful and often insightful comments on the problems and issues of a critical formative period with many repercussions to modern economics and politics. Just for that historical value it is worth to read the book.    The particular translation has many typos but they do not prevent the transfer of information. I think they have been preserved by the publishers to remain faithful to the original translation. Some phrases are too long and confusing, but this is a relatively rare problem. The only thing I found hard to get used to in terms of linguistic issues was the quaint and indiscriminate use of commas, in most cases where they do not belong.     Overall, I strongly recommend the book and believe that every political thinker owes it to himself/herself to read it. I would give it 5 stars, but the typos and especially the commas were an unnecessary distraction for me. So, the final score is 4/5
B001E75QH0|5.0|Harrison Ford at his best - love the movies and they're a great value for the price.  Many hours of entertainment!
0345505387|3.0|Liked the story line as a fill in for the original book but did not care for the format or artwork.
1934030198|5.0|This was a great book that I would recommend to everyone! I bought this to help me prep for an IM, but anyone who is training any of the disciples in the book will learn something by reading it. This is the best training book I have read.    The only thing that was not relevant to me was the how to make your own training schedule section because I already had a training plan.     This book is a very fast read and very interesting!
B0043GAZYS|5.0|There are only so many things you can say about how great this movie is. Let's just break it down simple-like:<br /><br />Things that go in your eye holes: Scott Pilgrim VtW was directed by Edgar Wright, a talented bloke who brought us the incredible \\"Spaced,\\" \\"Shaun of the Dead,\\" and \\"Hot Fuzz.\\" For a guy who is known as a comedy director he has an uncanny eye for making action scenes memorable (see Hot Fuzz...now) and is one of the few directors I know that can actually tell a joke WITH the camera. He shares this quality with the writer of Scott Pilgrim, Bryan Lee O'Malley, who also toys with his medium to create a sense of irony and rapid-fire pop-culture references. What makes Scott Pilgrim work is that the movie manages to stay faithful to the source material when it makes sense to the flow of the film, and diverge when it needs to. It feels like a collaboration between Wright and O'Malley (although I don't know if that's even the case) rather than a ham-fisted remake. Character design is top-notch. You wouldn't think costumes and hair would be something a fan would focus on, but, in the Scott Pilgrim universe, function follows form.<br /><br />Things that go in your ears holes: The soundtrack and score are beyond description. The best thing you can do is listen to some samples. Obviously, musical taste is pretty subjective, but the music definitely fits the movie. Even if you don't enjoy the genres represented, I doubt you'll find fault with their integration into the film.<br /><br />Things that go in your brain hole(?): Hilarious and well-acted, Scott Pilgrim will undoubtably become a cult classic. The characters in Scott Pilgrim are definitely archetypical so they could easily become two-dimensional if the actors didn't really embrace their unique personalities. Cera IS Scott Pilgrim. He plays him with the same naive and likeable charm that has served him well in the past, but unleashes his inner badass when it is required. However, Kieran Culkin deserves MVP for nailing the iconic Wallace. Not to take away from the other actors who made their crazy, manic characters into \\"real\\" people for the fans. The only thing I will critize is that the excellent Alison Pill didn't get a lot of screen time as Kim Pine. (deleted scenes, maybe?)<br /><br />If you are a child of the 8-bit era and have a place in your heart for over-the-top kung fu fighting, the bloops and bleep of a Nintendo theme, and the crunchy tunes of garage band alt-rock, then you will LOVE Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.c Wallace. Not to take away from the other actors who made their crazy, manic characters into \\"real\\" people for the fans. The only thing I will critize is that the excellent Alison Pill didn't get a lot of screen time as Kim Pine. (deleted scenes, maybe?)    If you are a child of the 8-bit era and have a place in your heart for over-the-top kung fu fighting, the bloops and bleep of a Nintendo theme, and the crunchy tunes of garage band alt-rock, then you will LOVE Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Subtitles -- the description indicates Spanish and French BUT you also have English through Season 6.
B000009O8A|4.0|I HATE rape scenes of any kind! Whether in classics like A CLOCKWORK ORANGE, DELIVERANCE, PULP FICTION, or IRREVERSIBLE. I can't stand them! So, a movie's got to be good for me to endure such scenes. I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (DAY OF THE WOMAN) is that good. Yes, the rape scenes are nasty and drawn out (all 3 of them!), but they are also necessary as motive for the victim's (Camille Keaton) merciless, methodical revenge. They set up the finale of the movie perfectly. Now, I still despise rape scenes! I'll probably skip them if I watch ISOYG again...
0470876417|5.0|[[ASIN:0470876417 Business Model Generation: A Handbook for Visionaries, Game Changers, and Challengers]]    I've just received this book and I am impressed with both the content and flow of visual presentation.     Great graphic design.  This book not only helps with business plans and models but for a graphic designer is a great example of pragmatic visual presentation - very well done.  Even the extra wide book width adds to the visual readability.      The book reflects the years of work the authors have worked on this presentation - honed with feedback and comments.      One of the first business books that I could not put down upon opening.  That says a lot for me!    I plan on updating this review after finishing - I wanted to share my initial positive reaction - very pleased with it, and I already see some immediate application to my business and products. Love this pragmatic aspect - treat to read/view and yet very useful.
B001FB5634|5.0|Civilization has ended. America (and presumably everywhere else on Earth) is a desolate wasteland. A father (Viggo Mortensen from LOTR, A HISTORY OF VIOLENCE, EASTERN PROMISES) and his young son are heading south toward an unknown future. THE ROAD is not your typical post-apocalyptic adventure. Yes, humanity has been destroyed, food is scarce, and bands of road pirates and cannibals roam free. However, this is more a story of a father's love for his son than a bloody end-of-the-world epic. I found more genuine emotion in this film than in most modern releases. Though tragic, THE ROAD still manages to uplift the soul, even in the face of certain doom. Robert Duvall and Charlize Theron are also quite good in their smaller roles. Well worth repeat viewings...
B002BU0DPE|1.0|I bought this for my son on Sept 4, 2010. He loved the sound quality which enhanced his games. Unfortunately the quality of the actual cord and components are very poor. In one month the cord became frayed exposing the wires and creating static and distorting the sound. No amount of gameplay in one month should have resulted in this defect. Do yourself a favor and buy a different headset.
B0017I1FO4|5.0|Before this album, I mainly knew Shinedown from their singles, \\"45\\" and \\"I Dare You\\", which I liked, but not enough to buy the respective albums.  After hearing and loving \\"Second Chance\\" and \\"Breaking Inside\\" on Pandora, I was surprised to find those songs were by the same band, and I downloaded a couple more songs from the album (\\"Devour\\" and \\"Sound of Madness\\") before giving in and just buying the whole thing.  I did not regret it.    Pros: Pretty much every song on it is excellent; no filler.  Sin with a Grin is the only track I'm not that crazy about.  Excellent hooks and catchy choruses will get these tracks inside your head, guaranteed.  There is a good mix of harder, heavier tracks (Devour, Cyanide Sweet Tooth Suicide) with lighter ones (Second Chance, Call Me), but Shinedown is consistently able to avoid getting bogged down and sludgy, unlike some other hard rock groups that I won't name.  Even the slower tracks have energy and drive behind them.    Cons: I wish the album was longer.  Only 11 tracks at about 3-4 minutes each means it clocks in at less than 45 minutes.  But better short and sweet than full of filler.    I can't recommend this album highly enough, and I will definitely be watching for Shinedown's next album.
0316069485|4.0|I always look forward to spending tine with Harry Bosch.  I also enjoy Mickey Haller.  Somehow when put together when they have to share center stage it is not as satisfying.  The story has some very clever techniques.  I particularly enjoyed the two voices alternating and at times I had to think about who was talking.  Also the trial strategy portion was excellent.  The problem was that the book basically lacked suspense.  I had written previously that a second rate Connelly beats most other best efforts but we can still hope for a first rate effort.
B00003CX9W|5.0|We all like to introduce our children to the better things in life. One of these is culture. And one aspect of culture is good music. This DVD presents some classical music with dramatic non-forgetable cartoon dramas. There is no doubt but once children see this DVD they will be attracted to classical music. And this is good. Additionally, the immaginative manner in which the dramas and music are presented will serve as examples and stimulate children to use their own immagination when they hear music and when they see pictures and when they read.
0439023521|5.0|I knew this would be good, but... oh my good! I have no clue why I was hesitant on reading this at all. I would even go as far as to say that I am ashamed of myself for not reading it the moment I saw it.<br /><br />I loved everything about the book. The characters were amazing, each and every one of them. The story was so intriguing because I feel that this could actually happen in the future with the direction our world is going. The love triangle wasn't very heavy in this book because there was no Gale, but as of yet, I am Team Peeta.<br /><br />You need to get off this page and read this book now! And if you are a fan, we can eagerly await Mockingjay together!
B002ZG98UA|5.0|I saw this at the movie theater in 3D (complete with special 3D glasses they handed out) and felt like I was right in it. Every bullet, star, punch, blast, you name it - went right between my eyes. I sat 4 rows from the front (I couldn't get any closer without not seeing the whole screen) and was completely devoured by every creature. What an experience! Note I saw this at another movie theater that did not have the 3D version and I loved it but much prefer the 3D version. I have to say that if you love Milla Jovovich and Ali Larter - you won't be disappointed. They look super hot and kick some serious butt! The two of them team up to defeat a 12 foot tall executioner dude with a massive ax/hammer. K-Mart makes an appearance at the end but doesn't say a word. No matter - there WILL be a Resident Evil 5; I bet she'll speak in that one. PLEASE NOTE: Don't get up and leave after the credits start - there is another minute of movie to go; and it explains how Resident Evil 5 will start! Go see this while it is still in the theater - You will NOT be disappointed if you are a Resident Evil fan! Bon appetite!
0142000671|4.0|Our class had to read this book as part of the curriculum... and I am so glad we did! This classic deserves the attention it has gotten the past (almost) 100 years! Read this book!<br /><br />Of Mice and Men is about a retarded man named Lennie and the man who travels and protects him, George, and their journey to work on a ranch during the Great Depression.<br /><br />All of the characters in this book were complex and marvelous... even the ones who had less than 5 lines!<br /><br />George- The man who gave up his happiness to help and love Lennie.<br />Lennie- A strong man with the mind of a toddler. He will do anything to make George happy.<br /><br />Curley- He hates Lennie because he is intimidated by men who are bigger than him.<br /><br />Curley's Wife- She flirts with every man on the ranch to make up for the loneliness Curley gives her.<br /><br />This book was written amazingly... obviously, it's a classic! Even though it was written in the early 20th century, it is easy to comprehend if you are at least 12.
0060849827|5.0|I am a train survivalist active duty military. I have undergone seers training, hostage, pow, sniper, woodland survival etc in my time in the military. This manual is great. Its not the end all be all of survival books but its a great small reference guide to have in your emergency kit \\"just in case\\". For someone that doesn't know anything about living off the grid its a great reference guide for campers, hikers whatever.
0439023513|4.0|Perhaps my hopes were too high. Perhaps I had become so attached to the characters that I couldn't stand to see them change so rapidly. Perhaps I didn't like being in such a dark atmosphere, not that these books were ever light. I don't know what the problem was for me, but whatever it was, it made Mockingjay a let down.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, I still loved it to pieces. But I was just expecting so much from this book and, frankly, I didn't get it. Katniss, who was once so strong was so depressing and unstable in this book that it was hard to read a book from her perspective since it put you in such a dark place. Peeta, one of my favorite characters I have ever read, upset me also. So did Gale, who I'm still not sure if I like or not.<br /><br />Though Suzanne Collins is probably one of the most talented writers the world has ever seen, her writing in this book disappointed me. It still had the incredible cliffhangers, and the fantastic society, but there was something missing this time around. Whenever something exciting happened, you never got to see it firsthand. It was always a blackout and you were told what happened later on. I wanted to be right in the action, but instead it was as though I slept through it.<br /><br />You are invited into a whole new world in Mockingjay. It is both similar to the one we got to experience in the previous novels, and so very different. War is all around you, and it is definitely not something that is fun to read. But when is war ever really fun?<br /><br />Another problem I had with this stunning novel was the pacing. It was perfectly paced until the end. Then it was like this: BAM! What just happened? Again, you are in the dark when most of the action is taking place and are told what happened later on. And the changes the characters go through at the end are sort of unbelievable.<br /><br />I really don't know how to say it. This is still one of the best book ever written, but my- and the rest of the world's expectations were so high that when what I wanted wasn't delivered, it upset me. I know this is how it should have played out, however, which is another reason I am so conflicted.<br /><br />I guess all I can say now is please, please read this incredible trilogy, because these books are some of the best on the planet. You are in a startling new world in which you want to live in every second, while wanting to escape at the same time. It saddens me that this will be the last sentence of commentary I get to write on these books, but I will say that they are perfect in every possible way.
B002RWKSII|4.0|I always love the Eagles but this is so special and different. I love it and am glad I bought it. v
142313494X|4.0|This book was... okay. I liked the story and the premise, but I found some things I didn't like as well.<br /><br />I liked the pace of the story and the idea, but felt that it could have been executed better. I still liked it, though.<br /><br />Some problems I found were as follows. I felt that the plot was very repetitive and the same thing happened over and over again, but with slight differences. I also found the characters annoying. They would be good and fun for a ten year old (which the book is basically made for) but the characters are kind of obnoxious and annoying for older audiences, just slightly. The only other problem I found was that some of the words were impossible to pronounce because, of course, they were in Greek.<br /><br />Overall, I would recommend this book, but you will probably want to give it to your child after you are done with it because they will enjoy it much more. I will probably wait until the movie comes out on DVD to see it.
B00000DR5I|5.0|Well lets face it, Tangerine Dream invented this kind of thing with Phaedra, but they did it better on Rubicon. This music sounds like it was organically grown and not played by human beings. Its one the of most stunning works of early electronica/ambient music. Seriously.
0312360258|4.0|Every once in a while, you find a book that grabs you and won't let you go, no matter how hard you try to get away. Marked was one of those books.<br /><br />From the first chapter, I was hooked. It takes off so fast and never lets you down. I found myself zooming through the pages, staying up into the early hours of the day to keep reading. I simply couldn't stop. I used all my free time to squeeze in a page or two whenever I could. In all, I read the whole book in just over a day, which is pretty much unheard of from me.<br /><br />The plot and characters were wonderful. The book was very fast paced and even though not a crazy amount happened in this book, it never slowed down. The whole spin the Casts' put on vampyre lore had me reeling for more whenever I could get it. The characters were all very real and likable. The \\"sidekicks\\" were funny and you wanted to be their friends just as much as you felt hatred for the \\"hags\\".<br /><br />That said, I do have a complaint or two. First of all, I really disliked the side comments Zoey made to herself (because they were annoying and took away from the story hee hee). And I felt that I could totally spot the differences in the two Casts\\" writing.<br /><br />Even with those problems, I found Marked to be a fun, fast paced novel with a little dose of everything I like in a book. I think I am hooked on this series! In fact, I am sitting here as we speak determining if I should just go and read the rest of the series while I have the chance. I think I may have to.
0743496736|4.0|We just finished this book for my book club and oh my gosh,  I thought The Shack was way too intense for me,  this was way worse than that.  The first part of the book just tore me up in and out as a child and as a parent. She sure has a way of getting at people with her writing.  Towards the middle of the book,  it starts to separate from the emotional and is not so intense and by the ending I had lost the intensity.  That was probably a good thing because I had had enough identifying with the characters by then.  But I felt that the ending was weak and lacked the detail of the rest of the book.  It needed more development or something.  All in all,  this is a very talkable book for a book club but  be warned that it might make you wonder about your parenting skills and also might make you remember some not so great things about your own childhood teasing or being bullied.
014241493X|5.0|This has got to be the best realistic fiction book I have ever read. I am racing to the bookstore as we speak to pick up my own copy! Though I am not usually the kind of person who generally adores realistic fiction, but this is one of the best books I have ever read. The whole concept of the book doesn't seem to amazing, but trust me it is. If I had never read this book I would have been missing something significant. I could not put it down, I devoured it! Everyone has a miracle, as so stated in the book, and mine is Paper Towns!<br /><br />The writing in this book was flawless and unique. I loved how the book was in three parts. The ending made my heart race and break. It was not the happy ending my simple mind yearned for, but a much more emotional and significant one.
0345505387|3.0|The Outlander series has been a wonderful adventure....each new book eagerly awaited.  Diana however, seems to need to write about other characters and apparently, in unusual formats.  I so wish she would stick to continuing the story of Clare and Jamie.....at least until the series is completed.  This new graphic novel is a diversion I could have done without...Diana, please get back to the next novel in the series.....the waiting is killing me~
0521673763|5.0|Excellent text for either the novice or experienced physician. Should be required reading in medical school and  psychiatric and family practice residencies. I have attended Dr Stah's seminars in person and they are outstanding.  I suggest purchasing the entire text instead of the \\"broken down\\" separate sections on various topics. You will  get more bang for the buck. Also the separate sections are alittle pricey when compared to purchasing the entire text i.e the third edition. Earlier editions are posted for sale and these would be ok for the general public  but not for those who wish to be on the cutting edge of Neuroscience and Mental health. A very good companion  to this Stahl's third edition would be from the Teaching company 'Understandig the Brain by Dr Janette Norden Vanderbilt Univ Medical School and \\" The Philosophy of Mind, Brains,Consciousness and Thinking Machines\\" by Dr Patrick Grim State Univ of NY at Stony Brook.  With these materials you will be on a par with any mental health professional as far as the basics and having the ability to discuss intelligently any sort of treatment. Don't get me wrong it is not the same as being able to know  the medications sufficient to prescribe but you will understand the rational behind the treatment.  Eric M. Levin MD
B00127RAJY|5.0|I just got done with day 1 of the 30 day shred. I went on level one. Before this video I had tried p90x and others but after not working out for over a year it just didnt work for me. It was too hard so I couldnt stick with it. Well now im 5 foot 5 inches and pushing 150lbs so I knew I needed to do something. Im use to being around 120-125 lbs so the extra weight has slowed me down, tired me out. I have a two year old so I needed something I could work into my day. I just did the first workout and loved it. I havent sweat that much in a long time! When I found it hard to keep going I just told myself \\"its 20 minutes of my day\\" I can do this. I want my body back! I have severe asthma too and I found the cardio to be just the right amount of time! I'll let everyone know updates on my progress as far as my cardio getting easier, weight loss, size. Thanks!
B000E1ZBGS|1.0|I've tried and tried to find something redeeming about this movie. I'll admit that I've never thought highly of Keira Knightley. This piece of hollywood crap only made me hate her more. It seemed like every five minutes she was giggling and for what? She portrayed Elizabeth Bennet as nothing more than a giggling school girl and not strong mature woman. Yes, I realize that movies are always going to change things when they are adapting the book into a movie. Yet, I'd rather watch the 1995 masterpiece because of its accuracy.
0618526412|4.0|I loved this book.  It was heartbreaking and emotional.  I did feel it elaborated too much, but for the most part it was an engaging moving read.
B002XTXFU8|4.0|Tom Hardy is magnificent in this movie, and that is probably understating it. Sure the movie is offensive and about a person who loves chaos for the sake of chaos. And that is why this movie is good. It is about a man, with a normal upbringing, a decent family, but is wrong. He loves madness, and that is all, he does not love madness because of childhood abuse or any other outside force, he just loves it. Great performance by Hardy, Good movie.
0316069485|3.0|This is a pretty pedestrian effort.  In fact, I am not convinced that Connelly actually wrote this one.  It reads as if someone only vaguely familiar with the characters developed in previous novels decided to give it a go.  Certainly, no further character development, but worse: no suspense or surprises.
1400115361|3.0|This is a good, balanced view of the fall of the markets and what's being called the Great Recession, with a good analysis of the causes and suggestions as to what could be done to prevent it happening again, even though Stiglitz rather overstates the fact that he predicted the crash. The audiobook, however, is let down by an absurdly pompous narration by Dick Hill - he tries to \\"act\\" the book, and some of his wildly overdone inflections had me in stitches.
0316098337|5.0|Once I reached the second third of this book, I couldn't put it down. Because of the timing of my read, I couldn't help but think of the lives of the Chilean miners in their own \\"room.\\"<br /><br />This story is simply unforgettable.
B002ZG99CM|5.0|I've always been a fan of the original Karate Kid series, even the Next Karate Kid despite folks being critical of it. In this remake, the settings have changed and all cultural and marshal art techniques were adjusted appropriate from Japanese to Chinese, and Karate to Kung Fu. Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith both were surprising good acting in their respective roles, which are new to both of them. Generally the blueprint is the same, especially with the way the tournament progressed.    The blue ray has slightly clearer picture than DVD version on 1080p. I love the featurettes, which introduce three key areas of China involved in the film: Beijing, the Great Wall, and the Wu Dang mountains (founding place of Kung Fu). The Chinese lessons are cute for viewers just wanna have fun with few phrases.    The blu-ray, DVD, and the featurettes together are definitely worth the price.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|Excellent TV show. If you want action, love and humor, you must see that. The serie begins introducting you the heroes of this saga based on the books of \\"The sword of truth\\" by T. Goodking, who have to defeat the Evil Darken Rahl to save this fantastic world of magic and creatures.
B003W5C0VM|5.0|JUST GOT ON BLUE RAY,THIS CONCERT IS OUTSTANDING,JAGGER IS THE GREATEST FRONT MAN OF ALL TIME.SOUND WAS SXCELLENT AND THE PICTURE WAS GREAT,I DO NOT KNOW WHAT THE PERSON THAT COMPLAINED ABOUT THE COLOR IS TALKING ABOUT MAYBE IT IS REGULAR AND NOT BLUE RAY.A MUST BUY FOR ANY STONES FAN !!!MICK TAYLOR ONE OF THE GREATEST GUITARIST OF ALL TIME ON LEAD MADE THE STONES REALLY SHINE,BUY IT NOW....STAN T.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|The 2nd season is much better than the first one. Better vissual effects, better interpretation by the actors, better script...Fantastic adaptation of the 2nd book by T. Goodkind \\"The Sword of Truth, Stone of Tears\\" with many inventions that make this season special. It's very bad that ABC decided not continue with this saga.
030745455X|5.0|I have a read quite a lot of books in my time, my overall favorites were Daniel Steel and Sidney Sheldon. Then out of no where came Stieg Larson and stole the show.<br /><br />This book is not only well written, but the plots are awesome. Never have I seen a author put so much in his work. I wish he was alive to write many more, or even to continue with the storyline. His characters are simply divine. This is a book that once you pick it up, you will not want to put back down until you have enjoyed it to the last drop.<br /><br />This Trilogy slash Suspense novel is a one of kind. If anyone know of any other books he has written, please let me know because I will be getting them.<br /><br />The only draw back of this book for me was the cursing, remove those and this would be the best novel out there on the market.<br /><br />Spoiler: I enjoyed the scene where the hunt for Salander started and they thought this computer genius was a retard and a Satanist. When they found out the things she could do, like tackle two well known biker and felony, the entire police department was in total shock. When they saw the 5ft 90 pound girl, they stared at her as they remembered all that she had done.<br /><br />Just a superb story. Thank you Stieg for allowing your talent to guide you into creating this master piece.
0920668372|5.0|This is such a great book.  I cry everytime I read it to my little guy. This is a great gift for a first time mom after their baby has been born.
1416589473|3.0|This is primarily only a book for fans of the PC game series. Not knowing what a Charr, Asuran, Nourn and Sylvari looks like might be difficult to imagine close to correctly. I thought the book was okay at best and if I hadn't played the game series I'm sure I wouldn't have enjoyed it was much as I tried to.     <Spoiler ahead!!!> In short, it's an action adventure about a group of misfits trying to cope with their differences while unwilling journeying together to retrieve an important lost item. There seemed to be a bit too much filler material after the first couple chapters until the end, which then ended too sudden and left an unfulfilled feeling. The book couldn't continue the same trend like the first couple of chapters did and slowed down a lot once in Charr territory. The ending chapters to me felt rushed. Anyway, a decent read if you just want more Guild Wars in any shape or form.
0736092269|5.0|With over 20 yrs experience body building, this is the best book I have every come across regarding strength training. It's a must for novice and experts alike.
B000PATZQK|4.0|The 2007 version of this great album does not include some 10-16 bonus tracks available on other versions of this album (such as 1998).  Many reviewers find the bonus tracks to be equal in quality to the main album.  Don't be misled by other comments -- they are commenting on the versions containing bonus tracks.  That said, it's still a great album.
B0043RGY9W|3.0|I was really looking forward to this and had high expectations for this project. I love both artists but as one reviewer mentioned, they missed an opportunity to do something extra special. This collaboration could have been epic, but falls short.    The out of key singing on track 1 @ 9:45 into the song doesn't work and is quite irritating as well as the distortion on some of the kick drums (maybe over compressed?)    Hopefully the Meatbeat Manifesto will collaborate with Jeff Beck and do a project like this the right way!    It says in the description that the The package also includes connectivity to Metallicspheres.com for access to free bonus material......can't find it.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I experienced every emotion reading this book.  Although I felt it was rushed in some parts and skipped over what could've been a riveting part of the story to delve into, it was still really good.  Even though I like the book as a whole, I feel like some parts near the end either didn't add up or weren't explained enough for me.  Either way, the final book in the series was well done and very enjoyable.
B002Y7ZEMG|5.0|I loved this dvd because it has one of my favrite singers of all time in it and it shipped fast.But my favrite part of the whole dvd is the come together song michael sings at the end of the show.I also liked the smooth criminal video. This one is a longer version.But in all i love michael jackson alot and to me he is the best singer who ever loved. Thats why anything i can find with him on it i have to buy. He may be dead now but i will forever love him. So, if you are a true mj fan you have to buy this. Trust me you will love it cause i sure know i do.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Don't be fooled by the DVD cover: there will be nothing saccharin about your experience of this film after having viewed it start to finish. I believe I accidently happened upon this picture while wandering aimlessly around the foreign film section of Blockbuster video on a winter evening back in 1998 (when the film was first released).  At the time, the title probably resonated somewhere inside the idealistic part of my psyche...but here I am years later, still affected. Roberto Begnini somehow manages to artfully convey (even as the tone, events and storyline within the movie dramatically change) that we have the ability to mold uncertain (at times fearful) circumstances into bearable opportunities to cope, and ultimately live (there is an irony, here, for any who see the very end of the film). The focus is indirectly placed on the choices we make and attitudes/perspective we have as we go through hardship; simple awareness and determination; and, of course, real love.  The love conveyed here is the sacrifical kind that wants the best for the other person...but touches also on the qualities in love (and in life) that are absolutely fantastical and magical: the things that don't need explaining and the stuff that is known by methods other than the tangible:  happenings, circumstances, people and events that transport us to the places that make sense only in the context of an intimate relationship with a universe of intricacy and uncertainty. It's an artist's film. It will charm and amuse you right before it delves deep and leaves you in tears.
B004132I4S|5.0|I've been following Sufjan Stevens for the better part of a decade. Always blurring the lines between classy and kitsch, serious and fun, jaded and exuberant, this guy has truly left his mark on the face of modern American music.     For the last several weeks, I've been touting this year's All Delighted People EP as my favorite Sufjan Stevens work yet. While not a huge departure in style from the iconic Illinois or its noteworthy successor The Avalanche, it certainly deserves its share of praise and attention. Still savoring it after many listens, I wasn't sure I was ready to hear another new work just yet.    That was then.    Along comes The Age of Adz, with its astonishingly fresh and different style. Stunning electronic soundscapes, boldly courageous song structures, and colorful reverb-drenched lyrics -- all silhouetted by the signature guitar melodies, orchestral flourishes, and lilting choral backdrops that are unmistakably Sufjan-- this is the work of a true master. Is there no end to this guy's brilliance?     Except this is not what most fans were expecting to hear. Overwhelmingly electronic in form and style, The Age of Adz is a fresh, exciting new direction for Sufjan Stevens. Electronics are certainly not anything new in Sufjan's repertoire (see 2002's Enjoy Your Rabbit), but he uses them in a much richer, more compelling and meaningful way this time. Rather than mere experimental soundscapes, the electronics play a role as \\"caregivers\\" to the music - guiding it along with fascinating exuberance, adding ambiance and character, augmenting the lyrics, freshening up the melodies, yet never overshadowing the candid singer/songwriter essence at the heart of this work. Old-spirited and soulful to the core, yet unmistakably 21st century in style, this album is every bit as crazy as it is honest. At times it can be like raving at a ballet, headbanging at a symphony concert, crying at a baseball game, laughing at a funeral. Dizzyingly complex, this is a musicalpalette that could easily result in disaster -- but with the kiss of true genius, he made it work.    I'm not going to compare this album to Illinois (they are too different), nor will I pretend to know its level of importance relative to other works (it's too early to tell). But I will say that this is one hell of a fascinating album from start to finish. I can't stop listening to it, and I don't think I will anytime soon. Some may be deterred at first, but I'm willing to bet they will be charmed by its resonating beauty after a few patient listens.
0525951652|1.0|I love the reviews of this book.  Many are reviewing the price on an electronic book. Others claim that \\"The review should not be about the price of the book - it should be about the contents of the book and the story.\\" In my view a review should only be transparent and what is of importance to you. I haven't read many one star reviews that didn't express why they gave the book one star (usually the e-book price).  Some five reviews seem to be giving an extra star or two in order to offset the price protesters.  Anybody who actually reads the reviews can quickly discern why the book has such a mediocre rating. AS more people expand what it means to \\"review\\" a book  publishers and amazon will have to give more informative statistics than a \\"star\\" average (for example, graph the distribution).  My one star is in solidarity with the price protesters but would give the book three stars on its content. The book doesn't have very engaging characters but has the sex scenes typical of Follett and somewhat interesting historical situations.    Power to the people. Send a publisher an e-mail protesting their price and they'll likely ignore you. Affect sales thru your review of what is most important to you and they are more likely to act.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|Reminds me a lot of the Dixie Chicks or Sugarland's first albums -- fresh sound, great lyrics, well produced, really nice instrumentation.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|I was considering to buy X41, mostly for the surround sound. Cable-free experience is another good point, but I hate taking care of recharging and changing batteries back & forth. I had a wireless mouse once and ditched it for this reason.    Instead, I bought myself a PX21, which is a basic stereo set (wired), but compatible with X360, PS3 and PC. Got it a couple of days ago and still haven't tested it on the latter two, but on X360 with Forza 3 it sounds pretty good. Compared to the TV set speakers that I used to rely on, it's awesome!  I can hear a lot of new sounds that I was unaware of, never even thought that existed in the game.     So far I've been playing offline and didn't need a microphone. Which brings me to another reason to buy a headset: in-game chat while racing online. The PX21 features chat boost and it is very effective. The mic hangs on a flexible piece that you cannot break by accident, no matter how you fold it.    All in all, Turtle Beach Ear Force PX21 is a perfect combination and the price is acceptable for the returns.
B003SJ6W4I|2.0|Okay, so I love Brendan Frasier, I really do.  I love goofy movies too.  I liked watching George of the Jungle and Dudley Do Right with our kids.  They're silly, but cute.  This one I really could barely sit through.  There were a couple of funny parts (I have to admit my kids- ages 7, 4, and 2 - giggled several times at things the animals did).  My husband and I just kept looking at each other like, really?  This movie was really a waste of time and effort on the part of those that made it.  And not to be rude, but Brendan wasn't cute anymore (which made me sad) . . chubba bubba!  I wanted to like it, really I did.  But it was awful.
B000X107GI|5.0|We bought these to go in our garage door openers...I got 5 of the batteries for less than half of what one battery would have cost me from the garage door serviceman. Great Deal!
B003XRZZFM|5.0|This album has got me SPELLBOUND   The best since Enthrone Darkness Triumphant/Spiritual Black Dimensions  I highly recommened this if YOU SEEK MAJESTICAL SYMPHONIC BLACK METAL PERFECTION you can actually here the bass  Crank it up!!! AND BE INTRANCED  For the people who rate it low are you actually taking the time to listen to each song or only part of it (you know who you are)  THE BEST IN 11 YEARS
B003VSVWA0|5.0|Another great album by the iconic Cohen. He continues to amaze us with his talent. A great addition to your Cohen collection.
B000001F45|2.0|I'll admit, I'm new to the Heep. My first CD was the remastered version of \\"Demons and Wizards\\" which blew me away. What a great hard rock album... ranks right up their with Deep Purple and Led Zeppelin of the early seventies. This CD, however, lacks any real stand-out tracks, has very corny lyrics (very \\"Tap\\"-ish), and only has one small section that really rocks (the guitar/drum midsection of the song \\"The Magician's Birthday\\".) I don't know how this album was received back in the day, but I'm sure the band lost some of the following they may have picked-up with \\"Demons and Wizards\\". I highly recommend \\"Demons and Wizards\\" to any Hard Rock/Classic Rock fan. I'd pass on this one. I'm not sure if I'll buy any more Heep albums after this.
B0043RGY9W|5.0|The Orb's latest album might be their best, in no small part thanks to David Gilmour's contributions. His work here is instantly recognized as the music opens, comfortably making its way to The Orb's signature sounds, and taking its time in doing so. The sonic plane they create is the perfect space in which Gilmour can explore; in this, he and The Orb work perfectly, neither one overshadowing the other. There are moments here that make the listener think of an updated version of Pink Floyd's epic early song, \\"Echoes,\\" as well as a few twists and turns that are Oldfield-esque. For what it is -- remember, this is  not Pink Floyd or David Gilmour, but The Orb -- this album is nearly perfect. The Orb with David Gilmour is a brilliant pairing. If this is the product of what was more or less a jam session, it is much too good to never happen again.
0553805371|1.0|I didn't find this either informative or entertaining. Quite disappointing! I can't figure out why they've written this to such a low level...
B0039Q7QKE|5.0|Son and I are very pleased with this item.  As noted in other reviews, it is metal, no plastic.  It has a nice weight, solid but not enough to sag on clothing.  Two tack-style pins with squeeze caps keep pin from swiveling on clothing.<br /><br />The retail package is attractive, not exceptional.  The front window panel lifts, almost jewel-box fashion.  It isn't a jewel or display box, but relatively light cardboard.  Didn't feel flimsy and ours did have a color background behind the pin.<br /><br />That said, it is cool and fun, and we are glad to have it!  We also ordered the Star Trek Science badge, so I'll copy this review to that page, as that one is equally nice, ours was from a different seller.<br /><br />(While not a part of this 'product' star rating, I'll note that it arrived promptly, was appropriately packaged, and was in brand-new condition)
B001PPLIEG|5.0|I am a 007 fan. This one was ok by my standards so I give it 5 stars.
B0013XW2F4|1.0|This kindle version is practically unusable. There is no indication in the TOC which stories are stories or where the novels are ... and I don't see a way to even get to the TOC without doing a word search for \\"table\\".
6305736650|5.0|Another great old classic had to add it to my collection. Winner of 3 academy awards including best picture. Include some of the great actors and actress and I am good to go. Loved the movie.
0316067938|5.0|This book was a great conclusion to this series. It was exciting and action packed. I felt like I was right there.I was a little shocked at the ending, but it was still great nonetheless.
B00004WEJZ|5.0|This one was not in the box set. As a 007 fan I had to have it.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I just got this a week ago, and I'm constantly watching it on my laptop. It's the best show I could have ever discovered when I was younger, and now that I'm older it's amusing getting all the dirty jokes you never got when you were younger (:    It makes me long for the 90's, and despise the annoying and trash filled shows that are on MTV now. I guess having Morals isn't popular anymore. At least I can say I experienced the greatest show. However, despite the music being taken off, I didn't notice it too much, just particularly one scene where the replaced song didn't fit well, but anyways...    Daria will always be amazing, I'm so happy it came out on DVD. It saddens me that they won't ever revive this show again, but it has to stop somewhere.    I'm still a teenager, and I still look up to Daria. For perhaps she was the only one who saw the truth in the world.     Jane Lane you are a great woman.
B00004XPPC|5.0|I like to watch old classic movies, ones that won academy awards and have military action in them. This one received 7 academy awards, including bast picture and has a nice military theme.
0812550706|5.0|The only book I was forced to read in High School that I liked.  This book is a must for anyone who likes sci-fi.  It's much deeper and philosophical than just a story about aliens and laser guns.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Loved this series!  Got a little lost a couple of times but couldn't wait for the next episode.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|This is a Cute movie! You will enjoy it One million times more if you like ABBA and if you're somewhat familiar with their music, ABBA ROCKS! and this movie is full of ART and Life!!!!<br />So cute I highly reccomend it, I never was a Lover of musicals, BUT THIS MOVIE Made me change my MIND!<br />so amazing how certain things give you such a Spinning TURN!!!!<br /><br />ENJOY it!
1400064287|4.0|I immediately went to get Made to Stick after I read the Heath brother's more recent book, Switch.  And, although I found Switch to be far superior, Made to Stick still delivers great information.<br /><br />The point of this book is to help communicators get their message to stick in the minds of the listener.  As I read the book, I felt that three main audiences would really benefit:  Small business owners, anyone who works in management, and school teachers.  My guess is that most of this information is roughly at the \\"Marketing 201\\" level, and therefore probably not appropriate for professional marketers.  The authors break down their main points into an easy to remember (imagine that) acronym: SUCCESs.  This stands for Simple, Unexpected, Concrete, Credible, Emotional, Stories.<br /><br />The authors do a great job of weaving together real life stories to give examples of how to make your communication work.  It's an entertaining book to read, and I learned a lot that I could apply to my own small business and my parenting.
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|Writing this is a sad day, because of course, we have all lost David Tennant as Dr. Who.  Now I haven't yet seen the new Matt Smith Dr. Who, but I have to say, Tennant was THE DR. as far as I am concerned.  A definitive as it was for Tom Baker back in the day.<br /><br />These specials are bitter-sweet as far as being an audience member.  The Dr. is alone for pretty much the first time.  There is alot of loss, and alot of gain.  Without giving the stories away, suffice it to say that it's a bang-on finish for the best Dr. Who ever.  We have watched these specials repeatedly, and they never cease to amaze.  The writing, the filming, every detail is exceptional.  However: one thing: KLEENEX Warning if you are the least bit fond of Dr. Who, and especially Mr. Tennant's portrayal.  It's never easy to say goodbye.  Also, be sure to watch the extra features, not the least of which is Tennant's video diary of the 'last days'.<br /><br />Tennant is a true artist, and I sure hope we see more of him.  If you love Dr. Who, and have watched even partials of Tennant's tenure as the Dr., then you really need to see these specials.
B0043X7WLA|1.0|I thought I would swallow the Sufjan Stevens pill since it seems that everyone thinks he is a musical genius.  Thankfully I didn't pay full price, but I couldn't even finish the last song.  This is a bunch of electronica crud that shouldn't be passed as music.  Listening to it is not even remotely enjoyable.  I do hope his other stuff is of better musical quality than this because if it's not there are a lot of really undiscerning ears out there.<br /><br />By the way, if I could have given it zero stars I would have.
0802473156|4.0|Great read. My girlfriend and I learned a lot about each other.... but it totally made my girlfriend crazy.
0517548232|1.0|I was sorely disappointed in this vapid and smarmy demogoguery.  Sure, back then there was no Google searching nor number crunching laptops.  But plenty of economic data was available which the author managed to circumvent.  Probably the book's greatest failing was to compare the field of economics to other sciences.  Even with today's analytical resources, economists are still all over the map on their predictions & conclusions.  On the other hand, meteorologists seem to do quite well.  Naturally the radical libertarians, tea-baggers & Republicans love this slim volume which is even slimmer on evidence.  I would read it only if you want to know why the lunatic fringe is so nutty & irrational.
B002G3459Q|5.0|I had this book recommended to me by a good friend. It allows the reader to sort of sit back and enjoy life from a genius' perspective. Old book but you would never know from the literature.
B0021L8V1Q|4.0|I liked the movie - it was a great action flick.  All the reviewers bashing the 'science', martial arts, dialogue, etc... lighten up!  It's a movie made to entertain us plain and simple.  That being said, I purchased this bluray (3 pack version w/ bluray, DVD, and digital copy) and the bluray had 2 'blips' in it where it would freeze, then continue playing after a second or 2.  Haven't tried the DVD or digital copy yet.  My sister purchased hers from walmart and hers froze up completely and would not play past the 'race in Moracco' scene at all. Sister said wal-mart customer service rep told her quite a few of them had been returned for the same reason (freezing).  Perhaps there was a bad batch of blurays sent out?  I have returned for a replacement - not Amazon's fault.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Ok, some people like it, some people don't, but I only care for what I like, and I love this movie, I think it is the best movie of 2010, I will not hesitate on getting the bluray, but, where is the Limited Edition europe is getting? I would love to have that Limited Edition, please Mr. whoever is responsible for geting the LE to our continent, bring it to us!
B0035V35PI|5.0|This is the first time I'm ordering with this vender. And going by what I've read by other buyers to other venders. This vender is AWESOME!!! It came quick! And in original package. No Blockbuster logo. It came with the bluray sleve that goes with the packaging.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|I love Supernatural the show does demostrate that there is a lot of evil out there and the writters interpertation of the end of time I find really different to other things I have watch or read.  Just sorry this will be the last season.
1594133379|5.0|If you understand the way the two halves of your brain work, you can make remarkable progress in performance, acting responsibly and experience more happiness. The left-brain and the right brain are in principle complimentary but in practice the left half suppresses many of the talents good feelings and capabilities of the right half. The right half experiences what is, and not on what was or worries about the future. The right side as it concentrates on what is now makes you aware that there are only processes and that you feel yourself as a part of the universe. The right side organizes this information and makes decisions, absolutely necessary. Unfortunately the left side also generates anger, fear, jealousy, ego-centeredness, stress, hatred, aggressiveness, false pride and greed. These negatives are referred in Buddhism as \\"Negative Thoughts and Emotions.\\"  Jane's book explains in great detail the methods on how you can train your mind to reduce these negative influences of the left half.<br />It was astounding to me is that the method Jane describes is almost identical to Buddhist meditation methods of training the mind as described in the\\" Leader's Way\\" by the Dalai Lama based on the teachings of Buddha. It is he first proof I have come across that proves that it is true what Buddha said: \\" All I have done is to discover the laws of Nature\\". With the knowledge from this book you will become more effective in training your mind.<br />This book is not only for people that have experienced brain damage or for people that help them. It is also for everybody else especially for leaders in business and politics that have to cope with enormous pressure, have to act responsibly and whose action affect large numbers of people.
B003W5C0VW|3.0|Many Rolling Stones fans,  including myself, will agree, the Mick Taylor years were their best musically. For decades since their landmark 1972 North American Tour, Stones fans have anticipated the long awaited release of Ladies and Gentlemen The Rolling Stones. Historically, this concert footage is a must-have for any Stones fan. The years of waiting, however, may disappoint some die-hard Mick Taylor fans when it comes to the sound mix, but more on that below.<br /><br />The first noticeable visual change, for those who remember the rare Drive-in Movie showings of this film is the elimination of the triple split-screen effect. Split screen was state-of-the-art in 1972, (recall the films Woodstock  and Elvis On Tour)  but, was always over-done to the point of being annoying. Eliminating it was a wise decision. By today's standards, the onstage camera work will appear almost primitive to the computer stabilized Skycam generation. Instead, onstage cameramen vied for position, and clamored for  a dramatic shot only to be foiled by a seemingly motionless Bill Wyman, curly chord stretched to the max, who had an uncanny knack for getting in the way.  Likewise, the stage lighting of the day was totally inadequate for filming, thus rendering more than its share of dark moments. If eliminating split-screen added to the continuity of the film, splicing segments from four performances certainly did not. Costume changes from one song to the next, even from an intro to the song itself are, at time more than just noticeable. Some may savor the concert filming of the day, and enjoy the aviance. Others may be reminded of the down side to releasing a 38 year old relic.<br /><br />The sound mix on the non-Blue-Ray copy I viewed leaves a lot to be desired.  First, the over-all volume is lower than expected. Viewed on my PC with the volume maxed-out left me wanting more. Most annoying is a noticeable stereo panning effect that permeates most of the DVD. Mick Jagger's vocals, for instance, pan from side to side then come to rest in the center, like someone was drunk and experimenting at the sound/re-mix board. It's amazing to think that this problem was not noticed and remedied. Most disheartening of all is that Mick Taylor's guitar is not mixed as loud as on some live bootlegs, most notable, the 1973 European Tour examples that dot the internet. Taylor's guitar is not terribly low, and his masterful playing can certainly be enjoyed, but it sure would have been better if he were turned up. On the plus side, bringing up Bill Wyman's bass, that was previously always muddied in the mix of live performances, reveals what many fans have known for years: Wyman is a good bass player after all. Likewise, Nicky Hopkins's piano is more prominent and will please those who remember this great musician. A high end home TV/audio system may remedy some of these defects, but the casual viewer may be left wanting.<br /><br />Tour rehearsal clips previously posted on the internet, or included on the DVD Stones in Exile reduce the impact of those Bonus Features included here (\\"Shake Your Hips,\\" \\"Tumbling Dice\\" and \\"Bluesberry Jam\\"). An Old Grey Whistle Stop interview with Jagger, inter-mixed with performance flashes from the DVD, and a recent 2010 interview provide a then & now perspective of Jagger's take on the whole thing.<br /><br />As a long-time Stones fan, I had to have this DVD. The 1972 Stones Tour with Mick Taylor is what many consider the highpoint of their career. Taken for what it is, and the technology of the time, the overall performance is not bad. The sound problems on the DVD release, and perhaps a better selection of Bonus Features rate this as three-and-a-half stars.e to side then come to rest in the center, like someone was drunk and experimenting at the sound/re-mix board. It's amazing to think that this problem was not noticed and remedied. Most disheartening of all is that Mick Taylor's guitar is not mixed as loud as on some live bootlegs, most notable, the 1973 European Tour examples that dot the internet. Taylor's guitar is not terribly low, and his masterful playing can certainly be enjoyed, but it sure would have been better if he were turned up. On the plus side, bringing up Bill Wyman's bass, that was previously always muddied in the mix of live performances, reveals what many fans have known for years: Wyman is a good bass player after all. Likewise, Nicky Hopkins's piano is more prominent and will please those who remember this great musician. A high end home TV/audio system may remedy some of these defects, but the casual viewer may be left wanting.    Tour rehearsal clips previously posted on the internet, or included on the DVD Stones in Exile reduce the impact of those Bonus Features included here (\\"Shake Your Hips,\\" \\"Tumbling Dice\\" and \\"Bluesberry Jam\\"). An Old Grey Whistle Stop interview with Jagger, inter-mixed with performance flashes from the DVD, and a recent 2010 interview provide a then & now perspective of Jagger's take on the whole thing.    As a long-time Stones fan, I had to have this DVD. The 1972 Stones Tour with Mick Taylor is what many consider the highpoint of their career. Taken for what it is, and the technology of the time, the overall performance is not bad. The sound problems on the DVD release, and perhaps a better selection of Bonus Features rate this as three-and-a-half stars.
0451167716|5.0|Up until a few months ago, I didn't even know there was a Godfather novel.  The book gives the reader a whole different perspective on Vito Corleone.  The book takes you inside the Godfather's head and allows the reader to have a greater appreciation for the character.
B002N5N4MG|5.0|I love, love, love the big bang theory.  There has not been a show with such smart humor in a long time if ever, in my opinion.  Bazinga!
0763644765|5.0|We already had a potty for each 21-month old, each with her own color.  Here's the potty: [[ASIN:B000056J7L BABYBJRN Potty Chair, Blue]].      We weren't making much progess yet with that, and my friend told me that his daughter learned how to use the potty from a book.  That's what inspired me to get this book.  It has the right title.  Then the day the book arrived, the babies spend some time with it and later that evening they used the pottys perfectly.  I still cannot believe it.  Since then they've continued to learn, and they're continuing.  I think it was this book that broke the ice and got things going.
0618918248|1.0|What then, Professor Dawkins?  Shall men of good will, reason, and scholarship throw out the baby with the bathwater?
B001CN2WXM|5.0|best american films produced in the last 20 years.  the other being AMERICAN BEAUTY.    interestingly enough,KEVIN SPACEY is in both.  coincidence? i don't think so.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|I hadn't seen this show in nearly a decade, but thanks to the magic of DVDs (and Amazon's Gold Box special) I got the chance to relive some memories of the late 90s when this show first aired.<br /><br />What's especially interesting is that this began in 1997, so it's just before every high school kid had a cell phone, iPod, and so on. It of course also predates MySpace, Facebook, Twitter, and other \\"social networks.\\" So by that token, it actually reflects a simpler time, when kids actually still walked down hallways and spoke to each other without using a phone.<br /><br />The series revolves (as you'd probably guess) around a girl named Daria Morgandorffer, who was previous seen every so often on MTV's \\"Beavis and Butthead.\\" Only now Daria has moved to suburban Lawndale with her workaholic mom Helen, nutty father Jake, and too-perfect sister Quinn. As in any show or movie about high school, Daria is an outcast not because of any physical deformity, but because she has dark hair, glasses, and a working brain. Throughout the show's five seasons, Daria and her new artist friend Jane poke fun at high school life with its quest for popularity. Though she thinks she knows it all, Daria does sometimes still get schooled, especially once Tom enters the picture in the 4th season.<br /><br />Actually the relationship with Tom was something I didn't really buy into. He's the type of guy who seems just a little too perfect, especially for an outcast like her. Mostly I think the producers just wanted to try and breathe some new life into the show, but it didn't really work for me. It was also convenient that by that point her crush on Jane's brother Trent had been completely forgotten, like the lost brother on \\"Happy Days.\\" By the end of the 5th season it did seem like the show was kind of jumping the shark, though maybe now it's time for a big screen reboot or something. Actually I'm sure if Daria were in high school today, she'd have a lot more fodder for wry observations.<br /><br />Much has been made about having to get rid of the music used in the series when it first aired because of the licensing fees. I really don't remember the show that well that I could remember what songs were used in the first place, so it didn't bother me much. Although in the paintball one, didn't they use Barber's \\"Adagio for Strings?\\" That's one I do remember, or think I do. I would have thought by now that would have passed into public domain, but maybe not.<br /><br />Anyway, my favorite episode has always been the one where Daria's English teacher the wimpy Mr. O'Neil challenges her to write a story that involves a deck of cards. As something of a writer myself, I really empathized with that episode.<br /><br />As someone who not only writes but was a misfit in high school, I identified a lot with Daria, which is probably why I enjoyed this so much. It was good to remember this treasure from days gone by. That it includes both movies, and the original 5-minute pilot (featuring a far more vindictive version of the character) makes it a must own despite the lack of music.<br /><br />That is all.br /><br />Much has been made about having to get rid of the music used in the series when it first aired because of the licensing fees. I really don't remember the show that well that I could remember what songs were used in the first place, so it didn't bother me much. Although in the paintball one, didn't they use Barber's \\"Adagio for Strings?\\" That's one I do remember, or think I do. I would have thought by now that would have passed into public domain, but maybe not.<br /><br />Anyway, my favorite episode has always been the one where Daria's English teacher the wimpy Mr. O'Neil challenges her to write a story that involves a deck of cards. As something of a writer myself, I really empathized with that episode.<br /><br />As someone who not only writes but was a misfit in high school, I identified a lot with Daria, which is probably why I enjoyed this so much. It was good to remember this treasure from days gone by. That it includes both movies, and the original 5-minute pilot (featuring a far more vindictive version of the character) makes it a must own despite the lack of music.<br /><br />That is all.
0307454541|3.0|It just wasn't entertaining. The characters had parts of their character that i can recognize and enjoy, but they have other character traits that I don't even believe can coexist in the same person, and that I can't respect. The result seemed like a Frankenstein creation with personality traits just sort of stuck together, and I really couldn't care what happened next. If the background or back stories were more interesting they could have carried the book for me. While they were somewhat interesting, they mainly got boring. For entertainment, i recommend the readers try Kerry Greenwood's Phryne Fisher in 1920's Australia, or Alan Bradley's Flavia. Larsson has a passable tale, but I feel like I wasted a lot of time with hohum characters I wouldn't want to call my friends.
B0043X7WLA|1.0|I always hate people who don't do their due diligence before buying/watching/listening to something. Like people who just assumed that Ben Stiller was in the movie \\"Greenberg\\" that it would be a slapstick comedy and were then disappointed because they were too dumb to read the reviews.<br /><br />This time I'm the idiot. I bought this without previewing it first because I have some of Sufjan Stevens' other albums and like them. I do feel fortunate that I didn't pay full price for this. Otherwise I'd really feel dumb.<br /><br />In a word, this album is terrible. The awful title track is so much discordant noise that it should be blasted at high volume by police trying to get a criminal to surrender. Even worse is the final track. Even Meat Loaf would probably think 25:34 is too long for a song. Especially a song that essentially repeats the same chorus for 15 stinking minutes. There's another song for the cops to use if they want someone to confess a crime. Long before it got to the end the suspect would be begging for the quiet solitude of prison.<br /><br />Really the whole thing sounds like a kid playing with a keyboard in the music store that makes all sorts of funny noises and then recording it. A couple of the tracks are more like the Sufjan Stevens of \\"Seven Swans,\\" \\"Illinoise,\\" etc. but the two main offenders I mentioned are just so excruciating that I can't recommend anyone spending money on this.<br /><br />That is all.
0307460444|5.0|The Devil's food cupcakes are delicious and practically require no frosting. The decorating tips are very simple and helpful. I havent tried every recipe, but this is definitely a cupcake cookbook worth having.
B001G0LBZ6|5.0|The Juno soundtrack is awesome! I usually don't like this type of music, but I just had to buy the CD after watching the movie. I highly recommend it.
B0035WTJFW|4.0|This film puts you on the edge from the opening scenes. This storyline is fully tricked out, and takes you on a roller-coaster ride in your mind. Tom Cruise plays the part of a captain of a PreCrime Team that stop murders before they can take place.<br /><br />But all is not well for him, as he is haunted by the guilt of losing his son, and this was followed by a divorce.<br /><br />The film is set about 50 years into the future and the transport systems are way cool, and include: complex auto tranport systems, jet back packs and hover craft type military transporters.<br /><br />Observation is the key to following this film. All is not what is seems to be, the plot is as thick as plots can get. Figuring out the bad guy in this film is almost impossible, because he lies in wait quietly for his victim and is as smooth as a snake in the grass.<br /><br />This is a top notch sci-fi thriller and it's loaded with high-end special effects, but the stroyline also packs a great punch.
006019250X|5.0|Wow. What a beautiful special edition of this great story. Ill leave review of the story to others but this hardcover illustrated edition is so cool if you love this book. Nothing like it. The quality of the cover, the binding, the pages and the style of font are all great. But of course the special pictures done by Mobius are the treat. All together it feels old world and timeless. On top of all this the jacket illustration is really excellent and properly mystical, taken from an illustration inside. If you love the Alchemist I think you will love this version most of all. I do.
B00004VWAF|5.0|An incredible example on the road to defining a history of utilization of ethnic world music rhythms and instruments.  Glad it is remastered beautifully to match today's audio possibilities.  This CD is so far in the lead - ahead of its time.
B0037QGS0K|5.0|Exciting story with a surprising turn at the end and a little more nudity than I would have expected. great movie, definitely worth seeing.
0743298039|5.0|Well written, thought-provoking, and great suspense and plot twists make this a book I could not read quickly enough.
B0021L8UPS|1.0|Although it starts off interesting because you want to know why this child is so disturbed, by the end you've just wasted your time on this movie. It is truly an unbelievable ending that you say to yourself, I've lost all that time watching this thing and will never get it back. The ending or even alternative ending is bad. If the ending was rewritten with a more believable story, we've heard about Russian orphans being neglected, abused and seen unbelievable horrors in their country in real life stories and the fallout after they've been adopted here in the States, that this movie just leaves you in disbelief. Good acting in the beginning and you are on the edge of your seat to know the outcome, so the screenwriter didn't need to go in the direction he did to make this a watchable movie, but he did and the movie ends up being just plain bad. Don't waste your time on this one!
0143038419|1.0|This book has a few positive momemnts where you revel in the brilliance of the author's unhinged approach to food. Other than that I absolutely hated it the story of her life communicates another bored rich woman who shys away from  family life to focus on herself and her 'self discovery'. Not in the least bit interesting...
0446563048|5.0|This book has really opened my eyes to realize that the goal of making money is and should be second to doing what truly makes you happy.  If you follow your path to passion then you shall be unabashedly rich with happiness.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I am sad to say that I discovered this brilliant show after some dim-witted TV exec decided to pull the plug on it.  Firefly is quite simply the best TV series I have ever seen.  It is everything you love about westerns, science fiction, comedy, and drama all rolled into one.  The writing and cast are world class.  It is a tragedy that this show had to go so we could make room for Desperate Housewives of Beverly Hills etc.  Do yourself a favor, buy this series.  It is a bargain at any price.
B00006JL1Z|5.0|Everything I could think of, as far as their hits over the decades, is on this 2 CD set.  For the \\"casual\\" Fleetwood Mac fan, this is it, really.  Of course the real fans will get the full CD's, but for me, the 36 tracks on this set is really complete.    Sound quality for the tracks is very well done, I thought that the mix quality was pretty equal from the old stuff to the newer tracks.  You can really hear the work they did on these tracks listening to \\"The Chain\\" on a good set of headphones.      Great work, I'd highly recommend this set.
B003JTHXOK|1.0|I LOVED NS's \\"The Notebook\\" and  \\"A Walk to Remember\\" I cried over both of them. This was like eating rice plain. I am so disappointed especially since I spent $13.90 on Kindle for it.
0061433047|5.0|I am an unabashed fan of Terry Pratchett. No writer I know brings more humanity, more humanness, to his writing than Pratchett. And it has never been more plainly on display than in the Tiffany Aching story arc. This is the fourth and probably concluding novel in that amazing series.<br /><br />Tiffany Aching's adventures need to be read in publication order: [[ASIN:0060012382 The Wee Free Men (Discworld)]], [[ASIN:0060586621 A Hat Full of Sky: The Continuing Adventures of Tiffany Aching and the Wee Free Men]], [[ASIN:0060890339 Wintersmith (Discworld)]] and now I Shall Wear Midnight. Each novel presents Tiffany, a very precocious young witch living on the Chalk Downs, with a more difficult challenge. All of them involve solving a problem, often enough a problem she helped create in the first place. Tiffany has to learn, sometimes at considerable sacrifice, how to make things right. How to be responsible.<br /><br />In Midnight, the challenge is The Cunning Man, the eyeless spirit that hates all witches, and whose miasma infects everyone, even Tiffany's own friend, with that same hatred. In the three earlier novels, Tiffany has had the \\"help\\" of the Mac Nac Feegles, the Wee Free Men, the Pictsies. But against a ghost with no physical form, the thieving, drinking, fighting Feegles aren't much use. Their role is restricted to comic relief. When Tiffany asks them, \\"Have you boys got no shame?\\" They answer, \\"I couldnae say, but if we have, it probably belonged tae somebody else.\\"<br /><br />Pratchett's health no longer permits to him use a keyboard. Instead, he uses voice dictation/recognition software and a capable assistant. Amazingly, the change hasn't affected the quality of his writing. And no one living today writes better than Terry Pratchett. For example,<br /><br />\\"Tiffany glanced around for a moment. 'That's Mrs. Proust. She's from Ankh-Morpork, you know. Is she an old friend of yours? She was asking about you only a little while ago.'\\"<br /><br />\\"The Duchess smiled, but it was a strange little smile. If smiles had a color, it would have been green.\\"<br /><br />This is a wonderful story, wonderfully told. For long-time readers, there are some delightful cameos, including one utterly delightful surprise, reaching far back in the Discworld series, that I won't spoil here. Exceppt to remind readers that Granny Weatherwax had apprentices long before Tiffany.<br /><br />If this is a children's tale, it is in the tradition of great children's stories, which means more than half of it is written for adults. The novel has its very dark moments. There are metaphorical dragons. But, as Pratchett has said, quoting Chesterton, \\"Children know there are dragons. Fantasy teaches them that dragons can be defeated.\\"<br /><br />My very highest recommendation. This is a work of wonder.ile. If smiles had a color, it would have been green.\\"    This is a wonderful story, wonderfully told. For long-time readers, there are some delightful cameos, including one utterly delightful surprise, reaching far back in the Discworld series, that I won't spoil here. Exceppt to remind readers that Granny Weatherwax had apprentices long before Tiffany.    If this is a children's tale, it is in the tradition of great children's stories, which means more than half of it is written for adults. The novel has its very dark moments. There are metaphorical dragons. But, as Pratchett has said, quoting Chesterton, \\"Children know there are dragons. Fantasy teaches them that dragons can be defeated.\\"    My very highest recommendation. This is a work of wonder.
B003XRZZFM|5.0|With the departure of two band members, many fans of Dimmu Borgir, including myself, were anxious to hear how the drastic lineup change would impact their sound. Rest assured, the music is a heavy, dark, melodic, and engaging as ever. The lineup change seems to have had no discernible impact, with the exception of ICS Vortex's/Simen's vocals.<br /><br />The first noticeable feature of this album is the prominence of the orchestra, a welcome change of pace after the back-to-basics keyboard-light approach of their previous release, [[ASIN:B000NOK0QW In Sorte Diaboli]]. There is even an orchestral version of the lead track, \\"Gateways,\\" which itself is a pretty good representation of the music and style of this release. The orchestral intro and outro tracks are incredibly well done, but then again, we're talking about Dimmu Borgir -- they seem to be incapable of doing anything less.<br /><br />Another thing worth noting is that there is a fair amount of experimentation here -- not too little, and not too much. This album is somewhat akin to [[ASIN:B0000B1JZ0 Death Cult Armageddon]], but the orchestral elements play a much greater role, they use female guest vocals, there is a different male clean singer, acoustic guitars, monk-style chanting, a didgeridoo (look it up), and well-placed time changes. The innovations are subtle enough that a casual listener might miss them on a first or second listen, but a more discriminating fan would pick them up and appreciate their greatness.<br /><br />One of the tracks that really threw me off as a listener was \\"Dimmu Borgir.\\" It stands out because it is upbeat, triumphant, almost joyous(!), words which almost never, ever come to mind when thinking of how to describe their sound. It's a great track, but it's \\"unorthodox,\\" more akin to something that the Russian folk metal band Arkona than anything in Dimmu Borgir's extensive catalogue.<br /><br />The clean singer who replaced ICS Vortex/Simen does not mesh at all stylistically withDimmu Borgir. To be blunt, he sounds awful. His style would fit better in a power metal band, and his perfomance tarnishes the otherwise flawless \\"Endings and Continuations.\\" Fortunately, he too has been removed from the band.<br /><br />To conclude, this is a very solid release that combines what's best about the band's last few albums with some new and interesting elements. Like its predecessor, [[ASIN:B000NOK0QW In Sorte Diaboli]], there are no weak tracks that warrant skipping. It may be their best offering since [[ASIN:B00000I6F6 Spiritual Black Dimensions]], but only time will tell whether or not that is indeed the case.<br /><br />Postscript: there is no use of a didgeridoo on this album, it's Hungarian throat singing. The singer on \\"Endings and Continuations\\" is the legendary Garm, not the session vocalist they used on other tracks. That said, what I wrote about that track still stands even though I am a huge fan of Garm's work with Arcturus and Ulver.
B003W5C0VW|3.0|Having seen both the tour in 1972 and the movie in 1974, I was very excited to get this film when it came out.  I pre-ordered it on DVD and paid a premium (Two Day Shipping) to have it arrive at my house on the day it was released.  I have two items about this film that are dissapointing.  First, the bass guitar is presented way down in the mix.  This wasn't the case in either the film or the house mix during their tour.  Second, there are places that the bass spectrum (bass guitar and kick drum) drop out altogether.  An example is during Tumbling Dice.  I'm hoping this is only a problem on the DVD version.  I've purchased the Blue Ray version, hoping their audio mix will be better.    Once I get the Blue Ray version, I will be returning either the DVD version or both.
0316069485|4.0|Overall: loved it. Fast-paced, novel approach to the regular Connelly formula, using two perspectives (Haller and Bosch) alternating their experiences and keeping you in the dark sometimes. But, sometimes being in the dark can be delicious. You'll be hooked by the third chapter. My only complaint? It's felt like he rushed toward the ending after reaching the required page count. Sigh. Wish he would have made the ending as satisfying and climactic as the rest of the book. But, that's a common complaint I've had with the last few Connelly novels. Savor the first two-thirds.
0756665949|5.0|I just received my copy of the LOST Encyclopedia last night and while I have only read about 20 entries so far, in no particular order, I can tell I will be very pleased with this purchase. From what I've read so far I am very happy with some of the information I have got from it. It seems there is an entry for every single character that ever had a speaking role on LOST, whether it was a main character or someone who just appeared on the show once and said only 3 words. Almost every location has a detailed entry as well. Another great aspect of the book is that it seems to tie up some small loose ends on the show. While you aren't getting answers for all major mysteries I have noticed loose ends such as why Libby was in the mental institution and if she recognized Hurley was answered to my surprise. I'm excited to read more of the book and I believe it's a must have for any serious LOST fan.
B003V4AK8E|1.0|I've played the Call of Duty games extensively. I'm 9th prestige with all golden guns in Modern Warfare 1 for Xbox 360. In Modern Warfare 2 i'm 7th prestige for Xbox 360 as well.              Over the years I have been very disappointed with the Dualshock design. I feel that it is an outdated and obsolete design that is inferior to the Xbox 360 controller. I'm not with the group that thinks that the Dualshock may not be great for first person shooters, but \\"great for everything else\\". In my point of view, the Dualshock is inferior for every type of game. Everything about the Dualshock from the ergonomics to the button/stick layout to the disgraceful triggers, screams obsolete. As a result of my dissatisfaction with the Dualshock design, I have been desperately looking for an Xbox 360 clone for PS3.            The first time I tried an aftermarket PS3 controller was the Dreamgear Shadow Wireless controller. This controller was extremely comfortable, but it had one major flaw: dead zone. As as result of the dead zone, I found it to be worthless. The triggers weren't as good as the Xbox 360 triggers either.               The second time I tried an aftermarket controller was the Logitech cordless PS3 controller. Logitech made awesome wireless PS2 controllers. They were so awesome that I never went back to the original PS2 controller ever again. Too bad the same can not be said about the Logitech PS3 controller. Although I did not check for a dead zone on this one, this controller had one flaw that I will not forget: horrible triggers. Those trigger buttons are so horrible, and are so hard to push down that you will get blisters on your fingers if you use them for more than an hour.                 I then tried the Pro Elite controller. Despite what i've read about this controller, it does in fact have a dead zone. I experienced the dead zone while trying out the Pro Elite with Modern Warfare 1. Dead zones are unacceptable for first person shooters such as Call Of Duty.The porcupine grips on this controller are flat-out uncomfortable. Also, this controller would've been better if it would've been a tiny bit smaller size. This controller is a tiny bit bigger than the 360 controller. As for the triggers, they aren't springy enough. In my opinion, this controller is a complete waste of money.              In case you are wondering, A dead zone is something that occurs when you make extremely small fine adjustments while using the controller's sticks. For example, if you aim with a sniper rifle, and you want to move the crosshair just a tad left or right, then the controller will not respond at all to that tiny adjustment.            My guess is that there is something about how the PS3's Dualshock controller interacts with the PS3 that third party companies can not figure out, which is why these controllers always seem to have a dead zone. Sadly, I have resorted to sticking with the Dualshock for PS3 since dead zones are unacceptable.     Sony needs to jump into this generation, and basically clone the superior Xbox 360 controller. They should redesign the Dualshock. If Sony wanted they could sell the current version of the Dualshock along with the redesigned version. I guarantee you that the redesigned version would sell more. The Dualshock is the reason why I buy more games for my Xbox 360 than I do for my PS3.
142311339X|5.0|Maybe I only say its the best one yet because I was so friggin excited when I heard it was coming out! It definitely exceeded my expectations. BUY IT!!! (I finished it the day it came out!)
B000MKXEME|5.0|What hasn't been said about the film \\"Re-Animator\\" by now?  Cult classic status gained through a brilliantly done, well told and fleshed out plot makes \\"Re-Animator\\" a must see for anyone who's a fan of horror films and science fiction in general.  Stuart Gordon is known for translating short stories into horror films, and his results are usually a perfect blend between the original story and his own unique twist on the classical tales.  His specialty, however, is H.P. Lovecraft.  Using science (as Stuart Gordon and H.P. Lovecraft are both known for doing) the film provides great insight into human anatomy and how the brain works while still providing horrific scenes depicting rather unique and shocking visual concepts.  This film takes the idea of scientific experiments to a new level of grotesque and amazing heights that have yet to be matched and countered by other films within the sub genre.<br /><br />The movie begins by showing a college campus in Switzerland, the Zurich University Institute of Medicine.  Everything seems serene at the campus, until the screaming, and moaning, of a man is heard from within a locked classroom at the university.  A set of cops knock down the door to view local student Herbert West standing above a man who appears to be dying.  After a fit of rage and anger, the man (the professor at the university) dies in a scene of blood and gore.  Herbert is immediately accused of killing the man.  From here, the film cuts away to Massachusetts, showing a man by the name of Daniel Cane attempting to revive a woman inside a hospital.  He is criticized for his actions by his mentoring doctor stating that a good doctor must know when to quit.  As an intern in medical school, Dan must study the human body and his professor is an expert on the brain and theory of \\"brain death\\".  One day during class, a new student arrives.  It turns out to be Herbert West, the very man who was shown earlier in Switzerland.<br /><br />After viewing an add on the school board for a room for rent at Dan's house, Herbert takes up the offer and moves in with Dan immediately, despite the hesitation from Megan (Daniel's girlfriend and daughter of the Dean).  Herbert appears to be more excited by the home's basement than he is of his own room, and he asks for privacy from Daniel, a wish that Daniel respects, that is until the one day when his pet cat turns up missing.  Megan finds the dead cat stuffed inside a refrigerator inside Herbert's room.  Herbert states that the cat was dead when he got home and was hiding it from Dan until he was capable of telling him about the incident.  Megan believes that Herbert murdered the cat though.<br /><br />Later that night, while trying to sleep, Dan is awoken by a series of growls and crashes coming from inside the house.  In a state of panic, he flies out of bed and begins to search for the source of the sounds, only to discover they are coming from within the basement.  Upon entering the basement, he is greeted by the sight of Herbert fighting off an enraged and uncontrollable cat, the very cat that was dead a few hours beforehand.  Herbert reveals to Dan that he has mastered and conquered the concept of \\"brain death\\" and is actually capable of reviving the brain of a once living creature.  He talks Dan into helping him try out the serum on a human subject by gaining access to the morgue, and the movie takes a turn into truly shocking, gory, grotesque, yet mystifying scenes and twists guaranteed to stun the viewing audience, yet leave them wanting more.<br /><br />The film uses gore very effectively, never abusing it in unnecessary means simply to shock the viewer, instead it contributes quite nicely to the presentation and concept of the film.  Nudity is abundant, and \\"Re-Animator\\" is infamous for a scene depicting sexual acts between a naked woman and a dead man that occurs within the last few minutes of the film.  Overall, \\"Re-Animator\\" is nothing like any other horror film on the market.It's intriguing story, dark atmosphere and subject matter, and disturbing scenes make it truly unique.  All of the actors provide a great addition to the plot, and their on-screen chemistry is superb.  Stuart Gordon proves his knowledge of not only the horror genre of films, but also of great literary adaptations such as this adaptation of a classic H.P. Lovecraft tale.mosphere and subject matter, and disturbing scenes make it truly unique.  All of the actors provide a great addition to the plot, and their on-screen chemistry is superb.  Stuart Gordon proves his knowledge of not only the horror genre of films, but also of great literary adaptations such as this adaptation of a classic H.P. Lovecraft tale.
0446563048|5.0|As someone who  has been working in the corporate world since graduating college... this book breathes life into work! It is fun! authentic! genuine!      I have been searching for a book that has real life implications to inspire me.  I've passed this book onto many colleagues, and many way up in management.  Zappos and Tony should be the standard to which we all work.
B003J7HOKU|5.0|This album took a little while to grow on me, but now I can 100% say that it is the best album I've listened to in the last 5 years. Do yourself a HUGE favor and buy it, you won't regret it.
B003A03RRU|3.0|I can't link to the table of contents or go to a chapter other than in the order in which I read them. Other than that the book is fine.  a good read.  But, still, a pain in the neck by having to keep to the order the book was put together.
1596680296|4.0|Great book for beginners and all sock knitters.  It is a must as a reference book as are all of Ann Budd's books.
044654759X|5.0|I have read numerous Nicholas Sparks books and have loved virtually all of them. This book, however, was different than the others. I have no words other than AMAZING to describe this book. I had it on preorder for about 2 months before it came out and was very anxious and excited to receive it. Once I did receive it, I couldn't put it down. I would read until my eyes hurt because it was so hard to put down. I loved all the characters and their demeanors. The ending of this book literally sent chills up my spine, as it was an ending I did not expect. I found myself laying in bed after I finished it, thinking about it non stop. I was almost sad it was over. I would love it even more if this were another of his novels that became a movie. So, all in all, I have nothing negative to say about this book and will definitley be recommending it to others!
B003VSVWA0|5.0|Everything as described. CD and DVD in excellent condition. Very fast shipping. Would definetly buy from this seller again.
0316098337|4.0|Jack, a five year old boy, loves the only home he has ever known, a backyard shed which has been turned into a prison. He calls it Room. He was born there, plays and sleeps there, but NEVER leaves. He has only heard about the outside world from his mother and seen it on TV.    Ma was abducted when she was a nineteen year old college student; imprisoned, raped, and eventually gave birth to the only joy in her life, Jack.    This tender, but somewhat disturbing story, reveals the experience and varied emotions of victims of kidnapping, torture, imprisonment, and the eventual entrance to the outside world. But best of all, we read the story of a mother's love. 4 stars****
0399156577|1.0|I have read all of NR's books and have loved almost all of them. This one was way too long and nowhere near as good as her old stuff.    The characters are starting to all be the same. The ending was a let down. I couldnt wait to finish reading it. And not in a good way.
0765350386|4.0|I've been reading Robert Jordan for years and picked this up based on a recommendation from a friend while I wait for Sanderson to finish the Wheel of Time.  I read through it pretty quickly and enjoyed it quite a bit.<br /><br />The new magic system is incredibly creative and something I've never seen elsewhere, major plus.<br />Spoiler alert: Main characters actually die and aren't magically fine through everything. Another plus for me.<br />The story was fun and innovative, though there was a twist in it, the ending was rather predictable.<br /><br />All in all, well worth a read! Would definitely recommend it.
0312600844|1.0|I got the audiobook and listened well into chapter three. I coudn't stand it anymore and quit. Two words come to mind: Cartoonish and contrived. It's hard to believe this book has received such promotion. My recommendation: don't even bother with it.
B0013XS8A2|5.0|Mike Oldfield has created a musical work which transcends other music. As you are carried through the elegant sounds of the orchestra, there are bits and pieces of things you may have heard before. The way the work moves from theme to theme and back again makes all of it richer and more satisfying than anything you have ever heard before. The (French) Horn passages are as beautifully written and performed as any I have ever heard. The soprano lines are unforgettable in their pure high tone. The way the different instruments are showcased -  piano, guitar, harp, oboe, timpani, flute, strings and the amazing brass with all the perfect fifths - takes you to heavenly places one after the other. This has become my favorite piece of music. When I have to go for an hour drive, I take the cd with me. I have listened to it many times. It always uplifts me.
B003DKJ5ZU|4.0|Before I get too involved in the grown-up's analysis of the DVD, I think it makes sense to print the (unedited) review as written by my seven-year-old daughter:    \\"Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue was one of the best moives I saw.  Because I Love Fairys and tinker bell and her Freinds are very pretty.  but if you don't like Fairys I'ts not a good moive For you.\\"  (She gave it 5 stars!)    Basically, her review is dead on.  For girls in the 2 to 10 set, this is the kind of DVD that just can't be beat.  I mean, after all, who doesn't like fairies?  Magic, fairy dust, flying!  And don't forget action--the kind where no one is in any real danger of getting hurt.  And even though you may not know who Bridgit Mendler is or why she came out with a new song, your kids will know and they'll want to hear it and see the video. And even as parents, it is eminently watchable--Disneyesque, but never too cloying.  On the whole, this is a fine addition to your collection for home movie night.    But being a nit-picky adult, I have to shed light on some of my reservations.  This is solid enough entertainment for a casual family viewing, but it's not premiere Disney animation.  The computer rendered characters are a little plasticky in quality.  There is reasonable attention to detail, but nothing like you're used to seeing in those big hits that reach the movie theaters.  You see the deficits mostly in the lack of nuance in the characters, lack of completely natural motion (these characters are a little robotic), and sparse backgrounds that don't move so much with the action or are lacking detail.     I guess the release on Blu-ray is more of a marketing thing, because the number of pixels rendered on DVD--even in standard definition--is more than enough given the quality of the work here.  (I say this after watching this on a 22 inch monitor and a standard definition TV screen and not appreciating much difference.  This may not be true when the images are rendered on a ginormous HDTV screen.  Maybe there the Blu-ray would help...)     As to the plot....    [For those of you who have missed the extended Tinker Bell series read on.  For those who have been following the new adventures of Tinker Bell, feel free to skip to the next paragraph.  Tinker Bell, the somewhat cantankerous and jealous (but in the end good-hearted) side kick of Peter Pan, has been hijacked by a new generation of Disney animators and gets a new back story.  The Tink' of the new movies is a recently hatched fairy who is a softened version of her hand animated predecessor.  Her lines are a little softer as is her personality.  Taking her name to the extremes the new Tinker Bell is cast as a `tinker fairy.'  Tinkers are the somewhat-less-than-glamorous fix-it fairies who create and repair fairy machinery. (Yes.  There is fairy machinery.)  Tinker Bell is not only an expert tinker, she also has a compassionate and curious side that always seems to get her into trouble. Oh, and remember that interactions between fairies and humans are verboten--we're not supposed to know that the parallel fairy world even exists...]    So the plot, if you will, involves Tinker Bell meeting up with a little girl named Lizzy.  Lizzy visits the country with her father over the summer.  But rather than spending time with his daughter, Lizzy's father--an ambitious young naturalist--spends his time trying to collect new samples of butterflies and put together scientific talks to further his career.  Lizzy, an ardent believer in fairies, is lonely and really needs a friend.  So when Lizzy puts her handmade fairy house in the garden in hopes of meeting a real fairy, Tink' can't resist.  Tinker Bell's friends believe that Tink has been captured.  Enter a fairy rescue mission and a fairy-hungry cat and the plot thickens.      There is some kind of moral in all of this.  Maybe something about believing in yourself.  Or following your dreams.  Or paying more attention to what matters in life.  Or.... or....  Oh, heck, you get the picture.  There's something there, but it's never quite fleshed out.     But then again, none of that really matters. There's a reason that this one was never destined for the big screen, but it's still fun to watch.  Younger children (especially girls) will adore this movie, older children will be okay with watching it, and as parents you won't be wowed or awed, but you won't mind watching either.    As to the extras, they're the same on the DVD and the Blu-ray.  Oddly, there is no added value on the Blu-ray, other than higher screen resolution and the technological hype.    The previews are the usual onslaught of Disney advertising propaganda.  The major focus is the extended commercial for Tangled--Disney's new animated take on Rapunzel.  Bridget Mender's music video was a hit for the kids.  (I still don't know why, and that's why they'll never trust anyone over 30.)  The Design a Fairy House and Fairy Field Guide games are the usual, slow DVD type (think `boring') computer games that were high technology in the late 90's but are now severely dated.  My seven year old was interested in trying them but grew tired of them pretty quickly.  The deleted scenes (some without complete animation) are very short, but give you a little insight into the movie making process.  These will keep parents somewhat entertained, but don't be surprised if the kids start snoring.     So as it turns out, this one makes the grade for home movie night. Whether you should buy or rent is really a personal choice.  This is one of those movies that I believe the kids will watch again and again.  It is also a good choice for the car DVD collection.  Still, unless you are a Tinker-Bell-Collection collector or really have a hankering for the latest made-for-DVD movie from Disney, you may want to (at very least) try before you buy.
B003XOAJ6K|5.0|The 2010 digital release of the 1988 release of \\"Big Thing\\" is phenomenal and ranks right up there with the \\"Rio\\" re-release.  I never was that crazy about the original title track, but the 12\\" remix of \\"Big Thing\\" (never publicly released until now) is full of intense beats and plenty of Nick Rhodes' inimitable keyboard hooks.  The \\"Big Thing\\" remix simply rocked the whole album and was a great lead-in to the big hit of \\"I Don't Want Your Love\\".  The soulful ballads of \\"Too Late Marlene\\", \\"Do You Believe In Shame?\\", and \\"Palomino\\" simply sound so revitalized under the the digital production.  My least favorite track of \\"The Edge of America\\" even sounded better than the original.  For the plus sides of the album, you cannot go wrong with the \\"Big Thing\\" (12\\" version), the Big Mix of \\"I Don't Want Your Love\\", and of course, the multitude of mixes of \\"All She Wants Is\\" will get your house rockin'!  Excellent edition in the DD series of digital re-releases!  Enjoy!
0399536108|5.0|This book is an excellent book based at looking how you can best maximize your existence in the world. It shows that life is too short to do things because it is what is expected of you or because you are too afraid to do what you really want to do. It dares you to dream and not only dream but to action on your dreams. A must-have book!
0529064847|5.0|I purchase this as a gift for an elderly gentlemen who was using an outdated bible.  The bible arrived in excellent condition.  I am totally satisfied with Amazon and the vendor.
006016848X|5.0|This book gives amazing insight to both men and women. Women will understand the tendencies of men and men will understand the tendencies of women. Anyone in a relationship will benefit from reading this book.
B003XRZZFM|2.0|Dimmu Borgir have become one of the biggest bands in extreme metal. I say extreme metal because they have lost so much of their black metal sound in doing this album. Extreme it is but good it is not. I understand they want to be ambitious with the album and its their music so do as they want. But they have taken their type of music to an extreme that is a serious let down. I was not expecting In Sorti Diaboli part 2 with this record. But I was not expecting an album that is so lack luster that every single song just bleeds into the next, creating a very boring and uneventfull album. They only way I was able to find this album even remotely listenable was to listen to it on random play on my cd player to break up the drone from song to song. I find it interesting that they dont list writters credits for the music on this album and that is a first since they fired Mustis. The one thing I will say positive about the band--but not to the album--is that I am so glad Snowy Shaw left the band. His vocal style DOES NOT fit or belong in the band and it is once again another let down to hear it on the album. Dimmu's biggest mistake was firing ICX Vortex. His vocals have been a staple for over a decade with the band. Why should I want someone to sound like him on this album??? Because he has THE best clean vocals that this band could have ever wished for. They had it but they had to let it go. It seems that Shagrath has taken over the band as his pompous attitude in interviews is redicously obvious on the album. Sorry guys, Septic Flesh did this album almost 3 years ago with Communion, and they did it better than you did. I will give the band credit in that no one can make a masterpiece everytime they write an album. But having said that, with all that has been said and done, if they truly believe this is a great album, I will stick with the older catalogue and look for a band that has not lost itself to listen to. I have--and so have all the other Dimmu fans--waited almost 5 years for this album. In this time you would think they would have been able to come up with something better than this. I can't blame them in their direction of this album but the choir and symphony drown the band out. They admitted to lowering the drum and guitar volume to have the choir and symphony stand out more. Doing this for a concert I can see, but not for an album. This is by far the weakest album they have done, ever. Too bad Emperor broke up!!!years for this album. In this time you would think they would have been able to come up with something better than this. I can't blame them in their direction of this album but the choir and symphony drown the band out. They admitted to lowering the drum and guitar volume to have the choir and symphony stand out more. Doing this for a concert I can see, but not for an album. This is by far the weakest album they have done, ever. Too bad Emperor broke up!!!
B002VECMAE|3.0|This film has everything going for it - some of the best actors in the business (especially George Clooney and Ewan McGregor, but also Jeff Bridges in \\"Dude\\" mode for most of the film), a nifty idea, and the opportunity for wicked satire while posing as a slapstick comedy.  Although parts of the film deliver, overall it will likely fade from memory as a distant also-ran to Dr. Strangelove and M*A*S*H in the war-satire department.    It didn't have to be this way.  The original story/book is about a true research initiative by the army (in the early 1980s) to study the feasibility of using psychic powers to create a unit of psychic warriors (\\"Jedi\\") who defeat their enemies with the power of the mind (and thus negating the need to actually fight and kill).  This story is transplanted into a journey into Iraq by a former member of the unit (Lyn, played by Clooney) and a journalist hunting for the story (Bob, played by McGregor).  It turns out (according to the film, at least) that the only lasting legacy of the Jedi program was the development of new torture devices to break the will of captured enemies without using physical force.  In one particularly dark sequence, the \\"Barney music\\" torture method of constantly blasting repetative children's songs at prisoners is shown.  But by far the best and most memorable part of the film is the extended sequence where Bob, Lyn, and an Iraqi are kidnapped by local bandits, and eventually end up in the middle of a shootout between the private armies of two American contractors.    Thus, all the elements are there for a top-notch satire.  Unfortunately, the script takes the idea of the Jedi's powers too seriously (in my opinion) and thus concentrates too long on the flashback sequences.  Even this method could have worked, if the story had been one of redemption for Col. Bill Django (Bridges) - who was dishonourably discharged from a unit charged with finding non-violent means to resolve conflict but who eventually applied his knowledge to help develop torture methods.  But Jeff Bridges is not as big a star as Clooney and McGregor, so the opportunity is lost.    There are some extras on the DVD, the most interesting is the audio commentary by the author of the original book.  He provides a lot of added background information (acknowledging that in a film, multiple people are often condensed into one character).  But overall the extras are similar to the film, fun while they last but ultimately forgettable.  It's a shame, because this film could have been great.
0061537969|4.0|I always enjoy an easy read, especially when the story is written well. I won't talk about the details of the book since there are so many reviews on here but I came to love the main characters and got invested in the plot. Warning - you might need a few tissues toward the end. I got a little bored with the racing talk but that's only because I didn't have a real interest in it to begin with but it doesn't take away from the book. Definitely recommend if you need an easy book to get into.
0312600844|2.0|I am listening to the CD in the car. I am 3/4 thru this novel.     I am shocked to see so many good reviews. I give it 2 stars at the most. I don't even want to finish it but am forcing myself to for want of a great ending.     The two stars are mainly for human insight and for the one or two times I laughed. Otherwise I find myself not even listening and then I have to repeat the misery.
0312370849|5.0|I was moved and touched by the story of Sarah and the life she lived during the holocaust.  The story was beautifully written and moving.  I am very interested in stories written during WWII and this was also educational regarding what occurred outside of Germany to other Jewish families that survived horrific treatment.  It was also interesting to see it through the children's perspective and although it was very much fictionalized, I think the story was very much based on fact.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|Oh boy I love this movie! I understood this movie in so many ways. Basically, Tom falls in love with a woman named, Summer. He doesn't understand why she doesn't love him back, but he still goes through a roller coaster crazy ride of a fake relationship with her when she allows him to,  that on Summers part seems some-what forced. The whole time tom and Summer spent together she in some way steers him back on his journey of his true passion, architecting a once forsaken talent Tom had put aside. One day when Summer invited Tom to some party he soon finds out that Summer was in engaged! It broke his heart, Summer broke his heart for the final time. After a couple days of eating twinkies and drinking Tom goes back to his boring job as a card writer and in a meeting he finally lets his feelings of love for summer go and his heart break shows. Tom then quits his boring job, he then starts back to practicing his artchitecting and soon applies for a new job. Then on the day of his job interview Tom sits at his favorite spot at the park,Guess who shows up?, Summmer. She talks to him about how she found love and how tom wasn't the one for her, but never tells him why she dragged his heart through the mud.  Tom as a bit of closure. Now he is off to his interview and while he sits down he meets a young lady who is appling for the same postion. Conclustion: Tom had to go through Summer to get to Autumn! Watch the movie and you will understand.
0345509617|2.0|just got it, my first look through it's that the book is poorly designed, cheaply printed and body texts (Goudy Font for body copy is not a good choice) are too small (Set at 9 points or smaller) to read. However, if you're a fan, the new materials and scrapping the bottom of barrel photos are worth it, but overall quality didn't meet my expectations. I also ordered [[ASIN:0981805620 Conversations with Marlon Brando: Lawrence Grobel]] with this purchase, much more engrossing book about film making and life, beautifully printed too.
0091936152|5.0|I had heard about McDonald's book through a network of very saavy business professionals.  We had exchanged opinions on what caused Bear and Lehman to collapse so spectacularly providing the sparks that nearly destroyed our banking system.  Lawrence McDonald does an outstanding job of framing the larger picture of what led up to the debacle as well as pertinent details to bring the reader on to the trading floor with the best analytical business minds of their time.  For anyone aspiring to the highest levels of Wall Street financial companies, this is essential reading to gain insight into the thinking and pressures of work at this level.  As an MBA, this was a staggeringly brutal summation of failure with lessons for all.  Great read!
B00328R21C|5.0|We really like this set because you get young Luke, Old Obi-Wan, R2-D2, C-3PO, and a storm trooper.  It's a great set, very easy to build, and very sturdy.  R2-D2 can ride sideways in the back, which isn't strictly how it's done in the movie, but at least he gets to ride along.<br /><br />We bought it at a major retailer (starts with W) for $19, why is amazon selling it for twice that?
B000FP2OPY|5.0|This season was sent to us in great condition and in great time. My roommate and I love it!
B001US29I2|5.0|Sometimes with LEGO Star Wars, you have to buy multiple sets to be able to \\"act out\\" a battle scene.  The ice planet of Hoth comes to mind.  Set 8038 has the entire set in the box, plus a lot of minifigs.  You get:<br /><br />camo Leia<br />2 camo troopers<br />3 ewoks<br />Han<br />Chewie<br />3 imperial soldiers<br /><br />There are a lot of gizmos to build.  You build a speeder, a catapult, a small walker (with opening), and a set of flying wings (for ewoks).  The structure has moving parts, swing out sides, and blast doors that roll open and shut.  It's very cool and fun to build.  Some of the panels on the structures are problematical and don't want to stay in place.  We have found that you need a dedicated surface in your house to be the \\"ground\\" for this Lego set, because if you move the structure too much, it disintegrates.  This is the kind of set my son builds and plays with on and off for about a month, then he packs it into ziplock bags and puts it away.  For him, the biggest fun is starting over and building it from the ground up.  He's 8.<br /><br />Shop around.  We got ours at a big box store (starts with Tar) for 90 dollars.<br /><br />** Update -- We used this set to act out a LEGO version of the poem \\"The Highwayman.\\"  I'll upload some photos into \\"Customer Images.\\"
B003XMUFGQ|1.0|I pre-ordered figuring i couldn't go wrong with Clapton.  Boy was i wrong.  I note one review saying what's next Pat Boone classics etc.?   This album got played once, and ended up in the garbage.  And i'm a Clapton fan, have been since Yardbird days etc.   Anyway, don't waste your money.   Susan Boyle probably has a better CD than this.
B003DZX44I|5.0|When I found out that beauty and the beast was to be released on blu-ray, I was excited. My children were excited as well, even though they are teenagers, they remember watching this film as toddlers and loving it. We bought it, and watched it that weekend.    I was in awe of the beauty of the restoration. If your blu-ray player is set up right, with HDMI cables and an HDTV, there is no reason this edition should not look absolutely stunning. The picture quality is perfect, the colors are vibrant, yet natural, and it's hard to pay attention to the film when the beauty of the restoration is immaculate! But, by the time the family had finished the film, we knew we had a great time.    No matter what version you watch this in, you are bound to have a great movie time as a family. But watching it on blu-ray was beyond my greatest expectations. It made a remarkable story even more beautiful, which I always thought impossible.     Overall, 5 stars for an excellent film and version of the film in blu-ray.
B003NX6ZDC|5.0|I like this album. At first I was not impressed, but I listened it few more times and liked it more and more each time I listen. Crossfire, Only the Young, Magdalena and Swallow It are my favorites. I have all of The Killers albums, but I found Flamingo better/more mature than any of them, although there is certainly a space for Brandon to get better.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|One of the great movies with a very mobile plot and great characters. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. The scenery is fascinating and hard to imagine trying to live there. I have re-watched this film over and over and never get tired of looking at it. Love the sound track for the boy. Great love story as a side to an epic story. Recommended for all you movie buffs.
B0043X7WLA|5.0|I had respected him for a long time for his multi-instrumental abilities and his knack for intimate yet still universal song-writing, but his music was missing something for me. Fans of 'Enjoy Your Rabbit' should hear a slight return to those days but combined, I feel in the perfect amount, with his states series orchestrations. I was completely pleased.
B000SGGUWS|3.0|This book is full of mystery,secrets, and drama but i defiantly wouldn't recomend this book to younger readers whatsoever. Teens, watch out because this may be a little too much for your age because it includes smoking and other innapropriet things. good story line though. :]
B003A4IFDW|4.0|From her start in music at age 16 in Detroit, and after years of mid-level R&B and disco singles, LaVette boosted her stature with her searing rendition of the Who's \\"Love, Reign o'er Me\\" at the fall 2008 Kennedy Center Honors show at which Peter Townshend and Roger Daltrey were honorees.  Just one month later, she dueted with Jon Bon Jovi on \\"A Change Is Gonna Come\\" at President Obama's inauguration ceremony, a performance which generated a lot of interest in this soulful 64-year-old.  The widely anticipated Interpretations doesn't disappoint.  LaVette tackles Brit-rock classics by the Beatles, Traffic, the Animals, Led Zeppelin, George Harrison, Pink Floyd, Ringo Starr, Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones, the Moody Blues, Eric Clapton, Elton John, and the Who.  Her voice is scratchy, weatherbeaten, and cracked - and gives more character to these songs than they ever had in their original recordings.  The stirring finale, the \\"Love, Reign o'er Me\\" excerpt from the aforementioned Kennedy Center Honors show, is an inspiring close to an album from a woman completely unafraid to take chances.
0345404475|3.0|Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep is one of those rare works where the movie that is based on the book (Blade Runner) is actually better than the book. This book is decent enough, but it never really pulled me in.    The world is in a post-apocalyptic state as a result of a nuclear war. Many animals have become extinct or are rare so just owning one is highly desirable, not just because of the rarity but also because of the emotional attachment. Some humans, like the protagonist Rick Deckard, have problems affording a real animal so they go for an electrical equivalent, but owning one (if you're found out) is frowned upon and worse yet there's no real emotional attachment between the animal and human. Able-humans are encouraged to emigrate off of Earth, though some refuse. The promise if you emigrate is that you will receive an 'andy' or android robot. Some andy's are emigrating back to Earth because they no longer want to serve humans. The problem is they are very hard to tell apart from humans so bounty hunters like Rick Deckard make it a mission to 'retire' them. Deckard is awarded $1,000.00 for each retired andy. The most reliable way to distinguish humans from andys is to administer the 'Voight-Kampff' test, which tests empathy. Since andy's aren't humans their empathetic readings differ. Retiring andy's starts to become a moral issue for Deckard.    This is all a great setup and right in the beginning I was hooked. The problem is that this book starts with a bang, but it quickly fizzles into somewhat weak prose. I never felt attached to any of the characters and many of the moments that were supposed to be exciting, including the climax of the book, just fell flat for me. It was like going to Denny's when you're craving a real steak dinner. Sure, it might be edible and taste fine enough, but it just doesn't 'hit the spot'.    This is a breeze of a book and it's certainly not terrible, it just wasn't wholey satisfying for me. I still recommend checking it out.
0553805371|5.0|Excellent publication.    Clear and concise thinking.    Will cause ruffled feathers in several commerical organizations.
0452295548|4.0|A great little book and easy read filled with lots of first-hand information.  I now have a much better understanding of the personal effects of stroke.  I recommemd it to anyone that knows someone who has had a stroke, or is just wanting to know more than text book info.
B0039Q7QKE|5.0|This a really well made costume piece that I am sure I will enjoy for years to come. It is a little smaller than they appear on television though.
B003WSFXKY|5.0|I heard Carlos was collaborating on another album and couldn't wait to hear the results. I loved Supernatural and this one is just as good. Being an oldtime rocker and metal head of sorts, I just love guitar work. I was not thrilled with the cover of AC/DC's Back In Black, but the rest is smokin'!!! Thanks again Carlos; you are a true guitar hero!!!!
B003KYMCY0|5.0|glad i saw this winner from foreigner. excellent album!- not a song on here i don't like. i especially like \\"ready\\". has become a mantra for me for the changes i'm trying to make in my life right now. very motivating, uplifting and encouraging song. this is a very good start for a comeback as i hope to see more foreigner albums in the future- they're still making great music!
B003Y5H4SO|4.0|M. Night's Back in the game in his tale of evil whacking the passengers of Elevator Six of a Philadelphia high rise building.    Beginning with the mysterious suidicde from the 35th floor, Detective Bowden (Julie and Julia's Chris Messina) is dragooned to become a sinister force's latest audience as it picks off an ecclectic passengers of express elevator six and to defining the metaphysics of evil after his family's killing at the hands of a hit-and-run driver.    From the disorienting opening sequence to the final narration by Jacob Vargas' Ramirez, M. Night continues to bring his audience through the screen to his world with clarity and stregnth reminding us why we go to the movies.  Devil's plot races forward like a controlled explosion, never boring the audience (which, when I saw it, was me.)  And while the tale may seem tired, the presentation was not.    I enjoyed Mr. Messina and the Elevator Cast's performances.  The terror for the passengers is felt clearly with each time the lights go out and the reactions become more and more irrational and hysterical, just as it would become for any of us trapped in similar circumstances.  Mr. Messina's detective follows a clear path from logic to faith which inspires those who have none.  I enjoyed his journey and his presence in this picture.  I last saw him in Julie and Julia and dismissed his performance in favor of his co-stars.  However, after Devil, I will watch more carefully for anything with him in it.    The onion peel, when the connections within the elements of a story unravel to reveal something, was executed routinely but brilliantly.  Even I, a jaded film watcher, was surprised when the core came out.  This is the mark of a great writer, as M Night is, despite Hollywood's need to define greatness with financial success.      Bravo, guys!!  This one's a keeper!!
B003DT19F0|5.0|Fair price and good service as always with Amazon.   The grand kids really enjoy it, over a nd over and over...
039397751X|5.0|Not only did I receive my purchase in a timely manner, but I also found the book to be in excellent condition and exactly what I asked for. Thanks!
0307593525|5.0|I loved these books. They look beautiful both individually and in their case. And, most important, they are really wonderful cook books. I consider myself a good cook and with a certain experience, and these recipes have not disappointed me. And they are SO detailed that they do not leave space to doubts that some times arise even when you know how to cook (e.g. \\"should I in this case leave the preparation boiling covered, uncovered or partially covered?\\"); well, all this points are very clear. In a couple of weeks I've prepared plenty of the recipes, from asparagus soup, onion soup, vanilla souffle, quiche lorraine, braised beef, chicken \\"a la ancienne\\", strawberry tart, pear tart... in general all the recipes are \\"time intensive\\", even the soup may demand two-hours work, but they are really worth it, believe me. They are also not exactly \\"fat free\\", butter and egg yolks are usual ingredients, but as Julia says: \\"small portions, no seconds, no snacking... enjoy and bon appetit!!\\"... I enjoy them with no gilt!!
0393976041|5.0|Not only did I receive my purchase in a timely manner, but I also found the book to be in excellent condition and exactly what I asked for. Thanks!
1401922732|5.0|All Doreen Virtue's Oracle cards are excellent meditation complements. Used separately or combined, they provide loving and thoughtful words of advice every time.
0393960188|5.0|Not only did I receive my purchase in a timely manner, but I also found the book to be in excellent condition and exactly what I asked for. Thanks!
B003PIUBZS|5.0|If you like your viewing full of blood, sex and gore, then Spartacus is the show for you. I absolutely loved it. Great story, hot bodies and some fantastic action sequences. If you get queasy at the sight of blood, this is not the show for you.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|I'm and old school Star Wars fan and these are pretty good!  At first I was hesitant to even watch an episode but I ended up buying the whole series based upon the reviews on this site.  The DVDs arrived in the mail and I didn't open them for a few months since I was busy with work, family, etc.  When I finally watched the first episode, I was hooked!  These 20-25 minute episodes are surprisingly entertaining even for an old guy who still remembers watching the original Star Wars film at the drive-in.  If you watch these episodes with an open mind and don't expect the same effects as the original trilogy you will enjoy them.  I have purchased series 2 and look forward to watching them soon.
030726999X|4.0|While the first book was slow to start, this series is GREAT. Love the twists and turns, love the chemistry between characters.
0307454541|5.0|I got this book in mint condition for a lot less than what I would have got it for in the stores. AND....the book itself is phenomenal. I can't put it down. If you like mysteries this is the book for you.
1416905014|5.0|I ordered 11 used Cinderella and not all were good. Some were better buys than others.  All in all I was pleased with getting the books so in expensively.
B003L77TZI|5.0|This is a great CD, I love all the songs and have become a Katie Perry fan for sure!
0689853637|5.0|I liked all the used books I ordered for they were in very, very good condition.
B0019HQIGS|4.0|AWESOME PERFORMANCE! He is truely a gifted musician. But seriously, I can't stand it when they start talking about their lives, or try to make a joke. He is no comedian, and i dont care about his love life. 5 stars if he had just performed.
B0001I562I|5.0|I remember really enjoying this movie when it first came out. We've watched so many animated movies lately that it was time to watch live action again. My kids, ages 6 and 11, had never watched Flight of the Navigator. When I showed them the box, they were not impressed. \\"Is it animated?\\" \\"No.\\" \\"Yuk.\\" I said, \\"Give it a try.\\" They were not excited at all to watch it but as soon as it started, they didn't want me to turn it off. It kept them happy til the end when they said, \\"Is it over already?\\"<br /><br />It is a fun family movie, set in the late eighties. David, the main character and the navigator is great and plays his role well. The spaceship's robotic character, Max, is funny, witty and insightful.<br /><br />My kids really liked this and it is a great movie to watch as an adult too.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|This is one of THE best albums I've gotten my hands on in a very long time.  Absolutely amazing, passionate, and refreshing.  I review many products, however I  never review music, but I couldn't stand not giving this one the credit it so deserves.  You'll want to listen to it over and over.  Enjoy!
0446563048|5.0|Tony Hsieh (pronounced \\"shay\\") became a multimillionaire in 1998, at age 24, by selling his first internet start-up firm to Microsoft for $265 million. Then he sold his online shoe retailer Zappos to Amazon in 2009 for $1.2 billion. This personable entrepreneur may sound like an enthusiastic cheerleader, but clearly he knows a lot about making a business grow and he's worked hard to learn a lot about happiness. His vision encompasses a distinctive brand, a pipeline for developing talent and a creative corporate culture, all built on collegial fun and customer service. getAbstract recommends this entertaining book. Hsieh details some of the secrets of his success, including how he and his team (a hard working crew whose surnames he never mentions) made Zappos so strong. Hsieh sees \\"delivering happiness\\" as a philosophy anyone can apply to business and all other areas of life (while wearing good shoes, of course).
B004498KPU|5.0|No one can dispute Michael Jackson's dominance over pop music and his far reaching influence; music, dance, fashion, video, humanitarianism, generosity -- he was at the forefront of it all and remains unmatched.  Like any true legend, even in death, MJ continues to be a force of creativity and inspiration to millions.  And now, finally, his revolutionary short films are available for all to own and enjoy on DVD, and I for one, am thrilled!<br /><br />I've been looking forward to this DVD box set ever since Michael died.  It doesn't take a genius or clairvoyant to know we're in store for many wonderful projects to come, headlining the King of Pop.  Some call this opportunistic; bleeding MJ fans for money.  But I don't see it that way -- the estates and legacies of Elvis, Marilyn Monroe, James Dean, etc. continue to live on with various merchandising deals, and so too, will MJ.  He has MORE than earned his place in history, and I for one, look forward to all that's yet to come.  In the meantime, I scoured the internet for rare gems like \\"Ghosts\\" and the controversial prison version of the video \\"They Don't Care About Us.\\"  But the quality of the unofficial footage out there is pretty terrible, so I'm really excited to finally own all these great masterpieces, fully restored and re-mastered to look and sound better than ever before!  With over 40 videos totaling 4.5 hours of wall to wall MJ, and 10 previously unreleased short films, this is the one and only, truly definitive MJ collection on DVD to date.<br /><br />I only hope that someday, they also release this on a USB flash drive, like they did for [[ASIN:B00332GA8I THIS IS IT (USB)]].  I have that one on both Blu-Ray and USB (which I transferred to my hard drive) and I really enjoy having the video file on my computer for fast and easy access.  If I want to sit and watch the whole movie, I pop in the Blu-Ray; if I just want to watch a particular moment or song on impulse, then I simply click on the video file on my computer and instantly go to the song I want.  It's really awesome to be able to do that, so I hope they release something similar for Michael Jackson's Vision on USB.  I would love to have the same instant access to all MJ's videos just sitting there on my computer hard drive!  Who needs DVDs; they're so yesterday!  But they are ideal for archiving, which is exactly what makes this DVD so special.  I consider owning this treasured collection to be the same as possessing personal mementos and photos of my own life; both are part of my past and conjure fond memories, yet remain as real and alive today as when I first experienced them.<br /><br />Speaking of archives, it's worth mentioning that Michael's \\"Thriller\\" short film is the one and only music video to ever be inducted into the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress; an honor bestowed on only a handful of films to date, and MJ is the only musician to receive such an honor.<br /><br />Along with all the great videos, both classic and unreleased, this box set comes with a 60 page glossy collector's book featuring the King of Pop; adding yet another treasure to enjoy along with the DVDs themselves.  This is truly, a one of a kind box set that any fan will be proud to own.  And it's a fitting tribute to such a rare and special man.<br /><br />Here's the complete track list of these awesome DVD's and their short film masterpieces:<br /><br />DISC 1<br /><br />1 - Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough (4:12)<br />Director: Nick Saxton<br /><br />2 - Rock With You (3:22)<br />Director: Bruce Gowers<br /><br />3 - She's Out of My Life (3:35)<br />Director: Bruce Gowers<br /><br />4 - Billie Jean (4:54)<br />Director: Steve Barron<br /><br />5 - Beat It (4:57)<br />Director: Bob Giraldi<br /><br />6 - Thriller (13:42)<br />Director: John Landis (little more need be said about this one, but it co-starred Ola Ray, and was famously voiced over by Vincent Price.)<br /><br />7 - Bad (18:05)<br />Director: Martin Scorsese (co-starring Wesley Snipes)<br /><br />8 - The Way You Make Me Feel (9:24)<br />Director: Joe Pytka (with a cameo by La Toya Jackson)<br /><br />9 - Man In the Mirror (5:03)<br />Director: Don Wilson<br /><br />10 - Dirty Diana (5:05)<br />Director: Joe Pytka<br /><br />11 - Smooth Criminal (9:27)<br />Director: Colin Chilvers<br /><br />12 - Another Part of Me (4:45)<br />Director: Patrick T. Kelly<br /><br />13 - Speed Demon (10:08)<br />Director: Will Vinton<br /><br />14 - Come Together (5:40)<br />Director: Jerry Kramer & Colin Chilvers<br /><br />15 - Leave Me Alone (4:36)<br />Director: Jim Blashfield and Paul Diener<br /><br />16 - Liberian Girl (5:34)<br />Director: Jim Yukich(featuring VIRTUALLY EVERYONE important, hip and happening in Hollywood at the time: dedicated to Elizabeth Taylor and featuring Steven Spielberg, John Travolta, Paula Abdul and waaaaaaay too many others to mention. There's even a cute moment with Weird Al Yankovic who used to spoof MJ!  Fun! And shows what clout MJ had to get all those big names.)<br /><br />Total Disc 1:  1hr 52min<br /><br />DISC 2<br /><br />1 - Black or White (11:01)<br />Director: John Landis (with Macaulay Culkin, George Wendt and a small bit featuring Tyra Banks)<br /><br />2 - Remember The Time (9:16)<br />Director: John Singleton (co-starring Eddie Murphy, Iman and Magic Johnson)<br /><br />3 - In the Closet (6:05)<br />Director: Herb Ritts (co-starring Naomi Campbell)<br /><br />4 - Jam (7:59)<br />Director: David Nelson (co-starring Michael Jordan)<br /><br />5 - Heal The World (7:32)<br />Director: Joe Pytka<br /><br />6 - Give In To Me (5:29)<br />Director: Andy Morahan<br /><br />7 - Who Is It (6:34)<br />Director: David Fincher<br /><br />8 - Will You Be There (5:55)<br />Director: Vincent Paterson (Theme from the movie Free Willy)<br /><br />9 - Gone Too Soon (3:38)<br />Director: Bill DiCicco (Dedicated to Ryan White, who, before he died, spoke about how much it meant to him that MJ would get in a hot tub with him back when people wouldn't even touch a person with HIV/AIDS.)<br /><br />10 - Scream (4:47)<br />Director: Mark Romanek (co-starring the impeccable Janet Jackson!)<br /><br />11 - Childhood (4:29)<br />Director: Nicholas Brandt (Theme from the movie Free Willy 2)<br /><br />12 - You Are Not Alone (5:34)<br />Director: Wayne Isham (with Lisa Marie Presley)<br /><br />13 - Earth Song (6:44)<br />Director: Nicholas Brandt (WOW!! This is the one Joe Jackson proudly called his all time favorite MJ song!)<br /><br />14 - They Don't Care About Us (7:08)<br />Director: Spike Lee<br /><br />15 - Stranger In Moscow (5:33)<br />Director: Nicholas Brandt<br /><br />16 - Blood On The Dance Floor (5:27)<br />Director: Michael Jackson & Vincent Patterson<br /><br />17 - Ghosts (3:58)<br />Director: Stan Winston (featuring MJ in a great disguise!! Allegedly spoofing the Santa Barbara DA)<br /><br />18 - You Rock My World (13:30)<br />Director: Paul Hunter (co-starring Chris Tucker from Rush Hour!  AND none other than Academy Award Winner, Marlon Brando!)<br /><br />19 - Cry (4:57)<br />Director: Nick Brandt (a really nice lost gem of a song and video)<br /><br />Total Disc 2: 2hrs 5min<br /><br />DISC 3 (Bonus Features)<br /><br />1 - Blame It On the Boogie - The Jacksons (3:32)<br /><br />2 - Enjoy Yourself - The Jacksons (3:31)<br /><br />3 - Can You Feel It - The Jacksons (9:37)<br /><br />4 - Say Say Say - Paul McCartney & Michael Jackson (4:57)<br />Director: Bob Giraldi<br /><br />5 - They Don't Care About Us - Prison version (4:52)<br />Director: Spike Lee<br /><br />6 - Why? - 3T (Tito's kids' band) featuring Michael Jackson (4:33)<br /><br />7 - One More Chance - previously unreleased (4:03)<br /><br />Total Disc 3: 35min<br /><br />That's quite a collection of short films!  The only one really missing is Disney's Captain EO!  Which BTW, had the help of none other than George Lucas.  No other artist in history has worked with so many top A-List people intheir videos.  Only Michael could reach such a wide spectrum, break down all barriers and make something like that happen.  The man remains a rare and special anomaly.  Bravo Michael!<br /><br />Bottom Line -- if you're a fan of Michael Jackson, then you can't go wrong with this beautiful DVD box set.  And it's even reasonably priced, considering who it is and all that's on here!  I know this is something I'll treasure forever.  The words \\"special\\" and \\"genius\\" are bandied about far too freely, but in this instance, the man truly lives up to the meaning of those words, and then some!  Thank you Michael, for all you have given, and continue to give us all.<br /><br />MJ Forever!hot tub with him back when people wouldn't even touch a person with HIV/AIDS.)<br /><br />10 - Scream (4:47)<br />Director: Mark Romanek (co-starring the impeccable Janet Jackson!)<br /><br />11 - Childhood (4:29)<br />Director: Nicholas Brandt (Theme from the movie Free Willy 2)<br /><br />12 - You Are Not Alone (5:34)<br />Director: Wayne Isham (with Lisa Marie Presley)<br /><br />13 - Earth Song (6:44)<br />Director: Nicholas Brandt (WOW!! This is the one Joe Jackson proudly called his all time favorite MJ song!)<br /><br />14 - They Don't Care About Us (7:08)<br />Director: Spike Lee<br /><br />15 - Stranger In Moscow (5:33)<br />Director: Nicholas Brandt<br /><br />16 - Blood On The Dance Floor (5:27)<br />Director: Michael Jackson & Vincent Patterson<br /><br />17 - Ghosts (3:58)<br />Director: Stan Winston (featuring MJ in a great disguise!! Allegedly spoofing the Santa Barbara DA)<br /><br />18 - You Rock My World (13:30)<br />Director: Paul Hunter (co-starring Chris Tucker from Rush Hour!  AND none other than Academy Award Winner, Marlon Brando!)<br /><br />19 - Cry (4:57)<br />Director: Nick Brandt (a really nice lost gem of a song and video)<br /><br />Total Disc 2: 2hrs 5min<br /><br />DISC 3 (Bonus Features)<br /><br />1 - Blame It On the Boogie - The Jacksons (3:32)<br /><br />2 - Enjoy Yourself - The Jacksons (3:31)<br /><br />3 - Can You Feel It - The Jacksons (9:37)<br /><br />4 - Say Say Say - Paul McCartney & Michael Jackson (4:57)<br />Director: Bob Giraldi<br /><br />5 - They Don't Care About Us - Prison version (4:52)<br />Director: Spike Lee<br /><br />6 - Why? - 3T (Tito's kids' band) featuring Michael Jackson (4:33)<br /><br />7 - One More Chance - previously unreleased (4:03)<br /><br />Total Disc 3: 35min<br /><br />That's quite a collection of short films!  The only one really missing is Disney's Captain EO!  Which BTW, had the help of none other than George Lucas.  No other artist in history has worked with so many top A-List people intheir videos.  Only Michael could reach such a wide spectrum, break down all barriers and make something like that happen.  The man remains a rare and special anomaly.  Bravo Michael!<br /><br />Bottom Line -- if you're a fan of Michael Jackson, then you can't go wrong with this beautiful DVD box set.  And it's even reasonably priced, considering who it is and all that's on here!  I know this is something I'll treasure forever.  The words \\"special\\" and \\"genius\\" are bandied about far too freely, but in this instance, the man truly lives up to the meaning of those words, and then some!  Thank you Michael, for all you have given, and continue to give us all.<br /><br />MJ Forever!
B00004WKII|5.0|Let me get down to business.. Whoever is rating this collection the lowest, is either loosing their hearing, or listen with 20yo equipment.  Yes it is true, small imperfection in quality that original recording suffers, but that's the point of it, even background noise is holy when Jimi plays.  Best sound source is non-digital which is absolutely STUNNING!!Analog puts your hearing in higher level that no digital can produce! Every time it is tweaked digitally, it looses that dimension.   Having said that, this collection is a Bible to the whole World when it comes to MUSIC.. Jimi was and is the greatest musician that ever walked on this planet, by a mile!! Hands that were touched by God, his heart and love that he infused into his guitar, permanently embedding soul, and love of music into our hearts. When he walked on the stage in Monterrey CA for the first time in front of American audience no one knew him, and after 45 minutes he became a legend. In the sixties music was very bubbly (just like the monkeys), bubblegum music, un-wild un-electric, un-creative. This guy comes along and absolutely shocks beyond belief. Its like sending a Ferrari back in time when Ford Model-T was taking of! He was so good that best musicians ever played from Rolling Stones, Beatles, The Who, Led zeppelin were his fans, to this very day.
0312370849|5.0|I don't remember how I \\"found\\" this book but I am LOVING it. It is the kind of book I hate to put down and cannot wait until I can pick it up again. I find myself thinking of the story thru out the day!! It is a tear jerker. I cannot believe people gave this book low ratings. If I could I'd give it TEN stars!!
B003Y3BMFW|4.0|Oh how I longed for the day that Soundgarden would re-unite.  It appears that that is pretty much a reality right now, and to celebrate we have \\"Telephantasm\\", which at its heart is pretty much a glorified \\"best of\\" album with a few extra treats.  Most notable about this set is the previously unreleased set from the \\"Badmotorfinger\\" sessions entitled \\"Black Rain\\", which features Chris Cornell's paint-peeling vocals, and will make you long for the late 80s/early 90s era of the band.  That being said, there are also a handful of rare versions of popular tracks from Soundgarden's catalogue, including \\"Pretty Noose\\" and \\"Jesus Christ Pose\\", but the DVD included here features some videos, including quite a few that were previously unreleased.  \\"Telephantasm\\" all in all is a nice little package (and the packaging itself and Kim's liner notes are spectacular), but all it really does for me is whet my appetite for some new material from the newly re-formed band.  Here's hoping that there is a new studio album on the horizon, and that it makes up for all the years we've been without Soundgarden.
B000JIHP88|5.0|This mobile works great.  Both the music and the bright colorful animals get and hold our son's attention and he still enjoys it after 9 months.  We used any combination of the three songs whenever he would go down for a nap during the day and the 'Rainforest' sounds whenever we put him to bed for the night.  Just one more thing we did to help him differentiate night time from nap time.<br /><br />We ended up barely ever using the remote as most of the time our son would fall asleep before the time limit on the music would end but it was nice to have at the beginning when he would occasionally take longer to get to sleep.<br /><br />Even though he stands up in his crib now and pushes the button on/off this is still securely fastened enough that we don't worry about him getting it off his crib.
B0028IDXDS|3.0|Great idea, but I would like to have the option to remove the pacifier to clean it or switch out.
B003XRZZFM|5.0|I've always said that Dimmu Borgir is one black metal band that I can tolerate because they are just melodic enough to keep me interested.  Well, with their newest album here, with the addition of a full orchestra and choir, I can say that this album is really fun to listen to.  Sure ICX Vortex is gone, but so what?  The choir backing vocals more than make up for Vortex's clean vocals on prior albums.  There is a fuller sound here with the orchestra and choir.  And even Shagrath's vocals blend much more smoothly into the music that you don't hardly hear them, which to my ears is a good thing, as I view vocals as just another instrument in a band's over-all sound.  Vocals usually suck when they stand out so much from the rest of the music that they drown out what would ordinarily be good music.  One such band is Manticora.  A progressive metal band that plays wonderful music, but their vocalist just sings over the music with no harmony whatsoever, thus ruining what would otherwise be awesome music.<br /><br />Anyway, if you're a Dimmu fan, and have liked or even tolerated their last few albums, give this new one as shot.  You might like it.  I did.  And like I alluded to above, black metal is not one of my favorite genres.  Never understood what draw rapid fire blast beats, low growling vocals and piss poor production had amongst its fans, but whatever.  Dimmu is branching out to the symphonic black metal realm and I'm liking it.
0192853619|5.0|Prof. Gowers packs only the most essentially juicy pieces of mathematics between the covers of this small book that fits comfortably into the back pocket of your jeans.  This book is deceptively small and curiously strong.  Only dedicated self learners need buy this book; as it is not written with any type of entertaining prose--it's \\"all business\\" from page 1.  However, this \\"teaspoon of rigor\\" helps the rest of math go down.  Prof. Gowers & OUP--outstanding job, keep it up
B003TSEL7S|5.0|this book was amazing. anyone who loves aventure,myths, or even a little mystery would love this book
B003TEO3EI|4.0|First off, I'd like to say that musically this album is fantastic.  It's been a while since Blind Guardian has released something with this kind of intensity, and I love it.  The live orchestra doesn't feel shoehorned into the album at all and adds a lot to the music.  That's why it's such a pity that one of the songs is virtually ruined by some kind of error in the production.  In \\"Curse My Name\\" there is a high pitched beeping noise that goes on for nearly a minute during one of the best parts of the song.  Some people are unable to hear it because of how high it is, but for those of us who can hear it it is an extremely grating \\"nails on chalkboard\\" type sound that usually causes me to skip the otherwise awesome song.      Still, the rest of the album is good enough to get 4 stars, even down one song.  It would have been a 5 if someone had caught the beep.  You may want to wait on a remastered version if you are young and still are able to hear high-pitched noises like the beep.    :edit: see comments for how you can fix it yourself
0545140315|5.0|Lately most of the really great books I've been reading came from my TBR pile that's been sitting there for a couple of months. I had The Lonely Hearts Club since spring and have been meaning to read it but kept putting it off, until this weekend when I was feeling down in the dumps and wanted to read something but didn't want anything too intense or sad, I wanted something to cheer me up. Well I remembered I had this one and I've heard that it was pretty great so I asked on twitter(twitter knows everything!) and was told that it was a happy book which is exactly what I was looking for.<br /><br />The Lonely Hearts Club was a wonderful read for me that succeeded in cheering me up from the start. What I enjoyed the most was seeing the characters develop and change throughout the book. Penny Lane's parents added a lot of hilarious humor to the story and I loved their geekiness over the Beatles and their strong support for their daughter, it was definitely a nice change to see likable parents in this book. Most of all I really enjoyed how Penny Lane and her friends started supporting one another and realized towards the end what the club had become and what it had done for them.<br /><br />The only little problem I had was that I wish there would've been more physical descriptions about the characters, I like to picture them while I'm reading, but there wasn't much in this book except for the clothes they wore. I still loved it and I still had no problem connecting with Penny at all. I think The Lonely Hearts Club will brighten anyone's day, is a fun story full of girl power and a great message to love yourself and to not change the way you are for anyone else.
0439023513|5.0|Hunger Games is one of the few series I would recommend for everyone.  There's something that everyone can enjoy; action, great characters, romance, suspense and message about humanity.  Mockingjay is a great ending to the series.
