B00000ILBK|4.0|An odd numbered Trek, it's supposed to be bad.  But surprisingly it isn't, I found myself enjoying this one alot more than any other odd numbered Trek, and a few even ones.  I think it's an admirable addition to the  impressive Star Trek franchise and sci-fi all together.
B000023X9W|5.0|Thus we have again another burst of excellence  from Neil Young. This album is Young's definitive work in describing his feelings and thoughts at this moment in time. Buffalo Springfield Again is his attempt to publically  acknowledge his on-again,off again relationship with that band. In my  opinion Razor Love is the standout song in that he seems to be speaking to  his son,Ben, who we all know has a terrible physical affliction. Young,more  than any other songwriter can reflect the soft inner workings of his  feelings and do so in a way which is reflected in the lyrics and the music.  This also is reflective in Daddy Went Walking, where he seems to be  conjuring up memories of his relationship with his father and how his  family may seem to view him. This record will be nominated for album of the  year
B00004STPT|1.0|I'll give this &quot;one star&quot; since &quot;no stars&quot; is not an option.  Ridley Scott's use of Basil Poledouris' stirring music from &quot;Conan the Barbarian&quot; for his trailers is what's selling  &quot;Gladiator&quot; to the crowds.  Would that Poledouris had been signed  to score the entire film.  Then we would have something to listen  to.<br />Hans &quot;the Hack&quot; Zimmer serves up his usual mishmash of  recycled sounds, this time drawing from Holst's &quot;Mars,&quot; yes,  North's &quot;Spartacus,&quot; and even Vangelis' march theme from Ridley  Scott's own &quot;1492&quot; among others.  I guess &quot;Gladiator&quot;  is what results when film scores are written by a committee.<br />And who does  Lisa Gerrard think she is, Miriam Stockley?  Fuggedaboudit!<br />These people  should be barred from scoring films for at least a year, if not for life.
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon brings out the true spirit of humanity and its neverending quest for knowledge and learning. This story is told through fascinating journal entries submitted by a man named Charlie Gordan. These  accounts help to give the reader a more personal glimpse at the progress  and setbacks he suffers from. Romance is eventually added to the plot,  carefully drawing out emotions that Charlie has hidden all his life. This  novel delves into questions that many have wondered, but that no one has  proved: Is it possible to dramatically increase a person's intelligence? If  so, is it ethical? Full of subtle suspense and intertwined complexities, it  is an awe-inspiring read. It tugs at the heart strings and continues to do  so long after the last page has been turned!
B000001EAQ|3.0|I am a huge fan of Pearl Jam and the Stone Temple Pilots, so U2 just isn't my style of music.  I was fairly impressed with &quot;Pop&quot;; this is coming from a guy who can't stand techno.  This is a techno album with a  touch of rock.  However, it is good.  The entire middle part of the album  is great.  I especially liked &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot;, &quot;Last  Night on Earth&quot;, and &quot;Gone&quot;.<br />Some tracks really take this  album down.  I'm not going to bash &quot;Discotheque&quot;, because that  was an OK song.  But &quot;Mofo&quot; was horrible.  I also didn't like  &quot;Please&quot;.  &quot;Wake Up Dead Man&quot; is a fairly weak  song.<br />&quot;Pop&quot; was an album I really wanted to hate like most  other people, and I bought it out of mere curiousity.  I found this stuff  interesting, however.  Perhaps I'll give &quot;Zooropa&quot; a try...
0792156684|1.0|Quickreview: This movie sucks and is exploitive. Why? Great visuals are punctuated by opaque characters who act badly (on many levels) mouthing a stupid screenplay (you gettin' this Cameron?) all wrapped in an inane plot  causing victims to turn in collective grave.   Upshot: Cameron and Co. make  big bucks from horrible historic tragedy using eye candy Leo and Kate for  bait. Furthers exploitation of actual wreck which is now being dismatled  for worldwide showing.
B000021Y77|5.0|Some have remarked on the originality of the film's concept.  In fact, this is one of the science fiction genre's more cliched premises.  What makes it novel, perhaps, is that it's applied to a non-science fiction  setting.  But, as interesting as the concept is, it does other films and  television shows an injustice to regard _Run Lola Run_ as an entire  innovation.<br />What separates _Run Lola Run_ from other films is not the  story itself so much as the way the story is told.  Director Tom Tykwer is  an auteur run amuck.  From the opening sequence, we are completely at the  mercy of Twyker's powerful vision.<br />_Run Lola Run_ is the collision of  German expressionism, Czech animation, and MTV.  So much of this film is  told though this blend of visual styles, in fact, that one could turn off  the subtitles and understand most of what was going on.<br />This is not to  say that the film is a vacuous visual metaphor.  Far from it.  Tykwer has  crafted a genuine story here, with a great moral center.  It's just that  that morality is not exposed through pages of dialogue.  Tykwer, instead,  uses so many techniques, so well-edited together, that the characters are  largely defined visually before you even know what's happening.<br />Clearly, this is a must-have film for anyone seriously interested in the  craft of filmmaking.  Not only will you learn a lot from the cacophony on  display in the film itself, but the commentary (only in English) is  especially enlightening.  This is one of the very few secondary audio  commentaries on DVD in which the lead actress plays a part, and her insight  is invaluable.  It's extremely intriguing to hear scenes relived from both  sides of the camera.  More interestingly, though, Tykwer's explanation of  how he pulled off his vision is something that will energize even the most  casual filmmaker.
1559408898|4.0|First off i love Robocop. The original theatrical release is terrific. I bought this movie thinking it would be cool to have the directors cut. I now see why they cut out all the &quot;excessivly violent&quot; scences.  They really aren't needed. This movie isn't really a &quot;must have&quot;,  maybe a must rent if you are a Robocop fan. All in all its still good, just  not really worth the extra price.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Look Closer - These two simple words will ring true from the moment the credits roll. American Beauty is about life. It also captures the essence that is hussle and bussle, many of us don't ever slow down long enough to  witness the true beauty in the World. Alan Ball wrote a fabulous  screenplay, and with Sam Mendes' vision the film kept me feeling as if I  were Lester Burnham. We all have desires and aspirations that we chase and  dream about as we grow older. American Beauty shows us that it is never too  late to make ourselves truly happy. It teaches us to not always take things  for face value but dare to look inside - each other and yourself. For those  that believe the film is about children disrespecting their parents, look  closer you'll find your Lester inside of you. You may not understand what  I'm talking about, but don't worry - you will.
B00000DCH9|4.0|Piano Man is one of Billy Joel's best albums. Indeed just about every song on this album is great. &quot;Piano Man&quot; is my absolute favorite Billy Joel song. You also have to admire &quot;The Ballad of Billy the Kid&quot;  and &quot;Captin Jack&quot; on this album.
B00003CWL5|4.0|American Beauty is certainly a fine film.  The story was great, the acting was terrific and the film was shot beautifully.  I am dissappointed because, though the film is excellent, it is not the best film I have ever  scene and I would have rather had The Sixth Sense win best picture at the  Academy Awards, but that's life.  Anyway, I have to point out that Annette  Bening and Kevin Spacey were absolutely brilliant and I have to say that  Annette's performance took and undeserved backseet to Kevin's.  Both were  terrific.  The last ten minutes of the film is both shocking and in a way  heartbreaking.  When you see a group of characters learn who they really  are, deny it and ultimatley embrace it, it gets you thinking about  yourself.  I really recommend this film because it is very thought  provoking about how materialistic, judgemental and in denial our society  has become.  Perhaps what makes me hesitate to like the film so much is  because it is a true reflection of our culture.  The reflection is not a  nice one.  When Lester's life flashes before his eyes, I was brought to  tears.  I have to say that there is quite a shocking revelation conserning  a minor character at the end.  Without giving too much away, I will simply  say that this character is reprentative of many people who are in so much  denial that they forget who they truly are.  I give the film 4.5 out of 5.
B000001FS3|5.0|What I consider the very greatest rock album of all time. The lyrics are tops anywhere, and the music is just as good. Best songs are With or Without You, One Tree Hill, Still haven't Found, and Where The Streets have  No Name. You should listen. The last great Rock album of the past 15 years.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|After 7 years in &quot;silence&quot;, a-ha finally decided to get back together. And we should be thankful. Because again, Paul Waaktaar-Savoy shows that he is one of the best songwriters around and Morten Harket's  voice is as good as ever. The first single from the album, Summer Moved On,  is a brilliant example of this.<br />This is not a classic, a-ha has yet to  release their masterpiece (although 1993's much overlooked  &quot;Memorial  Beach&quot;and &quot;East of the Sun and West of the Moon&quot; from 1990  come close). But when you think of all the trash that it's out there  (Britney Spears etc.), pop music does not come any better than this in the  year 2000. <br />Song highlights: Minor Earth - Major Sky, Velvet, Summer  Moved On, You'll Never Get Over Me
0385484518|5.0|There's nothing new here--the message is found elsewhere.  But seldom is it presented as compellingly, in such an accessible form.  You'll enjoy every minute you spend with Morrie.
6303421563|5.0|The American version was good. I liked it alot.  Then I found the French version with the uncut footage.  I paid a good price for it but it was worth it.  The uncut version gives you a more in depth look into the  relationship of Mathilda and Leon.  The scenes that were cut show you why  certain things happen and explains the movie much better.  This is an  excellent buy.
0671042858|1.0|Sorry King fans, usually I love King's books, but this one put me to sleep.  Kid gets lost in the woods, hallucinates, now fall asleep.  YAWN
0679736646|5.0|I can only add my own voice to the resounding chorus of praise that I see in these reviews. This is a masterpeice and amongst the greatest works of speculative fiction ever written. Its easy to see the germs of cyberpunk  and virtual reality based sci-fi in this book, and years before these  genres even existed! You can see the direct influence of Ubik if you read  anything by Neal Stephenson or William Gibson. But PKD thought of this  stuff first and in my opinion he far surpasses anything that has or will  emerge in the SF genre.
B000002H38|5.0|With the release of &quot;Rapture&quot; in 1986, Anita Baker singlehandedly introduced the &quot;Quiet Storm&quot; genre, a rich blend of jazz, pop, and soul, to the masses.   Finding the likes of &quot;Sweet  Love&quot; and &quot;Caught Up in the Rapture&quot; on pop radio was always  a rich treat, and her popularity helped foster a taste for mature  pop.<br />Years after its release, &quot;Rapture&quot; is still as smooth and  sweet as ever.  Anita's smoky, Sarah Vaughan-influenced vocals are  flawlessly showcased in a worthy set of songs set to spotless production.   Songs like &quot;No One in the World&quot; and the uptempo &quot;Same Ole  Love&quot; are among Baker's staples in adult contemporary radio, and jazz  stations and fans alike will likely never tire of the lush and soulful  &quot;Been So Long,&quot; one of Baker's all-time classics that gives an  example of the perfect scat.<br />Elsewhere, Baker gives what is arguably her  most soulful performance ever on &quot;You Bring Me Joy,&quot; and a sultry  cover of Manhattan Transfer's &quot;Mystery&quot; easily trumps the  original.  The fact that Baker still performs most of these songs in her  concerts proves that &quot;Rapture&quot; is a sentimental treasure for many  a music fan, and one listen to the record's flawless execution makes it  easy to see why.
B00004STPT|5.0|It goes from the amazing &quot;The Battle&quot;, full of excitement and vigor, to the lonely &quot;Elysium&quot;, with its haunting vocals and loneliness. Then from  &quot;The Might of Rome&quot; that makes the hair on  your neck stand up, back to &quot;Sorrow&quot; full of a sadness and grief.  This soundtrack is rivoting. Each song varies but stays within the theme.  The Middle Eastern flair and amazing vocals, that Gerrard brought adds that  much more to the wonderful composing of Zimmer. It's an inspiring CD and  one you won't be upset you purchased.
6303014100|5.0|What can I say about this masterpice that you cant read from the other reviews? Nothing really this film is one of the greatest portrats of how both sides strugled through this battle. One of the most toching sceens in  this film comes at the very end during pickets charge. After seeing the  comfederat flag fall at the high water mark general lee ask picket or  someone else i may be mistakend but when lee ask this man to set up a  defence against an expected union counter attack he simply replys  &quot;general lee sir I have no battalion&quot; truly a masterpice.
B00004RF97|5.0|If you have the old DVD and you want to buy this one because of the supposed 64 Minute documentary, don't!  There is no such documentary on this disc.  I don't know where Amazon got their information from, but this  incorrect.  The movie on the other hand, is outstanding and is a welcomed  addition to the pile of 1:85.1 and 2:35.1 aspect ratioed films of today.   There was no such thing back then.  But this film is excellent now and will  be enjoyed for years to come.  Just don't buy it for the documentary that  isn't there!
B000003BDY|4.0|This one sure has grown on me.  When I first bought it on cassette tape, my fater replied that it was his favorite Stones album.  I anticipated great things when I threw it into the tape deck.  Funny thing was, I  enjoyed it while I was listening to it but nothing has ever really stuck  with me.  Good Times, Bad Times, It's All Over Now, Time Is On My Side  (with it's great organ intro) and Congratulations are the best things on  the album.  Some over the covers are stiff (although I must admit that the  once-despised Around and Around has grown on me a lot thanks to my  new-found appreciation of Ian Stewart) and the remaining tunes, while  great, don't make you want to play the disc over again.  I do pull this one  out from time to time and enjoy it more and more as the years roll on, but  it's certainly not one of their finest albums and I don't think I will ever  feel that it is.  By the way, I later realized that my father's tastes were  dubious at best.
6305903182|5.0|No need for words.<br />This brought the scream trilogy to a perfect conclusion.  It couldn't have been made better.<br />If your a fan, get this NOW!
0767851900|5.0|After watching the first ten minutes of it I just fall in love with this movie.  I thought I would not like it but it is a must-see!
B0000020C4|5.0|If you love Colm Wilkinson, you have to add this to your collection. Colm is one of the best singers in the world and provides a wonderful performance as the lead, Valjean. I saw this performance and had to have  the CD. It is one of my favorite soundtracks. Rarely do you find so many  performers/singers with so much talent on one CD! This is a must have!
B000002UUX|3.0|I heard everybody say that Rust in Peace was the best Megadeth album, but I dont see why. First off I dont think this albumis anywhere near as good as  Countdown to Extinction. Hangar 18 is the only real good song on this  album. For one thing there is such a thing as over doing the guitar solos,  which is exactly what they do in this album . But its Megadeth, so i still  like it.
0767821629|3.0|Every so often I rent a science fiction movie that either never made it to the big screen, or went through so quickly I never got a chance to see it. You never know when you will find a gem. &quot;The 13th Floor&quot; is one of those movies. It's not a gem, but it's not bad, either.<br />The movie  involves the efforts of a man to unravel the death of a business partner in  a high tech industry. The twist is the dead man was using experimental  technology to transport himself into a virtual reality world where the  inhabitants are not aware they are not real. When the hero is framed for  the murder, he must enter this virtual reality to discover the truth before  the real murderer or the police catch up with him.<br />This is not &quot;The  Matrix,&quot; and is more reminiscent of the tepidly received thriller  &quot;Dark City,&quot; though not quite as complex and difficult to follow.  &quot;The 13th Floor&quot; lacks eye-popping effects, but the film is  entertaining and thoughtful with enough action to keep the film moving. The  filmmakers don't spend very long explaining the technology, and that's a  good idea. This allows the film to play both as a murder mystery and sci-fi  thriller.<br />There is an interesting twist to this movie, that you may guess  before it's revealed. The filmmakers do enough to allow the careful viewer  to figure it out. This is an easy movie with a few surprises. That's a  pretty good rental in any genre.
B000007T1M|5.0|This is my favorite cd. It will remain that way until the day I die. I hope to be buried with it.
B000000WA4|5.0|Billy Corgan opened the floodgates of his creative mind that is the masterpiece Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. Angry? Jellybelly, XYU, and Bodies are for you. Passive? Tonight,Tonight, Take Me Down (thanks,  James) and By Starlight are there.  Trippy? We Only Come Out at Night,  Cupid de Locke are there. Do you appreciate the whole artistic process that  involves music? Buy now. For three years I've had this and it still gets  heavy rotation. Thru the Eyes of Ruby is the most lyrically anthemic and  beautiful song I know. the singles from the album here are also catalysts  for a great collection of songs contained in the Aeroplane Flies High box  set that gets very proud prominence on my desktop. Bill Corgan and James  Iha deserve at least Demigod status when the rock pantheon is written.
B000005ALN|5.0|This album was worth waiting for....GM re-invented his career once again, without losing the sight of what is important to him (honesty, genuine emotion, and perfectionism). All tracks are marvelous and quite different  from old GM stuff. &quot;Older&quot; was branded as &quot;depressing, dark,  distressing, etc.&quot; by many critics, but I hope that as time goes by,  it'll become more  appreciated than it was at the time of the original  release. It is not depressing at all. It is &quot;beautifully somber&quot;,  I'd say...
B000000W3G|5.0|listen to Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. After 28 tracks of wonder, you think there is nothing left for Billy Corgan and James Iha to offer. Wrong! aside from the five singles from the album, an additional 28  songs wait in the wings to further belt the senses. Where MCIS took you on  a roller coaster ride of emotions, TAFH 'assigns' the songs to their  musical 'format' thru five CD's. the Zero and BWBW cd's kick into overdrive  while the 1979 and Tonight,Tonight take you thru the bittersweet ether.  Thirty-Three is all-around cool. this is almost as definitive Pumpkin as  MCIS. and that's saying a lot.
B00000DHRX|5.0|True, GM has not produced volumes of material over the time. But, his career is a perfect example of quality vs. quantity. Every song on this release (see: Euro release) is really THE BEST of pop-music and of GM  himself. American release has &quot;Monkey&quot;, instead of  &quot;Fantasy&quot; and &quot;The Strangest Thing&quot;.  It makes you  think...Also, the absence of &quot;As&quot; is simply unbearable, since it  is one of the best &quot;pop&quot; duets &amp; re-makes, recorded in recent  years. So, if you can afford it, buy the import version of this wonderful  collection.
0812550757|5.0|this was a great book but i think enders game was better .  this book you are wondering about why the &quot; piggies &quot; are doing what they do and you don't find out till the very very end .  i think this book would  have been better if you were given just one of the problems of the piggies  at a time but that is all right cause the book is still good .  i highy  recommend this book , expecally if you read enders game .
0783230893|4.0|I saw this film as part of a Gay Film Festival at my U. (don't ask...) It is a lovely story about women, their hardships, and their unity. It is told is a series of flashbacks, so the beginning of this century always gets  mixed up with early 90's. But, not only it talks about &quot;women&quot;  problems, it also gives a good picture of South, its racism, and its  overall dynamics. Kathy Bates simply shines in her role as an unhappy and  conventional housewife, who can't stand being conventional any longer. All  in all, great movie!
6305095566|5.0|That's a line from the movie that I'll never forget.  I didn't start  becoming a horror movie fanatic until I was around 13 years old.  This was  one of the first videos that I have ever bought.  I played it so much that  the tape snapped in the VCR - and I went out the same day and bought  another copy.  That's just how good this movie is.  The Evil Dead is a low  budget movie and they didn't exactly have Academy Award-winning actors, but  I think that may be what made it so good.  The story centers on five  college kids who go to a cabin in the woods and are in for one hell of a  night.  Unknowingly, they unleash an evil spirit that takes them out one by  one.  It's a creepy, gory, exciting, and even funny at some of the most  importune moments.  If you consider yourself to be a horror movie buff,  then you have to see this one.
B000005RUV|5.0|This CD is a very good item for all WHAM! fans or even for people, who are not real fans, but  are sentimental about 80's. The sound quality here is better than on the original releases and all songs are really good. Also,  two extra remixes (especially, &quot;Everything She Wants&quot;) are very  cool. Pitty that it was not released in USA, but this CD is worth the money  spent.
B000002OX7|5.0|Simply put, Who's Next is the seminal rock album of the '70's. Not only is Pete Townshend's prowess as a songwriter cemented here, but Roger Daltrey ascends to greatness as a singer. John Entwhistle's big, fat bass line is  something every other bassist since has tried to imitate; and they've all  failed miserably. And all I can say about Moon the Loon is this: The Best  Rock Drummer EVER, and he proves it in spades on this record. If you only  own one Who record, make it this one.
078062999X|2.0|I try to watch all Branaugh's films.  In this one he created a surreal set with past, present, and future all mixed-up together.  He brought so many different extras that it looked like a circus.  I understand that this was supposed to heighten the sence of madness and chaos in Danish Kingdom, but he went too far...  I mean, five hours of this circus, give me a break!  He tried to pile too many ideas together and as a result the film turned out to be some sort of a thick, chewy stuff that never ends...  I have seen three other Hamlets on screen and I am sorry to say this is not the best one.
B000002U6E|3.0|The Age of Loneliness is one of my favorite songs, w/o a doubt in my Top Ten. I would be eternally miserable if I didn't have that maxi. Fabulous doesn't begin to describe that song. This album which it is off of for some  reason has never made it with me. Maybe because it's a sort of a letdown  from his other two or juss the fact I am confused by what he was trying to  do hear because this album doesn't have the smashes of the first one. This  CD would rate lower if it weren't for Carly's Song. Nothing memorable at  all besides it. I suggest either getting the Sliver soundtrack(the best  movie album EVER in my opinion) or searching for the CD maxisingle. You can  find it out there if you look hard enough
6304813775|5.0|This film has become one of  my all-time favorite comedies. The plot is hilarious in itself (couple of Manchester &quot;loosers&quot; trying to &quot;make it big&quot; in &quot;their bloody lives&quot;), but how well  the cast works together--is simply hysterical!  Besides being hysterically  funny, this film is also touching, because it helps to restore your faith  in yourself, your friends, and your family, even if you'd lost it  completely.
B000002URV|4.0|I could've listened to a mix of Sadeness for a full hour or more, kind of like Moby did with GO, juss remixed it into about 12 distinct variations. No matter at about 13 minutes it clocks in real well. Mea Culpa is a great  action song. You will have to be doing something atletic to fully  appreciate it or at least think of something daring and exciting. This was  a ground-breaking achievement in my eyes. I think I derived my pleasure of  artists such as BT(Brian Transeau), Sasha, and Paul Oakenfold all the way  back to Enigma. They are fast, with awesome beats going throughout the  tunes. It may take awhile but if you want to start branching out into new  musical genres this album would be a great start. A form of trance about  ten years before the word and genre became chic amongst partygoers and  club-types.
6302767741|5.0|I can't imagine how this film could ever get bad reviews... May be some people/critics were offended by the character of a neurotic Hollywood actress...well, this portrayal is all-true, whether we like it or not.  &quot;Peter's Friends&quot;  is a heartwarming story of six or seven  college friends, brought together by one of them, after ten years of little  or no contact. The casting is absolutely perfect. These guys really feel  like friends (well, Stephen Fry &amp; Huge Laurie are; Kenneth Branaugh  &amp; Emma Thompson, I think, used to be married?). Although this film is  very sentimental and talks about many of life's saddest things (e.g.   loosing a child, loosing a parent, divorse, etc.), it manages to be  exremely funny and witty (British trademark, after all) Sometimes, I was  not sure if I was crying or laughing; may be, I was doing both at the same  time... You will not believe how funny Emma Thopson and how hearbreaking  Kenneth Branaugh and Huge Laurie are in this film!   In my opinion, if  you watch this film, you can become a bit of a better person. I, certainly,  re-thought some of my relationships after watching it...
B000023VR6|5.0|the doctor is in. chronic 2001 is a breathe of fresh air for the true west coast fan. every track on the LP is bangin'. the cd never misses a beat. with the doc once again coming with the fattest beats (still DRE, Xplosive,  Akright), and with the help from Xzibit, Kurupt, Nate Dogg, Hitman, Slim  Shady, Snoop...must I go on. Thsi is definentley a west coast classic. P.S.  watch for hitman, he's bringing some heat.
0151003084|5.0|I'm writing this only a few days after the death of the great Edward Gorey. I keep a copy of this masterpiece in my desk at work as an antidote to the &quot;Gee, isn't Kathy Lee swell&quot; people that I'm forced to  encounter from time-to-time. This is why our ancestors invented the  alphabet. Warning: Only the darkest senses of humor need apply.
0553260111|4.0|I had never read any Ludlum before, nor am i a great fan of Spy novels.  I have to say, i am converted!  This book was a great travel companion and even gave me something to wake up for in the morning!   Gripping and hard  to put down.  You do start to image spys everywhere you go though!
0783117388|5.0|If you have ever been single and/or ever lived in NYC, you will love this show.  Fun, witty, smart, sophisticated, and clever.  Plus, they all wear great clothes.  The acting can be over the top, but that is what it is all  about--being &quot;single and fabulous&quot; in New York City is not for  the weak at heart.  All I can say is, I hope they keep making new episodes,  because when HBO doesn't broadcast Sex and the City, Sunday nights are just  not the same.
B00004STPT|4.0|I frankly found this CD just a bit of a disappointment because I wanted the hard, loud, exciting music I heard in the trailer:  lots of drums and horns.  The trailer's music must have come primarily from either tracks 3  or 13, which are indeed so like Holst's &quot;Mars&quot; in places I  wouldn't be surprised to hear of a lawsuit pending.  Anyway, the CD is  good, but most of the tracks are quiet and sound like the mood music they  use on &quot;Xena.&quot;  Some have a middle-Eastern sort of sound that is  lovely too.  So, all in all, good but not quite what I was expecting.
B000000QG8|5.0|What a pleasure to have all these great records available on CD! Not just Irish Tour but all the latest remastered CD. Wonderful musice that I had not been able to listen to for years. It made me feel 25 years younger! It  brought a smile on my face which is still on as I am writing this review!   It also brought back many great memories of Rory concerts I went to here in  Switzerland back in the 70's. Best concerts of my life, with perhaps those  of Bruce the Boss.  Rory first was my sister's hero and soon became my  favorite rock-blues artist. I especially love all the blues/folk songs.  It's also thanks to Rory that I discovered Ireland, its great people, its  wonderful landscape and countryside and superb Guiness!  Buying this record  is more efficient that a vitamine cure and it's lasting!
B000002NJS|5.0|This CD is awesome! I love techno and Madonna combines soft techno beautifully with her tunes and beats! Get this if you can.
B000002NE4|5.0|First, just to be fair, I should tell you that I own every CD that Nick Cave ever made and the lowest rating that I'd give any of them would be four stars. I was afraid that Nick would never top Murder Ballads, so I was  overjoyed when I heard this CD. These songs have the ability to stay with  you. They flow from one to another like some strange, dark river. Give a  listen to the haunting &quot;Where do we go now, but nowhere&quot; and  you'll know what I'm talking about.
B000021XR5|4.0|In order for me to buy a CD, I have to at least like two songs on it.  I bought it shortly after the releasing of &quot;Sour Girl&quot;.  It seems like Scott lost focus in some places, but it's a good album, especially if  you're a STP fan.<br />Of course, &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;Sour Girl&quot;  are the best songs on here.  &quot;Heaven and Hotrods&quot; and &quot;No  Way Out&quot; are okay but that's all you'll really find.  It could be,  possibly, because it only has 11 tracks.<br />Make a smart decision.   &quot;Core&quot; was heavy, &quot;Purple&quot; was not as heavy, but more  melodic, &quot;Tiny Music&quot; was very melodic with more a more Beatles  genre.  As for &quot;No. 4&quot;, you can take all these previous three  albums and combine them into this funk and you come up with it &quot;No.  4&quot;.  But even &quot;No. 4&quot; has it's different side of STP.
B00000BKE0|5.0|I don't know why everyone seems to hate this Album. I like it much more than Somewhere in Time or Seventh Son because it sounds much more dynamic and isn't overpacked with keybords. Sure the two previous ones were also  good as well but this one reminds me more of Albums like Number of the  Beast and Powerslave. But Why write this - any Maiden Fan will agree that  you can't rate ANY maiden album less than 5 stars!
B000002V0Q|5.0|Here me out I love early megadeth! But this album is just tight! For people who were raised on Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, AC/DC, etc, etc this is your album!  I would compare it to some of the biggest masterpieces in  metal history. If you like this I also suggest Metallica's  &quot;Metallica&quot; and and Black Sabbath's &quot;Paranoid&quot;.  BUY IT  NOW!
0780629450|4.0|This version of Hamlet is excellent.  At around four hours the movie requires some determination to watch, but if you like Shakespeare it doesn't seem like that long, really.  I can't rate it a perfect 5 stars  because some of the actors just shouldn't be here - Jack Lemmon is  horrible, and some of the other acting is questionable, but the parts of  Hamlet, Claudius, Gertrude, the gravedigger, and many others are, in my  opinion, great to watch.  My favorite scene is when Hamlet has the players  stage his mini play-within-a-play, The Mousetrap, to confirm for himself  the guilt of Claudius in old Hamlet's death.  Here Branagh really shines -  every time I watch it I have to rewind it a couple of times just because  the scene is so fun to watch. Kate Winslet is excellent as Ophelia,  especially when she begins to lose her mind.  Rent the movie once at least,  and if you like it as much as I did, you'll have to buy it.
B000003TB6|5.0|I'll admit before I bought this CD I was a big heavy metal fan -until I went to see Rage Against the Machine live in concert. The opening act for them was a rap group called The Roots. I was skeptical at first, but when  they hit the stage my mind changed completely. I never heard hip hop jazz  before but I then knew it sure was groovin'. Soon after I bought  DYWM!  and have loved it ever since. Every track is a masterpiece of  urban grooves and jazzy fatness. Tracks like 'Datskat', 'Distortion To  Static' and 'Silent Treatment' are hip hop classics. Check out Rahzel's  vocals on '? vs. Rahzel'. I am definitely won over to hip hop. Thanx  Roots!
B00004RHZU|5.0|I don't care what anyone else thinks, 'Can't Take Me home' is a fantascic album. All the songs have true meaning and depth to them. Most artists record a song with no meaning just to sell albums and make money. P!NK's  songs are about real life experiences that people can relate to. Her voice  is amazing, her songs are excellent and she is gourgous to go with it (and  I LOVE the pink hair). I hope she goes to the TOP!  Keep the hits coming  P!NK!  I think you're GREAT!
B000002BBY|5.0|Even though I bought this album when I was in 5th grade, it's still one of my favorites.  Sure, the music isn't original, but the songs are sing-alongable.  Some of the songs (like &quot;cast no shadow&quot;) are  kinda depressing, though, if you're in a weird mood.  But, all in all, it's  one of the greatest CDs ever.
6305587159|1.0|It timidly goes where the series has gone too many times before. <br />At least #5 tried to push an envelope. It failed, but at least they tried. The creators of _Insurrection_, though, didn't even look for an envelope to  push. The weakest of the bunch.
630018160X|5.0|This movie is a great adventure in the life of a girl looking for love. What I liked about it was that it isnt like other musicals. It has a hippy dance, go-go dancing and is very 60s based. I recommend this to anyone.
0783225547|5.0|A volcano blows up next to a beautiful town.  You do get all you can expect from this content.  Romance, action, drama, etc.  Good caracter build-up and good story telling.<br />The actors are also good.  Specially  Linda Hamilton as the Town's mayor and Pierce Brosnan as the expert  volcanologist.  But the children and townfolk are also very good.  The  children's grandma is not as good, maybe because the caracter is not very  well developed.  Linda Hamilton plays her role much better than in both  Terminator films.  Casting her was a clever move.  Pierce Brosnan is  getting better with each film he does.<br />This DVD is incredible in special  effects.  Screen and sound are very good.  You can also get some  interesting extras such as behind the scenes and special effects  explanations.<br />Overall it is a very good movie that takes advantage of a  good home theater.
B000002C25|3.0|I bought this CD because I was in love with 'Morning Glory.'  Turns out that wasn't such a good move.  This album is just a continuance of the previous.  There are one are two good songs, maybe more depending on your  taste.  As for me, I've already sold my copy.
0783117388|5.0|What a cool show, and it's so great that those of us who don't get HBO can finally have access to it. Can't wait for this full set to come out. I've seen 4 episodes and it's just great--acting is wonderful, situations are  ones you can relate to -- and it's always great to be able to see Chris  Noth in anything, now that he's long gone from Law &amp; Order. Sign me up!
B000023X9W|4.0|Neil Young has always gone his own way. The reason his fans continue to respect him is the fact that he listens to his own muse vs. the current trend in music. Silver &amp; Gold represents Young in trim, fighting form  and recalls After The Gold Rush in terms of its style.<br />Some of these  songs are quite old while others were composed shortly before recording  began. What's surprising is how well they fit together. There's a  continuity to Young's music that makes a strong statement for his artistic  vision. There's hardly a weak song in the bunch( Buffalo Springfield Again  is about the weakest song in the bunch). While not all of Neil's albums  from the past ten years have been keepers, there have been more than a  handful to keep the faithful around.<br />This happens to be one of them.
B000002IH5|4.0|Released shortly after his death, this album was the first of several posthumous Otis Redding releases.  The fabulous title track reached number one on both the pop and R&amp;B charts, introducing Otis' talent and emotive energy to a much wider (and whiter) audience.  Inspired by the  Beatles' adventurous songwriting, and his positive experience at the  Monterey Pop Festival, he wrote &quot;The Dock of the Bay&quot; while  relaxing in Sausalito.  He recorded it on December 7, 1967,  three days  before the airplane crash that would take his life and four members of his  touring band, The Bar-Kays.  The song was unlike anything he had released  thus far, and showed the promising artistic direction he was headed in.   Guitarist, co-writer, and friend Steve Cropper compiled this tribute album  around it, gathering together some of his past singles, along with the  unreleased ballad &quot;Open The Door.&quot;  There are plenty of great  songs, such as the magnificent &quot;Let Me Come On Home,&quot; &quot;Don't  Mess With Cupid,&quot; and his classic duet with Carla Thomas,  &quot;Tramp.&quot;  The funky &quot;Huckle-Buck&quot; is from the Stax  &quot;Stay In School&quot; record, and two fine cuts from earlier albums  close out the set.  As always, the backing musicians on all of the tracks  are the fantastic Stax players of Booker T. &amp; The MG's and the  Mar-Keys.  This disc is a testament to Otis Redding's mastery of his craft,  and makes for a decent primer on his sound.  It was soon followed by  &quot;The Immortal Otis Redding,&quot; an excellent collection of  unreleased studio recordings.
B000002B30|3.0|I find 'Greatest Hits' packages like this one to be utterly exasperating. Clearly, commercialism was the first and only thought that went into this, so uneven is the playlist.<br />Four songs from Born in the USA? Please.  Though it was Springsteen's biggest seller, can true fans of the Boss say  they like &quot;Dancing in the Dark&quot; more than the unforgivably absent  &quot;Rosalita&quot;? And why add four previously unreleased tunes? Doesn't  'Greatest Hits' by definition mean 'songs we know' (or at least 'have heard  before')? Real diehards probably had those four in their bootleg  collections, already. Which means that the poor schmo just trying to get a  decent, well-rounded disc gets shafted. <br />I am flabbergasted by the  exclusion of material from the first two albums, which could yield at least  a half dozen 'greatest hits' between them: Blinded by the Light; Spirits in  the Night; The E Street Shuffle; Fourth of July, Asbury Park (Sandy);  Rosalita; and Incident on 57th Street.  <br />Don't get me wrong - much of  what's here is phenomenal: Badlands; Brilliant Disguise; The River;   Atlantic City; Thunder Road and, of course, THE anthem: Born to Run. It's  just too bad more thought hadn't gone into giving the paying fans a taste  of street-poet Bruce, rather than deferring wholesale to blue collar Bruce.  Our loss, sadly.
B00004RFCM|4.0|This is an entertaining, well-written series.  The real star is the city itself.  What a great setting!  Also great looking stars.
0446677450|5.0|Every day you delay reading this book costs you money.  I read some of the positive and negative reviews on this book and was compelled to put in my own two cents.  This book and the sequel (Cash Flow Quadrants) were two of  the most eye opening books I have read on personal finance.  I am by no  means an expert, but I have read at least 50 books in this area.  One of  the reviews I read stated this book was weak compared to The Motley  Fool's... and The Millionaire Next Door.  I have read both of these books,  and I completely disagree.  <BR><BR>Rich Dad Poor Dad is not a get rich  quick book, nor is it a book explaining one person's technique on creating  wealth.  It literally teaches the fundamental principals and thought  processes required to develop wealth.  I have recommended this book to at  least 100 people and have gotten nothing but positive feedback.  This book  is a must read for anyone who has the itch to develop passive income.   <BR><BR>Disclaimer: As great as this book, I do not recommend reading it  until you have taken control of your day to day finances.  If you are  living above your means, you need to gain control before you try to  multiply.  Read Financial Peace by Dave Ramsey first.
0788805843|1.0|WHAT A RIP-OFF OF GREEK MYTHOLOGY!  HERA WAS NOT  HERCULES MOTHER, SHE HATED HIM! I COULD GO ON AND  ON ABOUT HOW BAD THIS MOVIES MYTHOLOGY WAS, BUT I'LL SPARE YOU. THE ANAMATION WAS HORRIBLE!  DISNEYS IDEA OF GREEK ART  MADE ME SICK! SPARE ME! AS YOU CAN FIGURE OUT, THE MOVIES PLOT WAS  PREDICTABLE!  THANKS DISNEY, YOU'RE PROOF THAT AMERICA IS GETTING  DUMBER!   HELP!   THE PART ABOUT HERCULES BEING STOLEN BY HADES WAS VERY INACCURATE!
0783231032|5.0|I think Mike from Chicago had one too many baby back ribs.  This movie is hysterical.  Speilberg directed a comedy classic, and with Belushi, Aykroyd, and John Candy this comedy is of the 5-star variety.  <br />One of  the funniest movies ever made !<br />Hey Mike, get a sense of humor, and then  watch this again.  Maybe you'll laugh like the rest of us !
B00000K19E|5.0|The storyline provided the vehicle for an absolutely visually stunning movie.  Special Effects provided a part of the thrill but the Blade Runner-eqse film-noir is nearly as equally stunning.
B000002LGQ|5.0|Looking back over her almost 20 year career as the Queen of Pop, it would be almost impossible for anyone to disagree that this album is her masterpiece.  &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; is pure pop art, and is a disc that  belongs with Michael Jackson's &quot;Thriller&quot; and Prince's  &quot;Purple Rain&quot; to form the Holy Trinity of Pop Music Albums.  From  the opening guitar strains of the title track to the final humorous and  twisted &quot;Act of Contrition&quot;, the listener is brought into a lush  sonic world that makes you wanna take off your shoes and dance in a field  of daisies on a warm spring day.  My favorite Madonna song of all time,  &quot;Express Yourself&quot; is present on this album, and in it's original  brassy form (&quot;Immaculate Collection&quot; features a remix of the  song).  &quot;Till Death Do Us Part&quot; threatens to drive the ear drums  mad with its Pet Shop Boys-esque Euro-beat, but ultimately delivers a  frenzied and weary Madonna tackling her broken marriage.  The bittersweet  suite of &quot;Dear Jessie&quot; and &quot;Oh Father&quot; definitely bring  the album to it's climax of emotion, stripping away Madonna's pretenses and  showing her to be a sweet, hurt, and strong woman all rolled into one tight  package. Who could ever forget &quot;Cherish&quot;?  The song is cotton  candy - light and fluffy and melts in your mouth.  Please do not listen to  this album without grooving to &quot;Keep It Together&quot;, an obvious  homage to Sly and the Family Stone.  And I cannot end without speaking of  the pristine beauty of &quot;Spanish Eyes&quot;.  You just gotta hear that  one to believe it.
6305810109|5.0|Character actor Richard Farnsworth earned an Oscar Nomination for Best Supporting Actor in 1978 for his work in COMES A HORSEMAN.  His current performance as Alvin Straight in a magical, lyrical and lovely film, THE  STRAIGHT STORY, is even more extraordinary.  His face is a map of a  lifetime and is so incredibly expressive that, like Garbo, one almost does  not need dialogue to know what he's thinking and feeling. This is a film  about decent people being decent to each other - that's a rarity, eh?    I've seen just over half of the 35 Oscar nominated films from 1999 and only  this and MUSIC OF THE HEART contain no violence - what a comment on our  film world.  Alvin Straight sets out to see a brother who may or may not  have survived a stroke - to end a feud and set the record as straight as  his name.  He does this on a John Deere tractor, traveling from Iowa to  Wisconsin, since his age precludes an active driver's license.  Along the  way he meets a number of people, including himself, and leaves a bit of  wisdom, honesty and perspective in all the lives he touches.   Sissy Spacek  is also exceptional as his developmentally delayed adult daughter - she  deserved an Oscar nom in support for her performance here.   This is a  beautiful film.  Thank you, Director Lynch, and thank you, Mr. Farnsworth,  for sharing so much beauty and meaning with your fellow humans.
B000005QH3|5.0|I am sorry to say, but the car was NOT a 426 hemi. It is a 440 as stated many times. The car used for most seens was a 383 auto. Only the four speed was used for the cool shift scenes and burnouts. A little extra note, the  383 camera car was used to pull the shell of the 68 camaro into the  bulldozers by a cable.  Tim... Move Over Power Approaching Rapdily... MOPAR  rules
0684857820|5.0|This first person account of a rape when the author was in college is gripping!  The pages where she describes the rape are extraordinarily detailed and have a &quot;you are there&quot; quality (which is most  frightening).  This is the author's personal story, but probably also to  some extent the story of all rapes.  Excellent!
630512065X|5.0|I've read many different kinds of reviews about this amazing show.  I've  written some previously.  I first saw the video about two years ago and it  drew me to a wonderful group of other CATS lovers and we began and  maintained our friendships since then, sharing our dreams, our thoughts and  our lives.  CATS made that happen.  Without the show (video) I wouldn't  have met some these young, lively, intelligent, and incredibly warm people  and my life would be so much less interesting and so much duller.  What is  equally interesting is that each and every one of these people have,  somehow been inspired by CATS, and as often as not, have found role models.   If a single show can do that, can have so much impact on so many people,  young and old alike, then it matters very little (as some say) that there  is little plot to it.  It entertained.  It inspired.  It drew people  together.  It united millions of individuals from every corner of the  world.  Its impact will continue for many long years after the show closes  this year in June.  To those of you who failed to get what was there to be  harvested from this wonderful show, you have my sympathy.   To those of you  who were entertained, inspired and captivated enough to review and comment  on this site, my warm and most friendly appreciation, especially my closest  Cats/kitten friends, Angelbrat, Mungo, Neppy, Kalea, Quaxo, Hallie, Ecty,  Demeter and Bjohn.     Jellicle Frank
630587493X|5.0|I was very moved it.I could not stop sobbing my heart out the latter half of the story. It is  neary future android story style, but I think that it has deeply philosophical meaning. Don`t miss it if you are interested in  the three law of robotics.But I would like to recommend it for all people  not only SF fan.
6305807043|5.0|Imagine a film that could take you on a journey into the most unexpected places in both reality and fantasy. Nothing seems to be familar, and when it's all over, it's as if you've watched a dream unfold. This is the  feeling one gets watching &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot;, one of the most  startling original films to come out in a long, long time. It's creativity  is boundless, it's humour is bracing, and it's depth is sobering. It's hard  to think of a film that combines so many diverse elements and still work  perfectly, but this one does. This is a modern fable that feels like a  game, while it's characters (John Cusask, Cameron Diaz, Cathering Keener  and John Malkovich deliver superb performances) are mere puppets hanging on  a string, waiting to be in the movement of things. &quot;Being John  Malkovich&quot; raises some fascinating issues about the illusion of  celebrity, the quest for identity, and the way lust and greed can twist  people's live around. You can't help but wonder how some of it's ideas got  conceived in the first place, and why they work so well on screen. But if  you really want to nit-pick, the film does get too outlandishly serious  towards the end, but even this weakness cannot erase it's overall  brillance. It is safe to say that director Spike Jonze will be along side  Paul Thomas Anderson and David Fincher as the best new film-makers of the  21st century. If you think Hollywood can't produce anything of high quality  anymore, seeing &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; should restore your faith.
0920668364|5.0|When I was a child, my mother used to read me this book at nighttime.  It was one of my favorites as well as my brother's.  I'm currently away at college and far away from home.  Yesterday, my friend and I went to the  mall and ended up in the bookstore looking at all of our old favorite  childhood books.  I instantly picked up &quot;Love You Forever&quot; and  read it.  When I finished the book I found tears running down my face and  realized why this had always been both my favorite, as well as my mother's  favorite book. It's a classic story of the unconditional love that mother's  have for their children and a must have for any parent.  I'm trying to  start a library of my own for my future children and thought that this  would be a wonderful start.  I would urge all mothers to read this book to  their child, it's something they'll remember and cherish when they grow  older - trust me!
B00002MZ2T|4.0|I am usually NOT a fan of Popular music but this group made my exception list. I felt a wide range of emotions while listening to the CD for the first time. The second time I listened, I found myself stopping songs and  replaying them if only to enjoy the simplistic and yet insightful lyrics  that so easily found it's way home. The leading song AFFIRMATION is  definitely Pop music but I liked it anyway! The combination of Darren  Hayes' voice (and talk about range...how does he get up that high?) and the  lyrics made this song and the rest of the CD an incredibly worthwhile buy.  HOLD ME has an almost soulful feel to it and is a favorite of mine. TWO  BEDS AND A COFFEE MACHINE is the best song in my opinion.  The song is  about a battered wife with children, but listen to the words... it speaks  of a lonliness in a moment of despair to which we can all relate. It is all  the more poignant and heart wrenching again for the DH's voice and  beautiful music. And for those who wonder why not five stars... what can I  say, I'm still not a fan of pop music.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I caught this film for the first time on a trans-Atlantic flight.  Since there was nothing else to do, and no other movie choices, I watched it - expecting a cheesy B-grade trekkie-spoof.  Well, I certainly didn't expect  the film to turn out the way that it did.  I ended up watching it twice!   Why?  Well, it is very well acted, considering that the actors are playing  actors, and that they are taking off the 60's trek shows.  It is also very,  very funny.  On the second viewing, I found even more site gags that I  missed the first time round.  The humour is excellent, and the corny scenes  fit just beautifully.  It is very well directed, and the movie flowed well,  kept you entertained, and made you laugh out loud a lot.  Even if you  aren't a trekkie, you'll appreciate the plot.  But, if you - like me - grew  up with Star Trek, you'll appreciate the humour that little bit more.   Certainly worth watching at the flicks, and definately worth owning so you  can watch it a couple of times.
B000002UEB|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST BY THE GREAT METAL BAND--QUEENSRYCHE--I REMEMBER NOW--I DON'T BELIEVE IN LOVE--REVOLUTION CALLING-ARE CLASSICS BY THIS BAND..ALSO RECOMMEND&quot;EMPIRE &amp; RAGE FOR ORDER-3 OF THE BEST METAL CDS OF  ALLTIME..
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Outstanding, theme-atricle picturesque sound of now  and then........Great driving music  For those with musical taste and substance.  (Suprisingly there are a few of us in America)  Majors get a clue!
B000002UV9|5.0|I DONT CARE WHAT ANYBODY SAYS--THIS BAND CAN ROCK! ONE OF THE BEST METAL BANDS EVER..IF YOU LIKE DOKKEN,DEF LEPPARD,METALLICA,RATT,IRONMAIDEN,THIS IS A MUST HAVE CD FOR YOUR COLLECTION..EMPIRE--ANYBODY LISTENING-THE THIN  LINE--BEST I CAN--JET CITY WOMAN--ARE THE BEST SONGS IN THIS ALBUM.ALSO  RECOMMEND &quot;THE VERY BEST OF DOKKEN&quot;&amp; METALLICA &quot;AND  JUSTICE FOR ALL&quot; &amp; LOAD--3 OF THE BEST METAL ALBUMS EVER!
0790734311|5.0|With &quot;Unforgiven&quot;, director Clint Eastwood delivered his best film to date. The Oscars and countless other awards for this film were entirely merited.<br />Eastwood gives heroism and old Western clichees a  backseat and gives his movie a more realistic tone. He destroys the myth  that justice always triumphed in the good old west (one of the cowboys that  Eastwood shoots actually did not do anything wrong and Morgan Freeman is  sadisticly tortured though he did not kill anybody). The film is full of  strong, poetic imagery and the performances by Eastwood, Hackman, Freeman  and the supporting cast are all excellent. One should also not forget to  mention screenwriter David Webb Peoples (&quot;Blade Runner&quot;, &quot;12  Monkeys&quot;), whose script is one of the finest in the history of the  genre.<br />&quot;Unforgiven&quot; proved that many critics underestimated  Clint Eastwood. He showed that he is able to make a subtle, haunting and  intelligent film that is also entertaining. It's a pity that he did't make  any Westerns after this one. Maybe he thought he couldn't top it. If you  look at it that way, who could?
B00000JCB2|1.0|I see that Limp Bizkit has fallen victim to having their music homogenized by the sellout syndrome. I never really liked them even during the 3 dollar bill yall days, because the sound quality and lyrical quality of that album  (and this one) were absolutely juvenile. Titles like &quot;Break  Stuff&quot; show the lack of thought that Fred Durst puts into his lyrics.  The music is just absolutely soulless rap-metal that 311 and Rage do with  much more complexity and conviction. If you want solid rap-cum-metal, 311  and Rage are your best bets. And this free Napster tour is too little, too  late, to dispel the notion that &quot;Significant Other&quot; is going to  be forever known as a sellout album.
6303921248|5.0|Very few adaptations of novels become such a pleasure to watch as BBC's Pride &amp; Prejudice. The acting in the mini series in little less than remarkable. All the actors have well and truly captured the essence that  was England in the 18th century. Colin Firth as Mr Darcy and Jennifer Ehle  as Elizabeth Bennet give a truly memorable performance. Both of the  chracters imbed themselves into the veiwers minds and in a way transports  the veiwer back in time. In fact all the actors give a superb performance.  Overall it is a mini series that still holds its charm no matter how many  times you see it. It is truly a masterpiece and a worthy contender to be  the jewel in any ones video collection.
B000003TAR|5.0|If you don't have this CD, what... are you waiting for?   This is seriously one of those life changing, mind altering albums.  I know this because it certainly did all of that to me.  I actually got this CD around Christmas of 1993.  I listened to this and Pearl Jam's Vs. the same night.   This just blew Pearl Jam away!  There is simply no comparison.  While  Nevermind had the hit singles, this album attacks the listener with a  ferocity unequalled.  Serve the Servants, Scentless Apprentice, Heart  Shaped Box, Rape Me, Frances Farmer, Radio Friendly Unite Shifter, All  Apologies.  The list goes on and on.  Highest possible recommendation.
0679729895|5.0|In fact, a book worth reading, reading with pleasure. We felt throbbing by reading the three short funny tales about some interesting aspects about life and death. On the one hand a surviving brain and on the other hand a  vegetarian who dies in a packing-house, we really  adore those special  ideas, which gave us a lot of information and made us laughing. It was  exquisitely funny to read and we have to recommand it to everybody who is  not too tricky in that black humour. The way Roald Dahl describes his  exagerated ideas full of details let them show truly. thank you Roald,  we're your fans!  Martin and Matthew
0425107469|5.0|Two life forms escape from a government lab.  One - an intelligent, mutated, horrifying, man-eating creature.  The other - a dog of extreme intelligence.<br />On the surface this novel sounds absolutely silly, but  Koontz makes it work so well you simply cannot put the book down.  You  can't wait to find out what the dog, and his owner, are going to do  next.<br />Fun reading for a lazy, rainy afternoon.  Best enjoyed with your  canine best-friend close by.
0679729895|3.0|We just read an interesting book about Death -&quot;Three Tales of the Unexpected&quot; written by Roald Dahl.  All the three tales were funny to read  but they weren't really deep-going -just entertainment. But they  were refreshing to read! It was nice that one time death wasn't a serious  business but it was made to be humorous with the irony of destiny. For some  people the stories might seem  a bit brutal but that's the thing that makes  the book different of other books. This book and these stories were written  with a lot of imagination, what makes people love those stories all over  the world. <br />Two students from Aarau, Switzerland
630469654X|5.0|Other reviews have pointed out the perfect characterizations of the hero and heroine, the evil Bishop, the bumbling cowardly priest, but for goodness sake don't miss the hero's horse.  This horse is the real thing!  Bred in the middle ages to carry the knight with all his armor, this  magnificent animal really is what he appears to be: the medieval equivalent  of the Tiger Tank.  Watch him strike down evil, and carry the hero to  victory.  After the first 10 minutes you will forget the anachronistic  boy's behaviour and become submerged in the best movie fairytale since The  Wizard of Oz.
0679729895|4.0|We really liked reading this book. We admire the fantasy of Roald Dahl and about his black humor we had to laugh a lot. But sometimes he writes in great detail and the story becomes too long.  We read this book at school  and otherwise we read here an other kind of books. So it was refreshing to  read something different. The first moment when you read this book you  think its a total non-sense. But then, thinking about it, you see a  message. Every story is a metaphor. The title fits because the end of every  story is very surprising. We can recommend to read this book.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|this cd is excellent and shows rage against the machine continuing to refine and perfect their sound.  although it took a while for me to get into it, i eventually realized what a great album their first one was, and  when evil empire came out that blew the first one totally out of the water.  i was wondering how they would do it, but the battle of los angeles leaps  light years ahead of even evil empire, a stunning feat indeed.<br />this album  blends one of the best rock rhythm sections ever, with one of the most  innovative and skilled guitar players active in rock today, with an  incredibly literate, imaginative and energetic vocalist.  the sounds that  this band conjures out of the basic rock set-up of bass/drums/guitar/vocals  is simply stunning.  tom morello in particular deserves credit for being a  later day guitar hero.  zach's vocals are also totally engaging, not only  do they pack an intelligent thought-provoking message, but they complement  and play off the music perfectly, providing another rhythmic edge to the  soundscape.<br />sure there's room for criticism.  how can a band calling  itself rage against the machine even take itself seriously when it plays  the major label, corporate music business game and allows its music to be  co-opted by the establishment and marketed and sold to the consuming  masses? (and anyone who says rage against the machine is a band that will  never &quot;sell out&quot; has no concept/idea of what &quot;selling  out&quot; means, rage against the machine &quot;sold out&quot; before they  ever put out their first album.)  sure the argument can be made that by  playing the game they can get their message out to more people, but it's  all beside the point.  whatever you think about the political  hypocrisy/contradiction that is inherent in the entity of rage against the  machine, it ultimately comes down to four incredible musicians making  incredible music.  nothing else matters.
0679729895|2.0|The beginning is fairly interesting and it seems to be a well-made story. The topics he writes about are problems nowadays, especially this brain thing in William &amp; Mary. But the end is disappointing and his morbid  humour disgusting. <br />William &amp; Mary: an understandable, topical,  fairly realistic story. The end is less unexpected than it is in the other  stories. The argument can be followed. The characters are not really fixed,  one has to build his own opinion, because both, William and Mary, are in  their own ways enjoyable. Their actions are comprehensible. The end is  somewhat too hard for William, he's not as bad as Mary thinks and he hasn't  earned such a treating. It was the best story.<br />The wish: a relatively  realistic story, too, but totally exaggerated and stupid. You always expect  more than there is in the end.<br />Pig: Beginning okay, but the longer it  lasts the more stupid it becomes, the end is too cruel, unrealistic and  simply macabre. <br />In general we think that these are no stories for  children. They are simply scared to death.
B000023X9W|4.0|first of all let me say this is no AFTER THE GOLD RUSH or HARVEST MOON.it is a good NEIL YOUNG album and sould be look at as if it was a new album and not something from 20 years ago.there is no way you can play AFTER THE  GOLD RUSH and then play SILVER &amp; GOLD and say its as good.i do think  its a good cd and one ill play for years to come
0679729895|2.0|Review to Roald Dahl's three tales of the unexpected!<br />The unexpected has been well chosen from Dahl but that doesn't mean that this must be used in a negative sense. Like he does! All of the three stories have a foolish and  pessimistic end, which you would never expect. The first story tells about  a couple, where the husband died. He wanted to live on and so he followed  the instructions of the doctor and allowed, that the surgeon takes out his  brain of his head as soon as  he died. The joke about this story is, that  his wife who was always against this idea and she  wanted at the end even  take the brain home. And Dahl uses so many medical expressions, that you  nearly fall asleep by reading it. The second story we don't even remember,  what it was  about!   The third story is even more macabre than the first one and we would never  recommend it to people who are still a little bit normal! <br />Olivia &amp;  Fabienne         <br />If you want to tell us your opinion write to:  bianco@mails.ch
B000023X9W|5.0|If you're wonding whether or not to get this wondeful, folky, almoust acoustic CD by Neil Young, why not download a few of the sample songs.<br />This is Neil Young in full &quot;Harvest&quot; and &quot;Harvest  Moon&quot; mode. Essential for fans, but also a wonderful adition to any  fans of the folk-pop and singer-songwriter music of the 70's.  <br />This kind  of music has all but dissapeared in today's market.  This stuff is  gorgeous.  Neil sings in his high tenor, sometimes only accompanied by  guitar and harmonica, and does his beautiful compositions complete justice.   <br />Sometimes Neil can be a rocker, sometimes he's just plain strange, on  this set he's in full throttle folk and I LOVED IT!
0679729895|3.0|In fact , a book worth to read , to read with pleasure. We felt throbbing by reading the three short funny tales about some interesting aspects about life and death. On the one hand a surviving brain and on the other hand a  vegetarian who dies in a packing-house, we really  adore those special  ideas, which gave us a lot of information and made us laughing. It was  exquisitely funny to read and we have to recommand it to everybody who is  not too tricky in that black humour. The way Roald Dahl describes his  exagerated ideas full of details let them show truly. thank you Roald,  we're your fans!  martin and matthew from aarau, switzerland
0440234743|5.0|John Grisham is one of those authors, along with Stephen King, that never dissapoints.  Somehow Mr. Grisham always manages to top himself.  This book is his best yet.<br />I can honestly say I couldn't put this book down.  It's  not a short book, yet I finished it in three days.<br />This is the type of  book you'll be talking about, and thinking about, for days.<br />Highly  reccommended.
0679729895|3.0|I found the stories in &quot;Three Tales of the Unexpected&quot; in a way interesting. I saw what the intention of Roald Dahl was, which means I found the morbid humour in the stories. Nevertheless I missed something in  the stories. I cannot really say what exactly it was, I think it was not  tension which the stories lacked, but I found no full sense in the stories.  I must say that I liked &quot;William and Mary&quot; very much, and that  its sense was quite clear to me. The idea of Mary having the power over her  husband, being in fact only a piece of meat respectively brain. I didn't  dislike the stories, but as I said I am not sooooo delighted by them.  Anyway, I think i should find out something more about the circumstances  that Roald Dahl lived in, and what made him write the stories the way he  did. Moreover I think I should read one of his longer books like &quot;The  Gremlins&quot;...  <br />I rather play Ninetendo. I didn't like three tales of  the unexpected,  not one of the stories. Well, the second was the best even  though it wasn't very thrilling. Everybody knows and has, as a child, done  games like this one. The others were very absurd and senseless and that's  why I didn't like them at all.  I can't explain exacly why but I don't like  Dahl's writing style. Reading this book is an absolutely waste of time so  you'd rather read a book of John Irving (&quot;The Water-Method Man&quot;  is absolutely genial) or play with your nintendo.
0783239408|5.0|I used to always get Kevin Spacey and Kevin Pollack mixed up- not anymore.<br />Kevin Spacey is fantastic as a middle aged husband and father going through a mid life crisis- and we get to witness it in all it's  ugliness, in all it's agony AND it's ecstasty, and in all it's  victoriousness!<br />Kevin Spacey loses it in this movie in more ways than  one.  And the movie should be commended for it's ability to surprise.  This  is one move where you literally don't know what's going to happen next!  I  can't think of a more ORIGINAL movie.<br />The acting is just way too good.   The cast is stellar and somehow the director has coaxed performances of a  lifeime.<br />This movie titillates, angers, tickles and hits about every  other nerve you can think of.<br />And when it's all over, it gives you  something to think and talk about for months!
0679729895|3.0|As our title says, the stories are unusual and that makes them interesting.We have asked ourselves several times why the author has written such terrible things. He has a special fantasy,but why does he use  it for writing only negative stories? After reading his books we had an  uncomfortable feeling. Is this the meaning of  Roald Dahl's books? If we  wrote a book ,our aim would be to tell them a story and not to make them  frightened of this world. Anyway, it was a good variety to other books, but  we would never recommand it.<br />two students from Aarau, Switzerland
0783239408|5.0|I used to always get Kevin Spacey and Kevin Pollack mixed up- not anymore.<br />Kevin Spacey is fantastic as a middle aged husband and father going through a mid life crisis- and we get to witness it in all it's  ugliness, in all it's agony AND it's ecstasty, and in all it's  victoriousness!<br />Kevin Spacey loses it in this movie in more ways than  one.  And the movie should be commended for it's ability to surprise.  This  is one move where you literally don't know what's going to happen next!  I  can't think of a more ORIGINAL movie.<br />The acting is just way too good.   The cast is stellar and somehow the director has coaxed performances of a  lifeime.<br />This movie titillates, angers, tickles and hits about every  other nerve you can think of.<br />And when it's all over, it gives you  something to think and talk about for months!
0679729895|5.0|The book was written very exciting. You see the world through the eyes of a man  with a lot of fantasy and black humour. We had a very intensive feeling by reading them and the details were very impressive. You could  very well get involved in the main characters. Because of the many details  you could easy imagine visually. He has fear of describe disgusting things  like to expose calvarium and other operation. He writes with a effrontery.  The end is always unexpected but always surprising and refreshing. Two  students of Aarau, Switzerland
B000023X9W|5.0|If you're wonding whether or not to get this wondeful, folky, almoust acoustic CD by Neil Young, why not download a few of the sample songs.<br />This is Neil Young in full &quot;Harvest&quot; and &quot;Harvest  Moon&quot; mode. Essential for fans, but also a wonderful adition to any  fans of the folk-pop and singer-songwriter music of the 70's.  <br />This kind  of music has all but dissapeared in today's market.  This stuff is  gorgeous.  Neil sings in his high tenor, sometimes only accompanied by  guitar and harmonica, and does his beautiful compositions complete justice.   <br />Sometimes Neil can be a rocker, sometimes he's just plain strange, on  this set he's in full throttle folk and I LOVED IT!
0679729895|2.0|We find this book has no sense and that's why we have given this title to the text. The story is very cruel and bloody: We are not very religious but it is against every understanding of moral and ethics. All the endings are  pig dummy and absolutly stupid. The only plus point the ends have is their  surprising character. We were shocked about Dahl's ideas. How is it  possible to have such a morbid fantasy? In a way there are good parts, too.  The situations are well described and you can<br />really imagine the scenes.  We don't recommand this book, however, because you can use your time in a  better way. Carpe Diem! authors: 2 lovely students from cheesy Switzerland
6305426651|5.0|I was hesitant to get this movie.<br />Sub Titles scare me!<br />I was completley oblivious to them five minutes into the movie.  This movie rocks!  It captivated me from the get go.<br />It deserves all the accolades  it got.  The story is an outright inspiration.  <br />The father and son  relationship is pure gold.  And the old saying, &quot;You'll laugh, you'll  cry...&quot;, is the absolute truth in this movie.<br />If you need a  pick-me-up, forget &quot;Chicken Soup For The Soul&quot;!  Just put this  into your VCR and all of sudden life doesn't seem so bad after all.  <br />As  a matter of fact, life is beautiful!
0671004107|4.0|CONTACT is a great book. The main character, Ellie, is a radio astronomer looking for extraterrestrial intelligence, and the result makes all heck break loose. She makes enemies, is betrayed, is double-crossed, yet manages  to make some friends along the way. CONTACT is not only about aliens and  space and technology, but a book which makes us realize just how tiny we  are. Wonderfully crafted by Carl Sagan, creator of COSMOS; CONTACT feeds  the dreamer in all of us. Or, depending on who you are and what you  believe, the person just waiting for some proof.
0792835719|4.0|If you're over 40 (maybe 50), then you remember the days of Captain Video, Buck Rogers and Flash Gordon serials.  The 1956 movie &quot;Forbidden Planet&quot; was as much a step forward in special effects in its day as  &quot;2001&quot; in 1968 and &quot;Star Wars&quot; in 1978.  Not only that,  but it also had a great story line.
0060926317|4.0|Mutant Message Downunder is a passage way into the spiritual world of the aboriginies.  It's a true story about a woman from the civilized, or what the aboriginies call the mutant, world journied into Austrailia for an  amazing lesson about souls and the purposes of every living thing in life.   The natives also taught the woman how to survive in the worst of places,  spicificly the Austrailian desert itself.  With no money, no clothes, and  no identification after being burned in a ritual greeting, for the  aborigines has burned them, the woman was sent back to share her story with  the world in order to save the world. I don't recommend this story to  anyone under the age of ten due to its complicated descriptions of the soul  and definitions of life.
B00004TDTO|5.0|Watching Jaws on tape is such a strong annual event for me I plan to get this DVD ASAP.  My pleasure in this movie was almost sapped by an American Studies Professor assigning a class in the American Horror Film to read her  study: Jaws as Patriarchal Myth.<br />I just wanted to take this opportunity  to share some Jaws trivia:<br />&gt; Jaws was the first summer blockbuster,  the first summer movie released as an event (same-day national release with  saturation advertising).<br />&gt; &quot;Bruce&quot; the mechanical shark used  in the film worked so poorly Spielberg was forced to shoot around it.  By  doing so he delayed the appearance of the shark until so far into the movie  that there was unintended suspense.  Any viewer will tell you that suspense  makes the movie work very well.  This creative improvisation on Spielberg's  part is evidence of his strong, strong talent.<br />&gt; Robert Shaw's story  of the Indianapolis is true.<br />I recommend making a viewing of Jaws a  Spring tradition, also Bull Durham.  Good ways to get into the summer  spirit.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; is a fantastic book about a dying proffessor's last class that he ever taught.  This touching story is about this college proffessor,Morrie Shwartz, and his final class with a former  student,Mitch Album. Morrie is diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, and he  only has a short time left.  In his final time on earth he teaches Mitch  his greatest lesson of all.         This book really brings tears to your  eyes. It is a book that you can't put down.  There is no other book like  it.  If you need a book that will touch your heart, that is also  beautifully written this is the book for you.  This is a strong, true story  about the bond between a proffessor and a former student and his final  days.  I recommend everyone to read it.
B00000BKDW|4.0|Ok, there are two major songs here: &quot;Aces High&quot;, which is without doubt one of the best Maiden songs ever, and &quot;The Rime Of The Ancient Mariner&quot;, which is probably one of the few rocksongs, that  last over 10 minutes, but still don't bore you. Then there are few pretty  good songs and couple poor ones. That's a brief sum-up. If you're a Maiden  fan, you'll need to have it, and you'll most likely to love it, but if  you're  an average Joe, you don't necessarily need this, because you shall  buy The Best Of The Beast&quot;. There you have it!
0807281611|5.0|Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone was an imajinative, thrilling, and all-age book. J.K Rowling is an amazing author. I love how she describesall the charactores, and how she describes...EVERYTHING! Harry Potter is a boy  whose parents werekiled by a very powerful sorcerer. Thet's right, a  sorcerer. His name is Lord Voldermort.Harry's mom was a with and his dad  was a wizard. The book is about Harry growing up with his uncle Vernun and  aunt Petuna Dursley, who never discuss harrys' mom and dad. The Dursleys  didn't even tell Harry how his mom and dad died.(The dursleys are motal, or  &quot;muggles&quot; as wizards call them.)When Harry is old enough, He  finds out about his past,and learns he is a wizard.From a letter that he  got from the famouse wizard and witch school, Hogwarts.The letter that he  is enrolled into Hoggwarts and his parents left him a lot of wizard  money.The story just begins there. The story follows into another two books  that are just as fascinating as the first one. I highlysuggest you read  this incredible book, and follow Harry' breath takeing adventure.
0312243022|5.0|I wish I could thank Michael personally for writing this book.  He deserved the pulitzer for this!   Wonderful!   True art and Literature at it's best!  This man can turn a phrase with the best of them.  He really  blends the three perspectives well, what harmonious music.  This book  sings.  This is not only an interesting story, but well written as well.
0807281611|5.0|Have you ever played a sport while flying on a broomstick? In &quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone&quot; J.K. Rowling gives you a front row seat of her idea of a mystical world of witches, wizards, and dragons.  Harry Potter is just your average 11-year-old with a little hint of wizard  blood in him. In &quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone&quot; Harry  goes off to Warthogs the school of witchcraft a wizardry. In Harry Potter's  first year at Warthogs he runs into some consequences that add up to one of  this years magnificent fiction thrillers. This is a great book that  everyone should read and that is why I give it five stars.
B0000024UX|5.0|What an incredible listening experience! Most records out now (or back then for that matter) don't draw from such diverse sources and are still consistently excellent. Everyone knows the greatness of the classics on the  album (&quot;BOTW&quot;, &quot;The Boxer&quot;, &quot;Cecelia&quot; and  &quot;El Condor Pasa&quot;). But, the songs that weren't hits are excellent  and nearly as good as the classics (not to mention better than most groups  entire catalogs). &quot;So long Frank Loyd Wright&quot; is gorgeous.  &quot;Keep the Customer Satisfied&quot; and &quot;Baby Driver&quot; are  great upbeat and swinging rockers. &quot;Song for the asking&quot; is a  fitting epitaph to an incredible duo. The only flaw on the album is a dry  live version of &quot;Bye Bye Love&quot; but, the song is not unlistenable.  And after all, what album doesn't have flaws?
0671027344|4.0|When I finished the book &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; I had to think about what message the book was trying to give.  It talked about everything that a teen goes through in high school through a boy names  Charlie.  The story is a collection of letters he write to the person he  thinks can relate to him the most, but he never tells the person who he is.   When the book starts out he is a nervous boy starting high school.  He has  no friends because his best friend Mark has just died.  He does not have  anyone to talk to but his English teacher.  Throughout the book they form a  special bond together.  Along the way he meets great friends who teach him  many new thing.  Although life far charlie was never perfect his friends  were always there for him.  I would recamend that all teens read this book.   It was very intiresting.
6303426468|3.0|As a clever business man, Arnold knows he must vary his products to stay on top. THis is one of the results of this strategy. Its a good movie, no compromises, a few laughs, a good afternoon program.
0684872153|4.0|\\"Dad says I'll understand when I grow up.  He tells me that all the time now and I want to be big like him so that I can understand everything.  It must be lovely to wake up in the morning and understand everything.  I wish  I could be like all the big people in the church, standing and kneeling and  praying and understanding everything. p.132<br />Through his childhood  biography, McCourt created a novel that was not only true but was also  real.  One family.  One miserable family struggling through life at the  bottom.  McCourt's words were a steady stream of hardship, hurdles and  grief.  I admire this work.  The novel was a very honest look into its  author's soul and of his outlook on life.
0780622642|2.0|This was a good try to remake the television series, with great budget, but it sounds a little bit &quot;heartless&quot;. Hurt is totally without charisma (contrary to Guy Williamson in the series. THe movie never takes  off, but there are certain good and funny moments. It used the old plot of  &quot;time-travel&quot; to make the history.
B00003CWRX|5.0|Michael Mann has delivered an engrossing, visually compelling film about a subject that could have been lifeless and boring. This story of Jeffrey Wigand, a corporate VP and scientist for the Brown &amp; Williams tobacco  company, kept me riveted to my TV screen.  <br />Wigand, played by Russell  Crowe in an incredible performance, blew the whistle on Brown &amp;  Williams and their corporate policy of using cigarettes as the means to  deliver altered nicotine to their customers.  His decision to do so  resulted in personal hardship for him and his family.<br />The other part of  this story is about Lowell Bergman, played by a surprisingly low-key Al  Pacino, and how he convinced Wigand to tape an interview with Mike Wallace  exposing the B&amp;W information.  When CBS realized that the story could  open them to litigation, they refused to run the 60 Minutes interview.   <br />This film tells of the turmoil surrounding both Wigand and Bergman as  they find out that, in big business, money sometimes overshadows integrity.   <br />This is not an overly preachy film.  It delivers a message as much  about personal integrity as it does about corporate greed.  Wigand is  portrayed as a faulty hero - at times dislikable, at others a heroic figure  who just wants to do the right thing.  Kind of like most of us.<br />The DVD  delivers a fine anamorphic transfer and the audio is a subtle but clean  Dolby Digital 5.1 track.  There are limited extras (as is the norm for most  Disney studio films) but the short featurette was nice to have, as you see  the real Wigand and Bergman discussing aspects of the film.
0767815335|1.0|Truculent, unispired directed movie. The original idea was good, but was wasted while developing it. THi child is annoying, not a good actor at all.
B00003CXDV|4.0|Galaxy Quest was the most fun I have had watching a movie in a long time.  My wife also enjoyed it and she is not a sci-fi fan.  That is the point with this movie.  You don't have to like science fiction, although it does  help with some of the more subtle references.<br />Tim Allen plays the actor  playing Commander Taggert with ease, moving from a self-centered washout to  genuine hero in the span of less than two hours.  Alan Rickman delivers his  gems of dialogue with gusto - much as he did in Die Hard.  And Sigourney  Weaver is fun to watch as Gwen Demarco who has &quot;only one job on this  ship.  It's stupid, but I'm going to do it.&quot;<br />The anamorphic  widescreen is crystal clear and the special effects in the film are better  than some I have seen in more &quot;serious&quot; sci-fi films.  The Dolby  Digital 5.1 soundtrack is fun and a decent demo for your sound system.   <br />The disk includes some nice extra features.  A featurette on the making  of the film shows that the set of Galaxy Quest was probably as much fun to  be on as the movie is to watch.  And a series of deleted scenes are  included, some of which might have made decent additions to the final  film.<br />All-in-all a very satisfying experience and another nice value from  Dreamworks.
B00000JGEN|3.0|The only good adaptations from a Stephen King book were, in my opinio: &quot;Carrie&quot;, &quot;Pet Cematery&quot;, &quot;Act Pupil&quot; and &quot;The Green Mile&quot;. The rest, including this one, didnt work. But  for someone who had not read the book, its a good &quot;future&quot;  adventure.
6300216802|4.0|Although overlong and dull, 'ST:TMP' is an often-fascinating, odd approach to filming 'Star Trek'. The key words are 'Motion Picture' - whilst the subsequent 'Star Trek' were often better, this was the only attempt to make  a truly 'cinematic' 'Star Trek' film.<br />The story behind the making is  probably more interesting than the film itself. In brief, it grew from an  aborted 'Star Trek: Phase Two' television series, and was produced with a  large budget by Paramount's motion picture division. A troubled production,  marred by an aborted initial set of special effects, led to a production  that was delivered at the last minute, and over budget to the tune of 30  million dollars - a lot in those days, and twice the expected cost. Coupled  with a bad critical reception, it almost killed off the franchise, despite  eventually turning a profit.<br />The good things - Douglas Trumbull's effects  are striking, dark and mysterious, much closer to 'Alien' than subsequent  'Star Trek' films, and space seems a much more dangerous place. Jerry  Goldsmith's music is the exact opposite of his 'Planet of the Apes' work -  lush and melodious, it has to do an awful lot, as Robert Wise's direction  is often very slow and ponderous. There's a memorable, loud 'twannng' noise  in there that became a cliche in subsequent sci-fi films. Furthermore, the  opening sequence, as Klingon battleships are knocked out of the sky by a  malevolent force, is fantastic.<br />On the other hand, the plot is very thin  for the two-hour running-time (Kirk and Co. inspect new Enterprise - Kirk  and Co. fly towards giant energy cloud - Kirk and Co. deal with giant  energy cloud - end), the costume designs have dated horribly (if they were  not dated already), and the film spends so long pondering supposedly deep  questions of life, the universe and everything that the people seem to get  lost.
B00000JGEF|4.0|An authentic goodArnold film: violence, but with brains. It introduced a character (THE PREDATOR) who even went into comic, with success. Last important appearance, in movies, by the great &quot;APOLLO CREED&quot; from  ROcky...
B0000048YO|5.0|Hayworth, in her most famous role, is the flaming-red wife of wartime Argentine &quot;businessman&quot; George Macready, who keeps her on a very short leash.  Good thing:  as she admits, &quot;If I were a ranch they'd  call me the 'Bar None'.&quot;  Glenn Ford is hired as her bodyguard;  trouble is, Glenn and Rita still keep old torches smouldering for one  another.  This very strange movie, which wanders between Buenos Aires and  Montevideo, bristles with unspoken meanings: for instance, the strong  suggestion of a homosexual attraction between Ford and Macready.  Gilda  offers some of the most chiseled and overwrought dialogue in postwar movies  (no mean achievement).  While most fans tune into this movie for Hayworth's  all-out tackling of the title role, more interesting is Glenn Ford's early  foray into film noir; he would become one of its most emblematic icons,  culminating in Fritz Lang's 1953 The Big Heat.
0446364495|5.0|I have read this book at least a dozen times &amp; have learned something about love and sacrifice each time. It is to me, the most profound love story ever written.<br />In it's simplicity lies it's lyrical treasures. Try  reading it aloud. Each word will roll off your tongue as hushed whispers in  a candlelit Iowan kitchen. And, yes, as the author suggests in his  foreward...you too may even learn to &quot;dance&quot; again~~
0671027344|5.0|He is everywhere, in our math classes and at our lunch table.  He watches, rarely joining in the conversation, drawing his own conclusion and gathering the insight he need to fill his poignant letters to an unknown  friend. He is Charlie.  Fourteen, strikingly brilliant, he possesses a  sensitivity and intuition  to absorb life in a way that no other can.   <br />In this captivating novel, Stephen Chbosky. illustrates what it is like  to be \\"Standing on the fringes of life..\\"  Charlie isn't popular, yet he  isn't unpopular.  He floats through life listening and watching.  He fills  his letters to an unknown friends with everyday happens, making them seems  not so everyday due to his uncanny views of life.  In the hell we all call  High School he befriends an aspiring film maker-teacher who recognizes how  special Charlie really is.  He also becomes part of a very eclectic,  interesting groups of Seniors, who adopted them as their own \\"wall flower.\\"   Among them is the beautiful, witty, chain smoking Sam, who Charlie  secretly and sometimes not so secretly loves.  And Sam's step-brother,  Patrick. bitter, too wise for his years, and openly gay.  With them Charlie  peeks through the fringes, occasionally coming out to \\"Time Warp.\\"<br />This  book is filled with everything that makes High School such a beautiful,  painfully excruciating,  experience from Mix tapes, thrift shop clothing,  drugs, cigarettes and \\"The Rocky Horror Picture Show\\", to death, sex,  depression, homosexuality, and pregnancy. Told through the letter of  one  of the most noble, honest, genuine, fictional characters it goes against  the grain to portray what life is like, not for the average teen, but for  those who are just a little bit different in a whole lot of ways.
6303402348|5.0|I guess a lot of people have thought hard about this film, which first appeared nearly a decade ago. What the range of conclusions might be is hard to say: I mean, what is Gump trying so hard to tell us? As he strides  back and forth across America, becoming hairier by the minute, are we not  walking in the crowd behind him, trying to get a grip on what it's all  about? It seems to me that that is Gump's mission, to get us up and  thinking; certainly not following gurus from coast to coast. If Gump can  figure it out (and it seems that eventually, he had just about everything  figured out), then maybe we can too. Maybe we don't all have moms who  believe in us that much, but even so, maybe we could all try just that much  harder: like Gump.<br />It's a fascinating look at America, with its odd  historical background and the tendency for the underdog to somehow win  through. Still, we must not forget that Gump is a white American and a  member of the most privileged race on Earth when it comes to getting hold  of the world's resources and running with them. That's what Gump did, but  maybe he was just silly enough not to be able to see the big picture like  everyone else, so that instead, he could take off on a voyage of personal  discovery. Maybe we could do something that simple ourselves....
0316286869|5.0|Kevyn's voice in this book is so nice and not condescending, that half the fun was just reading his anecdotes.  The transformations he effects on people are amazing, just look at the pages with his sister Carla!<br />The  looks presented toward the end are just amazing, the people are mostly  unrecognizable, but the first part talks about make-up for you and me.  Do  you want to spotlight your eyes?  Try the Julia Roberts smoky look, I did  and amazed myself!<br />I also like that Kevyn doesn't use brand names or  specific shades, I can't afford $50 eyeshadow, so I have to work with what  I can, or with a shade that I prefer, and he allows for that.  It's all  about your choices and what you want to do.<br />And that teacher's note at  the end is so sweet....
B000023X9W|4.0|I grew up with Buffalo Springfield playing in life's background. CSN&amp;Y thrilled me with DejaVu. Neil's Harvest was just about the best laid-back LP I ever had. I was disappointed with Neil's grunge period LP's and cds  (just not my style of music?). I was very glad to listen to this CD and  enjoy that more mellow Neil Young sound again. He may not have the most  mellow, the easiest on the ears kind of voice, but he spoke to us then and  continues to speak to us, over all these many years. I recommend this CD to  anyone who liked Neil in his &quot;Harvest&quot; years. For us in the over  50 crowd, this may be a pleasant trip back to a gentler sound. To my 26  year old son, it's a good sounding CD that he now wants for his collection.  Well done Neil!
0060931671|5.0|The above title isn't sarcastic, by the way. I love this book. It's full of what Pynchon does best, and it's short enough not to be a chore to read. <br />P.S.(...)
B00003OSSM|3.0|At least that's what I wondered during the first hour of watching this Harrison Ford movie.  Nope, this is absolutely nothing like &quot;Air Force One,&quot; &quot;Patriot Games&quot; and especially the Indiana Jones  trilogy. Quick plot recap -- Ford is an Internal Affairs sergeant whose  wife dies in a plane crash.  He soon discovers his wife was on the plane  with her lover -- the husband of a congresswoman.  He obsessively tries to  find out more about the affair, much to the distress (and eventually the  attraction) of the congresswoman (Kristin Scott Thomas). I kept waiting for  Ford to show some emotion other than looking confused, but then I realized  he hit it right on the money. Put yourself in his (and her) shoes -- what  would you want to know if your spouse died CHEATING on you?  Would you want  to know why or try to put it behind you? Charles S. Dutton is predictably  good, but is absolutely wasted in his role as Ford's cop buddy as they  investigate a crooked cop (Dennis Haysbert -- also wasted). Bottom line --  rent it first.
0684833395|4.0|This book I thought was at it's best in the beginning. It continued well bought could not keep up the humor using the same kind of jokes that Heller kept using. Maybe it was just too long. Catch 22 was an original and well  written and sometimes hilarious novel. It's message is that nothing should  be taken seriously, or is it that everything should be taken seriously? Who  stole my plum tomato?
B00000AFWZ|1.0|I'm a little more than ticked off that this beautiful compilation of songs were all (with exception of 2 or 3 songs) recorded in monaural rather than stereo. And there is NO MENTION anywhere on the packaging of this fact.  Tends to sound like AM Radio. I have a couple of LP versions of the Nuggets  sets and those were done in stereo. . .I don't get it. . .and I probably  wouldn't have bought it if I had known.
1559272627|5.0|I enjoyed the book as it provided a &quot;non-cluttered&quot; approach to adding meditation to our everyday lives without getting caught up in all the various theologies, etc that are often a part of such instruction.
000472383X|5.0|I gave this book 5 stars because the content of the book is superb - it is Oscar Wilde we're talking about here, after all. But I would like to comment on the actual publication itself. I can't believe that this is the best that Collins could come up with for a centenary edition. The paper is far too thin and the size of the book is also too small. The old Collins Complete Works edited by Vyvyan Holland was a much more attractive volume.
6305426651|5.0|After the movie ended, the audience didn't say a word, didn't move an inch.  Just what did this?  Was it the devastating contrast between comedy and tragedy (in this case it could be partly considered as a triumph)?  Was  it how palpable it was to touch the characters' lives, even though the  comedy was &quot;too unrealistic&quot;?  &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; is a  great film, a charming and poignant one at that, and an unconventional  masterpiece.  It probably is the best foreign picture of the year, and it  stands as a hilariously haunting movie, one of a kind.
0790729628|1.0|I have seen the original movie, so &quot;cut-and-paste&quot; here the praises from others.<br />It is just that I do not see why I should pay to get a partial work.<br />Come on guys, our family members each spent an average  of eight hours to view the bonus features of the Matrix, almost like  watching four splendid movies. Go to a friend who has the Matrix DVD and  request to &quot;follow the white rabbit&quot;, you'll see what I  mean.<br />This is how DVDs must be: Give you so much more to see and  enjoy.<br />From what other reviewers say about this DC DVD, it should have  more bonus features, plus multiple endings, plus... plus... You can forgive  the directors for wanting to force their ideas in the original release, it  is their prerogative, and they offered a good work there; but why  &quot;force&quot; again here? Why not offer alternate versions, and /or  alternated endings at least, not to speak of behind the scenes?<br />Sorry, I  will suffice with my old deteriorating VHS.
6305807086|4.0|&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is hilarious and out-of-this-world.  All performances are across-the-cast superb, and every scene seethes with creativity and an unbridled energy.  Watching it, we can't help but smile  and appreciate its fearless invasion of the mind, and its journey into the  unconventional.  A truly unique film, one that doesn't really amount to  anything, though.  We walk out of the theatre saying &quot;That was so fun!   It's been a while anything this funny came down the pike...&quot; but then  we'd say &quot;So what?&quot;  Well, for some of us, &quot;so what&quot; is  that the movie gave us a breath of fresh air.
B00003A9QI|4.0|The music to this album is stunning... unfortunately it is alittle repetitive, but worse, it does not have all of the music of themovie.  Omitted is a song something like &quot;Honolulu, Lulu&quot; or similar, which really fits in with the sounds of the movie and some of the dialogue.  In short the omitted song is central to the movie.  I think other vocals are missing as well, which would go to remind one of the movie... and that's one of the reasons I like movie sound tracks.  Yet I love what is on the album... the main theme is perfetly matched to the feel of the story and to the part of Maine where it takes place... simply beautiful and haunting.   I only wish that it would be possible to re-release this album, and add back the missing sounds.  By the way, the movie is one of my all-time favorites; I have seen it 3 or 4 times in the theater, already
B00003CWRX|5.0|I loved &quot;American Beauty&quot;, but &quot;The Insider&quot; was right up there with it in all of its palpably affecting state.  I swallowed every scene like it was water, twitched at every misfortune that fell upon its  characters.  Both Pacino and Crowe are extraordinarily convincing and  compelling, and for us to sit there and hear their their frantic attempts  to resolve their problem is like sitting in cold water, or boiling water.   Powerful and terribly compelling, &quot;The Insider&quot; is one of the top  films of the year.  It's way up there.
0812523334|1.0|I haven't read this book &amp; probably should.  I started to in grade school and got bored after 2 pages.  Anyway, I watched the movie recently and was very confused.  It was a pretty good story and apparently  autobiographical, but can someone who is hip on this story answer some  questions.  e-mail me at msbeckaru@aol.com<br />1) Who is Marmee?  The  sisters are Meg, Jo, Beth, &amp; Amy as best as I could tell.  Does the mom  have a name? 2) Is Teddy the same person as Laurie cuz I'm really confused  on that. 3) What are Meg's babies names?  They didn't say in the movie. 4)  Who's the old lady who leaves Jo the poodle and the house?  Is she a  relative?<br />Thanks.
1878424114|5.0|The beauty of this book is that it is so simply written. I finished it in a day, because I wanted to read on, but it really should be savored slowly.<br />Regardless of your religious beliefs, the laws make sense in a  very basic way. They are about living your life in a simple, open way --  leaving yourself open to opportunity, giving yourself space to hear your  inner voice, learning not to judge or be influenced by the judgment of  others, and other worthy ideas. Each chapter is devoted to one law, and  each law has three supporting ideas that are recapped at the end of the  chapter for easy reference.<br />In the concluding chapter Chopra sums up the  seven laws by observing a single cell in a living organism. It was a  beautiful example that illuminated the simplicity and sense of the laws.
B000005IRG|5.0|a great album, so melodic and so much anger in it.The guitar is amazing. This album for me is the beging of the Punk generation.
0786707283|4.0|Do you know how most books save their big surprise for the end? This one fools ya -- there are a couple of big surprises sprinkled at the most, well, surprising places in the book. I won't tell you where they are --  that would be cheating.<br />Besides the surprises, this one has plenty of  suspense and interesting characters. Even the villain is memorable, and in  many ways, understandable.<br />Anne M. Marble Reviewer, All About Romance
6302453356|5.0|Despite what other reviewers may say about &quot;HOOK&quot;, the movie speaks for itself. This movie works best for people who still believe in that magical place &quot;between asleep and awake&quot;, where imagination  knows know bounds, and that youthful paradise of Neverland is always  &quot;second star to the right and straight on till morning.&quot;  <br />Dustin Hoffman, Robin Williams, Julia Roberts, and Bob Hoskins deliver  great outstanding performances sharp to those in the original story. The  continuing story of &quot;Pan&quot; is wonderful! The grown up Peter  Banning must return to Neverland to save his children. Not only must he  come to realize his past as the Peter Pan which leads to his clamactic  fight with Captain Hook, but recognize his priorities when it comes to his  family and children. <br />A great family movie! Killer orchestrations and  scoring by the incomparable John Williams!<br />I've loved this movie since it  first came out and I've loved it ever since! This movie will leave you  filled with a sense of child-like wonder and magic. Do we ever really grow  up? At most, &quot;HOOK&quot; and Spielberg leave us wondering if the child  in us all still exists into the hapless years of adulthood. Never ever grow  up with &quot;HOOK&quot;.
B000001ELL|4.0|I can understand why the average die-hard KISS fan would have run for the hills after hearing &quot;I was Made...&quot;.  By my own admission, I was never a big disco fan.  And maybe it's only in retrospect that you can give  this album any credit, but poppy or not, it's got some of the strongest  writing of the makeup days, and thankfully the best contributions come from  Ace.<br />&quot;Hard Times&quot; (surely somewhat autobiographical),  &quot;Save Your Love&quot; and the cover of the Stones' &quot;2000  Man&quot; are easily the best tunes on the album; the balls-to-the-wall  approach can't easily be obscured by Poncia's production.  But  &quot;Charisma&quot; is a great Simmons tune that deserves it's A-side  status.  &quot;Dirty Livin'&quot; is weak, and while &quot;Sure Know  Something&quot; is a bit twee, there's no denying it's catchiness.<br />They  drew heavily on this album for &quot;MTV Unplugged&quot;, and the reason is  the songcraft.  Well worth the listen the critics want to deny you.
B00003CWOL|5.0|i have seen every movie that kevin has put out and they just get better. The all star cast was amazing through this whimzical ride through the last days of earth. Chris rock is funny as usual but the real stars that shine  ithis movie are JAY and SILENT BOB! Before you ever see them on the screen  you know that this movie was wrote to bring these two characters to the  forfront. The parts they had in the other movies were great but in this  movie they shine. I recomend this movie to anyone that likes to laugh and  feel like they can leave the movie and recommend it to anyone. I know i  have.
0061020710|5.0|I am another newcomer to the Discworld series. I am very pleased that I decided to pick this book up. I do read a lot of fantasy novels and The Color of Magic manages to be a great fantasy book while poking fun at the whole genre at the same time. The whole concept of Discworld is hilarious,  and brilliantly imaginative. I will be reading more of these books and  recommend that others do the same.   The Color of Magic is for anyone with a love of fantasy and having it  ridiculed mercilessly.
B000001FDK|5.0|Grease the Soundtrack is a great album!    I also saw the movie, and it was great.  I would recommend this CD to anyone who likes 50's sock-hop type songs, or just likes GREASE a lot
6305127638|5.0|This is truly the best of the next generation and one of the best Star Trek films ever made , the director Jonathan Frakes ingenious idea to take The Best Of Both Worlds the most popular TNG , episode ever and make it  into a continuation film, it worked with space seed and The Wrath Of  Khan.With the brand new federation ship Enterprise E , Picard is having  unusual nightmares about his old nemisis foe the Borg a cybernetic race  bent on destroying everything in galaxy and assimilating it , but Picard  fears his nightmares are all but true until he get's a message from an  admiral , the borg are on a course for earth to invade it and assimalate  it. After Picard get a directive  not to engage the borg he hears the with  out his help the federation outnumberd.After the battle with the borg they  follow the borg pod to earth they discover that they have already  assimilated earth.They must go back to 2043 to make sure that First Contact  happens or the earth will be assimlated by the borg.<br />   This star trek is  truly epic it dosen't have much options but it has great picture quality  and sound.It is no doubt one of the best star trek films ever made.
067158037X|4.0|I was loaned this book that I had seen everywhere and the cololess cover certainly did not attract me to the book.  But since it was on tape and I had along trip, I starrted it and found it very slow going and totally  unentralling. But I kept with it and found McCourt a very good writer but  too full of limericks and song for a non-Irish. His accent and reading  intonation were delightful but it is not a book I would care to read or see  the movie. Even though the poverty was shocking, I did not come away  learning more about a subject than before I had read it. It feels like yet  another &quot;tragic Oprah&quot; story......
0767802659|5.0|I simply cannot believe some of the views written about this film.  One of my lecturers at University (I do film studies) called it a &quot;a nasty little facist film&quot;.  I have seen similar views here.  You people just  don't get it do you?  While Heinlein may have been a fascist, anyone who  knows Verhoeven's work knows how his WWII childhood affected his life and  his films.  STARSHIP TROOPERS is ferociously anti-fascist, and it's  &quot;hero's&quot; are portrayed as bland and unthinkingly acceptant of  their society on purpose to make a satirical point about the world today --  namely that people accept their lot all too readily.  The people who watch  this film and accept that we are meant to emphasize with their political  beliefs are missing the point, while proving it at the same time.  These  &quot;heros&quot; have very little free will and are simply fodder to throw  at the bugs!   Besides, any film that has the audacity to put Doogie Howser  in a gestapo outfit cannot be taken at face value...
B00001MXWX|4.0|Unlike other Star Trek fans, I rather enjoyed this latest entry in the series. The biggest problem with any new Trek motion picture is that people will have developed their own vision of what the film should be, even before they've seen it in the cinema. It's difficult to watch such a film  because a fan will always have an idea of how they think characters should  act, or which conventions shouldn't be violated (eg. killing off major  characters). On the other hand, watching an ST film with fans is an  experience to be cherished, because they understand all the humor and  action that plays out on the screen.<br />After the frenetic fast pace and  heavy action in the previous film (First Contact), it was refreshing to  watch a film that takes a slower pace. The cinemaphotography reflects this,  with some beautiful shots of the Baku village and the surrounding  landscape. The biggest complaint I have is that the Baku homeworld looks  far too much like Earth. Even Babylon 5, on a smaller budget, would attempt  to portray alien worlds as being genuinely alien. Just why should the Baku  be human? ...The special effects are surprisingly enough, on a par with those done by ILM in First Contact. It's the first time that the Enterprise has been totally CGI-rendered. The result is very good, although the first shot of the Enterprise at the beginning of the movie looks a bit too much like a hastily constructed plastic model. The battle scenes between the big-E and the bad guys are excellent - probably the best...And Michael Welch gave a better performance in this film than Jake Lloyd did in the lamentable Star Wars: The Phantom Menace. It's too bad the material didn't live up to the performances. <br />Picard's storyline was rather well developed, and once again Patrick Stewart turns in a sterling performance.  Just as William Shatner was the lead performer in the original series, Patrick Stewart is here. I honestly couldn't imagine a Trek film without him in it. It's also good to see Riker (Jonathan Frakes) and Troi's (Marina Sirtis) romance being revived.<br />Now onto the dissapointments. Firstly, I'm amazed that there were only two references to the Dominion War in the entire film. I've never watched Deep Space Nine, but I gather that the Dominion War is the largest conflict the Federation has ever been involved in, a battle that threatens the very survival of the Federation. So why couldn't the writers use the Dominion War as a starting point, instead of the Baku? After the Borg, the Jem'Hadar and the Founders would've been obvious choices as bad guys. They almost certainly would've been better choices than the Sona'a. <br />I suspect that the reasons might've been a rift between the creators of ST:TNG and DS9. If that is the case, then shame on both sides. The movie's plotline gives the impression that the Enterprise has not been used in the Dominion War. Many columnists on the internet have assumed that the Enterprise would not be able to cope with the traumas of a real war. Considering the events in First Contact, I hardly think that's the case. But unfortunately, that's the impression I got from this movie.<br />  ...In conclusion, yes, Insurrection does have more in common with your typical TNG episode. But it's still a thoroughly enjoyable romp with some old friends. But although I understand the creators intentions to try something more lighthearted, surely they could've chosen a subject more in keeping with continuity? The Dominion War would've been a better choice than the Baku.  END
B000006O7C|4.0|I am 12 and have had Sketches for a about six months. My sister introduced me to Jeff Buckley's first album about a year earlier. Me, being a Jimi Hendrix, and Beatles fan, I didn't take much notice of the album. But after a while, after a long time of listening to it in the car, I relized I knew  all of the songs on the album, and began listening to it over and over.  Grace was an amazing album, polised to perfection, and when buying  Sketches, I wasn't sure of what would come of this 2-cd set. The first cd,  being my personal favourite, doesn't seem unfinished at all. Even if the  sound wasn't as solid as compared to Grace, it made the music stand out  more, mainly Jeff's incredible voice. I have had the CD for a while, and  almost all the songs are great, 'The Sky Is A Landfill' being a powerful  lyrics and heavy yet beautiful music. And of course, 'Everybody Here Wants  You' is a lovely song, which definately stands out. 'Nightmares by the Sea'  is pretty cool, and 'New Years Prayer' has a great haunting sound. The  second CD, does have some good tracks, yet doesn't come to the same  standard of the first. The majority of the songs, are home recorded, and  you can hear how well he used his resources(banging on the microphone for a  thumping beat) There is some weired sounds here too. The last song though,  'Satisfied Mind' is one of the albums best. It's the sort of slow,  heavenly, yet bluesy, song that leaves you humming(if you can sing that  well!) Sketches is a good as Grace, if not better. I was horrified to hear  of Jeff Buckleys death, and I don't think that there is many young, great  musical poets left who could bring out emotions like Jeff could. His death  was a great loss.  Recently, I heard of 'Mystery White Boy' and I have  heard Jeff live in Australia on the radio. I am eager to check this out.
B0000046W9|5.0|Be fore-warned, if you simply buy the single Getz/Jobim cd (which Verve has recently re-mastered and re-packaged, you will be longing for more.  So, cut to the chase and simply break down and make the investment from the  start.<br />I don't know where to begin with this set.  I've had it for years  now, and have never grown the least bit weary of it.<br />This is perfect,  beautiful, music for every facet of your life.  Whether it's relaxing,  lounging, sailing, &quot;digging your toes in soft sand&quot;,  &quot;sunning while sipping fruity intoxics&quot;, intimacy, &quot;driving  along your favorite road, top down,&quot; or even &quot;staring out the  window at the rain&quot; music.<br />In short, I love this set and all it  offers.  So too, will you, I wager.  My favorite style of Getz, accompanied  by Brazil's finest.<br />VERY, VERY worth it.
0800105141|5.0|I'm not sorry at all I seen this movie its Brilliant.The nostalgic vibe this film gave to me was incredible it was amazing.The whole sense of Gandhi trying to unite Hindu,Muslim and Sikh was as real then as it is now.
6305212112|5.0|Thank God once in a while movies like &quot;Fried Green Tomatoes&quot; come along. It is truly a masterpiece, a movie that will make you laugh and cry. It is honest and captivating. Jon Avnet proved to be a brilliant  director in his first time around - it is quite awesome how well he  conducts the actors. I have just bought the DVD of it, and watching it in  glorious sound and image is a must. I highly recommend it.
6304925131|5.0|This is really the only Grisham adaptation that I have absolutely loved.  A Time to Kill was ok but not exceptional.<br />It's a classic David vs. Goliath story and on the surface might appear as more of the same old  thing.  If the movie is predictable (and i'm not saying that it is) you  (the viewer) really won't care because Coppola's direction, the script, and  the great performances transform it into a movie with tremendous heart,  drama, humor, and even a little action and suspense.<br />I have yet to see a  Matt Damon film that I haven't liked.  For me he's an actor whose work I  will go to see without any knowledge about the film other than his presence  in it.  (Check out Rounders for a film of similar quality).<br />Danny Devito  is hilarious (as always).<br />A must see film.
B000000OAN|5.0|A brainstorm of musical ideas. This album is a jewerly work! The monumental &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; and the incredible &quot;The Prophets Song&quot; reveals the complex work of this legendary Rock Group.  &quot;Seaside Rendezvous&quot; and 39 shows the wide styles of music that  this great group made. The lovely ballad &quot;Love of My Life&quot; cant  be left over: Exquisite Freddies performance. &quot;A day at the  Races&quot;, is also a very remarkable album.
1577311523|5.0|A very powerful book that leads to looking at the mind/ego as a tool and not as oneself. It encourges living in the moment or NOW, where love/peace/joy are free, natural and abundant. It encourages the reader to  take control of their life by observing the incesent mind (as seperate and  not true or lasting) as it generates the emotions of fear/guilt/shame/blame  related to the past and future. This book guides us to see and observe the  very cunning mind as it controls and doninates our life and forces us to  generate the energy of pain and also prevents us from discovering our  greatness. Tolle then shares the riches of this power of observation of the  mind as the discovery of our true self/master of greatness/true being/inner  self/partner of the creator. Our being then revels  intelligence/knowing/joy/abundance/health/love of life as the riches and  our true inheritance. Tolle presents this profound secret in a straight  forward way that encourges us to be our perfect inner selves every moment  or in the NOW. The challenge is put before us in a beautiful and gentle  way. A call to spiritual action. This is one of the best books on the  practical aspects of escaping the slavery of being inhuman and emerging  into being a true human being. And being a true human being means to be  able to bring powerful healing energy of Love/joy/peace into your life, not  only for yourself but to all you love and at that point it is the earth  itself you love and all on it. It leads to peace on Earth.
B000000OAH|4.0|This CD cant be compared with the &quot;out of this world albums&quot;: &quot;A Night at the Opera&quot; and &quot;A Day at the Races&quot;, but it adds a few of excelent songs to the Queen repertoire. For me, Dreamers Ball  is one of the best contributions of this CD. (Its also the only song  linked to &quot;Jazz&quot; because its a Blues). &quot;More of that  Jazz&quot; is one of the songs that I never listen to. OH!  I must name  the excelent &quot;Jealousy&quot;, the sensitive part of Mercury is present  again with this lovely ballad. To end, Dont Stop me Now is a great classic  song. But if you have the Greatest Hits I Album, you wont miss this song.   If you have &quot;A Night at the Opera&quot; and &quot;A day At the  races&quot;, this is the one that would be next in your collection.
0446677450|5.0|First, I had the pleasure to meet Robert T. Kiyosaki at a convention in Chicago one week 5/6/00 after the Oprah show aired here 4/28/00. Although I had paid to attend the convention in in February before he was confirmed as  a speaker, his appearance on Oprah attracted a wider audience. This book  works if you are looking for a WHAT-WHEN-WHY vs. a WHERE-WHICH-HOW book.   I've had this book for a year and I've done reviews of it on my own  website.  This book, followed by the CASHFLOW Quadrant ,CASHFLOW for Kids  (game), and CASHFLOW 101/202 (games), are tools to practice habits which  will get you FREE of debt and the RAT RACE. <br />In addition, it seems that  some of these NEGATIVE reviews are from people NEGAVITES(tm) who seem to  want something from nothing.  All the secrets of wealth will not be  revealed in a $15 retail book! I'm sure those NEGAVITES(tm) have not  written a book or created any legacies of wealth. To the NEGAVITES(tm) who  complained about RTK's &quot;bragging&quot;, &quot;language&quot;, and  &quot;lack of detail&quot;:  This is an opportunity for you &quot;GET on  the PLAYING FIELD&quot; and WRITE YOUR OWN BOOK, which will not  &quot;brag&quot;, speak the &quot;kings english&quot;, and provide the  &quot;research and detail&quot; for the path to wealth.
6301966562|5.0|I saw Electric Dreams back in the mid-80's and back then I absolutely loved it.  I recently thought of the movie because of Madeleine's Theme and some of the other songs in the movie.  It brought back great memories of  the movie and of the 80's (those were the days!).  Now, I'm on a mission to  find this movie at a reasonable price.  Can anyone help?  I would really  love to see it again.  The wonderful soundtrack and storyline is one that  you just don't get much of these days!
0140131558|5.0|Although I haven't been thrilled with Auster's past few books, he remains one of my favorite authors and &quot;New York Trilogy&quot; is one of his best works.  &quot;City of Glass&quot; is particularly excellent, blurring  the boundaries between fact and fiction.  &quot;Ghosts&quot; is weaker than  the other components of the trilogy, but given the nature of the  comparison, this doesn't diminish the overall power of the story.  You  definitely don't want to miss this one.
B000003TAL|5.0|It's hard sometimes being a Sonic Youth fan because the band's output is so uneven.  This, however, is a product of their being a band that is always willing to take risks.  Any given Sonic Youth record is bound to be  controversial.<br />After the absolute noise and pandemonium of Confusion is  Sex in the very early 80s, Sonic Youth finally matured into a more  listenable band.  1986's E.V.O.L. was a huge step forward, but the band  really broke important new groud with 1987's Sister and 1988's Daydream  Nation.  Daydream Nation and Sister are their 80's masterpieces (with Goo  and and Dirty being the best of their prolific 90's output).<br />It's hard to  describe Daydream Nation exactly.  It's definitely rock, but I might also  add the label &quot;art rock&quot;--not in the British prog rock sense, but  in the New York Avant Garde sense.  What makes the record is the dual  guitar work of Moore and Ranaldo, but the awesome drumming really holds it  together.  Thurston Moore's and Kim Gordon's singing will take anyone  awhile to get used to, but, in it's own way, the singing is really  brilliant.  Noise is always an important factor of any Sonic Youth record.   And the songs often contain these odd hooks that were often not appealing  to me on first listen, but they always grow on me.  After a listen to  Daydream Nation, I'll walk around humming various choruses all day.<br />It's  difficult to pick a favorite track on Daydream Nation.  The whole album,  back to back, really is amazing.  &quot;Eric's Trip&quot;, &quot;Hey  Joni&quot;, &quot;Teen Age Riot&quot;, &quot;Kissability&quot;...it's so  hard to choose.  I think my favorite, though, has to be  &quot;Trilogy&quot;, a brilliant three part opus that showcases the bands  brilliance and versatility like few other Sonic Youth songs.<br />If you're  curious and adventurous, give this and Sister a try.  However, don't give  up if you don't dig it on first listen.  Sonic Youth requires a little  getting used to.  Ittook a friend of mine playing Sister over and over  again before I finally hit myself on the head and said &quot;Wow!  This is  amazing!&quot;<br />If you're less adventurous, I recommend starting with  Dirty, then move on to Goo, then come back to Sister and Daydream Nation.   If you're new to Sonic Youth, I envy you.  I'd love to go back and discover  them all over again.
1891252089|4.0|This is an excellent reference manual for continuing practice - as far as I am aware it is the only book with comprehensive documentation of the first two astanga yoga series, with explanations and modifications for  both. A book isn't a substitute for lessons but it can be useful.<br />I agree  with several of the other reviews here that Beryl Bender Birch's  &quot;Power Yoga&quot; might still be a better buy for beginners as it has  more detailed basic explanations. But readers should be aware - and aren't  told anywhere in the book - that &quot;Power Yoga&quot; doesn't present the  full astanga series. There are a few omissions for first series, and a lot  from second series, whereas David Swenson's book is comprehensive.<br />If you  get the chance to go to one of David's workshops, do. If you've bought and  studied this book you may not pick up much new technical information, but  you'll get to experience somebody who is a really funny guy and a great  storyteller as well as an exemplary yoga practitioner.
6305750750|5.0|For everyone saying this movie is a lame boring piece of junk. I say to them lighten up! It is only a movie after all, yet a very good movie. If anyone out there has never seen this movie I suggest to you to view it as  soon as possible. Nearly everything is perfect. Jar Jar Binks is not a   total dope like some say.
630575067X|2.0|I have seen the original trilogy a countless number of times; but I have  no intention of ever watching &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; again.  Once  was enough!  Why?  It wasn't much fun to watch with its convoluted  storyline and parade of CGI creatures. (I thought the puppets in RETURN OF  THE JEDI were bad; but Episode I was 10X worse!)  This movie just DRAGGED.   Also one would think that a director with all that talent and money would  do something original rather than ripping-off other films- the Pod Race is  a pathetic attempt to re-create the legendary chariot race from BEN-HUR.   (I'm sorry, but that phony CGI scene cannot hold a candle to BEN-HUR's  which was done with real, flesh and blood, stunt men and horses.)<br />The  only decent parts of this film were Liam Neeson's and Ewan McGregor's  performances, and the final light saber duel between the Jedis and Darth  Maul.  Yet Lucas even screwed that up by constantly interupting the best  light saber duel in the entire series with a lame CGI land battle and  little Ani's adventure in space.  Speaking of Annakin, why didn't Lucas  just make that character a teenager?  It would have made the scenes of  Natalie Portman's Queen warming up to Annakin a little less cringe  inducing.  And if Lucas really did have to portray the future Darth Vader  as a child, why couldn't he have found someone other than Jake Lloyd whose  acting ability wouldn't pass in a sitcom let alone in the most highly  anticipated film of the decade?  I found Lloyd more irritating than  Jar-Jar, and I HATED Jar-Jar!  Right now I have serious reservations about  ever paying to see Episode II.  Lucus really dropped the ball with this  turkey!
0060263857|5.0|Charlotte's Web by E.B. White is a wonderful book for a child to read.  It emphazizes how a child can also be a care taker just like their own parents.  It also stresses the issue of loyalty and honesty, which children  should endure at an early age.  It also points out that if you are  different you can accomplish anything you want.  This book is for the  reading level of around third graders and is also sure to keep their  attention.  I recommend this book to children and their families to keep in  your book shelf at home.
B00004RFDW|5.0|When I first went to see this movie, I wan't sure if I would like it.. I mean, the idea of a man who is blowing the whistle on the cigarette industry seemed a bit dry and far fetched to me. However, I was very  pleasantly surprised and I thoroughly believe this is the best film of  1999.<br />Russell Crowe is nothing short of phenomenal as Jeffrey Wigand. To  think that hunk of a man turned himself into an overweight, middle aged  business man fascinates me.<br />Pacino was terrific as well. I felt it was  his strongest performance since &quot;Scent of a Woman&quot;. <br />Now for  the story, well, it is throughly intriguing. It is suspenseful and really  draws you into the characters, the events, and the whole reality of it.  <br />The Insider is well written and well acted and definitely worth viewing.
B000002ADT|5.0|What can one say, praising &quot;Kind Of Blue&quot; is like bringing coals to Newcastle.<br />This is the best selling Jazz recording of all time.<br />Smooth, Cool. The addition of Bill Evans to this group of  all-stars, even if it was short-lived was a stroke of genius. Rather than  the usual &quot;comping&quot; style of piano, he added a whole new  dimension to Miles Davis with complex modal harmonies, playing as an equal.  Revolutionized piano. John Coltrane's sometimes exhuberent excesses are  reined in and he plays perfectly with the rest. The group moves like a  well-oiled machine.<br />Miles stars with his &quot;lost in a crowd&quot;  melancholy pure beatiful tone. Cooking like a teapot or a pressure cooker,  but never boiling over. With the Harmon mute, like mosquito with perfect  pitch. Get's bigger the further you get inside. Casts a spell. Can be heard  over and over without causing fatigue.<br />Baby Boomers, if you are tired of  music today and are new to Jazz this might be the ideal place to start. The  antidote to stress.<br />Anyone familiar with my reviews knows I'm picky and I  DON'T give out 5 stars. To get five stars, to me, means not only does the  playing have to be the best of the artist's career but also a war-horse  best seller.  The Beatles Sgt Pepper's gets 5 stars, Getz/Gilberto gets 5  stars. Kind of Blue gets 5 stars.<br /> In a world full of HYPE-perbole, this  is the real thing. Sorry I can't give more.
B000002GDJ|3.0|The follow up to the punk oriented Outlandos d' Amour, listeners were given Regatta De Blanc, a total departure from the first. It also garnered the fewest singles. In fact, Message in a Bottle was the only real radio  hit, while Bring on the Night did get some airplay.But what a difference  from the first CD!An infinitely more dull album, but definitely intregal in  the formation of what would ultimately become the sound and style of the  Police!
B0000047EC|5.0|This has been a big seller, and with Pat Metheny one might wary that is because of a certain commercial blandness, albeit a pretty and pleasing one.  And while the record is lovely, the beauty of it comes from a real  strength in playing by Haden and Metheny, and especially a focus and  discipline to accept the spare sound of guitar and base for it's own  qualities, and not overdue the production or the repetoire.  The tunes are  collected from each player and also some country and folk classics, and  each is a real gem.  Haden is straight forward and simple and always  interesting - he's one of the very few bass players who realizes that a  lovely tune just needs to be played, and nothing more.  Metheny displays an  ideal balance between chops and taste.  The album is quiet and low-key, yet  totally engrossing; it demans your listening attention and captures it.  Most importantly, it's absolutely beautiful in sound and sentiment.  A real  surprise, and a great, great record.
B000007WNN|4.0|Could the Cult have produced a cd more different from their previous release Love? While Love starts off witha trippy first cut, and buzzes  along through the world of alternate music, it culminates in one of the  bands finest songs, She Sells Sanctuary. But for electric, it was like they  changed their whole image! Ian was now more like the Lizard King than ever,  complete with leather pants and stage grinding! The Cd itself is stripped  raw, and assaults the listener with cuts like Wildflower,Lil Devil, the  excellent Love Removal Machine, and the gruesome Outlaw!Peace Dog is one of  those songs you keep chorus with, but the rest of the songs are only so-so!  And who needed another cover of Born to be Wild!  If possible, try to find  the music videos for Sanctuary &amp; Love Removal Machine &amp; compare the  looks of the band! It's hilarious!
B0000041ZT|4.0|- in fact that should have been very recommendable, but I ran out of space... Just like Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 21 has been eternally linked to &quot;Elvira Madigan&quot;, the second waltz from the Jazz Suite no. 2  risks being eternally linked to &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;. Eventhough this  might not be all bad - &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is an excellent film - it  is not fair, because the Jazz Suites are so much more than just Waltz No.  2. As other reviewers have said, this is far from the Shostakovich most  known - in fact, the music, in particular the waltzes (which all have a  certain likeliness to no. 2), makes me associate to Strauss and Vienna  rather than to Shostakovich and Russia. The Jazz Suites are cheerful, with  tones of solemnity, making the piano concerto stand back a little like  &quot;just an ordinary piano concerto&quot;, not because it is not good,  but because it lacks the spirit of the suites...  And eventually, just a  small warning. You should not buy this album if you want to buy a jazz  album - it certainly isn't. But you should definitely consider buying it,  anyway.
B000000OTU|4.0|Ahh, Aerosmith. The only band that comes to mind that has 4 live albums and 3 greatest hits. This greatest hits compliation is quite good. It would be much more logical to get this rather than all the albums it takes songs  from, as it has 15 songs (compared to the first greatest hits' 9). This  would be a good start for new fans.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|...first time i heard this album i was completely disappointed.  it was RATM's first release in years and i was expecting something near the caliper of their debut.  don't get me wrong, this album is still head,  shoulders, and knees above most bands in talent, innovation, and is one of  a kind.  Battle of Los Angelos also blows away Evil Empire, but if you want  a masterpiece get the self-entitled album.  however you can't go wrong with  Los Angelos either....
B000023X9W|4.0|THIS IS A VERY GOOD MELLOW NEIL CD.IT REMINDS ME ALOT OF HARVEST.IT EVEN HAS LINDA RONSTADT ON BACKROUND VOCALS LIKE HARVEST DID.ALL THE SONGS ON THIS CD ARE VERY MELLOW,BUT VERY GOOD.THIS IS THE TYPE OF CD YOU CAN JUST  KICK BACK TO AND TAKE IT EASY.I TEND TO LIKE NEIL WITH CRAZY HORSE ALITTLE  BETTER BUT THIS IS A MUST BUY FOR NEIL FANS.
B0000028RR|5.0|...what can i say about RATM! ...<br />first of all, their debut album is by far their best release: Battle of Los Angelos comes close, and Evil Empire no where near.<br />this record is just packed with adrenaline pumping,  policially charged, anti-American energy that tears down the Government for  its hypocrisy and is filled with profound substance that is matched by  few.<br />also, morello and zach are absolute geniuses.  morello has so much  versitility and creatively produces unique sounds and riffs that are above  and beyond everyone else.<br />a must have and totally goes beyond your  wildest dreams...
B000002L9M|5.0|I don't think that Depeche Mode could select a better title for this album than &quot;Black Celebration&quot;. To my opinion, it's DM darkest album  ever, and one of their best.<br />The whole of this album is much more than  the sum of it's parts, and DM thinks like that too, because most of the  songs on this album are connected (not exactly mixed).Begining fast with  &quot;Black celebration&quot; and slowly lowering the BPM through the evil  &quot;Flys on the windscreen&quot; and the fantastic (best track on this  album) &quot;Question of lust&quot; you will find yourself sinking deeper  into the mysteries of this album. A break in this dark trance will be  &quot;Question of time&quot; and you'll start drifting again...Very  strange, very kinky.A dark experience.<br />About the songs : 3 major hits  here, &quot;Question of lust&quot;, &quot;Stripped&quot; and &quot;A  question of time&quot;. However, &quot;Flys on the windscreen&quot; could  be a not less bigger. In fact, DM are still playing this song in their live  concert.<br />The last song in this album &quot;But not tonight&quot; is a  bonus track found on CD only (in 1986 they still had to add some bonus  tracks so you will choose CD over vinyl...), which is a very good one. The  UK edition contains two more bonus tracks (a remix for &quot;Stripped&quot;  and a strange version for &quot;Black celebration&quot;). I wouldn't double  the price for these two tracks.<br />A must have for all the lovers of the  80's dark and gothic new wave sound.
B000005ILF|4.0|While not his best album, Sting's Mercury Falling still contains some excellent material.  Yes, there are some weak spots, but the highlights of this album far outweigh those spots.<br />The Hounds of Winter is one of the  finest songs in Stings repetoire and I Was Brought To My Senses is one of  the most beautiful songs he has written.  What make the latter song so  incredible is that it has an irregular meter (7/4).  Yet, saxophonist  Brandford Marsalis still sails through it with exceptional playing.<br />He  also includes a kicky brass section in You Still Touch me and closes with  good style with Lithium Sunset.  It's unfortunate that the first single was  the good, but maybe too preachy-sounding for the radio, Let Your Soul Be  Your Pilot.  This is a great album that should have hit a wider audience.
B00003Q438|5.0|Now I'm not going to get all Cameron-happy and gush about how fabulous he is.  I thought Titanic was overblown and that T2 was a bit of a sprawling mess.  The Abyss, I feel, however is his best work - tight, involved and  thrilling, with Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio giving  performances of their lives.  I loved this film when it first came out, and  loved it even more on VHS.  Imagine my joy when I saw it released on DVD -  something special, I hoped.  Something special it was.  The picture and  sound are exceptional - crisp and clear in both regards.  The extras are a  sheer joy to use and behold - I emerged from my house two days after having  received the disc, bearded and half-blind - there's just SO MUCH on it!   Now all they need to do is include JC himself with a commentary, and we've  got ourselves THE perfect DVD.  Thank you FOX.  Everyone else (you  listening Paramount/Warner/Disney?) take note.
0790734850|3.0|Strong characters carry this film - but perhaps this is not unexpected as the LA stories are for us today pretty typical.  A good film that is worth seeing for Crowe's, Spacey's and De Vito's performances.
B000002L6P|2.0|This would prove to be Madonna's breakthrough album.  Furhtermore, there's no denying that this album produced successful singles such as the title track and &quot;Material Girl&quot;.  Unfortunately this album would also  be indicative of the direction that Madonna would take with all of her  subsequent releases to date.  Catchy tunes with good hooks, yes, but in  spite of this all of her music continues to be simplistic, sugar-coated  repetitive pop.  Nevermind the fact that  her marginal talent as a singer  requires extensive doctoring by the studio engineer.
B000001ELF|4.0|Overall, Ace's solo album is pretty good but not the best of the solo efforts.  Ace proves himself to be an excellent song-writer and pretty good singer as well.  In spite of the fact that he is responsible for putting  guitars into the hands of multitutes of kids and providing inspiration, it  has to be stated that he is really only marginal as a lead guitarist.  This  is not meant to play down the impact that he had made.  He has survived the  test of time and will always be considered to be one of the greatest and  most influential players of all time.  Unfortunately, his later solo  efforts would prove his limitations as evidenced by his use of the same  &quot;boxed-in&quot; stale, repetitious limited vocabulary of licks.  Paul  Stanley was correct in his assessment of Ace's playing when he described  his &quot;Jimmy Page-ish&quot; style that simply failed to develop.  This  continued all the way through the Comet days to Trouble Walkin' and into  the modern reunion era.
B000006YTN|5.0|It's a cryin' shame this album is only available as an import here in the U.S. of A., but at least it isn't too pricey an import.  That aside, 'Tons of Sobs' is my favorite Free record, and one of the best examples of  British blues rock of this period.  The style is very heavy, like Cream,  but more refined, perhaps like Peter Green-era Fleetwood Mac. Rodgers and  Kossoff are at the peak of their respective powers.  The band went on to  release more polished and successful albums, but this one is where the  heart is.  If you like late-sixties Brit blues rock, this one won't fail  ya. 'Worry', 'Walk in my Shadow' and 'Sweet Tooth' are standout tracks.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This Limp Bizkit CD has it all rap,rock,metal,alternative! I am the biggest fan of Limp Bizkit and believe me this CD is worth it! I love all the songs. You will not be dissapointed. Some other reviewers are saying  this CD is bad...They just dont like good music! So get this CD and enjoy  it to full extent!:)
6300184064|5.0|I was talking to a friend at work once about this film. He said he liked it but wanted to know what it was about. I looked around at the cube farm where we worked, the fortress-like building without a breath of fresh air,  the stultifying work we did, the brown, oily river flowing through the city  completely encased in concrete, the suspicious managers that wandered  through our floor. All I could answer was, &quot;This, all this. &quot;
0684872153|4.0|This piece of literature was truly amazing. It is told without hiding anything, revealing startling demons about McCourt's past. However, he tells the book with a remarkable sense of optimism which makes it easier to  get through and hard to put down.
0553277472|5.0|I never read this book. I bought it (first edition) a long time ago. Each time I lend it to our american guests in our Bed &amp; Breakfast, they thank us warmfully for this. But no one could explicitely tell me why he  was so impressed by this book. If you don't have time to come and borrow us  this book in France, buy it from Amazon now!
B000001FT7|5.0|This album was compiled from 3 different live shows in London in July 1971. It features the most together incarnation of the band which includes Steve Winwood, Rick Grech, Dave Mason, Jim Gordon, Jim Capadli, Chris Wood  and &quot;Reebop&quot; Kwaku Baah. The two Mason compositions are  commercially unavailable anywhere else. The live versions of  &quot;Medicated Goo&quot;, &quot;Dear Mr Fantasy&quot; and &quot;Gimme Some  Lovin&quot; spotlight Traffic as one of the best &quot;jam bands&quot; of  the era. (For all you Deadheads: I'll bet Brent Mydland had this one in his  collection and played it to death!)
B00000J6AG|5.0|i think this must 1 of the best cds i have brought this century defiantly a must buy!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Okay, I can understand that some parents would worry about the album, but believe me, it's misleading. Blink 182 is all about having fun and going to parties. &quot;Dysentary Gary&quot; is hilarious, &quot;The Party  Song&quot; is a fun tune, and &quot;Wendy Clear&quot; is just plain cool.  If you like &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot;, you'll like Enema of the  State.
B00003OSSM|2.0|This appeared to have the makings of a great film. Harrison Ford, Kristen Scott Thomas, Sydney Pollack, mystery, etc. I certainly understood that this was not the typical Harrison action film. No booming special effects,  no endless numbers of murders. However, what I didn't expect is that  nothing really happens. Yes, it is a mature subject. How would any of us  deal with not only the sudden death of a spouse but the discovery that said  spouse died along with her lover, also married? Harrison delivers the  shock, the rage and the desire to uncover the mystery quite well. At first.  Unfortunately, the writing and the dialogue never take it any further. He  just stays angry throughout the film. Kristin Scott Thomas plays a  potentially strong female character who really just reacts to everything  going on around her. Along with the main plot line, we see Harrison  uncovering police corruption in his job with Internal Affairs. I have to  say that this entire sequence contributed nothing to the overall film; it  was confusing, and it fizzled.<br /><br />It took me 2 days to watch all of  this film. I was determined to see it through to the end and kept thinking  that I just wasn't getting the deeper meaning and needed to give it a  chance. I have to agree with the critics though. This film had great  potential on all levels but failed to meet any of it. Rent it if you have  to see, but I don't recommend investing in the purchase.
B00003CXDD|5.0|When I bought my DVD player, I was asked by the sales person which DVD would I like to own. It was instantaneous, I told him &quot;Willow&quot;. Since then I have tried to get it. Willow is the type of movie that is for  the young at Heart, it has all the ingredients of good old fashioned  fantasy adventure. I reckon the guys who made this movie should be the ones  to make the Narnian Choronicles.<br />Cheers
B00003CXDU|5.0|I'm still laughing! Whether you are a Trekkie or a patient friend of a Trekkie, you must own this film! &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; pokes good-natured fun of sci fi conventions, rabid sci fi fans, middle-aged  washed-up actors, and cheesy television shows. It also delivers  hysterically funny dialogue, well-written characters, superb acting and  fun, attention-grabbing plot.<br /><br />Tim Allen plays the famous but  washed-up lead in one of television's cult sci fi classics (sound like  someone we know?). He is hilarious in his many goof-ball escapades as he  drags his fellow actors into space to help save the Thermians. I loved  Sigourney Weaver as the not-so-bright crew member; this film helped to once  again remind us that she has such incredible depth as an actress...she  ain't just Ripley! And I have to say that Alan Rickman's dry humor and  dead-pan delivery were, once again, brilliant additions to the film. I  happen to think he is magnificent and love to watch him in anything. And  Tony Shalhoub...!  He had some of the greatest lines in the movie.<br /><br />See this with an open mind. It is very much tongue-in-cheek, and the  punch lines are nonstop. But it has a simple message: believe in yourself  and you can accomplish great things. It was refreshing to see an enjoyable  movie without gratuitous sex, violence, cursing, etc. I would feel  comfortable taking my young nephew to this flick. Although I was a little  tired of Weaver's breasts by the end of the film (but that may be a selling  point for some of you!). It's a good, clean, hilarious romp. Buy it, watch  it, laugh, enjoy.
B00002DEIX|5.0|This is, without a doubt, the best work that Joshua Redman has put out. It's a natural progression from his last CD, Timeless Tales, but with his own songs, which have matured immensely and grown. It is smooth and  heartfelt and one of my new all-time favorites.
B000002NZO|4.0|I bought Trespass on account I knew I loved Genesis. In fact--I had heard all of the Peter Gabriel material before trying this album. My first listening of the album was in my car--I knew I liked it then but I had to get the lyrics off the web before sitting down and really \\"listening\\" to it. Just last night--I finally got the change to fully hear this album and what an album it is!<br />You can hear the beginnings of the Genesis to come in later years but many tracks may even be more enlightening and moving than their later material. <br />\\"The Knife\\" is obviously a stand out song but all of them are great. I especially like \\"Visions of Angles,\\" and \\"White Mountain.\\"<br />The production quality of the MCA version is not so hot and while I do not have the re-mastered version from Virgin--I'm sure it's much better.<br />This is an album you must sit down with and truly listen to. The songs take you places, they evoke emotion, they let you escape your own world for a few minutes. Why aren't bands today trying new things? It seems that rock and roll lost it's creativity a long time ago. But in 1970, Genesis was truly unique. I don't think any other band gives me what I'm looking for in music quite like Genesis. It's a shame more young musicians aren't being inspired by progressive rock from bands like Gentle Giant, Renaissance, Kind Crismon, Jethro Tull, Happy the Man....etc. Hopefully one day we'll see an emergence of young bands that did what Genesis was able to do with this--their second album but really you can call it their first as it laid the foundation of what was to come.<br />Genesis--the early years are overlooked and the pop years are loved. Why? Maybe most people just don't have the ears to appreciate what no other band has been able to do. I recommend all their albums-especially from \\"Trespass\\" to \\"Abacab.\\" The ones after are just OK.<br />\\"Trespass\\"--a truly unique masterpiece.
1559408758|5.0|This classic comedy was outdone by the commentary tracks available on the DVD.  The commentary by Rob Reiner and the actors in the band gives great insight into how the film was made.  The commentary by the actors AS THE  BAND rivals the comedy of the movie itself!  Why is Criterion not producing  this anymore?  I was a fool not to buy it while it was still available!
B000009QPO|5.0|I love this album to death. CROWDED IN THE WINGS is gorgeous beyond belief. FLAWLESS. BUY IT!
079072961X|5.0|Harrison Ford at his best in a great movie.  The DVD has excellant picture and sound quality.
B000009QPQ|5.0|BLUE BLUE BLUE. It doesn't get much better than this. Even though MISS WILLIAMS GUITAR bugs the hell out of me, the rest more than makes up for it. It's a shame that the original team of Louris and Olson had to end, but  at least they bowed out with an ABBEY ROAD.
6304698798|5.0|Excellent resolution and sound on this DVD! The gorgeous widescreen composition is outstanding. Clint Eastwood is the Man with No Name with Lee Van Cleef and Eli Wallach starring in the final and best chapter of Sergio  Leone's trilogy.  This is the ultimate spaghetti western and no wonder it  is so famous. 3 hours long with a fantastic finish.  A must for any DVD  collection.
B00000720W|4.0|In the pre-CD era, and after their super demo, they finally released this album on Posercorpse Music. This music that gives you the creeps! I love it! Dark, raw, aggressive metal! Not really as black as their later  material, but still brutal. Great stuff!
6304696566|5.0|John Wayne as the perfect anti-hero. Great work by director Ford. Although &quot;The Searchers stereotyping shows its date, the film is visually beautiful and well acted. The final shot IS one of the great western images  and the movie one of the greatest Westerns ever made.  A great addition to  the DVD library.
B00002Z88D|1.0|This Cd is too much money for 2 discs of Orchestra Songs.If Metllica really wanted their music more available to fans,they should have left Napster lone.The only people who buy this album are 40 year old people who  think that Metallica is still the hottest thing out.All of Metallica's  songs sound the same I can barley tell a difference.I you want a good CD  (That all the songs don't sound the same)Buy Jay-Z,Sisqo, BigPun,or N.W.A.
6305609691|4.0|I forgot how weird and good this movie was unitl I  purchased the DVD.  More than a &quot;war movie&quot;, Its still a great movie experience most of the time with outstanding  photography.  However, it really stretches at  times and gets a little to far out there at the end.
6305622914|5.0|The basic story of this film is very simple, a group of unemployed steel workers in Sheffield in England decide to try to raise money by performing for one night only as male strippers.<br />Beyond that, there is so much  more.<br />First of all, the film is very very funny. The sight of a group of  men of dubious attraction and in varying stages of unfitness trying to  become a dancing &amp; stripping troupe is just the start. Side stories  like the theft of garden gnomes and the act of offering to fix a man's car  so that he can gas himself are classic examples of off-beat British  humour.<br />There is also a lot of warm human interest in this film. We see  the relationship between Gaz (Robert Carlyle) and his son and his ex-wife.  Also, the relationships between his friends and their wives.<br />In all  cases, the men had lost self respect and, through the act of former  workmates getting together again and making new work for themselves they  recaptured their self respect, regain the respect of others and most  importantly to them, they realise that they are important to their friends  and families.<br />Often films with such a lot of fun and feel good factor  leave me feeling that they are too sickly sweet and aim at some lowest  common denominator. This was not like that at all, I enjoyed every minute  of it.<br />I first saw this at the cinema and I have never before seen such a  happy audience at the end of a film.
B00000JPH5|1.0|The only way this could have been any worse, is if it had been animated.
0783244320|5.0|What can you not say about this movie?  It was great, funny, beautiful, witty, clever, spectacular, stunning and I could go on forever!  This movie by one of my favorite actors, Tim Allen was a great fun ride!  You need to  quit reading this review and add this to your cart right now.      For all  of us who have been the person in the audience of a sci-fi convention, you  can really relate to this movie.  It has a good storyline combined with  spectacular video effects thanks to Industrial Light and Magic.  I can't  stop watching this movie, it is soo great.  The one scene where the chief  engineer is telling Tim Allen that the engine generators can take the  strain of the attacks is soo funny.  Engineering is blowing up all around  him and is remains calm.  Get this movie you will not be disappointed.
B000023X9W|4.0|After hearing CSNY's Looking Forward, I didn't know what to expect from S&amp;G. I've read a lot of reviews and it seems that many peolpe have tried to catagorize this splendid gem with only the material presently  available on CD format. I have been a fan for quite a long time, (long  enough to have the stuff only available on vinyl!) So I ask, does anybody  remember the songs &quot;Old Homestead&quot;, &quot;Lost in Space&quot;,  and &quot;Captain Kennedy&quot; from an all but forgoten album Hawks &amp;  Doves? With someone as restlessly creative as Neil, many albums are just  relief valves to make room for the truly great music stuck in the creative  traffic jam that is his mind. Because of this, I start feeling now and then  that Neil is winding down. Then, I remind myself that he's like a trick  birthday candle...Right when you think it's all but blown out, it lights  back up brighter than ever. Ultimately Silver &amp; Gold is a superb album  which draws upon a side of Neil which hasn't been heard in 20 years. Even  though he's been hiding &quot;Ravor Love&quot; since 1987, I'm  overwhelmingly pleased this beautiful song surfaced before the archives.  This album is absolutely indispensible to any Neil Young fan.
6303997198|1.0|very, very disappointing movie, ...!
0440178002|5.0|I have read many of Clavell's novels based in the orient -- SHOGUN, TAIPAN, GAIJIN, WHIRLWIND, KING RAT, etc., and in my opinion SHOGUN is at the top of the pile!  <br />I lived in Japan for 2 years.  As I read Shogun I  could see clear similarities between Japanese history, culture, and even  much of modern living that is in many ways a direct result of feudal  samurai Japan presented in the book.<br />The immersion of any unprepared  European into feudal Japanese culture, as the character John Blackthorn was  in the book, is enough to make anyone's head spin.  I was intruiged by the  way Blackthorn dealt with things, and with the way that the internal  politics of Japan at the time came through so well.<br />I found the book to  be historically and culturally accurate -- sure, yeah, and then?  More  importantly though, I found that the book presents unexpected twists and  turns, and outstanding character development.<br />If you are interested in  reading a Clavell novel, definitely start with this one.  I am admittedly  attracted to this book because of the historical and geographic setting (in  Japan), but even so, it's a great read, pick a copy up for the  summer.<br />Top-notch -- 5 stars!
1558803602|5.0|This is the best romantic movie EVER done, I think that Steven Spielberg Directed his best movie, the actors were so pefect, Holly Hunt were marveleous, Richard Dryfoss acted the best in his whole life, the Directing  of the movie were spectaclure, it  is uncomparable with any other romantic  movie, I' ve watched it more than 6 times in theater, 20 times in video and  still cries with my wife every time. I am wondering how they said it is a  weak point in spielbergs career. I couldn't find words that can describe  how perfect this movie is....for me it's no.1 for the whole time.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I know I say that a lot, but this album is superb.  I think that Metallica has always gone with what they want to do, not what other people say they like.  That's why they came out with ReLoad.  But S&amp;M is an awesome  achievement.  You can imagine the massive sound a 100+ piece orchestra with  a huge metal band must have made.  No Leaf Clover is a kick-ass song, and  so is -Human.  this album is a great way to introduce people who have never  heard Metallica before.  This was the first Metallica album I had ever  owned, and it made me go out and buy Kill 'Em All, Ride the Lightning,  Master of Puppets, and the black album!  If you're intrigued by metal music  like I was, buy this.  Even if you're a die-hard who was disappointed with  Load and ReLoad, you will not be disappointed with this album.  For newbies  and die-hards, S&amp;M is for everyone who likes metal/rock music.
B000006O7C|5.0|Sometimes when listening to Sketches I get a little frustrated - it's patchy in parts - some great songs, others (let's be honest) somewhat forgettable.<br />And then I have to  pull myself up, because we are lucky to  have this album at all.  It's a sign of Mary Guibert's (Jeff's mother's)  sensitivity to the wishes of Jeff's fans that she agreed for some of this  material to ever see the light of day.  In a sense, she was in a no win  situation - by releasing the Verlaine studio recordings which Jeff had  basically rejected (at least in part), she risked upsetting fans who felt  that Jeff would never have wanted those songs to be heard.  And by  releasing the four track demos, she risked upsetting those fans who felt  that it was a betrayal to include these candid recordings which were  clearly just blueprints from which Jeff planned to build his revised vision  for My Sweetheart the Drunk.<br />At the end of the day, Mary has done the  only thing she could do under the circumstances.  She has basically put it  all out there and asked Jeff's fans to accept it on its merits.  So were  are in the fortunate position of being able to decide for ourselves.  There  are the more polished studio recordings to be listened to with a grain of  salt, and the rough-as-guts four tracks to give us an idea of what My  Sweetheart the Drunk may have one day been.  If only...<br />Personally, I  don't listen to Disc Two all that much, with the exceptions of Jewel Box,  Satisfied Mind and Haven't You Heard.  And as for Disc One, there are  probably only six songs that I listen to often.  But oh what magic can be  found in those gems - The Sky is a Landfill, Everybody Here Wants You (even  if it is a bit 'New Romantics'), Opened Once, Witches' Rave, Morning Theft  and Vancouver - an entirely subjective opinion, I am well aware.<br />Sketches  is a work in progress.  In needs to be listened to with that firmly in  mind.  In one way, I was hesitant to rate it 5 stars, because it is by no  means a perfect album, far from it in fact.  And yet, here's the thing  about Jeff Buckley - you can take a few finished songs, a few studio  rejects, and a bunch of ideas for possible future studio recordings, and  for all it's faults, you are still left with an album that has peaks that  far surpass the 'finished' work of many others.<br />And so, I'm still  inclined to give it 5 stars, as much for what might have been as for what  is.  Worth the price of admission for Morning Theft and The Sky is a  Landfill alone.
0453007686|5.0|This is an excellent book. It is not only entertaining, but educational.  Because it tells a well-known story from a different point-of-view, it clearly demonstrates to children (and reminds us adults as well) that there  are always two sides to any story.  A very enjoyable story indeed!
B0000026T4|5.0|Alice Cooper reminds me of David Bowie in some respects.  Not the style or the look or anything, but, the willingness to go out on a limb and try something different.  Not every Bowie fan likes every Bowie album and that could also be said about Alice Cooper.  I think &quot;Trash&quot; is a move on Alice's part to try his hand at a more mainstream album than he had done in the past.  I think he completely succeeded here.  The songs are about sex, love, and relationships gone wrong.  These subjects are all rock and roll staples.  What makes this different from the way a band more traditionally known for it's melodic bend is Alice's presentation.  He snarls through the song &quot;Trash&quot; in a VERY Alice Cooper way.  &quot;It's just the way you love me when you turn to t r a a a s h.&quot; He makes it sound so...wicked.  &quot;Poison&quot; is one of my all time favorite songs.  Hasn't everybody known somebody that just pushed all the right buttons but you KNOW better than to touch?  &quot;I wanna love you but I better not touch.&quot; For most of the other songs, you can get a clue as to what it's about by the song's title, except, perhaps, &quot;Bed of Nails&quot;, which is a song about down and dirty sex. &quot;Love hurts good...I'll drive you like a hammer on a bed of nails.&quot;.  Just for balance, Alice added a ballad, &quot;Only My Heart Talkin'&quot;.  Overall, the album is more commercial than a lot of Alice's previous work.  I expect some of the fans of his much older material may find it a little, hmm, commercial for their liking.  As for the rest of us that love the melodic hard rock bands and the lighter side of Alice, this album is a must!  If you are a fan of bands within the aforementioned group, such as, Aerosmith and Def Leppard, you may be in for a pleasant surprise.  Many of the bands have 1999-2000 releases.  After you pick up a copy of &quot;Trash&quot;, you might want to go check out your favorites. Need a memory jog?  Click on over to my home page on Amazon.  I have most of the bands reviewed or at least mentioned.  Are you ready to rock? :o)
0792844890|4.0|Mel Brook's canned air supplying, chest exploding, crotch damaging, ludicrously speeding, and devestatingly funny sci-fi farce takes a huge uproaruous backhand to George Lucas Star Wars trilogy, Gene Roddenberry's  Star Trek television show, and several other popular futuristic movies.  Brooks makes sure not to leave ANYONE out from the tounge-in-cheek mockery  that he is so notorious known for in the past. Taking the basic plot  elements of the orginal Star Wars, Brooks earnestly attempts to lampoon,  satrize, pulverize, or just plain milk every science-fiction film  convention for all their worth. Everything from the stupidity of the Star  Wars stormtroppers, the sudden terror of Alien's chestbuster, the hokeyness  of the force, the true meaning of light speed, to the impractical nature of  Star Trek's transporters are all embarrsed to no end. Especially notable is  the comical conterparts Brooks creates from his source movies. The  character of Star Wars's C-3PO is turned into a Joan Rivers voiced nanny.  Star Wars's Chewbacca is morphed into a half-man-half-human played by the  late John Candy. The mysterious personna of Frank Oz's Yoda is morphed into  Mel Brooks appearing in green face make-up potraying the role of Yogurt.  The very despicable Darth Vader voiced so brillantly by James Earl Jones is  mercesslessly comically savaged by a small and minute Rick Moranis.  Everything from set direction, dialogue, and to one's awareness of stunt  doubles are juiced and catapulted to the height of Brooksian comedy. Mel  Brooks casting decisions along with his humurously deft, extremely  knowledgable, and consistantly brillant direction put Spaceballs in a  special league of classic cult comedies. For those interested in Spaceballs  on DVD, the films prestine widescreen presentation along with the  insightful Mel Brooks commentary more than compensate for the price. A  must-see.
B000006OAM|5.0|Gentle, beautiful, introspective........the essential Natalie Merchant. Incredible lyrics. Good to excellent production values, but whoever mixed this album has a bass fetish. There are no lyrics provided with the  slipcover style packaging, which also seems to have to have no relevance to  the music within. Thank you Natalie.
B00000DGUG|4.0|For anyone considering buying this CD, I would recommend it, especially if you enjoy listening to Alanis' music. I was drawn to this CD by listening to Thank U, and it is still definitely the best song on the whole CD. Some  other really great songs are UR, which has a really rhythmical beat and  sound to it, and Unsent, which has a really understanding mood to it. All  the songs on the CD explore emotions and feelings, and they are insightful.  Overall, it's a great CD, I would rate it as a A- or B+.
0783240236|4.0|Okay, so it's a bit dated, the acting is shabby in places, the main  characters aren't real sympathetic, and the ending leaves you hanging -  this is still one of Hitchcock's funnest scare-fests! I've seen it dozens  of times, know all the dialogue, and still laugh out loud at some of the  lame line-readings. But you really have to marvel at the special effects  and some of the great camera-work! Those bird attacks are masterful and  look so real! Suzanne Pleashette gives the best understated performance as  the woman scorned, as does Jessica Tandy as the neurotic &quot;mother  hen&quot;. Lots of subtle symbolism, and there are some classic throw-away  lines in the diner scene - the waitress ordering &quot;Two Southern fried  chickens&quot; followed by &quot;Two Bloody Marys&quot; always makes me  chuckle. I've actually had two very bizarre encounters with seagulls myself  recently - one pecking at my office window, and another attempting to  snatch food out of my hand - so I think Hitchcock may have been on to  something! Good fun and always suspenseful entertainment.
0195117298|1.0|I have a strong mathematics/physics background and I found this book poorly written with almost no logical structure. I do not believe that the author proves anything. The hype does not justify the book. To wade through  the text and find that there are no real, comprehensible and understandable  arguments to support the title was a big let down.
B000000PLL|5.0|'Legend' (after the sock) is the lightest, least demanding of Henry Cow's works. Compared to 'In Praise of Learning', it seems lightWEIGHT. But there is a lot going on here: pellucid chamber rock constructions; tight,  thematic riffing; highly original use of instruments - Cutler already  exploring percussive sound drama, Frith finding new sonorities like the  geographic curves on 'Nirvana'. And there are beautiful, calm moments Henry  Cow would never find again.
B00003CWRX|3.0|The Insider was pretty good considering its 2hr and 35min run.  It's most  insightful on tobacco subjects and the acting well, the acting was great.   The only thing that I thought was wrong with the acting was Al Pacino but  then, I'm not really a Pacino fan.  It just seems to me that he was trying  way too hard with all that yelling and that dominating tone of his.  Now,  on the other hand, Russell Crowe was excellent.  I know that he's one of  the most greatest actors of now.  He didn't get what he deserved and it's a  shame because he should of.<br />Over all, The Insider was good.  To me it  really wasn't a thriller.  It lacked suspense but all the drama that you  need is in here and that should not be missed.
B00003CWTH|5.0|Paul Thomas Anderson is absolutely brilliant.  The idea of taking an artist's music and basing a movie on it is one of the most creative things I have ever seen.  If you haven't already seen the movie, I suggest  listening to the soundtrack first in order to get a feel for the movie.   One of the best movies ever, it was all I could think about for the next  two weeks.
6305807086|3.0|For me it was niether spellbinding nor thrilling (until the end) but it was probbaly the most original most inventive film of the year. The fact that a puppeteer found a portal in his work office that leads to John  Malkovich's head is just fun. There were some funny segments in the film  but nothing to make me burst out like I wanted too. If you're looking for a  film that's just pure entertainment then Being John Malkovich is for you.
0312954468|5.0|River God is one the best books that I have ever read.  It is a wonderful example of the imagination of Wilbur Smith.  I have read three of his books so far, including the sequel to River God, and River God is the best of the  three.  The book is a combination of love, fear, desperation,  leadership, and triumph.  The main plot is the love between Lostris, the  wife of the Pharoah of Egypt, and Tanus, a commander of an army of Pharoah  and a trusted friend of the narrator.  The story is told from the  perspective of a lowly, yet loved and respected slave named Taita.  His  mistress is coincidentaly Lostris and he helps to maintain the love between  her and Tanus.  All through the book, the two lovers try to secretly share  their love.  The story goes on through battles not only between  nations but between individuals.  It is not only another &quot;love  conquers all&quot; book with mushy, romantic love scenes, but is also a  book that offers a historical perspective of ancient Egypt.  It is obvious  throughout the novel that the author went to great lengths to research the  topic and make it sound so truthful you would think it wasn't fiction.  One of the best aspects was that it held my interest more than any other  book that I have ever read.  I was not able to put it down.  Wilbur Smith  is an expert at making the reader seem that he or she is actually a  character in the book.  The emotions of the characters were explained  wonderfully with the use of metaphors and similes.  They were portrayed  throughout the novel and it was as though I was actually there seeing the  battles and landscape and experiencing the love and hate.  I laughed and  cried and just plain thouroughly enjoyed the entire book.  I strongly  recommend it for anyone old enough to handle detailed war scenes and love  scenes.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Paul Thomas Anderson IS the most creative, most brilliant, most daring writer/director of all time. From the moment I saw this exellent example of human behavior and life I was full of different emotions that I never  experienced in a theater. Thank you PTA for being the first writer, that I  know, to write from your gut. <br />I was literally swept away from each and  every cast member's preformance and I marvel at the symbolism and irony  that this film captures. It surpised me. It shocked me. It made me think!  Magnolia has so much to offer a person. I wish that people could see what  Magnolia offered me. And for that, Magnolia is my favorite film of all  time!<br />KUDOS TO EVERYONE THAT WAS APART OF MAGNOLIA!
B0000025DT|5.0|This record put these guys on the map. Although these guys have recorded some catchy songs before and after this recording, nothing has exceded this release. The mix of rock n roll with orchestral instruments works very well as Jeff Lynne's added special effects offer just the right dosage whereas on subsequent releases they were far overblown.<br />The spaced out percussion solo on So Fine is incredibly weird in a good way as one feels like he's taken to another land. And the fade out on Shang Gri La is just so haunting.  And how about the drumming on such tracks as Rockariah and Do Ya?  What really makes this recording great is the atmospherics that exist on every track.  Anyway, this is a real gem for those who like something creative and different in their music.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Why? Because we're so blind from the series of events that occur within a quiet and peaceful town.<br />American Beauty is really a remarkable achievement. It captures a family whose really not a family and the  loniness of people that's both heartbreaking and interesting. American  Beauty has recieved the attention it deserved as well as the awards. It's a  must see for anyone who's captivated by the underside of quiet suburban  life.
B00004SPRN|5.0|Growing up in the '70s, &quot;After the Gold Rush&quot; was one of my favorites. This album is like the 2000 version. It's like a nostalgic trip to the past, although these are recent recordings. &quot;Razor Love&quot;  will make you melt.
6305014140|4.0|This is undoubtly one of the best manga movies I've seen. The plot is very well done, the characters are nicely made, and the animation is excellent. The fighting scenes are also really good. Although I wouldn't recommend  this movie for children I would certainly recommend it to all other  anime/manga lovers
1573921394|1.0|The main problem with Keynes is the fact that he wrote so much, some of it has to be somewhat correct. The only problem though is that Keynes' ratio of correctness to incorrectness is highly weighted toward the latter. I  sometimes wonder if Keynes did not sit down and write everything and  anything he could think of in hopes of getting it right eventually. In  short, a simplistic, often redundant, and economically flawed book. The  reputation on this one truly overshadows it's non-reflective garbage  aspect.
B00003CWL5|5.0|The best movie. Ever.<br />See it for the brilliant acting. See it for the amazing directing. See it for the tantalizing score. See it for Wes Bently's eyes, if nothing else.<br />Its fightening, hysterical, and I  couldn't move for ten minutes after I saw it. Literally. I started crying  from the Plastic Bag scene, and didn't stop after that.<br />If I could give  it more than five stars, i'd give it infinate stars.<br />witty, touching,  searing... especially for those people who have seen that look in our  father's eyes, that look that Ricky Fitts gets just before he leaves  home...<br />truly brilliant.
B000002NHN|1.0|If you are looking for relaxing celtic music, this is definitely NOT the CD. McKennitt's incesant whiny singing is best comparable to the scratchy old record players of the early 1900's. The songs, especially highwayman,  carry on for simply too long without any significant variation. By the time  you've listened to it but a second time, it's already pounding against your  eardrum over and over and over and over and over. Of special note though,  if you are in desparate need of a christmas gift for that one particular  inlaw that drives you crazy, get him/her this CD and rest assured it will  induce at least one headache before it is tossed out!
B000002URV|5.0|MCMXC A.D. has changed me as a person.  I cannot believe it has an average of 4.5 stars.  This is simply the most beautiful album in existence.
B000002NHN|1.0|If you are looking for relaxing celtic music, this is definitely NOT the CD. McKennitt's incesant whiny singing is best comparable to the scratchy old record players of the early 1900's. The songs, especially highwayman,  carry on for simply too long without any significant variation. By the time  you've listened to it but a second time, it's already pounding against your  eardrum over and over and over and over and over. Of special note though,  if you are in desparate need of a christmas gift for that one particular  inlaw that drives you crazy, get him/her this CD and rest assured it will  induce at least one headache before it is tossed out!
B000002URV|5.0|MCMXC A.D. has changed me as a person.  I cannot believe it has been rated an average of 4.5 stars.  I've been listening to it for 10 years, and have been trying to find music similar to it, but I can't.  Try &quot;Sadeness  (Reprise)&quot; or &quot;Callas Went Away&quot;.. hmm or &quot;Mea  Culpa&quot; <br />Even the intro is a masterpiece.  If you do what the woman  tells you to do (turn off the lights, take a deep breath...) and leave the  CD playing you will be so soothed.<br />This music is so sensual its amazing.   I love the breathing.  I would again like to emphasize that this music has  changed my as a person, it is not an exagerration.
B000000WIG|5.0|Outstanding Musician and a great album. A must have if you enjoy the logical continuation of late sixties and 70, Blues Rock.  Great tone, Great Soul and as always the right choice of notes.
B0000024LN|5.0|still a d. rider!    Once again, Redman comes hard and humoursous and disgusting.  Maybe not as experimental as Darkside, the beats are a little more conventional, but every song is a standout, its a fun album, whateva  man, pick it up, the first two songs, the new installment of supaman lova,  Do what ya feel (w. meth) all are great.  Amazing one liners you'll be  quoting for years, &quot;you remind me of school on a sunday, no  class,&quot; its another solid effort and rap masterpiece from the funk  doc.
0671042734|5.0|Le Carre's talent always staggers me, but this is a masterpiece by even his standard.  It's the greatest of spy novels, one based in human weakness rather than pyrotechnics.  The book provides a wealth of technique without  lapsing into the pedantic, but it also lays bare the near-incestuous talent  pool of the British, the private politics of those who claim to have none,  and the unspoken loves that sometimes prove more powerful than either.  As  a mystery, it's surgically precise.  Intense, tense, oddly funny at  moments, and haunting afterward.
B00000253N|5.0|I bought this album a year ago, when I was passing through a personal crisis and times were hard. Somehow, from the first line of &quot;Tangled up in Blue&quot; to &quot;Shelter from the storm&quot;, the album healed  and hurt at the same time. It hit me to the marrow of my bones and,  providing strange images of earlier years, Dylan made me review many years  of my life. Through the poet's feelings, people, places and stories from  the past came back under a different and new light. Also, new promises for  the future were formulated. &quot;..me, I'm still on the road Headin' for  another joint. We always did feel the same, We just saw it from a different  point of view&quot;. For in the end, Dylan reminds us, the only thing we  can do is &quot;keep on goin on, like a bird that flew&quot;. Great album.  Perfect for starters on Dylan too.
0783244320|4.0|I was a bit skeptical about seeing &quot;GalaxyQuest&quot; after some mixed reviews and the so-so history of Tim Allen's other movies (the &quot;Toy Story&quot; films excluded). But I had a great time watching this  movie.<br />The references and comparisons to &quot;Star Trek&quot; are  obvious throughout: an ego-driven star (Allen), the conventions full of  rabid, costumed fans, and some of the space sequences chief among them.  Granted, some of the hard-core &quot;Trek&quot; fans may be put off by this  parody, but I would have to believe that more often than not, most would  have a great time watching this film. <br />Tim Allen is good playing his role  with shades of William Shatner. Sigourney Weaver is enjoyable as the the  ditzy blonde with no real function on the ship. Alan Rickman, as usual,  provides some great laughs. But my personal favorite is the performance of  Tony Shaloub, who provides some of the funniest moments of the film with  his low-key, nothing-fazes-me style.<br />There are some elements, as in all  comedies, that are dumb, and there are parts of this film that are a bit  slow. But all in all, this is an enjoyable film for just about all ages.  And yes, even the Trekkies should enjoy it.
B00000DC10|5.0|The Refused are a pair of arms that penetrate your flesh to pull out the rage and hurt and every feeling of overwhelming defeat from inside your heart.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This may sound utterly snobbish of me, but in my experience only real movie fans are the people who loved Magnolia. Why did Magnolia repel so many? Well there are the obvious reasons like length (the movie clocks in  at over three hours), too many characters and perhaps because the movie is  just too hard to follow. That really is nothing to be scared of though. If  you truly appreciate the art of filmaking and appreciate things like  screenplay and directing instead of going for gooey entertainment then  Magnolia will blow you away.<br />Magnolia's plot is not absolutely crucial.  Basically it is about the lives of many people  on a regular day in LA.  There are about ten characters who are prominent and Paul Thomas Anderson  cleverly weaves their stories together over the course of the film. To go  into each of these characters would be spoiling the movie as it is  essentially a character study. But it can be said that all of these  characters have a flaw that they all must confront at some point in the  movie. Weather it be narcissist Tom Cruise, his dying Father played by  Jason Robards, jittery cop John C. Reilly or a retrospective William H.  Macy contemplating how much better his life was when he was  younger.<br />Symbolism is prevelant all throughout Magnolia. The most obvious  symbolic refernce is to a biblical passage, Exodus 8:2. This becomes a huge  factor at the end of the film. I must confess that I did not understand the  biblical refernce at all until it was explained to me after the film. Then  suddenly I realized that the number 8:2 had been popping up all over the  place throughout the film. Like the first time you see &quot;The Sixth  Sense&quot;, you will go over the movie in your mind after it is all over  and realize how should have figured it out from the beginning.<br />Paul  Thomas Anderson does a beautiful job writing and directing this film. The  screenplay juggles each of his richly developed characters so that all of  them seem convincing and powerful. It is evident in watching Magnolia that  Paul Thomas Anderson has seen perhaps too many Martin Scorsese films as  most of his camera shots are built upon Scorsese's. This is only a minor  quibble with another wise perfect film.<br />Watch Magnolia and be prepared to  think and acknowledge every aspect of the film. If you plan to watch it  with six other people and everyone will talking throughout then you might  as well not put it on because you'll be ruining it.
B00000DC10|5.0|The Refused are a pair of arms that penetrate your flesh to pull out the rage and hurt and every feeling of overwhelming defeat from inside your heart.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|Passion...that's the only word that comes to mind...Try to imagine any of these films without the John Williams touch-not the same, are they?... John Williams not only sets the tone for the film, but also lets you leave the  theater whistling the theme of what you just experienced...If there is one  criticism I must convey about this album, it is that they omitted the theme  from 1972's &quot;The Cowboys&quot;...Never a big Western fan, it's the  first movie that plucked the strings, if you know what I mean...(the only  other that comes close is Bruce Broughton's &quot;Silverado&quot;)...Cudos  to Mr. Williams-Your talent is unsurpassed, whether it be the tenderness of  &quot;Schindler's List&quot; or the fun of &quot;Swing, swing, swing&quot;  from &quot;1941&quot;...you've got a fan for life...
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is by far one of the best new bands this year (um, OK, last year). I listened to my brother's copy of the album and decided I have to have my own copy. I listen to it on a rotational basis inbetween Nine  Inch Nails, KoRn, and Beck, and it's a really well done album. I like the  lead singer's voice, too. The best tracks are Suite-Pee, Sugar, and  Spiders, although my personal favorite, Marmalade, is not on the US release  (it's on the Japanese release). You'll like them if you like Rage Against  the Machine, NIN, or any group with a political statement or if you just  like singers with cool voices.
B00000DFRS|1.0|well i know is must just not like the style of music on this cd but the reason i got it was beacuse i knew it had &quot;miracles&quot;and &quot;i learned from the best and though &quot;comeback&quot;was pretty good all  the other songs disappointed me i thought it would be more like her  previous cds and have songs with soul and tune this cd didnt and i was very  disappointed but thats just me opinion ok?
B000005H4K|5.0|This is the best piece of jazz I have ever listened to (other than live Max Roach). Duke Ellington, Max Roach and Charlie Mingus are three of the greatest and together they are truly amazing. I highly recommend this CD to  anyone. You will not be dissappointed.
B0000062Y2|5.0|Much better than the stage show the real funk of the peice is in its elelment on this soundtrack,   Carl your a star.  Watch the vid on acid for better effect
B000007RYQ|5.0|ONE STAR?   She is nuts...this disc is a masterpiece.
6305090564|4.0|The more I watch this film, the more I like it. I recently re-watched it after seeing DEEP BLUE SEA. DEEP RISING is aimed at a lower level, really, and I think it's better off for it. A B-movie at heart, DEEP RISING  conquers DEEP BLUE SEA because it never once takes itself seriously, and  the blend of light comedy and horror works well (director Sommers proved it  a successful formula later with THE MUMMY).<br />It's not just the gags that I  like, either. There's something about the beginning of the film that I find  curiously evocative - this high tech speedboat racing racing racing with  single-minded, straight-line purpose toward an unknown destination in  complete darkness. The fact that the audience knows what the crew will find  when they arrive makes it more tantalizing.<br />Still, with a B-movie one  must have B-movie expectations. The CG effects are only average and often  unconvincing. The plot motivations are ridiculous. The acting ranges from  extremely engaging (Treat Williams) to labored (Anthony Heald).<br />The DVD  presentation is sparse (typical for a Hollywood Pictures release). The  transfer is great, but non-anamorphic. There is a trailer, but nothing else  of note. The sound quality is exceptionally good.<br />Sorry to go back to  this comparison, but here I go anyway. Where DEEP BLUE SEA is lofty, DEEP  RISING is lowbrow. Both are decent films, and each has its strengths over  the other, but since this one is a heckuvalot of fun (and the other just  plain isn't), I'd rather watch DEEP RISING again.<br />I hope you found this  review informative! Thanks for reading.
0679745203|5.0|Oondatje conjures images and feelings that take the reader into the desert alongside the characters. I had no trouble following his writing style, but I do feel like I understood it more completely after reading it twice. One  if my all time favorite books.  The movie was also wonderful; it captured  the rich details of the characters and locations.
B00003CWL5|4.0|First off, I would like to say this to all those people who condemn the movie for its study of dysfunctional people: You are exactly what the movie is about---people who live in denial-- people who hide from the dark side  of life. When the ugly side of life is revealed, you confront it--not hide  from it.<br />  &quot;American Beauty&quot; is not a celebration of adultery  and dysfunction, it's a celebration of finding the inherent worth and  beauty in our ordinary lives. The movie just doesn't sugarcoat it; rather,  it hides it beneath a dark, morbid shell. A movie doesn't have to be sugar  and spice in order to be great. It can deal with dark issues and still be  beautiful.<br />This movie revealed my pent-up denials and fears in the  character of Lester, as well as my coldness in his wife, vanity in the  blond girl Lester lusts for, repression in the closeted Marine neighbor,  and innocence in the daughter. <br />Unlike other people out there who want to  deny that there's a dark side to life, I've chosen to accept and tolerate  it-- and admitt my own faults. And I can still search for and find the  beauty behind all this muck in life.<br />&quot;American Beauty&quot; shows us  the ugly, and finds the beauty within it.
6305718903|1.0|I tried to figure out who the producers and director of this bomb thought would be the likely audience profile for this movie.  My best guess is they decided their target audience would be people who:<br />(1)  Regard MTV VJs as  witty, brilliant thinkers,<br />(2)  Have spent more time in their life  reading cereal boxes than the Bible,<br />(3)  Would prefer books with  &quot;lots of pictures&quot; to those with nothing but words,<br />(4)  Have  had their principal exposure to Catholic teachings come from people who  know more about Martian horticulture than true Catholic teachings,<br />(5)   Think that Cosmo and Vogue are literary masterpieces,<br />(6)  Are angry that  Bart Simpson never won an Emmy for best actor,<br />(7)  Think Melrose Place  is a deep, thought-provoking series about real life.<br />Sorry for the  sarcasm, but this movie cries out for it.  Some reviewers have suggested  approaching this movie with an open mind.  I recommend approaching it with  a gas mask.
B000023X9W|2.0|I am a BIG Neil Young fan. I will buy a new Neil Young album without previously hearing a note of it, so it hurts me to say that I found this album painfully uninspiring, dull, and lacking in energy. I'm glad I've got  so many other Neil Young albums to listen to until his next new album.
B00000JMQE|3.0|&quot;Return to Oz&quot; is a wonderful film. But since there are already over 60 reviews here regarding the filmmaking itself, I feel that I should mention something about the disapointing lack of features on the DVD. Sure,  we get the widescreen and standard version on one disc... but where are the  extras that DVD fans have come to expect? No subtitles. No notes. No  biographies of the cast and crew. All we get is a very brief interview with  Fairuza Balk... and she really doesn't say anything of great interest. If  you like this movie enough, it's worth buying. I wouldn't go so far as to  say that I REGRET this purchase. But the DVD certainly isn't worth $3.50  more than VHS.
B000001FAK|5.0|Innovative-yes, important-yes but also a one off recording I don't think these heights were ever reached again by any of these musicians. So get it  because Jonnhy Almond's sometimes blistering  sometimes sultry sax and  Steve Thompsosn's unassuming bass playing are essential audio gems
0792844602|5.0|Amazing that I waited until my 47th year to view this brilliant movie. Most of those seated at this year's Academy Award Ceremony could learn a good lesson from this film. You don't need sleexe, gore. sex and filthy  language to make a great film. As one of those people who spends his time  watching only the great classic films and only views 1 or 2 New Releases  per year (This year it was Tarzan and Stuart Little) I would wholeheartedly  recommend this movie to anyone who is reading this review.
B000001F6N|4.0|4 Star record 5 Star playing by Peter Green. Like most Mayall recordings reviews revolve around the featured musician in the subject recording. Under the circumstances one is compelled to discuss Peter Green he makes  Hard Road a real spooky soulful blues album. Had he not come in the wake of  Clapton he would have reached at least the same status as his  playing/writing/singing surpasses Clapton's. Just listen to the  &quot;Supernatural&quot; and you can feel that Clapton and his imitators  had a long way to go to match to Peter in 1966-67.
0804106304|4.0|This novel by Amy Tan wonderfully combines a mother-daughter struggle to understand each other's worlds with the conflict that comes in an American-born child trying to understand her Chinese-born mother.  The  novel effectively combines the Chinese culture and the American state of  mind in a series of short stories on the lives of 4 mothers and 4  daughters.  The Chinese proverbs and morals are strong throughout the book.   Tan also manages to put little characteristics of herself and her mother  in each of the mother-daughter pairs.  The mixture of stories, such as a  child's mother committing suicide, a 12-year-old girl's arranged marriage,  a woman losing everything and still going strong, and a young child getting  a wish granted by the Moon Lady, is sure to leave any reader wanting to  know more of the Chinese culture.  The main difficulty in this book is  remembering which of the 8 characters is the main character in each story.   The struggle between one mother and daughter is repeatedly compared to a  game of chess that the mother always seems to be winning.  This book can  get tedious towards the middle, because each of the daughters' struggles  with their mothers are very similar and appear to be repeating, but the  mothers' stories of their lives in China break up the monotony at the end  of the book.  Anyone interested in a taste of a different culture, or  anyone liking a mixture of short stories is sure to like this book.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Most people said, &quot;One of the best Cd's of 1999!&quot;  Duh!  People just totally get Fiona Apple wrong!  They seriously do!  People say she has no talent:   She wrote all the songs on When the Pawn and Tidal....ummmm....Her songs  aren't silly, they have much meaning to them, they're poetic.  Her songs  aren't Mmmbop or The Touch or The Thong Song.  Now are those meaningful?   Do those acutally have somthing to say or somthing that will touch people's  soul?  NO!  Yeah right!  I just don't understand why people are so against  Fiona Apple.  So what if she's a waif kind of girl, so what if she isn't as  glamorous as Britney Spears or Cristina Agularia.  So what if she made that  speech on  Mtv....it should all come down to the MUSIC!  Not what they look  like or how they act.  Shouldn't it be about the Music.  I mean that's why  they perform for thousands of people out there, that's why they sell Cd's.   For the MUSIC! PEople make me so angry how they just push Fiona Apple  aside, placing her as some angry, selfless, stupid girl.  Listen to the  music, read the lyrics, hear how she sings, there's so much FEELING there!   Isn't that what it's about?  Isn't that what it should be about.  Think of  Janis Joplin:  She wasn't beautiful, she was loppy, she didn't dress  glamorous....and look at the legecy she left.....people these days just  think about the looks and how they look.<br />                                                                                                      That's  not what it's about.
B000022TSF|5.0|The water is the source of all evil, in the middle of a drought it is the Holy Grail for the greedy and the depraved, but I'm getting ahead of myself.<br /> Chinatown, Roman Polanski's brooding film noir is a film of many secrets. Like the best of films, the dialogue makes the audience feel that they're only getting part of the story, like there is this whole other world of decadence that surrounds these characters, its not just a story but a glimpse into another time and place. Take for example the title of the film &quot;Chinatown&quot;, I'm not spoiling anything by telling you that the Chinatown is not a major theme in the film, its a place Jake Gettis used to work as a cop, its also where the climax of the film takes place. We don't actually see much of this place in the film but when Gettis meets his old nemisis/pal Lou Escobar who used to work with him there, we picture it, making the world of the film that much larger.<br /> In order to fully appreciate Chinatown, you must really look at the character of J.J.  Gittes played by Jack Nicholson in a career best performance. He is a Private Eye, but he is not your average movie hero, he in no desperate loner, he is no Martin Riggs. He runs his office like a modern firm complete with assistants and a secertary, he tells vulgar and inane jokes about sex just like rest of us do and most of all he is deeply cynical and intelligent. When his investigation does get personal, this is how he chooses to explain his determination to continue it: &quot;Half of the city is trying to cover it all up which is fine by me, but I damn near lost my nose, and I like it, I like breathing through it&quot;.<br /> The woman, and there is always a woman, is Evelyn Mulwray (Faye Dunaway). As the rich, vunreable and mysterious widow she is more sensual then pretty. With that psuedo British accent, the vast wealth and the deceased husband she obviously indicates trouble. It is a mark of Chinatown's greatness that she is not a caricature, but a nervous wounded human being.<br /> The juciest performance in the film however belongs to John Huston as the all powerful Noah Cross. He is a man so blatantly depraved, that he prides himself in his depravity. &quot;You have a nasty reputation Mr.Gettes, I like that&quot; he says. But the main reason I bring him up is because he utters my favourite line in movie history, and I had to include that: &quot;Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough.&quot;<br /> It is fascinating to compare Chinatown to L.A.  Confidential (also a masterpiece) but their approaches are as different as night and day. In Chinatown Polanski employs what is called mise-en-scene, which is a technique that treats every scene as if it were performed on a stage. As a result the pace of the film is deliberate and builds on detail.  This pace makes the film less forceful, but more creepy, its takes its time to get under your skin. In L.A. Confidential on the other hand Curits Hanson employed a lot of montage, remember the sequence in that film with &quot;Wheel of Fortune&quot; on the soundtrack and a progression of events happening on screen. This makes the film's impact more immediate and satisfying. By comparison Chinatown needs at least 3 viewings for you to really get the feel for it. For the record I don't prefer one over the other, they just have different styles, each delicious in its own way. The difference between the two film is best represented by the difference in their music(both scores were written by Jerry Goldsmith). For Chinatown he does a lot of horn solos to achieve a creepy errie effect, for L.A.  Confidential his score is thumping and forceful.<br /> I must admit, I don't like the film's ending. I can't reveal it here because Amazon doesn't allow spoilers, but I've always felt it was a bit of a cop-out...<br /> The first time I saw Chinatown was about a year ago, I've watched it about once a month since then. Each time I admire it alittle more, get a firmer grip on the ingenious complicated plot and soak up more of that decadent atmosphere. Watch this film for the first time and you will like it, watch for the fourth and it'll blow you away.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma is smart, funny, deep, incisive, witty, and sharp--in other words,  it's a Kevin Smith movie.  It isn't his funniest (that's Mallrats), nor  does it boast the best dialogue of a Smith movie (that's Clerks, though not  by much) but it does have the best plot, the best acting, and the most to  say of any Kevin Smith movie.  Only American Beauty was better in my book  last year.  If you like Kevin Smith, you should own this movie.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This is one of the greatest spoof I've ever seen! You don't have to be a Star Trek fan to enjoy this but it will certainly triple the entertainment if you are. The plot is nothing unusual, but the scripting was brilliant,  smart and very witty. Great casting too! Who could convince themselves that  Sigourney Weaver can play such a &quot;good bimbo&quot;, after being so  saturated with Alien, Aliens, Aliens3 and Aliens4 all these years? I nearly  rolled off the chair laughing when she came in bubbly jumping around and  repeating after the computer!<br />This show is a spoof but it doesn't fall  into the category of cheap, slapstick. It is pure fun!
B00000J2KX|5.0|A fascinating departure for Kubrick as he moved away from what could be considered as &quot;intellectual&quot; films, to an extreme study of isolation, loneliness, and ultimately, delusion and terror. Groundbreaking  camera work only adds to the impending sense of doom. Great performance by  Nicholsonas the would be author who's writers block only permits him one  sentence. Try looking at an elevator the same way again.
B0000021RD|4.0|You know, if you were in high school band back in the early to mid '70's, you listened to Chicago. A lot. And all of you out there shaking your heads  are in denial...'fess up, you'll feel a lot better for it! I myself still  flash on playing &quot;Colour My World&quot; over and over and over again  while they introduce homecoming queen candidates...but I digress...<br />This,  for what it's worth, is (in my opinion, of course) the lumbering  monstrosity known as Chicago Transit Authority's finest record, and  probably the only one where their good intentions, clever jazz/rock/brass  synthesis and early 70's hippie ideology were in sync with their desire to  make radio friendly cheese...for all the critical scorn Chicago has caught  over the years, and there has been a plethora of invective, let me tell  you-Chicago sounded like no other group then, and for that matter,  since-and that has to stand for something! <br />Perhaps it's just the  residual karmic hangover from my constant playing of this album in my early  teens, or maybe I'm just not as choosy as I used to be, but I still get a  kick out of this record after all these years. Song after song on this  sucker chimes in with a clever brass arragement here, and a memorable  melody there, and if the subject matter of a lot of these tunes sounds a  bit...well, quaint, just remember these were more idealised times and these  groovy brothers were just trying to raise our consciousnesses and help us  get out stuff together. <br />Chicago as a group entity or whatever it is  still has a lot to answer for-Peter Cetera's solo career, for instance, and  a host of 80's and early 90's albums that were absoultely abominable in  their smarmy bombast and slickness-but as long as I can still put Chicago  II on and get an intense, tuneful nostalgia rush, I can forgive.<br />Maybe we  all can. <br />Right on, brothers and sisters...Peace.
6305073341|4.0|Robocop is a movie that many find gratuitously violent.  It is a violent film, yes. But the violence is necessary to illustrate how far the future world has spiralled down that path. The mood of the movie is black,  depressing and almost hopeless. I say &quot;almost&quot; because the  efforts of our hero, Murphy, (AKA Robocop), and his partner, Lewis, do  offer us a glimmer of hope.  <BR><BR>The plot follows a big business,  (OCP), and its attempts to clear the way for the demolition of a large part  of Detroit to make way for a new and profitable city center. Unfortunately  one of the top executives is involved in a little organized crime, on the  side. He is trying to squeeze as much personal gain out of that area of the  city as he can. To this end, he has aligned himself with an especially cold  blooded criminal, so as to take over the city's drug market.  <BR><BR>This  particular criminal is also responsible for the murder of officer Murphy  who  is then volunteered to be the test subject for some new cyborg  technology which a small division of OCP is developing. Robocop is born. He  is then put back into the regular police force as a better than regular  cop.  <BR><BR>Naturally Murphy becomes involved in tracking down the crime  lord who is also his killer. This then leads him back to the OCP executive  and a definite conflict of interest between Murphy's human part and his OCP  programming. There are many circular plot devices in the movie as you can  see.  <BR><BR>This is the sort of movie that on first viewing will cause  your jaw to drop to the floor and stay there. For those who strive for  meaning in film, it also has some powerful messages about the impunity of  criminals in American society as well as the dangers of unregulated big  business.
B00003CWRX|5.0|In 1999, with films pushing the envelope of storytelling(Blair Witch, Fight Club, Matrix) this compelling drama could be considered simple, but it is a remarkable feat of exposition and performance that was unsurpassed  last year. Michael Mann has definitely made his best film to date, and it  is a piece of storytelling that will go down with &quot;All The President's  Men&quot; as a superior journalistic drama.<br />What can you say about  Russell Crowe other than magnificent? The reason it is so amazing is to see  the other work he has done. He is so effortless in this film that anyone  not familiar with his work will not realize what a stretch this  is.<br />Pacino is the anchor of this film, and he is, as always, wonderful.  Ranging from funny to intense, he takes the audience through this journey  and never lets us down as he tries to tell his story to the  nation.<br />Christopher Plummer was absolutely robbed of a nomination for his  portrayal of Mike Wallace, bringing the different shades of nobility and  compromise that Wallace must have been feeling during the entire ordeal to  light. He was awesome.<br />Final thought: Bravo to Mr Mann for putting Gary  Sandy in this film. Sandy is known best as the lead in &quot;WKRP in  Cincinatti&quot; and he plays a shady lawyer in the film. WE WANT MORE GARY  SANDY!
630516889X|5.0|I consider Predator, and its sequel, to be a fascinating new way to look at Aliens.  In the past Aliens have been portrayed as either so advanced that we can not comprehend them or pathetically weak and easily abused by  we violent humans. It is refreshing to see a species portrayed as  technologically advanced but with a tribal, violent culture. For once we  are able to have a real understanding of the Aliens' motivation. Rather  than humanize them, I think it increases the horror of the victims' plight.<br /><br />The premise of the film is that there is an Alien species that  like to visit Earth to do a little hunting.  The trouble is that the  Predators appreciate intelligent and powerful prey and have therefore  selected humans for the hunt. Typically they hunt singularly and only when  it is extremely hot by our standards. With shoulder mounted, visually  directed, laser guided, smart missiles and multi spectrum visors, they  stalk a chosen field to bring down the most challenging human they can  find. It is not mindless violence either. They only track prey that has a  means of defence, (ie. that are armed) and will not take a pregnant female  or child.<br /><br />In the first film we just see the hunting habits of a  predator in the jungle. We see its ritual cleaning of the trophies and we  find a few holes in its defences care of Dutch, (Schwartzenegger). The  second film is set in Los Angeles. We find that the government has its own  agenda when it comes to the predators. The technology that the aliens  employ is too tempting just to try to destroy them out of hand, which makes  for an interesting conflict of interests.<br /><br />The predator movies have  spawned a wonderful series of comics which have since merged with the  &quot;Alien&quot; comics to produce a top selling line called  &quot;Predator vs Aliens&quot;. For those who caught the elongated skull  hanging in the trophy case in the predator's ship, it was put there by the  special effects director as a nod to his earlier film, &quot;Aliens&quot;,  not as a hint of future films. It seems that the comics in that series were  so popular that a number of books have been written on the subject and to  complete the circle it is rumored that a movie version of one of the books  may result.as a nod to his earlier film, &quot;Aliens&quot;,  not as a hint of future films. It seems that the comics in that series were  so popular that a number of books have been written on the subject and to  complete the circle it is rumored that a movie version of one of the books  may result.
B00004RHZU|4.0|Overall, I found the CD to be very satisfying.  Each song, in and of itself, has nice beats.  The song lacks a large number of standard ballads like &quot;Stop Falling,&quot; which I think is the best song along with  &quot;There You Go&quot;.  &quot;Split Personality&quot; is a bit akward in  its form, but is at the least entertaining.  &quot;Most Girls&quot; is a  tight, tight song with nice beats-this could possible be a single.   &quot;Love is...&quot; sounds like it should be a ballad, but has some  weird beat in the background; I still haven't decided if it works.   &quot;Private Show&quot; shouldn't be on the cd - it just sounds cheap.   &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; will probably be the next single, or  &quot;Hell...&quot; and both songs have a sassy feeling to them.   &quot;Hiccup&quot; is really cute ^o^ Some reviewers (such as the first  reviewer) find her debut album annoying, suggesting mimics of Kelis and  Alanis Morrisette, but they should be reminded that some people find their  cds annoying as well (if I hear &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; one more  time...). Some songs annoy me (Private Show, You Make Me Sick), overall the  songs are felt by Pink, and yet aren't generic and produced in their anger.  If you like Pink's voice in &quot;There You Go,&quot; you will find the  rest of the cd even more impressive.  Though the cd lacks a normal  distribution of variety in types of songs, and many of the songs sound  over-produced, Pink's vocal power carry this cd further than, say, Britney  Spears could.
6305079900|5.0|It is now accepted that &quot;The Terminator&quot;, the predecessor of Terminator 2: Judgment Day, is a classic science fiction film. This was not immediately obvious to a lot of people who only gave T1 the nod after the  success of T2. I am happy to lavish praise on both movies.  Consider though  that T1 had a production budget of less than one fifth of T2 and you may  start to get a feel for what an outstanding job was done on it.<br /><br />Terminator is the story of a young woman, (Sarah Connor), being  stalked. When you get down to it, that is the essence of the film and also  the source of the suspense and empathy we feel for that character. We can  all imagine what it would be like to have your life placed at risk at the  hands of a persistent murderer.<br /><br />Where this film pushes the envelope  is that the stalker is a cyborg, (part mechanical, part organic), killing  machine, (Terminator), from the future. Everyone else has said it so I may  as well. Schwartzenegger was perfectly cast in the role of an emotionless  machine of destruction. It's mission to assassinate the mother of John  Connor, who was to later in time become the leader of an army that opposed  the terminator's creator, Skynet.  Said creator being a self aware computer  that had taken control of the world by using the automated nuclear defence  grid.<br /><br />Sarah has an ally in the form of a soldier who volunteered to  travel from the future to protect the mother of his commander against the  Terminator. Played by Michael Biehn, Kyle Reese is determined to save the  woman that he loves. He managed to fall for Sarah before he had even met  her, through a faded Polaroid that John Connor gave him some years earlier.  In my opinion, it is Biehn that shines in this picture. Yes, the rest of  the actors were excellent but this was the first major film that Bein was  in and he was nothing short of brilliant. I think that a large part of the  horror we feel towards the terminator is a reflection of Reese's attitude  and reactions to it. If this obviously tough and battle scarred veteran is  brought nearly to the edge of hopelessness then you just know the bad guy  is a serious problem.<br /><br />Terminator was a fast paced film with a  relentless series of suspenseful chases and terrifying action sequences.  I  could not at the time imagine a film that could be as gripping, that is  until I saw Judgment Day, otherwise known as T2. Same plot only with the  roles exchanged. This time the victim is John Connor a twelve year old boy,  the original terminator, still played by Schwartzenegger, is the protector,  (reprogrammed in the future). The bad guy is also a terminator, but this  time it is an advanced prototype, (T-1000). No longer a Cyborg but a living  metal organism that can flow into any shape it desires.<br /><br />If I  thought the first terminator was relentless then the T-1000 is unstoppable.  Well, at least until he faced the newly buffed Sarah Conner in the dramatic  finale. The special effects in T2 were ground braking and the attention to  detail was flawless in every part of the movie. I have never met anyone who  didn't walk out of the cinema after T2 with a look of stunned awe on their  face.Reese's attitude  and reactions to it. If this obviously tough and battle scarred veteran is  brought nearly to the edge of hopelessness then you just know the bad guy  is a serious problem.<BR> <BR>Terminator was a fast paced film with a  relentless series of suspenseful chases and terrifying action sequences.  I  could not at the time imagine a film that could be as gripping, that is  until I saw Judgment Day, otherwise known as T2. Same plot only with the  roles exchanged. This time the victim is John Connor a twelve year old boy,  the original terminator, still played by Schwartzenegger, is the protector,  (reprogrammed in the future). The bad guy is also a terminator, but this  time it is an advanced prototype, (T-1000). No longer a Cyborg but a living  metal organism that can flow into any shape it desires.<BR> <BR>If I  thought the first terminator was relentless then the T-1000 is unstoppable.  Well, at least until he faced the newly buffed Sarah Conner in the dramatic  finale. The special effects in T2 were ground braking and the attention to  detail was flawless in every part of the movie. I have never met anyone who  didn't walk out of the cinema after T2 with a look of stunned awe on their  face.
0312243022|5.0|I read Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway right before this book, in order not to miss a nuance. Cunningham did such a grand job of reiterating Woolf's theme -- to be or not to be, in essence -- but in his own postmodern way.  I loved  the way he explored identity by taking Woolf's plot points and giving them  to totally other people, and doing so in a way that turned out not to be  unduly self-conscious.  Yes, this felt experimental, but also a rousing  success.  I especially love the way Cunningham doesn't sugarcoat the big  issues, what I might call the &quot;shall I kill myself today or should I  watch this cloud, this car, this flower, and let it be enough,&quot;  quandary. Quietly unforgettable.
0800128052|4.0|Rudy is based on a true story. In a sense it is about the struggle to break out of one's class. But I prefer to think of it as a vivid example of what can be achieved through pure dedication to a goal.<br /><br />Rudy  Ruettiger, played by Sean Astin, is one of many children born into a lower  class family of steel mill workers. Not surprisingly the family is devoted  to football, specifically the team from their local university, Notre Dame.  Sprouting from this base of economic hardship and team idolatry, a dream is  born. Rudy, at a very young age, makes up his mind that he will one day  play on his families favourite team.<br /><br />It is clear to everyone except  Rudy that he has no chance. He is small, poor and not overly bright. He  doesn't even show any brilliance playing high school football, although he  plays with unmatched enthusiasm. So the avenues open to him which would  allow entry into the Notre Dame football team seem non existent.<br /><br />I  particularly like the scene where Rudy's Dad, Danny, played by Ned Beatty,  tries to convince him to aim at a more modest target. He describes how his  own Father, an immigrant, gambled his whole life savings on a farm during  the depression. Naturally he lost everything. This taught Danny the value  of caution and the danger of dreams. But it is water off a ducks back to  Rudy.<br /><br />Never giving up, Rudy struggles to take any avenue which  would bring him closer to his goal. Whilst most people that he meets  actively discourage him, a few seem to see, with wonder, the strength of  his conviction. He is portrayed as a single minded man, yes. But he also  has a lot of compassion. What a great example he makes of how one can  assert the right to fight for a goal whilst still holding out a helping  hand to others along the way.<br /><br />In a word, this film is  inspirational. If you feel the world is getting to be too much to handle,  watch Rudy. I guarantee you will feel recharged.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I've noticed many people are disgusted with this album, but I can't say I feel the same way.  This is a greatest hits, live show, and an experiment all wrappped into one CD.  Sometimes Metallica and the orchestra just don't  blend well, but other times the songs are brought to a new level such as on  &quot;Nothing Else Matters,&quot; &quot;Hero Of The Day,&quot;  &quot;Bleeding Me,&quot; &quot;The Call Of Ktulu,&quot; &quot;No Leaf  Clover,&quot; and &quot;The Memory Remains.&quot;  These are just a few of  the memorable tracks; there's definitely others.  I do wonder why &quot;The  Unforgiven&quot; was not included since its slower rhythm and dark mood  would have sounded great with the orchestra, but I guess certain songs had  to be left out for reasons.  Throughout the show, Hetfields remains  energetic and the crowd gets involved several times in the singing, which  is something fun about live discs.  If only more bands like Metallica would  experiment more with different sounds and settings, the face of rock would  be in a better state.
0380788624|5.0|All his books are great.  This is the best so far.  It has the added advantage of giving you a short course in cryptography and a rousing portrait of WWII code breakers.
B000000OUJ|5.0|probably my favorite wu solo album.  i love &quot;duel of the iron mic&quot;.  I would probably say this is up there with only built for cuban linx.  possibly better.
B00000IQBM|5.0|I am a HUGE Stephen King fan. I have almost all his books, and have even written to and been replied to by him. That being said, even though he disliked this movie adaptation of his book, I loved it!<br />Kubrick created  a masterpiece of horror and suspense in this movie. Other King movies focus  more on the conventional blood and gore stuff, this one tries to climb  inside your head and mess with it, which I love. From the first stirrings  of madness in Nicholson, to the wonderful moment when a freaked-out Duval  realizes the &quot;novel&quot; her husband has been slaving over is merely  drivel, to the famous &quot;redrum&quot; little Danny shrieks, it's all  there, and it's marvelous.<br />If you haven't seen this movie yet, and are a  King fan, you should love it (despite what a previous reviewer says). If  you're not a King fan, you'll still love it if you're willing to let the  movie work on your head, rather than do the obvious blood and guts stuff.  &quot;Scream&quot; it's not, thank goodness! But a not-to-be-missed classic  it is. Go for it!
B000002H4C|5.0|This has to be one of the best soundtracks of all time from the 1980's. The movie is just an 80's classic and sets the stage for the genre itself. I know every Heavy Metal fan has to have his or hers favorite on here. My 2  favorites are &quot;Heavy Metal&quot; By Sammy Hagar (this version is way  better then the one off the &quot;Standing Hampton&quot; LP) and  &quot;Prefabricated&quot; By Trust. I can go on and on about both the movie  and the soundtrack. I just recently bought this album back in the summer of  1998 and was amazed that they even made it for CD. This brings back a lot  of memories for me and i hope many others. Here's a saying from the song  &quot;Heartbeat&quot; By Riggs....&quot;Heartbeat...heartbeat, i'll do you  in a heartbeat.&quot; Remember from the chase in the first half of the  film, so classic.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Fun for the entire family.  I've never been a huge Tim Allen fan, but everyone I know who saw this movie loved it, so I thought I should give it a try.  Worth it!  Great movie, light-hearted fun, pokes fun of Star Trek  fanatics with great wit.  Sigourney Weaver gets to flex her funny bone,  something I've never seen in all her dramatic roles, and she's great.   Perfect for everyone in the family - nothing really offensive here.
6305750750|4.0|As the familiar strains of the Star Wars theme begin, the excitement in the movie theater is so thick you can reach out and touch it.  Has George Lucas done the unimaginable and created yet another epic for the new  generation?  <br />The answer would be. . . just about.  Yes that's right.   The effects are stunning and the movie is better than most I've seen, but  it falls just short of that Lucas Magic we all have come to expect.   Despite this fact, though, it is a great movie, and had it been made by any  other person, it would be hailed as the greatest of their career.  I  definitly recommend this movie, but don't expect it to stack up to the  original Star Wars films.
B000002LKF|5.0|One of my top 10 favorite albums of all time, _The  Rhythm of the Saints_ is absolutely Paul Simon's best work, easily outdistancing his groundbreaking work on _Graceland_.  Where _Graceland_ felt in places like  an experimental coupling of two traditions, _Rhythm_ gives us an artist now  confident with the blending of musical influences.  <br />What comes forth in  _Rhythm_ is complete emotional evocation.  Like the best classical music,  the efforts here are so fully realized that you can actually *see* the  music.  Putting this CD into your player is inviting this music to define  another world for your mind to play in.<br />&quot;Further to Fly&quot; is  perhaps the best example the album has to offer of this visual  transportation.  To me, it has always represented what Africa (or, to a  lesser extent, any place) feels like to a foreigner.  The unique  combination of the drums, the guitar,  and Simon's own hauntingly-produced  voice makes me actually see Africa from the luxurious, safe height of a  plane.  <br />Yet, what makes Simon so satisfying here is that of course the  lyrics often aren't directly about what the music feels like on first  listen.  &quot;Further to Fly&quot;, to continue to the example, has many  different levels of interpretation, most of which have nothing really to do  with actual travel.<br />This, then, is an album that continues to give up its  secrets long after it has seduced you with its music.  It will be one you  long keep in your CD player just so you can return to its world with ease.
B000002IP1|5.0|It's a rarity when every single song on a CD (not just the radio hits) are good. But Seriously is not only one of these rarities, but perhaps the best example.<br />Collins touches on a range of life issues from poverty (Another  Day In Paradise), fatherhood (Father To Son), and love (I Wish It Would  Rain Down).<br />This album produced three songs that would later be on  Collins' Hits album but some of the lesser known songs are just as good.  Find A Way To My Heart is probably the best example of this and is a better  way to close out a CD than Take Me Home from the No Jacket Required (and  Hits) album.<br />If you are going to get a Phil Collins CD, this is the one  to have. While the Hits Album has a collection of all his popular works,  But Seriously has a lot you'll be more than glad you gave a chance.
B000000WZ4|5.0|Though originally in the same mould as Duran Duran and a-ha, Depeche Mode has increasingly become more of the thinking person's Europop group.  With _Ultra_, the group comes close to perfecting their studio-bound craft.  If  you own no other bit of Europop, make this the one.<br />This album takes  everything that is maligned about Europop (too-clever studio manipulations,  annoyingly bland loops, aural cacophony, lyrics that rhyme more than  inform) and finds virtue rather than vice.  _Ultra_ shows the vast,  textural potential of the genre.  These heavily produced tracks could never  satisfactorily be performed live, but then we don't want them to be.   Studio techniques used here evoke the songs' dark lyrical moods, leaving us  to actually enjoy the music for its (gasp!) own merit.  The lyrics have  clearly been arrived at through life experience, and the genre through  which they're told powerfully enhances their meaning.  Consequently,  _Ultra_ may be one of the few albums able to make Europop rise above  itself.
B000003TA2|4.0|This album is their first DGC release.  It is great cd to see if you like sonic youth.  No other band could produce this album.  Their signature sound of strangely tuned guitars, sub euphamistic lyrics, and their mastery of controled disonance shines on this release.  E.V.O.L. and Daydream  Nation are also as good if not better than this release.  Check it out you  should not regret it.
B0000020C4|5.0|This soundtrack is definitely powerful and pleasing.  Colm Wilkinson is an excellent Val Jean.  Michael Ball's voice is quite impressive.  Ruthie Henshall is the perfect Fantine... and of course, Miss Dream Voice herself,  Lea Salonga as Eponine will change the cadence of your breathing in  &quot;On My Own&quot;.    I highly recommend this CD package.  It was money  well spent.
B000002549|4.0|It works.  Barbra puts a very unique spin on classical music.  Some tracks are rather unremarkable-- good bedtime music.  My favorite songs are &quot;In Trutina&quot; and &quot;Brezairola.&quot;  The latter is one of my  favorite Streisand efforts.  The French lullaby, I read somewhere, has been  used to calm patients in institutions for the mentally ill... Very  soothing.  Barbra is obviously not an opera singer, but she has never  claimed to be one...  So, if you're a Streisand fan, buy this album.  If  you're a fan of art songs, you might find this album flawed but  interesting.
B00003CXDV|4.0|What do you get when you take a group of washed up actors, from a washed up sci-fi show of the late seventies/early eighties called &quot;Galxy Quest&quot;, and team them up with a race of aliens who believe them to be  actual space adventurers who can save them from an alien dictator? A very  good mixture for humour and action. Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, and Alan  Rickman are the stars of this film. Alan Rickman plays a very touchy actor  whose grown to hate the spock like character he portrays in the show.  Sigourney Weaver plays an actor whose more remembered for her cleavage  rather than her acting. While Tim Allen's character gets off on being the  heroic space captain(reminds me of another captain I know). It's good to  see a Star Trek spoof that works so well. Ahead screen saver two.
B00000J2KR|5.0|Some people criticize this as being a somewhat plodding, blunderous affair; so why is this my favorite Kubrick film of all time? Well, aside from the exhilarating, epic qualities of Spartacus, the hilarious but  gloomy atmosphere of Dr. Strangelove, the delightfully frightening and  campy personality of The Shining, and the breathtakingly original  production of 2001, this meticulously crafted and entertainingly told story  seems to me to embody everything Kubrick stood for--his eccentricities, his  artistic traits, his ability to entertain--and, therefore, seems to me to  be the ideal film from the master. Watch it again, and see how 2001, the  Shining, and even Spartacus pale in comparison to this masterpiece, their  flaws revealed.
B000001FTD|5.0|Anthrax got famous with the 1987 release of theis thrash punk hardcore release. The song&quot; Cought in A mosh &quot; marks a milestone because it was Anthrax's first real hit. But the best songs on the album in my  opinion are the catch hit &quot;Skeletons in the closet&quot; because of  the loud screamin and amazing chorus and &quot;Indians&quot; because it  meant somthing wrather than just a headbanging song. This is a good album  if you want to hear what Anthrax is all about.
B000002UA2|5.0|Obscrured by Clouds is Floyd's fifth greatest album, after Animals, Dark Side, Wish You Were Here, and The Wall. Yet, Floyd's fifth greatest is greatly superior to almost anything that any other band can come up with.  This album is fresh, from the Pink Floyd before Dark Side's success. Every  member of the band made greater contributions, and it shows. Childhood's  End, Wots . . . uh the deal, Free Four, Burning Bridges, The Gold its in  the . . ., and the rest are absolute classics of Gilmour. The only thing I  can complain about is that Gilmour's voice sounds a bit airy and light, but  not much. The songwriting is incredible and the songs themselves very  catchy and lighthearted for Floyd. You won't regret the purchase of  Obscured By Clouds and more than you did The Wall or Dark Side or Animals.  Its great, awesome, and I cannot say enough about its obscurity.
6305807086|4.0|This is an interesting film, and I recommend it to those who enjoy the antics of Monty Python, the egocentric humor of Woody Allen, and/or are John Cusack and John Malkovich fans.  Those who like literal tales with  &quot;true lovers&quot; may find this film a bit off-putting.  Liberated  women who like to see men get their just desserts will find this film  amusing. Many men will not like this film, my husband did not get it and  did not like it.<br />The cast is wonderful, I especially enjoyed Cameron  Diaz in a non-glam role as a frowzy, bi-sexual, animal lover. This gal can  act, and it's beyond me why she wasn't awarded something for her work.  Those who liked the glam Cameron Diaz in &quot;Something about Mary&quot;  may be disappointed.  John Cusack is...John Cusack and John Malkovich is  ...John Malkovich. Both of them are masters of the weird, and this film is  weird.<br />I liked the film and I'll probably get it on DVD since it's the  kind of film you could watch over and over and see things you hadn't seen  the first, second, or third time. It's a somewhat intellectually  challenging film (who is really pulling whose strings? ), and a suitable  role for Cusack following &quot;Grosse Pointe Blank&quot; and preceding his  new film &quot;High Fidelity.&quot;
B00004STPT|4.0|Hans Zimmer's score to Ridley Scott's &quot;Gladiator&quot; has the tone of a concert performance.  Although, it is obvious that the riveting and thundering battle music was modeled after the late Gustav Holst's  &quot;Mars, the Bringer of War.&quot;  The score has nothing  groundbreaking, though it doesn't fall into the formulaic typicality of  epic film scoring - In fact, the score doesn't sound like an epic score at  all; it is often ambient, and at times atmospheric.  With epic films, music  is at times the steppingstone to building or exaggerating the dramatic  connection.  At times, it requires more music to underscore scenes with  romance, contention, landscapes, and battles.  More often, composers fall  into the trap of washing away the equilibrium of the film with musical  gravy.  Zimmer, on the other hand composed in a dramatic style that  identified with a broad range of dramatic needs for the characters and  actions in the scenes.  For instance, he uses a nylon stringed guitar in  some parts to underscore the character's friction.  The guitar is played in  sixteenth to thirty-second notes in diminished and enharmonic patterns.  It  is also the same for the bamboo saxophone, duduk, with a few exceptions of  parts where inhalation-sounding arrangements sounded like James Horner's  shakuhachi flute in &quot;Legends of the Fall.&quot;  But I liked the sound  of the duduk; it gave an organic sound to deepen the character leitmotifs  in certain scenes.  At times, I'd noticed muddy orchestrations because of  too many accents on the instruments.  Overall, Zimmer's score brings a  cohesive power to the film.  It succeeds in shaping the dramatic aspect of  the film, without over distorting it; the music is powerful, like the  story's heights and downfalls.  With sounds direct and appealing to the  emotions of the characters on celluloid, the impact is felt on the vast  theatergoers comfortable seated in their seats.
B00003W8NM|4.0|1. It is not a simple critique of American consumerism, although &quot;it's in there.&quot; 2. It is not &quot;Seven&quot; - this film has a plot and is not carried by its stars and director, although the stars and  director are amazing.  This makes FC better than &quot;7&quot; IMHO. 3. It  is not the book. 4. It is not a film you watch only once. 5. It is not a  film to put you to sleep. It is a film for anyone who has ever really  thought about their life, and life in general.  If you are wondering how a  film could feature barechested men in &quot;toughman&quot; fights sans  gloves and any padding or protection at all as well as explore the  fundamental question, &quot;Am I special, unique or wonderful in some  grand, metaphysical way?&quot;, well, this is your film.  See the movie,  then read the book. If you think this review makes no sense, you haven't  seen the film. Do so.  It is well worth it.  If you saw the film, buy the  book and forgive David Fincher for changing the ending in a way I won't  reveal. And don't order the Clam Chowder.
B00003W8NM|4.0|An enjoyable movie with many plot twists. Keeps you guessing throughout the movie. Good acting and good plot make this movie a must see.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Okay, it's a Kubrick film, so there is a LOT going on on many levels.  I'll elaborate a bit below, but the long and short is - this is not a date movie, unless you want to spend the rest of the evening talking about the  film, and I guarantee any two people, regardless of gender or other  difference, will disagree about many things in the film.  Which is good,  IMHO. Okay - the skinny: 1. Acting - great in supporting cast, mediocre in  the leads (Cruise and Kidman).  Tom is trying hard to climb out of Jerry  McGuire.  Nicole is better, but overacts during her best scene. 2.  Production (cinematography, sets, everything but acting and plot) ROCK.   You could watch this film with the sound off and it would be great.   Revisit Kubrick master-touches from the past and see a few new ones.   Kubrick is rejoined by old friends the &quot;magic 70's zoom-cam&quot; and  the color Red. 3. Plot - if you're counting on dialog to do the trick, it  won't.  Like 2001, the dialog does little (okay, it does more here than in  2001, but still not much).  Kubrick is Kubrick because everything in the  film should talk to the viewer - your interpretations are AS IMPORTANT as  what Kubrick is showing you (Kubrick's view, not just mine).  Like 2001,  the magic happens when the viewer superimposes his or her self on what the  film gives. Think about what you are seeing and how you are seeing it.   Dialog helps, but don't let it distract you.  I saw it with my girlfriend.   I like Kubrick, she didn't know him.  It took us two days to figure out if  we liked it or not.  I liked it a lot - I put it in his top 5 for visual  style alone.  She hated hated hated it, but it took two days to get there.   Any film that makes one digest it for so long is worth seeing, and this one  is worth owning.  Note: photographers and amateur filmmakers, watch this  film. Repeat as necessary. Overall, a great film for those who don't mind a  little introspection / navel-contemplation or who want something to talkabout afterward.  A very bad film for &quot;background noise&quot; or a  frat party, despite the nudity. A final note - the hoopla about sex/nudity  is vapor.  There is nudity and sex, but it drives Kubrick's plot. I won't  discuss it further, but let's just say the treatment of gender/sex issues  in this film are similar to &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; in some ways.   Those who haven't seen ACO, don't worry about it. Eyes Wide Shut won't warp  your brain.  At least not from the sex.
0767802659|1.0|An insult to one of the better science fiction books written by Robert Heinline. This film totally misses the point of the book (which was a study on both the nature of politics and on the future of warfare). Instead we  get some really cute young boys and girls and some really disgusting deaths  and maimings and some (it must be admitted) spiffy special effects of space  armadas and alien insects.<br />The plot of this film makes just about no  sense. Character motivations are trivial and dull.<br />Worst of all: there  are no starship troops in powererd armor! Why didn't they call this film  &quot;Starship Lookers (get eaten by bugs)&quot;?<br />The director (Verhoven)  hasn't had a good idea in 10 years. Why Hollywood film companies still let  him spend millions of dollars to produce junk like this, well, that's  Hollywood for you.
B000002UCQ|5.0|George's classic 1970 album All Things Must Pass is almost up there with his Beatles work. It's a fabulous album with beautiful songwriting, wonderful instrumentation and deep emotion. Say what you will about My  Sweet Lord, it's one of my favorite songs on the album. George's guitar  playing is fantastic throughout, be it acoustic strumming, electric riffs  or bluesy slide guitar. Any Beatles or rock and roll fan should own this  amazing album. <br />And Capitol should remaster and re-release it like they  did with Lennon's Imagine album. All Things Must Pass needs it worse than  Imagine did. The sound quality is rather murky and weak at times, but  acceptable. This year is the 30th anniversary of All Things Must Pass, so  hopefully we'll see a brand new remastered CD.
B00000JCB2|5.0|WOW! what a great cd! I loved it, The lyrics to the songs were great! Iam now playin the electric guitar because of them. The beats were amazing! everything on the cd was amazing! I fell in love with this band the day I  heard them! It's one of those cds where you like every song on the whole  album and don't skip any songs.
B000002BDB|5.0|A great collection.  Miles Ahead, Porgy and Bess and Sketches of Spain are three of Miles' greatest works, meaning three of the greatest jazz albums, and Porgy and Bess may be the finest recording of that music ever.<br />The  collaboration with Gil Evans was an odd one if you consider the two  personalities, but a wonderful one musically.  Both were always curious and  restless about what could be done, and Evans created this beautiful sound  [heavily indebted to Stravinsky] as a bed for Miles' lyricism.<br />What the  set collections is every bit of recording behind the original albums; not  just alternate takes but false starts.  It's interesting to hear how these  extras show that the ensemble flaws in Porgy and Bess are probably  attributable to Evans conducting.  There are plenty of other curiousities,  especially the 'Quiet Nights' session, which, although Miles vehemently  objected to its release, is not a bad record, just not up to the previous  standards.  Another thoughtful bit is the bit of empty space that can be  programmed in to break up the constant flow of one tune to the next on  Miles Ahead.<br />I think the previous reviewers complaints about the transfer  are unfounded.  I've gone through the original vinyl, the first CD reissues  and now this set, and while this set is superior to the first CDs, it is  also no inferior to the vinyl.  The CD sound is brighter and more  transparent, and while the bass has less presence than on the LPs, it also  has a clearer tone and timbre, where it is often just a thud.  It's a  matter of taste, and this set is the sweetest of all.
0385484518|5.0|This book is extremely good, as it not only is well written but makes you think.  It also ranks as one of the best books I have read this year.
6305537798|5.0|This movie is a fun and entertaining movie for teens and pre-teens.  Its funny lines and great cast make for an all around terrific movie.   It will have you reciting the lines long after you see the movie.  The soundtrack  is wonderful as well!
0767817443|1.0|An overgrown gecko runs through the glass &amp; steel canyons of New York with the U.S. military &amp; cast of goofs in pursuit. The first 5 minutes including the opening credits deserve my one star rating. This movie is  just a bad mix of Jurrassic Park, Aliens, I'm Singing In The Rain and  whatever else could be ripped off. The U.S. military whose weapons can  knock out a jet fighter travelling at mach 2, can't hit this giant sized  clunker standing still. As far as Godzilla, where are the glowing dorsal  fins, the radioactive fire breath? See the first Godzilla movie (1954) with  the late Raymond Burr and you'll see a great movie (O.K. rubber monster  suits aside) about a mankind coming to grips with an ancient terror who is  impervious to modern weapons. This new Godzilla held so much promise and  delivered nothing but a joke a minute..and bad jokes at that.
0395645662|5.0|This was the best book i have ever read!   If you dont like to read then just try to read this book and you will love to read forever!  Though there is one really really disturbing part it is an all around awesome book!   more detail on things could be added but its fine the way it is~!~!~!~!~
B000003H2W|4.0|This was the first My Dying Bride album I ever bought, and I have mixed feelings about it. The music seems really good, but I can't get past the vocals. For me, clean vocals have to be very good in order for a metal band  to pull it off (like Opeth), and I found the vocals on this release very  difficult to listen to. It's not just that the singing is different. It's  bad. My biggest complaint it that there is way too much reaching (working  your way up to a note instead of being there right away). The moaning and  groaning may accent the music for some people, but for me it just made it  more difficult to enjoy. I was a little more impressed by the bonus track  at the end, and a couple of the live songs, so I will most likely backtrack  on my quest for enjoyable music. I'm guessing it's really just personal  preference on this one, though. I think Turn Loose the Swans is more of a  transitional album, as it is a little more complex and has a mix of vocal  styles. I would recommend that if you're not sure what you're going to  like.
B000005J08|4.0|While I like to avoid pigeon-holing, Trash jazz is a great way to describe this group.  Picture the musicianship of a jazz group with the ethos of short, sharp and loud punk bands.  When they cover a broad mix of styles,  they are, voila, Naked City!  A wild, cool fun record, with just a touch of  self-conscious hipness to take away that last star.  For their masterpiece,  check out 'Gand Guignol.'
0425170349|5.0|This lengthy action-packed novel by Tom Clancy is a must have in everyone's library. Greatly detailed, with many great characters, and with many little sub-plots that all come together at the end to form the main  plot, this book will have the reader into the book constantly. If you need  a great book with a little bit of everything-espionage, sniping, terrorism,  and plain good guy versus bad guy, than this book shall not disappoint.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Dark as hell and trueley spellbounding peace of cinema,this film captovates it's whatcher's to the very end. Icubod Crain is played very well by Depp playing a detective way over his head in unnormal goings on in  the small town he visits. Christina Ricci is also grate as Depp's' love  intrest. But the person who realy steels the screen is the headless  hourseman played by a truley ugly looking Christopher Walken whith a hair  cut strait from hell itself. All suporting cast are grate and the costumes  and sets are out of this world,this is truley one of Burtons best to date.  Can't wait to get the DVD and see whats next from Tim.
6305066345|4.0|This is a terrific movie, despite the fact that Spike Lee lost his way in the meandering plot; the ending doesn't make much sense.  And of course, there's a bit of misogny in the portrayal of women.  However, Ray Allen is  wonderful as Jesus Shuttlesworth and Rick Fox is a tasty treat.  I would  love to see him in other movies.  <br />Denzel Washington is a REVELATION.  Of  course I've admired his work for years because he's so handsome.  But I  haven't appreciated his acting ability (aside from his performance in  Glory) in quite some time.  This performance is nuanced and subtle and  complex and brilliant.  He's humble and arrogant, noble and low-life, all  in one character. It reminds me of his role in Mississippi Masala.  <br />If  you love NBA basketball, this a great movie to watch.
038533348X|5.0|Either this guy is an immaculate genius, or he labours his prose to the bone; it is so ridiculously simple to read, but what a read! You're easily halfway through before the realisation seeps in that this is a HELL of a  ride you're going on, you have no clue what'll happen next, but look back  and all you see is perfect necessity. You're in a maelstrom of whirling  bits of dazzling colour, apparently unrelated, and before your very eyes  they start to fit together in ways unimaginable and faster than you can  grasp. The beauty and the terror just keep building up until your eyes  start to tear with the unbearableness of it all.  God, how it all fits  together!  The laughter strangled in my throat again and again because it  was beyond funny. You can't even call it tragic any more. There are no  words in the English language with enough of their original intensity left  to describe what Vonnegut achieves with this book, at least for me.  He  does it perfectly, inimitably.  Your vision is stretched so severely, your  heart so laden with emotions with no name, you find yourself mute. Which is  frustrating, because the first thing you want to do is evangelise about  your newfound belief in humanity and great things like that, to deaf people  eagerly armed with sharp, sharp pins.
044100590X|5.0|This is my all time favorite book, it is just wonderful, imaginative, and adventurous. I totally got into this book with it's: Wonderful characters, plot, villians, THE FREMEN! It is just wonderful, I reccomend this to  everyone! There has been a movie, but I believe the movie, for lack of a  better word, SUCKED! I don't believe this book can be brought faithfully to  the screen, because of it's intense thoughts and backgrounds of the  characters that can not be done effectively in films. It will probably  remain my all time favorite book, also I will read it many, many times  more...IT'S THAT GOOD!
1559211407|5.0|84 Charing Cross Road is a small book of correspondence between Helene Hanff, the author and Frank Doel, a London book seller.  These letters chronicle their lives over a twenty year period from 1949 to 1969.  Though  never meeting, they share a very special friendship, almost a chaste love  affair, that extends to his co-workers and family.  This is a charming and  delightful book about two people you come to care for through their letters  and wish you knew in person.  A must for your home library.  A book you'll  read over and over again and share with friends.
6304773382|4.0|Tank Girl is a wonderful role model for young girls.  Hopefully people will take her fashion hints. This movie is good, but it doesn't make you want to write a book or anything.  So just see it so you can call yourself  a movie buff.
B000002J1L|5.0|&quot;Nursery Cryme&quot; is the first Genesis album with Phil Collins on drums and Steve Hackett on guitar.  The addition of these two, more accomplished musicians allowed the band to take the next step forward from  the excellent, albeit admittedly unpolished &quot;Trespass&quot;.   &quot;Nursary Cryme&quot; is an album which shows Genesis approaching their  creative peak, having finally put together the winning pieces of a great  prog-rock band.  <br />The album starts off with the ten minute masterpiece,  &quot;The Musical Box&quot;, a perfect example of the band's mastery of  dynamics and emotion evident in their early albums.  The song begins with a  light vocal/12-string arrangement, eventually building to its aggresive,  conclusion.<br />Perhaps the best song on the album is &quot;The Return of the  Giant Hogweed&quot;, which is surprisingly heavy for a genesis song, and  portrays the same kind of intensity that, among Genesis songs, is rivalled  only by &quot;The Knife&quot;.  From the menacing, arpeggiated guitars that  start out the song, to the thundering drums and electric guitar at the end,  &quot;Hogweed&quot; is a perfect example of a song that does not waste any  of its eight-plus minutes.<br />Other highlights of &quot;Nursary Cryme&quot;  are the hilarious, more pop-sounding &quot;Harold the Barrel&quot;; and the  mellower epic, &quot;The Fountain of Salmacis&quot;.  Also, Phil Collins  makes his vocal debut on &quot;For Absent Friends&quot;.<br />Although the  band would go on to see infinitely greater success several years down the  road, it was, in my opinion, the earlier albums with Peter Gabriel that  deserved the most acclaim. &quot;Nursary Cryme&quot; is a great album,  which is both lyrically and musically accomplished, and it is due the  recognition which it so rightly merits.
6302799066|5.0|Hey, Slim pickens sums this movie up with the last line....<br />Peter Sellers fans must watch this movie.  His performances as three characters will absolutely have you rolling on the floor.  The man's versatility knew no bounds.  Many scenes in this movie will make you feel the apprehension,  the tension, and yes, the disgust toward a world so mad that it would  consider &quot;acceptable losses&quot; from a war begun by a madman.  Kubrick's mastery of the subject literally gets in your head, confusing and  angering you, offering laughter as the only way to release the anger he's  made you feel.  And laughter never feels so good as when it's nervous  laughter.<br />Scott Supak
0140277447|1.0|First of all, as a Japanese, I recognize the fact that there was a massacre at Nanjing in 1937. Let me say for the record that a large majority of fellow Japanese also admit to this fact. Let it also be known  that the Japanese government has admitted and apologized for the Nanjing  massacre as well as for past acts of imperial aggression. With that said,  reading Iris Chang's book was an extreme dissapointment for me. I found the  book inaccurate in many areas on the actual facts surrounding the events.  The lack of verification of her sources is unprofessional and her sweeping  generalizations on the Japanese and Japanese society is grossly inaccurate.  The book is far from a piece of scholarship and is more in line with crass  propoganda that has a lot in common with the anti-Japanese shrill which  emanates from the present day Chinese communists. My suggestion: if one  wants to read an objective as possible first hand account of the Nanjing  massacre, then try the German John Rabe's diary of the events. Rabe was  afterall a German who at least on paper were relatively friendly to the  Japanese at the time and therefore had no reason for a start to be  anti-Japanese.Chang is a good writer.Its a shame that Chang could not  control her emotions and take the time to do some objective scholarly  research.
068815333X|5.0|Dennis Lehane never disappoints and he's not starting now.  All the players are back, Patrick Kenzie, Angie Gennaro, Bubba Rogowski and they're better than ever.  The story begins with the suicide of an old Kenzie  client and takes off from there at a whirlwind pace.  The villian, a  sociopath who wages psychological warfare on his victims before he kills  them, is as scary as they come.  The writing and dialogue are gritty and  true to life and the scenes are so vivid that you'll spend this novel on  the edge of your seat.  A real page-turner, not to be missed.  Do yourself  a favor, go back and read all of Lehane's books.  You won't be  disappointed.
6304773382|4.0|Tank Girl is a wonderful role model for young girls.  Hopefully people will take her fashion hints. This movie is good, but it doesn't make you want to write a book or anything.  So just see it so you can call yourself  a movie buff.
0385493800|3.0|and I have to say I was very disappointed.  It was difficult to find an actual protagonist in the book.  It seemed to me that the book was actually about the will, instead of about a person.  A lot of time was spent on  descriptions of the surroundings, as opposed to an actual plot.  Several  chapters, in fact, were spent on describing the rainforest, which I felt  was unnecessary.  I agree with the previous reviewer in regards to the  religion that was portrayed in the book.  It seemed to be contrived; almost  as though that was what the book was supposed to be about, then later  Grisham changed his mind but retained most of the content.  It took a lot  for me to get through this book, but maybe I'm just a fan of Grisham's  movies, and not his books.
6300216268|5.0|Perfect script, Hal Ashby, romance, social commentary... what more do you need?<br />I always tell people that Harold and Maude is the reason I asked my wife to marry me.  We'd lived together for 5 years when I saw Harold and Maude again--for the first time in a while.  I'd forgotten that at the  heart of this black comedy was a love story.  This script, reportedly  written by a pool cleaner, with no formal script writing training, reaches  into your heart and drags out the realization that love is blind.  Harold,  who is obsessed with death and destruction, finds beauty in life and the  world through Maude.  She opens his eyes to the beauty of nature while  ridiculing the rules of a homocentric world.  Beauty, Harold realizes, is  not in the eyes of the beholder so much as it is in everything, no matter  how small or insignificant.  In one scene, Harold remarks that all the  flowers look the same.  &quot;But they're not,&quot; Maude urges him.  &quot;They're all different.&quot;  And therein lies the beauty of a busy  world.  Everything is beautiful, if we just take the time to look.  Hal  Ashby's genious as a director shines with this quirky script that wastes  not a line while taking on huge social and political concepts with the  playfullness of 80 year old Maude who teaches 20 something Harold how to be  a kid again.  My advice?  Watch it, then live it!<br />Scott Supak
B000007T1M|5.0|...fell in luv with System of a Down first time i heard them...<br />fast-paced, loud, hard just begins to describe SOAD.  the vocals are damn unique in the way the pitch changes suddenly as does the tempo and  melody in a lot of the songs.  this album is totally worth getting, it is  probably one of my top ten favorites.  unlike most cd's, SOAD has few weak  points in the whole record.  complete unique and nothing else like it.   more than worth the money...
6305807086|5.0|This is a great movie.  If you like complex, convoluted plots with great actors, then this is for you.  Funny and original.
0061091480|5.0|This wonderful book was recommended to me by a good friend who told me, &quot;it helped me learn how to knock my old habits.&quot; I thought it was worth a shot. I picked up a copy at the bookstore &amp; started reading...  The first thing I have to say is:  thank you Wayne Dyer!  Your Erroneous  Zones is a guide for everyone. We all have habits developed in our growth  years that are influenced by our society and parents...most of these habits  are what keep us in a detrimental &quot;comfort zone&quot; that pervents us  from embracing the true happy, loving self we really are. I have circulated  my now worn and dog-eared copy to all of my friends and family. The  wonderful life choices they are making now are thrilling to me because I  know they have used this book as a guide to teach themselves self-love  &amp; self-worth. So have I. Thanks again Wayne!
6305603847|5.0|Call it a psycho drama or a rock opera, this reach into the dementia of a young man raised in post W.W.II England is a classic no matter how you categorize it.  Rarely has a movie succeeded in reaching so far inside the psychology of its main character while simultaneously taking on heavy  philosophical, political, and sociological themes.  The lyrics of Pink  Floyd's best selling album establish a framework of a man removing himself  from society while portraying society as a thing worthy of removing one's  self from.<br />  This movie is not a collection of videos to go with the  famous album The Wall written by Roger Waters and David Gilmore.  This epic  trip grinds inside a mind going mad--is it really, or is the rest of the  world crazy, and an honest mind fries in the face of real-world insanity?  Every further step toward insanity, every new brick in the wall, happens  simultaneously with fascist acts by a world that just won a war against  fascism.  The dichotomy is unsettling to the viewer who is taken on this  journey through memories, reality, dreams, and the drug induced mixtures of  the three, into the genius of the character.<br />Oh, and talk about a great  poster!
B00000JCOV|5.0|...Slipknot's major debut is nothing short of intense.  The percussion unit of the nine-some starts the album pumping from the beginning.  Filled with energy and fast pounding drums.  Slipknot hits its climax at 'Wait and  Bleed' which is its more commerical hit.  After that the songs take a tip  in quality.  But this album is definitely a must have for hardcore fans.   Extreme power and really gets you going...
B00000K0DT|5.0|Fantastic storyline and acting with a great twist.
B00003CX5A|5.0|King Burton has done it again!  Sleepy Hollow is a tremendous eclectation of what today's special effects can accompish, and what Tim Burton's (one brick shy of a building) brain can concieve.  Together with the greatest  movie composer of all time Danny Elfman (credits include: Beetlejuice,  Edward Scissorhands, and even the Simpsons theme to name a few) they create  a haunting visual that, for a lack of a better vocab, is just creepy.  And  for the action lovers the headless horseman does not dissapoint.   Displaying magnificant stunt work from Darth Maul himself.  Yes Ricci's  character could have used some tweeking, and around the end it gets a tad  slow, but when the credits role I guarantee you will leave all that behind.   The translation from theatre might lose some egde unless your home surrond  sound system is up to code.  When you hear the clop, clop, clop of the  horseman pierce that eerie music it's nothing short of chilling.   Washington Irving himself would have been proud to see how his brainchild  has been brought up.  An excellent choice.AND THAT'S OFFICIAL...
0451525892|2.0|In recent weeks my wife in rapid succesion read this book and Pride and Prejudice and then ran out to the store on a Sunday evening to pick up Mansfield Park. What a disappointment.  I hit the wall about p. 20 and  could never find a way to get involved.  The characters were uninteresting  and the situations dull, and I had to force my way to the end.  I haven't  had this much trouble with a book in a long time.  Since this is a  minority view, I would only ask:  Is this book the best introduction to  Jane Austen?  Should I have tried anoter title -- Pride and Prejudice, say?
6301562143|5.0|Who would have thought that Michael Keaton wouldve made an excellent  Batman???(certainly not me!!), When I first heard that he was to be the  Caped Crusader, I was shocked, and disappointed, I just couldnt see him as  Bruce Wayne let alone Batman.  It was because of that prejudice that I  never bothered to watch it on the Big Screen.  (Was I stupid or  what!!!!)<br />Well now that Ive finally seen it I can happily say how wrong  my initial reaction was, (I wonder how many other movies I have missed out  on because of my misconceptions???) I now enjoy this movie for all its  worth.<br />One of the highlights has to be Jack Nicholson as the always  grining Joker (Strangely enough, I thought he was mistcast as well!! Wrong  again!!) What a guy I had never associated the joker as a cold calculating  character, with lethal overtones (Thanks to the TV series it really screwed  up all my perceptions about Batman and Co!) so I was pleasantly surprised  with Jacks performance, (Absolutely fabulous!!)<br />The (not that Goody)  Good verses (not that) Evil theme is the basis for this film, it follows  our Hero Bruce Wayne into his lonely world of Vengence and crime fighting,  it is a dark portrayal of innocence lost, a driving force powered by Bruce  Waynes tragic past.  We see the inevitable meeting between these two  characters and wait to see the sparks fly!! leading to a climactic  end!<br />If your a fan of the TV series then you will instantly see the  differences (they kinda jump out at you!!) and you may not like it, this is  a dark story of vengence NOT a campy romp of comedy!!  Watch it and find  out for yourself, Im sure you will ENJOY this little gem!!!!
0805062971|3.0|This is the first book of fiction I've read and enjoyed in months, but I do have reservations about it:  I don't think it's really much of a story when you think about it; the characters in the novel somehow seem rather  underdeveloped;I think writing out real recipes for making bombs is  probably irresponsible, though I guess any idiot can find them on the  internet; and ultimatly I find the book somehow fascist in tone...I  understand that this is a satire, but I'll bet that many of the readers of  this book don't even know what the word &quot;satire&quot; means.  That  said, FIGHT CLUB is still somehow engrossing and &quot;fun&quot; to read  and it does make one think about one's life, doesn't it?
6305531374|5.0|Yes, the grandfather of gore was laid to rest in a sequel that finally gives the villain the respect they diserve.  If your a fan of the Halloween series and have not yet purchased this DVD I humbly ask that you at least  give it a look.  The techincal attributes of the disc itself are suitable;  with great visual, and excellent audio aspects.  The bios are great but the  trivia game is a bit easy.  But after the film has ended I doubt any of  that will resurface.  The begining is typical (but good) slasher, with the  &quot;opening kill&quot; and character lead in.  The set up is beautiful  thanks in part to the magnificant work of Jamie lee curtis, revealing her  day to day struggle with her demons.  Micheal himself also recieved a bit  of a facelift for his debut.  The great thing about this picture is that it  keeps everything in the spirit of the original, with those great POV (point  of view) shots made famous by the film.  A few humorous areas also lighten  the tension. The omage to Psycho was brilliant.  Notice the wispering of  the Psycho theme in the background as Janet leigh speaks to Curtis.   Ingenious! I actually started clapping in appreciation the first time I saw  in theatres. (yes that was me).  And when Curtis's character arc comes full  circle and she becomes the persuer, even calling out Micheal himself fans  will nod in appreciation.  A must own for the horror in everyone.AND THAT'S  OFFICIAL..
B000002JNN|5.0|The Razors Edge makes the cut!  This is one of the heaviest records since &quot;Back In Black&quot;. From the pounding &quot;Thunderstruck&quot; to the anthem &quot;MONEYTALKS&quot; to the eerie &quot;Razors Edge&quot; this  CD is just tight! I would recommend this to everyone who likes music!   If  you like  this I suggest Ozzy's &quot;Diary Of A Madman&quot; and AC/DC's  &quot;74 Jailbreak&quot;. BUY IT NOW!
630575067X|5.0|I have to admit that I am a die hard Star Wars fan, I grew up with those well known phrases such as Live long and prosper! (just kidding! ) MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU!  etc, and when I heard this movie was coming out, I  was in Star Wars Nirvana!  So much anticipation and expectation, to  experience again the wonder of your first time, like being a virgin  again!  It was however not to be.  <br />I gave this movie 5 stars because of  what I had originally hoped it would be, but wasnt, I found instead an  appreciating for what it is meant to be, which is a thoroughly enjoyable  tale, a begining of the original Star Wars classic!  <br />There are instances  within the movie that people have found disappointing, certain characters  like Jar Jar binks, our young anakin (could you imagine a child less like  Darth Vada! ) and Queen Amidala, or the lack of Darth Maul scenes that had  so whetted our appetites from previews (WHY DID HE HAVE TO ..... SO  SOON! ) and I must admit I aggreed with some of it. But I have discovered  that I can enjoy this movie on a different level, and perhaps it is best  not to have such high expectations but go with the flow of the movie!<br />All  that aside, I feel that you may find in this first installment something  worthwhile. This is our view of the universe before the Empire before Darth  Vada, one whose story I will eagerly be following!  There is much to  enjoy and  to find exciting, new characters to share an incredible journey  with, I wish George Lucas the absolute best, So keep it coming Ill be  standing in a really long queue waiting to watch the next episode like  everyone else!
B00000IPAX|1.0|This CD is horrible.Please dont buy this piece of....
B000002NFM|5.0|Electronica, techno, big beat, whatever you call it - this is the album that other acts look to top when chasing down sovereignty of the dance music kingdom. And with good reason, for there is nary a bad tune on this  imposing disc.<br />You get the hits: Breathe, Firestarter (the video for  which is quite possibly the most disturbing ever made), and of course,  Smack My Bitch Up. The latter generated all sorts of controversy because of  its title and sentiment, but everybody was too busy being offended to note  the simple fact that it's a GREAT song.<br />This disc is everything a great  dance album should be, loaded with huge, thundering beats (get ready for  the noise complaints), great sampling, superb studio production, and tons  of charisma. Not hype, charisma. It requires something special to make a  real mark in the often confusing, super-categorized world of dance music.  &quot;Fat Of the Land&quot; makes such a mark, and raises the bar.
B000002LGQ|5.0|I only have read best things about this album written by critics. Music lovers may agree, but everyone listens to music in completely different ways. In my case music is pretty much always associated with images and/or  times in my life. If  you have seen 'Truth Or Dare/In Bed With Madonna' you  could relate here: Most of all I think 'Promise To Try' is the most sad and  depressing song she ever did (In the movie it's the soundtrack you hear  when Madonna goes to visit her mother's grave), I try not to listen to it  because it makes me feel down, but it's so great, and it gives me chills  right from the start.'Oh Father' is like a companion piece. This is the  second Madonna album I bought (after 'You Can Dance'-I fell in love with  'Spotlight'), when it came out in March or May 1989. I was only 11 years  old and I didn't like all of the songs (I hated 'Keep It Together'). Over  the unlimited hearings of this album I grew accustomed to all of the songs  and began to like them a lot (like all the music I buy). It's a great album  with lots of different styles and you are sure to like it if you listen  carefully. I never understood 'Act Of Contrition', but I grew to love it  (&quot;What do you mean it's not in the computer! &quot;). Other  emotional songs for me are 'Spanish Eyes'(it says like that on my  scented-sleeve tape)/&quot;Pray For Spanish Eyes&quot;. A reviewer said it  all: all you could hear when this album came out was all about the  controversial video of the title single, they didn't even care to go deeper  (and deeper)(They even did a report for the news in Switzerland and not a  word was spent on the music!)
B000002V1D|4.0|I honestly wasn't sure where the band was taking this album.  I think they were getting lost in the future of &quot;Medazzaland&quot; and the past of &quot;Liberty&quot; or &quot;Big Thing&quot;.  There are some very good  tracks on this one but it took me a while to really get into them.   Although the album [apparently] was not a commercial success, popular songs  like Ordinary World and Come Undone helped to keep fans interested during  their musical transition.
B000002GYI|5.0|the first time I remember hearing this album, I was floored with the simple but powerful grooves and beats. This album is more dance oriented than Trans Europe Express (I defy anyone from getting up and moving to  &quot;Numbers&quot;), and it is amazing to discover the beats appearing on  samples of hip hop artists like Afrika Bambaataa and Whodini. Although many  feel they &quot;revolutionized&quot; rap music (try James Brown as rap's  greatest influence), they had a more profound effect on Brit synth artists  like Thomas Dolby, Depeche Mode, and the Human League and more recent acts  like the Chemical Brothers. If your looking for the perfect beat, give this  album a listen.
0783242808|5.0|This movie is right on target!  <br />It's hilarious- belly laughs from start to finish- but it's also got a pretty old fashioned story to go along with it- and that surprised me!<br />It's not as raunchy as you might think.  But  don't worry- it's raunchy enough.<br />The laughs are true and character  driven- not just raunchiness for the sake of being sleazy.<br />As a mater of  fact, I'll leave it right there- this movie is raunchy fun, but it's NEVER  sleazy- and in spite of all the raunch, it doesn't leave a bad taste in  your mouth.<br />No, you actually leave this movie feeling pretty good and  guiltless- which is more than I can say for the two movie's this one is  most compared to- &quot;Animal House&quot; and &quot;Porky's&quot;.<br />Sorry  to dissapoint, but in spite of all the belly laughs and gross-out scenes,  when all is said and done this movie actually leaves you with a pretty  decent MORAL message.<br />I loved it.
B000002LCD|4.0|Even though i bought the album in 1989 I'm sure I never fully listened to the non-Madonna songs. Lately I did, and beside rediscovering the fabuluos Madonna songs I listened to the other tracks and they're not bad at all. If  you love the movie you will sure like the soundtrack. 'Who's That Girl' is  one of the most famous Madonnas, &quot;Causing a Commotion&quot; is really  non-stop dance and it's great. What about the ballad &quot;The Look of  Love&quot;?. Despite being released like a regular single in Europe  (7&quot;, 12&quot;, Picture Disc), it's indeed a great great song (sends  chills all over my body). It's a shame it wasn't included in  &quot;Something to Remember&quot; or made popular, but I'm more happy like  this, so it will be more personal to me. Virtually unknown to non-owner of  this album is the fourth track, as it was never released as a single or a  B-Side, but it's not bad. Personally I absulutely adore Michael Davidson's  'Turn It Up', and anyone who loves 80s plastic pop in the style of the PWL  Label (like Kylie Minogue)will too. The rest are nice album fillers if you  give them a chance. In my opinion, unknown songs tend to be binned because  they don't live up to the expectations, and since you have no idea of what  you're gonna get, it's even harder. But if you listen to them a couple of  times you won't be annoied by them.
630018403X|5.0|I'm totally in love with this movie, especially with Judd Nelson, and his character John Bender... The film is set with the five teenagers, each from a different social circle (this bit is a bit unrealistic; the chances of  getting the prom queen, star athlete, school geek, the basket case and the  rebel all in at one time?) The film is funny, heart warming, and in the  scene about their homelifes, very realistic. This movie is an all time  classic, and shouldn't be missed by anyone!
B000002E5J|5.0|Shakira eres el ejemplo de mujer que todas qusieramos ser... talentosa, bella, amante de su pais y muchas cualidades mas que serian imposibles de escribir... gracias por dejar en alto el nombre de mi pais... te admiro y  te respeto... Eres para mi la mejor artista del mundo.
0613163931|5.0|This book is gorgeous. I read it, and I had problems with my comprehension of reality for weeks. Not that it's a bad thing, just the fact that maybe there is a whole other world right in front of your face.... But you can't  see it because your mind's grip on &quot;reality&quot; won't let you...   Kind of interesting...
B000002LGQ|5.0|So much complaining about this album can be found on this page: hey if you don't like Madonna why did you buy it in the first place?  Ok so many songs are presented in new remixes that are very similar to the original or  are edits ( I admit that's a shame they were cut down, but some are very  different and that's welcome). So what? Did you really expect Madonna to  put together a 'Greatest Hits' album just like everyone else? (Do you even  know who this lady is?) (Plus: this is not an 'Anthology' or 'Singles  Collection', and for 1991 17 songs on an album were quite unusual (Standard  albums ran 40-45 minutes; and it IS a double album). Personally I couldn't  have been happier (when it came out in 1991 and I bought right away, of  course) to find new versions of my favorite singer's songs. You can find  (for the first time I think) an edit of the ever 6:08 minute-long  'Holiday'(for a collector like myself everything is very welcome), 'Crazy  For You' (which was only available on the Soundtrack album, and since many  are concerned with spending money over something you don't like you should  be happy (I was) that it was finally included in a Madonna release), great  and don't-tell-me-'not-interesting' version of 'Like A Prayer'. 'Justify My  Love' I can admit may not appeal to the 1980s-Madonna fans but it's  nevertheless a great song (and a No.1 hit too). Of course you have to  wonder how could some milestones in her career have been omitted: I could  just maybe understand 'Who's That Girl', but 'True Blue'!    Lots of  people complain that Madonna can't sing: a) Madonna herself never  proclaimed herself as a great singer, b) How many singers today can really  sing!  Think about that and stop harassing her! c) Did you miss the  'Evita&quot; soundtrack or do you just live in a cave? d) Madonna is not a  singer: she is a performance artist like no-one else E-V-E-R. She can sing,  dance (act) and (not just because of her long-&amp;-worked-hard-for power)  she is oneof the most famous, creative, intelligent and smart (have you  ever read any of her latest interviews?) people in the world, e) to make a  song you need a singer, a writer and a producer. Madonna puts lots of  herself into all categories (who does that? Does Mariah Carey, Cher, Celine  Dion and everyone else? No, they just sing (with exceptions), so don't come  telling me she managed to put together enough talented individuals to  promote herself. This album confirms it (she co-wrote most of her songs in  her long career). Every artist needs them , they can't all be Tori Amos.  Madonna imposed herself and her views like no-one else did and she's  different from everybody else; instead of letting the media use/abuse her  she uses them GO GIRL!: she's unique. I can't understand why everyone  compares her to other singers; and the things they write ( Madonna a new  wave/punk singer? ), I mean if you don't know much about the music world  just don't write in BS. Thank you for buying.
B000006I14|5.0|What can I say other than this is the best vampire movie to have ever been made. I have seen many, many movies, but this is the best. I have seen all of the remakes off this German classic. None of them, I repeate, NONE OF  THEM, are as good as the orginal.
0385484518|4.0|Tuesday's with Morrie is a good book. It is about a college boy who becomes friend with one of his professeurs.  At graduation the professor tells him to keep in touch, but over the years the boy finds new interest  and does not have time for his old professor.  Sixteen years later Morrie,  the professor finds out that he ALS, a type of diesease where you lose  muscle control and parts of your body become numb. One day a news reporter  comes to Morrie and asks if he can interview his because Morrie has a great  outlook on life and about dying. Morrie agrees to this interview and a  couple of days later it is shown on television.   Mitch, Morries previous  college student, is now living about 500 miles away and is a sports writer  who is busy all the time and making a lot of money.  One night he is  flipping through the television channels to see his old professor on the  television.  By watching the program he finds out that Morrie has come down  with a disease that has no cure and he doesn't have much longer to live.   He then calls his teacher and goes to his home to see him.  While he is  there his teacher asks how he has been and Mitch tells him that he is doing  pretty good, but he is not completly happy.  Morrie explains that happiness  doesn't come by making the most money.  It comes from being happy in your  family.  Mitch then realizes that he has neglected his wife for his job.   Mitch asks if he can come back and see Morrie and they decide that every  tuesday they will meet with each other because they are &quot;tuesday  people&quot;.  As time passes Morrie gets less and less independent. He has  to have nurses stay with him all the time and losses all felling in his  feet.  They continue to have &quot;class&quot; in Morries study and Morrie  teaches him what should be most important in life.  Morrie finds out that  Mitch has a brother that has come down with cancer and has moved out of the  country so that his family doesn't have to see him get sick.  Morrie talks  to Mitch about this but Mitch says there is nothing he can do his brother  want talk with him.  As weeks go by Morrie get worse and worse.  One day  Morrie's wife calls Mitch and tells him that Morrie isn't doing so well.   Mitch goes to see Morrie and becomes upset that his teacher is about to  die.  A couple days later Morrie goes into a comma and never wakes up.   They bury Morrie ashes on a Tuesday morning in a peaceful field where he  wanted to be placed.  At the end of the book Morrie gets in touch with his  brother and they start talking again.
B000003TAW|5.0|Why are you reading reviews on Weezer's debut self-titled album, lovingly known as the &quot;blue&quot; album? You mean you don't have this CD already? Shame. For this is truly a must for anyone who lived in the 90's -  a pop gem that has not gotten old in almost 7 years of frequent listening.  Rivers Cuomo (lead singer, songwriter) has the amazing ability to spill his  heart out in every song, and miraculously wrapping it all up in catchy pop  tunes topped with searing 70's rock riffs. A truly great album, and one  that will not disappoint. It really gets better each time you hear it as  you slowly unravel the layers of pop and get to the heavy, dark undertones  that the lyrics are talking about. Priceless.
B00000IP3S|4.0|Blind Guardian has just recently been brought to my attention and they are already one of my favorite bands!  It's hard to describe Blind Guardian, let alone write a review for one of their albums! They are fast paced,  melodic, harmonious, and catchy; all traits required to be a successful  thrash/fantasy/progressive metal band. From the moment you hear the first  chorus on Imaginations From The Other Side, your hooked! Track 1 is  excellent, but track 2 is not so good, but track 3 is well worth sitting  through track 2.  Track 4 is kind of bad too, but track 5 makes up for it.  Track 6 is pretty bad, but track 7 is the highlight of the album and  therefore makes up for track 6 as well as track 8, which is also pretty  bad.  Track 9 is a good end to the album and is ironically titled, 'and the  story ends'. Overall, this album is good, but I don't like the jumps from  good songs to bad ones, which is why I do a lot of skipping when I listen  to this one! If you're a fan and haven't heard this one, it's well worth  the purchase.  The good songs are amazing and the bad ones are tolerable.
0812550706|5.0|This is one of the best science-fiction novels available.  All throughout, it is beautiful, interesting, stirring, and thought-provoking.<br />This edition opens with a new authors' introduction which is nearly as readable  as the novel itself (though not as much fun).  After this important but  non-essential preface, we are launched into Ender's story.  As the author  explains in the opening, this book is very straightforward; there aren't  any huge plot twists or hidden themes, and therein lies it's genius and  beauty.  Although most of us can't really be compared to Ender, most anyone  can probably relate to him, to his problems.  This is one of those classic  Bug-War novels, but this one isn't about the war, it's about the  boy.<br />This is one of those books that I was able to read twice within a  couple of months.  Orson Scott Card is such a compellingly gifted writer  that it is near impossible to put this book down.  This is one of those  essential, must-read books.  Buy it.
0385484518|4.0|Tuesday's with Morrie is a good book. It is about a college boy who becomes friend with one of his professeurs.  At graduation the professor tells him to keep in touch, but over the years the boy finds new interest  and does not have time for his old professor.  Sixteen years later Morrie,  the professor finds out that he ALS, a type of diesease where you lose  muscle control and parts of your body become numb. One day a news reporter  comes to Morrie and asks if he can interview his because Morrie has a great  outlook on life and about dying. Morrie agrees to this interview and a  couple of days later it is shown on television.   Mitch, Morries previous  college student, is now living about 500 miles away and is a sports writer  who is busy all the time and making a lot of money.  One night he is  flipping through the television channels to see his old professor on the  television.  By watching the program he finds out that Morrie has come down  with a disease that has no cure and he doesn't have much longer to live.   He then calls his teacher and goes to his home to see him.  While he is  there his teacher asks how he has been and Mitch tells him that he is doing  pretty good, but he is not completly happy.  Morrie explains that happiness  doesn't come by making the most money.  It comes from being happy in your  family.  Mitch then realizes that he has neglected his wife for his job.   Mitch asks if he can come back and see Morrie and they decide that every  tuesday they will meet with each other because they are &quot;tuesday  people&quot;.  As time passes Morrie gets less and less independent. He has  to have nurses stay with him all the time and losses all felling in his  feet.  They continue to have &quot;class&quot; in Morries study and Morrie  teaches him what should be most important in life.  Morrie finds out that  Mitch has a brother that has come down with cancer and has moved out of the  country so that his family doesn't have to see him get sick.  Morrie talks  to Mitch about this but Mitch says there is nothing he can do his brother  want talk with him.  As weeks go by Morrie get worse and worse.  One day  Morrie's wife calls Mitch and tells him that Morrie isn't doing so well.   Mitch goes to see Morrie and becomes upset that his teacher is about to  die.  A couple days later Morrie goes into a comma and never wakes up.   They bury Morrie ashes on a Tuesday morning in a peaceful field where he  wanted to be placed.  At the end of the book Morrie gets in touch with his  brother and they start talking again.
B000001EC1|4.0|Great music to sing along, get drunk, put in your car stereo while trying to get the first tongue-kiss of the evening. Not every Song is really good, but there are more good Songs on it like on any other Bon-Jovi record. Buy  it!
B000002KAT|5.0|Anyone interested in reading about this masterpiece would do well to consult the late, great Lester Bangs's brilliant account. His review is almost as inspiring as the album itself. Almost.
B000002NJS|4.0|I love Madonna..let me start with that.Ray of Light however is not her best effort.I love that on every album she tries something new, but here she has missed the boat.Mer Girl is dreary, Little Star is sweet, but  cloying.The title track is fun and a great dance tune,but sounds like she  is trying a little too hard to catch the techno train.The album is a must  for Madonna fans as it shows yet another facet of her talent,but be  prepared to hit the next track button a few times throughout.
0451191153|5.0|This book is gold, man, absolutely, 100% pure gold. Ayn Rand called the book's main character, Howard Roark, &quot;man as he *should* be&quot;. I wish we all could be like Roark. I try my best, myself.<br />I could totally  relate to his feelings about life, people and the world in general. Seems  that all people care about is pleasing those around them, not for the  purpose of making the world a better place, but rather to adapt themselves  to the collective of the misleaded and exploitive society (speaking of  which, read &quot;Anthem&quot; and see what the consenquences may  be).<br />Read the first chapter of this book and you won't be able to put it  down. The you will read about Roark's conversation with the Dean of his  university. To my complete surprise, I found it to be a complete replica of  my own with the Army Drafting Officer in my first army draft. I will find  out soon if my efforts to appear as psychotic as can be paid off. I, like  Roark, refuse to be exploited by the [Israeli Militaristic] Collective.  <br />Folks, follow Roark's advice, heed his words and be whatever you want to  be. You too, can be a Fountainhead of original thoughts and ideas.
B00000BKDS|5.0|This album would be one of those I would take with me on a lonley desert Island! It was the second CD I bought ( the first was Fear of the Dark ) and it stayed on of my favorites even now, nearly 10 years Later. I don't  think you can compare this Album with any others of Maiden ( exept for  Killers) because it's Style is so very different from the Music People  associate with Maiden normaly. Paul Di Anno wasn't as perfect in yelling ,  singing and screaming with is Voice as Bruce Dickinson is, and this is what  makes this Album so incredible good. Just listen to Songs like  &quot;Remember Tommorow&quot;, &quot;Charlot the Harlot&quot; or  &quot;Strange World&quot;. I don't think they were as emotional and  touching if Bruce would have been signing them. There are also a lot of  harder and complex tunes on this Album ( Phatom of the Opera, Transylvania)  that demostrate for what Maiden would be known for later. It's useless to  descripe music, just check it out!
6303149200|5.0|Wicker Man is fantastic, if you get the 101 minute version.  The more-recently released 84 minute version is a pale version of the original. I don't know why they issued this one.  They kept the sex and violence, and  eliminated the ambience which made the movie something special.
B000002BBY|5.0|This album rocks in all the right ways.It is a mixture of sing-a-long tunes,stadium made crowd pleasers and in your face rock.I may not like the brothers personally, but their music is made by genius.This album grabs you  and shakes you and makes you say &quot;hey, this is fun&quot;.Music should  make you feel something, and this album lives up to that.An enjoyable  listen and a well sequenced production.This album is smooth in all the  right places.SO get out there..buy the album..put it in..crank it  up...enjoy...serves 1 to however many fit in your house.
B00004STPT|5.0|Very inspiring, spiritual, moving.  Where has Lisa Gerrard been hiding?  She has the ability to evoke raw spiritual emotion from deep within, as in track #17 - Now we are free.
B000002MP2|5.0|A lot of folks would say this is Green Day's best album, and I would agree with them.  Even though it went so very mainstream, the music is still good.  There's a hidden track on this album, which is cool.  The song's not  very good, but hidden tracks are cool things, so I thought I might put  something in about it.  That's about it.   I'm sure if you're reading this,  you already have the album, so I don't have to tell you to buy it.
6303109950|5.0|&quot;Tombstone&quot; is a wild ride through the violent western frontier.  Of course, the Wyatt Earp legend has been embellished somewhat by Hollywood.  Regardless, &quot;Tombstone&quot; is non-stop action with bad  guys you love to hate and heroes you can't wait to see take them down.  And  what an all-star cast it has!<br />Val Kilmer, who is an underrated actor,  steals the show with his excellent portrayal of the TB- ridden Doc  Hoilliday.  Kurt Russell as Wyatt Earp and western film veteran Sam Elliot  as his brother Virgil Earp also give great acting performances, though it  is hard to look past Kurt Russell's handlebar mustache. It also stars Bill  Paxton, Michael Biehn and a brief role from Charlton Heston.<br />Though  containing profanity and violence,  I've seen harsher 14A movies that  deserve more of an R rating compared to &quot;Tombstone&quot;.  If  &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; with Kevin Costner had the action and pizzazz of  &quot;Tombstone&quot;, what a great movie it could have been!   &quot;Tombstone&quot; is a must see!
B000002LGQ|5.0|This album was one of our first looks into Madonna's soul.With the whymsical Dear Jessie that merges with Oh Father we see a softer side of Madonna.Express Yourself shows us the strong, yet very feminine side.The  entire album practically shouts at the world that we will never be able to  classify Madonna.She will always keep us guessing and always bring  something new to the table with each new album.Like a Prayer is a very  diverse album that clearly shows Madonna is maturing as a singer and as a  cultural icon.You go girl!
0440219078|5.0|Before reading the Giver I had never read a book over 100 pages, after, I read one a week! It was a real page-turner. My teacher assigned it to me to read before the end of the semester (4 weeks) and I finished it that night. I recommend it to anyone who has not yet found the &quot;fun&quot; in  reading. This book changed my life, now I enjoy reading rather then  thinking of it as a chore. A must for anyone who likes a story that makes  you think.
B000002N3J|5.0|This album is a great reminder that Madonna is a talented performer with a wide range of styles.Here we see the softer side of Madonna.This collection of mostly ballads plays up the fragility of her voice(in older songs) and  her growing vocal range.Always good at singing about hurt, she makes an art  of it here and makes it into something beautiful.A must have in my book.
6300183483|5.0|This is my favorite movie!  I saw it in the theaters first, when I was about 10 years old.  I must agree with the two reviewers who said 1) that this was a good kids' movie, and 2) that it has a feel-good plot.  I can  vouch for the truth of both these statements; as a matter of fact, I was  practically bouncing off the walls with euphoria after I first saw this  thing!  Definitely a must-see for people who love to see the good guys win  out!  Kudos, Nick Castle!
B000002UZ4|5.0|this is the Boys at their best..hence a greatest hits collection.The tracks flow smoothly into one another, but never become monotonous.Smart lyrics and peppy dance tracks are as always the high points of PSB,and here  you have the cream of their crop.This CD is on perpetual repeat in my car  CD player.
0679777547|4.0|Like The Flanders Panel, this falls into the category of &quot;literary mystery,&quot; although it'll most likely show up on the fiction shelves in stores and libraries. The hero is Corso, a loner mercenary who makes his  living hunting down rare books for dealers and collectors. Corso has little  else going on in his life (he lives in some torment, having been left by a  true love years ago) and ready crisscrosses Europe searching out duty old  tomes for a 30% comission. The plot weaves together his attempt to  authenticate a handwritten chapter of a Dumas (French author best known for  &quot;The Three Muskateers&quot;) manuscript for a friend, and his  comission by a wealthy collector to investigate a book of witchcraft called  De Umbrarum Regni Novem Portis (The Book of the Nine Doors to the Kingdom  of Darkness). The tone is dark all the way through, as Corso is shadowed,  attacked and evenutally confronts his foes. It's a page-turner, but suffers  from a trick ending that wouldn't be as irksome if it weren't a touch too  ambiguous.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is a film that will make you think about this all-american family. It contains love, lust, anger, craziness, murder, and mayhem all in one entire package.  Kevin Spacey is brilliant in a role that was made for  his talent.  Annette Benning is just as good as a crazy housewife.   American Beauty is one of those films that will be remembered because of  it's content, and in my opinion should be rated as one of the 100 best  films of all time!  Director Sam Mendes takes you into the world of this  crazy family, and slowly after every scene has been shot, you see this  family gradually begin to change, and at the end you end up wondering why  did this happen?  This film will be a true motion picture treasure.
078324228X|5.0|A brilliant, unforgettable, gripping account of boxer Rubin Carter's innocent inprisonment in the 1960s. I saw this movie in January, and since then I've seen it four extra times. Washington, my favorite actor of all  time, delivers a performance so remarkably touching and effective, I cannot  believe he lost the Oscar. This man's performance grabbed every emotion  I've had. It made me bawl my eyes out but feel hopeful. I can say, without  effort, this was the best performance I have ever seen in my life. And  Viscellous Reon Shannon, playing Lesra, the young man who is inspired by  Mr. Carter's book, &quot;The Sixteenth Round&quot;, and fights his way to  get him out of prison. Rubin Carter, as you probably know, was jailed with  Mr. John Artis in the sixties, after being wrongfully convicted of murder.  Twenty agonizing years later, Rubin Carter was freed from a New Jersey  prison. This movie is inspiring and splendidly written. Norman Jewison  created, along with an outstanding cast, what I would call the best movie I  have seen in about 2 years. While not every fact was exact, I would go with  the argument, &quot;if you want to see the full story, read the book&quot;.  This was a movie, therefore, not every fact could be portrayed. I still  loved it, and I cant wait till it comes out on video.  Bob Dylan's  beautiful song &quot;The Hurricane&quot; was made in a fight for Rubin  Carter's freedom in 1973. I hope you love this movie as much as I did. I  will always remember it.
B0000019HU|5.0|Slint cut a grand total of two albums in their brief career. &quot;Spiderland&quot; the second of those albums shows that they were one of the most unique and skillful rock quartets ever to contribute to the  indie movement. The six tracks on &quot;Spiderland&quot; are not so much  songs as pieces of rock music. The vocals are the most dispensable part of  the musical equation and are fittingly delivered in a spoken-word style,  telling stories which really don't make much sense. Incidentally the first  track on the album, &quot;Breadcrumb Trail&quot;, features the most  prominant vocals and is the weakest point of the album.  &quot;Spiderland&quot; is the rare album that gets better and better as it  goes on.<br />Whenever I hear this album I imagine how the band came up with  the material for it. The image that always comes to is of them in the  studio listening over and over to every track, tweaking note here and note  there, laboring until everything was perfectly composed. That is how  impeccable this album is in a musical sense. Of course there are plenty of  mainstream bands out there making music that is almost perfect in a  technical sense but has no substance behind it and, as a result, provokes  no reaction. On &quot;Spiderland&quot; Slint wrote music specifically  designed to coax you into a sonic web and then explode like a spider  pouncing on its prey. The two best tracks on the album, &quot;Washer&quot;  and &quot;Good Morning, Captain&quot;, illustrate the method perfectly. The  former is the fourth and longest track, almost nine minutes long. It builds  using two equally entrancing guitar rhythms and climaxes with an explosion  so intense and shrill that if it were any longer you might not be able to  stand it. &quot;Good Morning, Captain&quot; features the most effective  vocal performance ont he album telling a story of pain and abandonment, and  the music is sinister from the start. The very first time I listened to the  song I knew what was coming but Slint's music is remarkably discliplined  and they manage to delay the musical payoff until the perfect moment, the  moment when the tension becomes so great that song can only explode.  &quot;I MISS YOU! &quot; is the scream that closes the album against one  last clash of furious instrumentation.<br />&quot;Spiderland&quot; is the rare  album that gets better with each successive listening. Every time I listen  to it I discover a new angle, a new idiosyncracy that delights me and makes  me want to listen to it more. &quot;Spiderland&quot; is timeless.
B00000064G|5.0|This is the music of a man on the brink of madness... it is said that when Nick Drake recorded this album, he could barely speak to anyone and wandered aimlessly...<br />It's amazing... I love it. It's so sad that he  wasn't appreciated when he was alive... I only just heard of him this  week.<br />I am so glad that Entertainment Weekly did an article on him...  it's articles like that that remind me why I subscribe to that magazine.
B00003CWTI|5.0|It seems that the reviews for this film run like it's length so I will try to be short. This is a film that examines the tragedy of neglect from every angle. Neglected children, lovers, parents and friends. The power of this  film is however the brilliant directors ability to blend these stories into  a tale of the bizzare and the unusual through one day in the San Fernando  Valley. Admittedly this film isn't for everyone but for anyone who enjoys a  taste of the bizzare or can enjoy unique filmmaking for it's originality  this film is for you. The mix of characters are moving and the stories can  make you think and make you cry. Next to American Beauty this is my  favorite film of 1999.
B000002NJS|5.0|The mature side of Madonna finally shows through in Ray of Light. It is her best work of the nineties with some of the best songs. Ray of Light(the title track) is a great song to turn up and really enjoy. The Power of  Goodbye and Frozen are also fantastic. If you want to see the grownup  Madonna,this CD is the ticket.
B0000399WI|5.0|If you have not seen this movie don't even read this review. Go rent it immediately! This is an incredible film with a moving story and real, powerful characters. I am a big fan of Morgan Freeman and this is his best  performance. And when you are discussing Morgan Freeman that says a lot.  Also Tim Robbins is fantastic. His stoic and remorseful nature is so subtle  and moving. The film is based on a Stephen King short story and it is  written and directed by the writer/director of The Green Mile: Frank  Darabont. In both his sensitive writting and his beautiful shot selection  he has created a filmic masterpiece. FABULOUS!
B000002MY3|5.0|Despite a weird title,this is a great CD. Alanis Morisette is a fantastic artist. She really knows how to express her feelings. Songs like &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; and &quot;Ironic&quot; are the stand-outs. The CD has a  bit of vulgar language in it that wasn't needed,but it's still terrific. If  you wanna hear a woman that can rock,this a must buy.
6305807086|5.0|We all know the movie rocks.  If you haven't seen it yet, you're denying yourself a definite pleasure.  One of the greatest head trips I've ever been on, fantastic stuff.<br />But the DVD edition goes above and beyond with  the extras.  It includes all four teaser trailers for the film, a short  film about the puppeteer who plays John Cusak's hands, a short film about  the extras on the set, an unintentionally hilarious interview with Spike  Jonez, the &quot;7 1/2 floor orientation video,&quot; and the faux  Malkovich biography featured in the film.  Oh, and there's one page that  has nothing on it.  Absolutely nothing.      So the excellent movie gets a  5 star DVD.  If you've got a DVD player, you need this one.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Believe is fantastic! Cher is an incredible voice and Believe is great! The single Believe is by far the greatest song and will have you listening to it again and again. Strong Enough is also terrific.I don't think Cher  will ever slow down. She's as great as ever.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is an awesome cd. All you guys who bought the original chronic know what im sayin. If you are new to Dr. Dre and have none of his cds, get the chronic first! But this is an amazing followup.
B00004SZWE|1.0|The five albums by Stevie that Motown chose to remaster are five of the greatest pieces of music ever created (in my humble opinion...) Just wanna' say however that they blew a once in a lifetime opportunity with the  remastering of these albums. Whoever they got to do the re-mastering must  have some high-end hearing loss, because he tweaked the highs way too much,  perhaps trying to go for a contemporary R&amp;B, over-hyped sound. It's  pretty consistent across all the new CDs, which I eagerly bought - a sharp,  brittle high end. And too much compression as well, sort of squishing the  life out of the tunes. I'm just thankful I bought a copy of Mobile  Fidelity's Gold Master's Series &quot;Innervisions&quot; before they went  out of print. To my ear, that's what all Stevie's records should sound  like. And for now, I'll happily keep listening to the original versions of  all these classic albums.
6305718954|3.0|Upon watching Stigmata again, this time with the alternate ending on the DVD edition, I found that this version of the film is a much more emotional one, and definitely the better of the two. Also, some things were missed by  me in my first viewing of the film, things, I regret to say, make my first  review of the film obsolete. The scenes in which Frankie is being attacked  by the stigmata are full of religious overtones, especially the scene in  the subway where she is stretched out as if she were Jesus on the cross. I  also enjoy the scenes in Frankie's apartment, where her candles give the  room a sort of calm sense. The movie wonderfully portrays 90's culture and  its clash with the church. Performances given by Byrne and Arquette are  very believable and unique, especially for a very religious actress playing  a confirmed athiest. Again, I apologize for my slanderous and inaccurate  review of Stigmata, for it is not a terrible movie; it is worth watching.
6304383827|5.0|This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I just loved it. It was funny and sad. Emma really thought she was doing the best for her friend but really she only made a mess. I liked how they put little hidden  messages in their. Like when they talked about Frank Churchill they focused  in on Jane Farfax.
B000002A3T|5.0|Typical Floyd.  This is the most polished work they have done.  Solid.....just sit back and listen.
B00000ILDE|3.0|James Cameron had some pretty big shoes to fill when he set out to do a sequel to one of the most hauntingly beautiful films of all time. Unfortunately, ALIENS ultimately falls flat when compared with Ridley  Scott's nonpareil classic. This is sad, because Cameron certainly had the  skill to take the whole ALIEN mythos into new and exciting directions;  instead, he opts for the same old &quot;shoot 'em up&quot;, wild west,  mindless violence, cardboard character movie formula that is so prevalent  in Hollywood today, possibly because it appeals to the lowest common  denominator and translates into guaranteed big profits for the  studios.<br />Giger's alien (truly the 'star' of the series) loses much of its  mystery and appeal at the hands of Stan Winston, becoming more of a  mindless insect with big teeth and claws, a departure from Giger's original  (and much more interesting) idea for the alien's lifecycle (check out the  deleted scenes on the ALIEN DVD).<br />In summary, a mildly entertaining but  ultimately disappointing action film that's definitely worth a look; save  your money, though - rent it.
0449911357|5.0|This is Fannie Flagg's best novel--and the others are very good too!
B00004STPT|5.0|I bought the cd since I am a really big fan of Hans Zimmer, and I loved Lisa Gerrard's work on the soundtrack for &quot;The Insider.&quot;  I cry every time I listen to it, now that I have seen the &quot;Gladiator&quot;  film.  Personal favorites: &quot;Earth&quot;, &quot;Sorrow&quot;,  &quot;Elysium&quot;, and &quot;Now We Are Free.&quot;  The music can lift  your spirit or break your heart.  A fitting companion to a truly wonderful  film!   BUY THIS SOUNDTRACK!
B000001FCB|5.0|This CD is extraordinary. Elis Regina's voice is like water with sunlight on it. In &quot;Chovendo na Roseira&quot;, her singing flows as effortlessly as the rain she is singing about. Few singers in any language  can touch her --and she makes it sound so easy! Jobim's slightly gravelly  voice provides a nice counterpart on several tracks, especially &quot;Aguas  de Marco&quot;. I wish these two had had the chance to work more together.
0060283122|4.0|I purchased 2 Lemony Snicket books for my son and we went to an author appearance at a local bookstore. My son and the other kids fully expected to have an intelligent dialog with the author and come away with a signed  book or two. <br />I can forgive the author's eccentric style, even though I  suspect he is trying to achieve a place in show business, not children's  literature. Not one serious word was exchanged with the kids who were  anxious to learn about writing. It was all ego and performance.<br />I cannot,  however, forgive him for not signing the books our kids presented. He  stamped them like a common notary public and didn't actually sign them.  <br />Forgive me if I am naive, but I am used to authors signing the books we  purchase.
B00003CXE6|4.0|This was a really entertaining film, though it begins a tad slowly. All of the acting was fantastic and despite the heavy violence, it wasn't exactly gorey. Don't expect chills or tears at the end, it's not that  &quot;epic&quot;....just really good fun.
B00002DEIX|5.0|This is a work of rare grace and beauty. It is rich and complex yet ultimately as simple and clear as a cold mountain stream. These renditions are capable of capturing your mind and taking you to a place of unbounded  peace and awareness. This young man is truly a musical zen master. You will  treasure this album and come back to it again and again.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Every song is great and she writes most of her songs!I love it!  If your a fan you should buy this for sure!
B00003XB8K|5.0|Many years ago, I remember hearing the etherial sounds of a beat with gregorian chant.. I was drawn in by this music, mostly because I hadnt heard anything like it before. What can I say?...the album is  awesome.....and it will leave you spellbound in ecstasy! ...the feel and  emotion has come back into our lives after 3 long years...and this album  blows away Enigma 3 in context and beauty. Not overdone with vocals but  pure instrumental charm with outstanding ethnic samples..where does Michael  find them? The album feel is very diversified and listening to the Carl Orf  samples used it is misleading..these give the album another twist...and it  is hard to fully understand how he wanted these to fit.. the Enigma feel is  always present although the newer and cleaner sound is awesome! <br />Moody  and full of energy..give you the rollercoaster effect of emotions....the  only negative..the album could have been longer.... maybe each track would  have done better to be at around 5 - 6min...you want each track to keep  going....as beauty should be longer. African/Jungle/Indian feel to many of  the songs...but each track takes many twists and turns you really cant get  comfortable with any part before it changes into another direction...but  the flow is tremendous.<br />It is amazing how many older Enigma sounds are  packed in this album..but you really don't think ...&quot;hey this sounds  old or outdated&quot;...it is sounds new and fresh and part of the new  generation album. The drums make you feel like you are born again...new  sounds, new beats, new emotions....Enigma fans January 17th is not to far  away...beg or borrow the money to buy the album...and you won't be  disappointed! <br />Sorry I just love Enigma.
0440180295|5.0|If I were ever stranded on a deserted island I'd like to have a copy of &quot;Slaughterhouse Five&quot; with me. I've read it nearly every year for the last twenty years or so, and find something new each time. Having a  copy while stranded may help me get &quot;unstuck in time&quot; like Billy  Pilgrim. It may offer an escape from the island for awhile. Everyone should  have a copy of this book -- I have seven.
B000002L42|5.0|This record seems to be a litmus test for some listeners- particularly those who cannot bear hearing a band peform a tune any way other than *exactly* as they did on the record. That group will be severely  dissapointed; Becker and Fagin are first and formost jazzers, and on this  album they flex their jazz chops to bring some new color and style to their  best known songs.<br />&quot;Reelin' in the Years&quot; is probably the cut  that will bug the inflexible listeners the most; gone is that classic  (Elliot Easton?) guitar riff, replaced by a horn section, and at a slower  tempo, too. But it still swings, in a more sophisticated way. The first  time I heard it I thought gee, they've taken away the best part of the  tune, but now it's my favorite cut on the album.<br />&quot;Babylon  Sisters&quot; is perhaps the closest to the recorded arrangement, but it  too benifits from a slightly slower tempo and a jazzier feel. &quot;Green  Earrings&quot; is still the ultimate in cool hipster music, and  &quot;Boddhisatva&quot; loses nothing, even without the original guitar  pyrotechnics.<br />In fact, the entire album swings in a way no Steely Dan  studio album ever did. I love it.
B00000JSJC|2.0|This is one of those movies where you go into it knowing that everyone involved is going for the big pretentious overtones and promises to &quot;say something&quot; by the end that will really prove meaningful and  long-lasting.  Unfortunately, Strange Days peters out in the first  act.<br />Take for instance the promising play with POV during the  murder--arguably the centerpiece of the film--where perception, memory,  desire, and all of those other elements that are hot in academe these days  are treated in a genuinely NEW way!  I was shocked.  Somehow it seemed to  step above the schoolboy thrill-seeker Fangoria level (I can hear it now:  &quot;And then he killed her, and she saw it, and HE saw it too,  man!&quot;) to something truly abject, disturbing, X-rated.  For all of its  denial of dealing with VR, the movie trafficks in it, in my opinion, a  really novel way.<br />But then it slides comfortably back into the Hollywood  groove: the white and black hats firmly on the right heads and tongue NOT  in cheek.  Like The Matrix, which began as a kind of Marxist reading of AI  craziness, this film lets the plot and Cameron's hubris overshadow some  really interesting and terrifying aesthetics, leaving the rest of the film  flat and predictable.<br />So when the big pretentious social questions  start to get answered in the last 2 minutes, we know that eveybody is going  to end up holding hands in the streets as long as the RIGHT black hats get  singled out and shot, prompting the theater crowd to stad up and cheer,  too.  But since the effect (and affect) is so superficial and contrived,  the scene won't last as they walk to the parking lot.
0385484518|4.0|This book, the size of a medium-sized steak, fulfills the urge to overeat.  Satisfaction blows in with quiet fury and makes you ponder the real meaning that life has to offer.  Read it and enjoy!
B000023X9W|4.0|if you're a neil young fan, \\"silver and gold\\" will remind you of his very best work, right up there with \\"after the gold rush.\\"  if this is your first foray into neil-land, this cd is a wonderful  introduction.  the overall sound is similar to \\"comes a time\\"  which in itself harkened back to his work from the early 70's.  the tunes  are melodic, pleasing and beautiful; the lyrics are meaningful, wise and  literate; the arrangements are spare and thoughtful.  while young assembled  a field of vets to play on the album, all you hear is neil, and he shines.  he is clearly comfortable playing this blend of folk-country, and seems to  be in a mood that's both cheerful and retrospective.  he sings and plays  with a touch that brings a lightness and charm to every song.  i've been  hitting the repeat button after \\"without rings,\\" the last song on  the cd.  \\"Silver and gold,\\" \\"razor love\\" and  \\"without rings\\" are remarkable.  if you're thinking about buying  this cd, don't waste any more time thinking.  buy it and you will not be  disappointed.
B00003CWN2|4.0|I don't really believe in acting awards. Is Hilary Swank really in competition with, say, Annette Bening?  I doubt they'd be going up for the same roles, ever.  But the Academy Awards do at least help ensure that  quality films get made and distributed.  And in the case of &quot;Best  Actress&quot; awards, they often provide some recognition for smaller  independent films, ones that are often woman centered.  Hilary Swank and  Chloe Sevigny are nothing short of astonishing in this profoundly  disturbing film.  They deserve the accolades--and the nominations and  awards--they've received.  Of course, in a just world, there would also be  recognition for the rest of the cast and certainly for director, Kimberly  Peirce.<br />Transgenderism, to use the current vernacular, is not a topic  that Hollywood would normally dare touch in any serious way. It took an  independent director like Peice to see that Brandon Teena's story would be  told in a compassionate, largely unsentimental way. She creates a bleak  vision of the rural Midwest as the proverbial &quot;cultural  wasteland,&quot; but its residents are granted their humanity and their  dignity.<br />Let's hope that Swank doesn't suffer from Oscar backlash and  that she continues to find challenging roles that display her range. From  what I've seen of Sevigny's work, she has already established herself as  versatile, important young actress.  I hope that we continue to see good  work from the rest of the talented cast--and from a very promising  director.
B00000064G|5.0|First of all, I'd like to thank all the people at Murmurs.com who were talking about this CD a few months ago ;p  I mean, thanks to them I knew who Nick Drake was when my Dad asked me, so he suprised me with it for  Easter this year.  And I've completely fallen in love with this music.   It's just...well, it's better to listen to it than describe it.  I've heard  people talk about how important it is for songwriters to have lived the  things they put in their lyrics, but frankly I don't want to hear about  someone's life.  I want to hear about their dreams and visions, their  inspiration and passion.  Nick Drake seems to manage this, as much in his  music as in the lyrics, and the result is some kind of lilting, erethral  perfection that's made for listening to late at night, in the quiet,  appreciating every note.
B000021Y74|5.0|Jean-Paul Sartre preferred the movie above all other art forms because of this medium's ability to express temporal movement.  Run Lola Run is clearly a postmodern expression of this temporality; the positivist notion  of a universally-accessible, knowable universe is up for grabs; as well as  the secular question of fate to boot!  All under 2 hours!  With minimal  dialogue, this is a philosophically astute piece of work.<br />I was  unprepared for this movie: luckily, I was the first of my social group to  see it.  I was almost unnerved by the intensity!  The movie met my only  workable definition of &quot;good art&quot;: I left the experience wanting  to carry on with the artists' creation.<br />One of the best movies I've seen.
B000002JK4|4.0|This is just a beautiful album, although a bit too short. It's got a great mix of gorgeous songs and experimental tracks. I adore Phil Collins' drumming and Robbie Blunt's guitar (I wish I knew what other albums Mr.  Blunt appears on). It's hard to believe I've been enjoying this album for  nearly 20 years now.<br />A couple of songs deserve special mention.  &quot;Thru With the Two-Step&quot; is one of the most beautiful songs I've  ever heard - a bit heavier on the keyboards than the usual Plant fare, but  that Blunt guitar solo just rips out my guts every time. The emotion and  clarity is simply breathtaking.<br />The other standout is &quot;Big  Log&quot;. OK, this is where I'm going to sound like a wacko. I don't know  how other people react to it, but to me this is one of those very rare  songs that I could swear the artist wrote while talking directly to God.  Although it's a simple song, the version recorded here is absolutely  untouchable in its perfection. It's like everything in the universe somehow  lined up to produce the perfect performance of the perfect song.
B000004756|5.0|Okay, so the energy that was there in FNiSF is not present here... but how could you expect that without it being live?<br />The three guitarists hold back on some of the tracks here, and while they still have amazing  technique and showcase it often, there are slower moments here.  This may  make it &quot;boring&quot; to those that expect it to burn thoughout as  with FNiSF, however for the true fan of the acoustic guitar, this album  never fails.  <br />It is obvious that the three have come a long way (at  least in their compositions), as they are far more sophisticated than in  their previous recordings.   Two songs from Al's &quot;The Infinite  Desire&quot; are here, and a third, &quot;Espirutu&quot; which adds some  percussion to the guitars.  Paco adds two strong flamenco pieces, of which  I preffered the uplifting &quot;Cardeosa&quot;.  John's fun &quot;Midsummer  Night&quot; brings back some of the energy of FNiSF and is a highlight of  the CD, while his other two compositions (particularly Letter from India)  are also very good.  Finally, John and Al play the beautiful Manha de  Carnaval, the slowest piece here.  <br />If you're not a fan of flamenco/jazz,  or are expecting the same energy as showcased in Friday Night in San  Francisco, don't buy this.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I must say that I will have to try and explain how much I love this CD in words.  His songs are really uplifting but relaxing at the same time, making his music an amazing paradox in itself.  Moby is one of the great  unrecognized talents of our time that everyone can enjoy.  Thanks Moby.
0440234743|5.0|John Grisham has fast become my favorite author, and to tell the truch I read very little non-fiction.  This story, like so many of his other books, is made because of the wonderful characters.  I don't want to give any of  it away, but you'll just love the people in this one.<br />I was sad that the  story ended, I wanted it to go on and on.
B00000K31Q|5.0|Not knowing that this movie was based on 'Taming of the Shrew' I put off watching it for over a year because of the title.  Well, what a big mistake I made!  Personally, I'm not a fan of Shakespeare and I don't think that is   a requirement, anyway, to thoroughly enjoy this  movie. <br />As far as teen  movies go, this one treats the audience as intelligent individuals whether  teens or adults are watching it.  I'm in my 30's and I found this movie and  the characters and actors especially refreshing.  Also, the LACK of vulgar  language and nude scenes is definitely a plus!  Finally someone realizes  that four letter words and sex are not needed for an audience to enjoy a  movie. <br />Both Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger stand out in this movie.   Their onscreen chemistry is not to be denied.  <br />Lastly, Mr. Ledger is a  talented young man and someone to watch in the future!  I see his star  rising and it certainly got brighter with this movie.
630575067X|4.0|Most people were preparing their bodies, minds and souls to receive George Lucas' wisdom through THE PHANTOM MENACE last summer. When it did not give people the meaning of life, there was a backlash. How could people ENJOY a  movie with expectations like that? My thought: There loss! It's only STAR  WARS. It's supposed to be fun. It's like THE YOUNG AND THE RESTLESS in  space, but a lot better done. Yoda is Obi-wan's master, not mine! I get  engrossed with these characters so I won't have to deal the deeper  complexities of MY existence (at least not for two hours). The special  effects are without equal. The pod race and the climactic light-saber dual  stand as two of the best set pieces in the STAR WARS saga. And just  imagine(if you must) Jar Jar Binks as your most irritating, but lovable,  pet, and you're okay there. Besides, this movie is just exposition. I can  almost garauntee Episodes II and III will not be this light story-wise.  Lucas had to introduce us to everbody and get them in place. My view is he  made the very best of a mundane and unenviable job. STAR WARS is meant to  entertain us (the moviegoers), the deeper meanings and reasons should,  really, only be relevant to Lucas. It's his spaceship, I'll let him fly it.  I agree with Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson): &quot;Don't worry. The Force will  guide us.&quot;
B00004KD1L|3.0|I wasn't all that impressed by &quot;Vertigo&quot; at first--it seemed a somewhat repetitive collection of trendy dance grooves with a few catchy samples and soulful female vocals thrown in the mix, but nothing more.  The  album grew on me, though, and I began to look past the electronic gadgetry  to see the heart and passion lying underneath.  Despite the surface  simplicity of the album, many of these songs use their musical structure to  tell &quot;stories&quot; with moods and grooves that shift and morph from  the beginning to the end.  For example, some songs, such as  &quot;Chicago,&quot; slowly add layer upon layer of instruments and  hooks--a deep synthesizer undertone; a swooning, siren-sounding hook; a  thumping beat; a jangly guitar--until they build up into a kind of  harmonious crescendo.  Other songs, such as &quot;Dusk, You and Me,&quot;  start off with multiple instruments and hooks and then slowly peel these  away, one by one, to reveal a kind of sublime essence at the core of the  song.  <br />Anyway, it strikes me that this CD is one of those rare albums  that manages to be both exciting and soothing at the same time (the  &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; soundtrack is another recent example that  comes to mind); and I'm beginning to believe that the singles and albums we  hear that sound instantly catchy to us are often not the ones that last in  our minds, but rather that the ones that seem a little bland at first but  have more subtle pleasures underneath that don't reveal themselves until  further listening are the ones we savor most in the end.  I think Madonna  may have been on to something when she called this the best album of 1999,  just don't necessarily expect to fall in love with it right away.
B00004TJK2|5.0|One of the early films by filmmaker Luc Besson (the Fifth Element, The Professional (a.k.a. Leon), Subway, La Femme Nikita, Joan D'Arc, producer of Taxi and Taxi 2, etc.). Who likes Luc Besson's Style will ove this movie  starring Jean Reno. It's the story of two free divers (without equipment)  and reaching their limits, becoming one with nature. Magnific underwater  pictures. A must to be seen!
0380796090|3.0|I enjoyed the book as an escapist read - very light, and I didn't find it especially funny as many others seem to have done.  The end was just too unbelievable and predictable.  Spoilt the whole thing for me!
B000001Y9I|4.0|That's no bull--in the song &quot;Aviator&quot;, whose intonation and phrasing would make it possible for it to be done by a country act anyway. Not surprising when you think of it--this is the same outfit that did a pretty faithful cover of a Neil Diamond number (&quot;Kentucky Woman&quot;) early on in their career. DP's draft of Steve Morse to replace Ritchie Blackmore worked out better than maybe they even foresaw. I'm not going to argue Morse's technical prowess over Blackmore--that's largely a question of taste. But Morse's mandolin in &quot;Aviator&quot; means he's got Blackmore beat all hollow on versatility. Only time will tell how that will work in the long run.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Galaxy Quest is the best, most affectionate leg-pull of the Star Trek universe ever staged.  Kicking off from an old Trek premise (an alien culture basing itself on a book - in this case tv series - from Earth) and  weaving it into a story about a group of washed-out actors scraping a  living from personal appearances and conventions.  When the crew of the  fictional starship find themselves aboard a real starship, they go from  complete panic to being real heroes by the end of the movie.  A joy to  behold.
079213690X|5.0|Everyone before me including the Amazon Editor has summed up this story  already, so i'll just put my 2 cents in the can and you can take it or  leave it. This movie was magnificent, the battle scenes were like none  other, i didn't care about the historical accuracy, like the viewer before  me i paid to see a movie, not a history lesson. This has to be one of Mel  Gibson's finest performances ever. The clothes, the brutality of war, the  armor and weaponry were created so realistically it makes me thank God to  this very day that i live in the age of a somewhat civilized society. This  movie belongs in any serious collection, buy it today.
6303997198|5.0|After seeing this movie, I grew a greater appreciation toward the idea of &quot;true love&quot;.  However, anyone who has experienced what Francesca went through, knows the inner-battle and confusion one faces.  This movie  gives a person comfort that the one you are with may or may not be the  &quot;only&quot; one meant for you.  This movie gives me hope and relief  that what may happen in my life is shared by others (fictional or not).  I  can relate to Francesca and it helps me to rationalize some of my own  decisions.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is torn between two  relationships or is lost in their own.
079284209X|3.0|Two of my favorite actors, Jean Reno and Robert De Niro, in a action packed, espionage movie should be good but for some reason it falls short. How could this be? Bad acting? No, all are at least capable actors. Bad  directing? No, the scenes were put together well. Perhaps, bad writing?  That's the ticket laddie. The writing was very confusing, the writers used  reference points such as Military base names, other military terms and  jargon that your just supposed to be familar with i suppose. The actors had  some very notable quotes that seem somewhat interesting, but since i don't  understand military terms they're pretty useless. Maybe there was some bad  directing after all, i mean  guns, bullets, rocket launchers, and fast  paced chases over picnic tables and cafes everywhere but not a cop in  sight. I'm no expert but i have watched &quot;World's most dangerous police  chases&quot; a few times and cops worldwide are all over you if you look  like your driving funny. So how can they drive on the wrong side of the  highway for about 2 miles, run people off the street, smash into every  obstacle on the road and not 1 cop show up? I suppose the cops knew they  were all ex military secret service type jerks and were just staying out of  the way. This movie get 1 star for Jean Reno, 1 star to De Niro, 1 star for  the action scenes, 1 star deduction for bad writing and 1 star deduction  for bad directing. Rent don't buy on this one.
B00000IQW3|4.0|Probably the most fun sci-fi besides the StarWars movies.  It's got cool effects, realistic creature designs, and an awesome soundtrack! The cast gives a innocent and great performance. Even though i watched it a ton of  times as a kid, it's still just as fun now, just gotta love those  &quot;Dream to be a hero&quot; flicks.&quot;  I always wished there would  be a sequel to this film...oh well. Alex Rogan (lead character): &quot;Back  to bed Lewis or i'll tell mom about your playboys!&quot;  Besides the great  action, it's got humour too! A very inspirational movie, watch it!
6305622825|2.0|Hey, this movie is only 1 year old why is it so cheap? Take a wild guess. This movie is hardly worth the low price amazon is asking, Sean Connery once again plays a fast witted, cool cat who lives in a castle of all  places and is rich, thats a stretch huh. I saw the castle and said, o.k.  he's the big bad world crook and he has all this mad money, i'm not big on  foreign country policies but i'm sure scotland, ireland or whatever  European country this castle is in has something similar to the IRS. He's a  well known crook yet no one has bothered to ask how the heck can he afford  to live in the castle with all this rare expensive stuff? But besides that  i felt this movie was just too cliche, it had a few nice plot twist but  overall i could have rented The Matrix one more time [even though i own it]  than getting this. The only thing that kept me remotely interest was the  beauty of Jones and the roof dangling action scenes. Would i watch it if it  came on TNT, sure, buy it? Cha know what,un-uh
0394800184|4.0|This children's classic blithely written from an adult point of view, makes light of a baby bird's terror when he realizes that his mother is absent from the nest when he hatches. The plot, the baby's quest for a  parent and identity in an increasingly technological and impersonal world,  climaxes when the baby plaintively asks a machine (the snort) if IT is his  mother. Though the bird mother, identified as such by her scarf and  handbag, reassuringly reappears at the end of the book, the reader is left  shaken and uncertain of the future of the nest which is the Twenty First  Century.
B0000029DD|5.0|i've 3 favourite cds, this is one of them.<br />band music. guitars, natural sounds, vocals.<br />similar music? Shudder To Think is occasionally similar. other bands have since tried...like Cordrazine. but they lack the central  crystal chip makes the mind move.<br />absolutely incredible. for one, the  songs are powerful, lyrically, harmonically, everything. jeff buckley  actually sings. no pop nothingness breathy speaky voice. no mainstream 3  note melodies. these are well written songs. his guitar skills are equally  as sensational. sensational is the word, really....it'll get your senses  and get them good.<br />the songs range from bashy to lullabyish and sweet. if  they don't siren-call you to love j.buckley, your brain and spine must be  wired wrong.<br />grace is love. love is grace.<br />a piece of perfection.
6305627347|5.0|There are at least two questions about the South Park in \\"Who wants to be a millionaire\\", and the two contestants insisted, before answering the questions correctly, that they had never seen the South Park. When a friend  asked me what Robin Williams was singing about at the Oscar night, I found  myself answering: \\"you don't want to know.\\" So if you are a person who is a  little bit conservative and likes to be politically correct, can you enjoy  the South Park movie without feeling guilty about it? Here are some reasons  that you may:<br />First, the South Park movie, like its TV shows, takes issue  on politics/society in a light-hearted way. The movie deals with a much  bigger issue: how people desire to make the society/nation the way they  think it is right to such an extent that they would rather use violence (or  called military action) to get it. In the movie the idea is totally  fictitious and funny, out of the theatre it is a sad cold reality. Seldom  movies I have seen can be so serious and funky at the same time. If you  think the topic is too big, well, the movie also sends a message about  children should take responsibility of their own lives instead of blaming  the society. <br />Second, if you are a musical fan like me, you may really  enjoy the movie. It is not just a movie with some funny songs in it; it  really has some Broadway musical style! And the songs fit in the plot  perfectly. One climax is when the Terrace and Philip is captured, four  songs from four players of the game (Mother Against Canada, Terrace and  Philip from jail, Children from La Resistance, Satan from hell) weave  together, making this ridiculous moment strangely intense and exciting. My  personal favorite is \\"What Would Brian Boitano Do\\". Satan's \\"Up there\\" is  very sweet. The school principal's \\"It's easy, mmmkay\\" is made just for  him. <br />Comparing to the TV episodes, the movie gives those F words the  right purpose to be there. And Kenny rarely has such a meaningful death.  (Way to go Kenny!) It is full of sarcastic jokes, but I doubt small  children should apprehend them, an R rate is necessary.<br />See it, if you  don't like it just blame Canada, you have nothing to lose.
B00000295A|3.0|Ok, their first album. It's very funky and acid jazzy, less commercial in every way. Good for hardcore Jamiroquai fans, but if you only joined the parade with the most recent albums, I wouldn't recommend it. Much less dancy, much less mainstream, much less sing-along-able.
B000002U82|5.0|This was the very first album I bought 20 years ago. I was still 13 then but I knew I had with me one of the greatest works or concepts Rock music will and can ever produce. A masterpiece! If there's a thing as an  afterlife, this is the album I'd choose to bring with me along with Alan  Parsons Projects' &quot;Tales of Mystery &amp; Imagination&quot; and  Manfred Mann's Earth Band's &quot;Angel Station.&quot; Thank you, Pink  Floyd! Thank you for such a wonderful work!
B000002BSG|5.0|their second best album.<br />discoey, pop songy, dancey, acid jazzy, funky, bongo drummy, and a touch of breakbeat.<br />similar music? can't think of any.<br />not as quality as Return of the Space Cowboy, because it's venturing  more into the commercial world and although catchy, some of the tracks  become a little tiresome after a while. but it's worth getting. my favorite  Jamiroquai track is on this album - track 13.<br />dance dance dance funk funk  funk. good cd.
B000002H33|5.0|This album is really good becuase it's so hard and fast, and I like the old Metallica better anyway. The songs are not boring at all and sound really great. The best ones on this cd are The Thing That Should Not Be,  Welcom Home (Sanitarium), and Disposable Heroes. By this album if you want  the best Metallica sound.
B00003CWL6|5.0|The movie will easily be considered one of the best, if not the best movie ever, in a few years.  There is nothing to complain about with this movie as the direction was fabulous. The multiple storylines combine seemlessly  and is greatly wrapped up at the end. Just when you think you know what  will happen next...It does, but not exactly as you thought.<br />The movie  never dissapoints, teen angst, midage crisis, unhappy wife. What does this  movie not have? A great snapshot of our new society.
B000003N7Y|5.0|I love this music!   This CD has everything---mood, attitude, fire, swing.  This is one of Mingus'  few large works, and what a gas it is!  The way the soloists are completely integrated with the ensemble is pure genius.  Elevator music this is not.  Mingus demanded artistry from his  collaberators and so this music is demanding of the listener, as it should  be.  Like his other great album &quot;Black Saint and the Sinner Lady&quot;  I never get tired of hearing this one. I always hear something new each  playing.  Emotional, engaging, soulful.  I love this music!
B00003W8NM|5.0|First off, this movie hands down has the one of the best endings, I have  ever seen.  Norton is incredible (as always), and Pitt's Tyler Durden is  lovably psychotic.  But, the real star here is Fincher who has directed his  best movie since Seven.  The soundtrack is great, the direction is  spellbinding (look close for the subliminal flashes of human genitals), and  the plot twist is one you will never guess.  This movie is about a half  hour too long, but nevertheless buy it.  If you like movies that you need  to view a couple of times to fully understand then fight club is for you.
0140282033|1.0|It's a shame when a bad book like this earns undeserved praise and attention and other, better-written books are virtually ignored.  The basic idea of Chocolat (good versus evil) is always interesting, even if a bit  overdone, but Harris's execution of that idea leaves more than a little to  be desired.  Vianne Rocher, a mysterious new arrival in the small  southwestern French village of Lansquenet, is far to vague to be  &quot;good,&quot; and Father Reynaud, the village priest, and the author's  representation of evil, is really only a tormented soul, one to pity rather  than hate.  The battle between Vianne and Reynaud is completely lacking in  tension and momentum and the story soon becomes nothing more than an  extensive exercise in extreme boredom.  The other characters are just as  poorly developed and actually come off as cliches.  Armande, who could have  been delightful, under the guidance of a more talented author, was reduced  by Harris to a caricature of an elderly, stubborn, persnickety old woman,  used to getting her own way.  While she could have been lovable, had she  said, &quot;Whee,&quot; one more time, even I would have felt like punching  her in the face, eighty-one years old notwithstanding.  The character of  Josephine was so overly-melodramatic she was nothing more than silly and  earned my contempt rather than my pity.  Much of the book is vague.  The  author seems to delight in being coy with us and coyness in the service of  plot or characterization is never good.  Another thing that I found jarring  was the fact that Harris constantly switched from present to past tense  with no rhyme or reason.  Other, better and more experienced writers, make  a choice, so should Harris.  It could only serve to improve her prose and  she does need to improve it.  Harris leads us on a merry goose chase,  making us believe there will be a huge, climactic showdown between the  Church, as personified by Reynaud, and a pagan Festival of Chocolate, as  personified by Vianne.  However, all this buildup only leads to one huge  letdown, as Reynaud simply caves in and the chocolate festival is barely  mentioned.  Finally, as a 100% Frenchwoman, myself, with a home in a small  French village, I found the scenes of French village life to be 95%  inaccurate.  I got absolutely no sense of &quot;Frenchness&quot; from this  book at all and found it totally lacking in atmosphere.  It is a shame this  book made it past an editor, much less to publication.  Chocolat will leave  a bitter taste in my mouth for the short time I care to remember it.
B00001SIES|5.0|Well it wouldn't actually be wasting considering that this is one great cd!  Yes, they sound a bit like Radiohead but after listening to the cd repeatedly the difference is quite clear.  I believe that I will be keeping  a close eye on this little band and waiting patiently for more awesome  tunes.
0783242808|5.0|I went into watching this film with expectations from friends who praised it enourmously, and i have to say i was well pleased.  The film involves four high school misfits who try and lose their virginity.  The film has a  relatively unknown cast, which makes it suprising, as it is a top film
B000001FI7|5.0|Portishead's post-grunge mood has only recently bewitched me. But, I can now say without doubt, that 'Dummy' is the finest album of the last decade, an epic album which perfectly encapsulates all the required elements of a  classic album and then some. The opening 'Mysterons' sets the Theremin  flavoured scene, enticing the listener with irrestible guitars. The most  bombastic track is 'Sour Times', impossibly groovy and sad at the same  time. Yet, Beth never sounds morose and it is this which buoys the album,  as there is a hint that her depression may just pass (as it indeed does as  'Glory Box' confirms to us at the end). Other notable tracks include  'Roads', which is my favourite song, a sad and tragic wrist slasher of a  song, which uses its mournful strings and delicately played funk guitar to  maximum effect, and 'Numb', which demonstrates that when it comes to  harmonising over a sample, it is Beth Gibbons who cannot be beaten.
B00000JZIK|5.0|This movie is the best movie I have ever seen. Everything about it is incredible. The cast is amazing and Kevin Spacey does a wonderful performance as Verbal Kint. Everything about it is flawless.I definitly  recommend buying this movie.
B00000K31Q|4.0|This remake of Shakespeare's play keeps alive the the flavor of the orignal play.  I've always enjoyed Shakespeare's comedies, and this remake doesn't disappoint.  The puns and banter of the characters are fresh and  entertaining.  At times, some of the actors show their inexperience (this  is particularly true of Heath Ledger).  Julia Stiles does a superb job of  playing the shrew.  In fact, she steals the show.  My other favorite  character is Ms. Perky, the sex-obsessed guidance counselor.  After you've  had one of those days when nothing seems to go right, pop this movie in the  DVD player and get ready to laugh!
6300247120|5.0|This is one of my favorite all time movies! I will never tire of it. It never fails to impress or entertain. While it is modest in scope, it is written, acted and filmed in such an unpretentious and genuine manner that  it becomes poetic. We are given insight into each character in a way that  is humorous and yet poignent. There is one shot towards to end of the film  where the winners are being congratulated and we catch a glimpse of Cyril  looking at Dave and his folks. We realize that there is no one there to  congratulate Cyril, and there is a moment of sadness in the midst of a  glorious victory.Everyone in this film is priceless! It is one of my  personal top tens!
B00000JJQK|3.0|Truth be told this CD while beautifully produced is merely an average effort and light years from the incredibly high standards achieved by the Beatles on Revolver and especially Sgt Pepper.Without the hit singles what  do you have? The answer is nothing much.Practically every song the Beatles  recorded was a potential top ten or No.1,while most of Pet Sounds is  forgetable elevator muzak at best.And really can any album with Sloop john  B on it be considered great? No. Pet Sounds is no more than a sweet  sounding &quot;nice&quot; record,but not that great.God only knows is the  exception,a diamond in the rough so to speak.
B000003BDJ|4.0|This is a great collection of songs,and being a Beatlemaniac this is really the only Stones worth owning,their actual albums have far too much filler.And reading through these reviews Ive noticed a disturbing trend  towards Beatles bashing.I can only conclude this attitude derives from  jealousy,and I would advise Stones fans to just enjoy their music without  trying to prove anything or deride the monumental achievments of the  greatest rock band ever.I realise a lot of Beatles fans have this music  snob thing going and tend to look at the Stones fans as second class  citizens,but trust me we're not all like that.All Im saying is try and love  the Stones without hating the Beatles.It is possible ya know!
B000002U82|1.0|of this overrated CD.Pink Floyd to me died after the departure of Syd Barret.If you want to invest in a Floyd CD I highly recommend Piper at the gates of dawn which is easily their best and most inspired work and  recorded right next door to those legendary gods the four horsemen,who were  incidentally recording the greatest album ever with Sgt Pepper.Another  highly recommended CD Btw. This album is plodding and after listening to it  you are reminded of an Iggy Pop lyric that goes like this.&quot;Im bored/Im  the chairman of the bored! Get the picture.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is the sleeper hit of 2000 in regards to female vocalists.  If you purchase the CD for just the Roswell theme (Here with Me) you will be pleasently surprised by the rest of the album.  It is reminicsent of Sarah  McLaughlin but with a twist that is all Dido. I especially liked &quot;All  You Want&quot;, it was an amazing blend of vocals and music that perfectly  complimented each other.  This is a must buy for anyone who is looking to  expand their music library past the usual suspects.
B00000016W|5.0|This is a masterpiece. I won't get into the Sgt. Peppers or Rubber Soul vs. Pet Sounds. I let this classic stand on its own. Brian Wilson stretched his wings on this one and the band followed. It is, at times, a little  uneven, but the music stands up. &quot;Wouldn't it be Nice&quot; and  &quot;God Only Knows&quot; are the deserved hits, but don't push aside the  other not-so-popular titles like &quot;I Just Wasn't Made for These  Times,&quot; &quot;I Know There's an Answer&quot; and probably the most  underrated Beach Boys song of all time, &quot;Caroline No.&quot; A truly  introspective album. It's deserving of the classic label. Truly a fantastic  album. The Beach Boys showed they could do more than just surf and drag.
0312853238|5.0|This book is incredible, I've read and re-read this book several times and still I can't stop.  The book show sides of humans very few of us realize. I know that sounds boring, but think of the skill Mr. Card must have to  bring that to us.  I find that you don't read about Ender as much as learn  him, in the novel.  This book is without doubt my favorite, even over those  of Sir Arthur Clarke.  There is little I can say but to read it.  If you're  human you'll be moved, I was. -daveharding25@hotmail.com
1559408898|3.0|Since there are so many reviews of Robocop already I will keep it brief: the added material isn't worth the extra money, and the only reason to buy this disk is that the regular DVD is devoid of anything usefull. If you  liked the movie buy it, if you are buying it because it has deleted  material on it, skip it.
0385484518|5.0|I have no idea what the previous reviewer was looking for.  The great truths in life have always been the simple things, from Christ to Buddah, from Ghandi to the Dali Lama.  It's really not that complicated.  Life  tends to get in the way of our pursuit of happiness and we forget the  important things in life.  Morrie's interest in Buddism, existential  pscyology, and a touch of Zen w/o the Koans, provides inspiration and  insight into life.   Irv Yalom and other existentalists have echoed the  idea that we are the only animal that appears to know we are going to die.   Knowledge of death is a gift, not a curse.  It makes life more precious,  more transitory, because each moment may be our last.   Thank you for an  evening spent with this man.
B000002KD9|5.0|As so many of the reviewers have said, this album is the quintessential Neil Young album, love it or leave it.  No other album can bring back the rush of the early '70's mystique quite like this one, memories flooding  back. It is trippy, spacey, all of that and more, which is its great  appeal, 30 years later.  An absolute treasure!
B000002MTU|4.0|This is a fantastic album for fans of Clapton the bluesman or Clapton the guitarist.  He unleahes fiery guitar solos in &quot;Five Long Years&quot; and &quot;Groaning the Blues.&quot;  The only reason that this album is not  a classic is that Clapton's singing is subpar, but his guitar playing makes  up for his singing.  If you're a Clapton fan from the Bluesbreakers and  Cream days this album is for you, but if you're looking for albums like  &quot;Slowhand&quot; or &quot;Unplugged&quot; you might want to skip this  one.
B00003CWPR|5.0|The interpretations are endless so I won't even go there.  I'm just pleased as I look at these EXTREMELY mixed reviews and one thing comes to mind.  I would like to quote Oscar Wilde in saying:<br />&quot;All art is at  once surface and symbol. Those who go beneath the surface do so at their  peril. Those who read the symbol do so at their peril. It is the spectator,  and not life, that art really mirrors. Diversity of opinion about a work of  art shows that the work is new, complex, and vital. When critics disagree,  the artist is in accord with himself.&quot;
B00004TDTO|5.0|Many a shark film has been released in the years following the success of Jaws, but none of them, not even the recent effort, the &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot;, have come close to the same impact that Jaws had then, and even  now still has. A small island town is under seige by rogue shark with a  hunger for what ever jumps in the water. Standing in it's way are a police  sheriff(Roy Scheider), whose has a deep fear of the water. A marine  biologist(Richard Dreyfuss), and an old sea captain(Robert Shaw) who both  want things done a certain way. What transpires is a frightening expedition  into hell, where the way to get out is to kill or be killed by a creature  with less mercy than the devil. A suspensful tale, top quality acting, and  a music score(composed by John Williams) that has become so familar, that  it's very composition, induces a nightmare vision in the minds of those who  have seen the movie. One of Steven Speilberg's finest hours.
0446310786|3.0|The very good writing offers you a good insight into the wee town of Maycomb,in the deep south of the thirties. A good book but you will get very bored sometimes if your a teenager like me!
0767819594|4.0|I think this film is excellent. It's nothing compared to the original ofcourse, it's been transformed into the ultimate teen flick and is bound to be incredibly popular.  Sarah.M Gellar was great (very convincing) and  Reese Witherspoon was fantastic. My advice is to definately see it but  don't expect it to be as equisite as Dangerous Liasons.
B000001FDK|5.0|Our Jr. High and high school choir did Grease for our pops concert. I'm not a big fan of 50s music but my music teacher, Mrs. White made us listen to just about every song so we could learn the words. I first I didn't like  any of the songs. But after listening to the soundtrack for about 3 months,  it grew on me and I luv it now! The Jr. High choir did back-up vocals for  &quot;Grease&quot;, did back-up vocals for the high school on &quot;Summer  Nights&quot;, the Jr. High girls got to do back-up vocals for the 2 guy  soloists on &quot;Beauty School Dropout&quot;, and the Jr. High guys got to  sing and dance to &quot;Greased Lightin'&quot;. The high school choir sang  the rest of the songs. The girls had to wear poodle skirts and the guys had  to wear tight blue jeans, black leather jackets, and white T-shirts. Mrs.  White taught us choregraphy and sometimes had to call early morning  practice at 7:00 a.m. so that was a real drag. The concert was March 24 and  it was a big hit! I luv this soundtrack!
B00003CWL5|5.0|I agree with the other guy, to all the execs out there, PLEASE! Put this movie on DVD! Do NOT do like Lucas did with Ep. 1! People will buy more copies of this on DVD rather than VHS. This has got to be one of the best  movies of recent times and perhaps of all time. Well done.
B000031WD9|4.0|this movie is so funny, so true i could really relate to what my brothers and their friends must have gone through during their adolecence.
B00000BKDW|5.0|I've heard some of the stuff from the new album.  Some people say it's the best ever.  I disagree.  This is the best ever, without a doubt.  Let's take a look, shall we?<br />Aces High-Wow, it rules.  Steve get's it started  really well here.  Great harmonies.<br />Two Minutes to Midnight-This song  rules.  The best song Adrian and Bruce ever did together.  Cool main lick,  and the chorus is put together really well.<br />Losfer Words (Big Orra)-Weird  name, great song, that's all there is to say.<br />Flash of the Blade-Very  cool.  Some of Bruce's best work.  Another great guitar lick.<br />The  Dueists-A song among songs.  My favorite track on the album.  Great great  great song.  Definitely the best song about swordplay (no offense to Flash  of the Blade).<br />Back in the Village Again-Once more, a very cool lick.  I  suppose Adrian decided to Americanize on this album.<br />Powerslave-Bruce,  once again, makes something very powerful and strong.  A great song all  around.<br />Rime of the Ancient Mariner-Steve's magnum opus.  Epic, long,  well written lyrics (even though he didn't actually write all of  them).<br />Buy this album.
B00004LN16|5.0|One listener stated that in five months this album would be back in my cd cabinet.  They stated&quot; because it was new, I liked it&quot;  Well listen, AC/DC continues to forge ahead.  It is still in my car, my CD palyer...in other words, it still kicks buttocks.  Hard rock and roll  has become less and less poplular lately, as hard as it is to admit.  Thank  GOD for AC/DC.  They keep playing hard Rock and Roll despite the changing  of the times.  THANK GOD FOR AC/DC...FOR WITHOUT THEM, WHERE WOULD ROCK BE?   I AM SO HAPPY THAT AC/DC IS STILL PLUGGING AWAY.  THEY ROCK THE SAME WAY  THEY DID 25 YEARS AGO, AND IT STILL KEEPS MY FIST AND HEAD PUMPIN.....THANK  GOD FOR AC/DC.
B0000029DD|5.0|This man's music moves through the soul, caressing like a new lover in the dark. I hear Calliope whispered in his dreams from the cradle. Nowhere on earth is his divine gift more apparent than on this, his only complete  recording. If what you crave from music is a deeply emotional response,  then you must experience Jeff Buckley's Grace. To put it personally, I have  a love affair with his sound. With a voice that brings me to the brink and  a songwriting style that pushes me over, I cannot resist. He was Heaven  incarnate and his music is the blessing for the world. This collection of  songs is sublime beyond compare. Please, please buy this and you will  encounter  a power greater than that at the heart of the quasar.
0790729989|5.0|Seven is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen.  Perhaps this statement is too vague.  Well, consider the story.  A serial killer named Jon Doe, played flawlessly by Kevin Spacey, who is disgusted with society  and considers it his destiny to rid the world of seven people who have  committed one of the seven deadly sins.  From the writers, actors to the  set crew, each deadly sin is showcased with perfection and mystery.  I must  say that Brad Pitt moved to the next level of acting with his role as the  novice detective partnered with Morgan Freeman.  Freeman is depicted as the  rusty old detective who can no longer apathize with society of it's decay.   However instead of retirement, Freeman stays on in an attempt to help Pitt  stop Jon Doe before he nails all seven sins.  After seeing Seven, I tried  to imagine what other quality actors might have been chosen instead of  Morgan Freeman.  None came to mind.  While I'm raving about the actors of  this film, I must say I fell in love with Spacey.  Words cannot describe  the abilty of this man.  Spacey didn't PLAY a serial killer.  He became  one.  His ability to transform himself into Jon Doe was the tip in to  making Seven a five star film.  Don't rent it.  Buy it.  You WILL watch it  more than once!
B000002MFN|4.0|If you want to feel Madonna naked, in your face, with all her emotions and talent, buy this one. Althought she went to far in the sound of this album (it's too raw in some points) and the song &quot;Did you Do It&quot; is  such a silly stuff, you can enjoy it. Don't pay attention to the usual  comments about the album. If SEX book and Body of Evidence hadn't been  released ... the story would have been diferent.
6305807086|5.0|This is an extraordinary movie. For a start you have John Cusack and Cameron Diaz looking awful (but acting great) then you have a bizarre storyline (a portal into John Malkovitch's head) and an even wierder  premise for an amazing movie.<br />John Cusack, a puppeteer with no work  (catch his street play) is married to animal lover Cameron Diaz (how can  you make someone so beautiful look so frumpy? They failed in Frankie and  Johnny but sure succeeded here). He gets a job in a filing firm situated in  between two floor of a building (so everyone has to crouch - low  overheads). During his work there he discovers the portal and together with  his object of lust (Catherine Keener) they set up a business where at $200  a shot anyone can spend 15 minutes inside John Malkovitch's mind).<br />But of  course there is confusion. Cameron Diaz loves Catherine Keener (and in a  brilliant scene tells John Cusack she wants surgery to make her a man), so  he locks her in an animal cage. There is so much in this movie, a secretary  (sorry excutive assistant) with dyslexic hearing, the ickiest pathway into  the portal one could imagine and some very wierd lust!<br />However, the prize  must go to John Malkovitch  for being able to poke fun at himself in such  an entertaining way. When Malkovitch himself goes through his own portal  you get the highlight of the movie: Malkovitch world. This must be the  funniest, craziest scene I have seen in a movie for a long, long  time.<br />However, underlying the hilarity is (or could be) a serious message  (or maybe I am taking the puppet metaphor too seriously). Nevertheless,  this is a must see movie. Spike Jonze (who later starred in Three Kings)  has created a masterpiece.
0719043263|5.0|Barry gives a concise overview of contemporary literary and cultural theory, taking a look at structuralism, postmodernism, postcolonial theory, etc.  Eminently readable, the volume explains these theories without  oversimplifying them.  Those mystified by the jargon of contemporary theory  will find here a useful guide.
0790734311|5.0|This has to be the best movie of the 1990's!  Eastwood, Freeman, Harris, and Hackman are superb! Saul Rubinek adds to the stellar-acting in his role as a visiting &quot;journalist.&quot;<br />This ain't your father's  &quot;horse opera.&quot;  For that, we can be grateful.
6303109950|5.0|Pair this one with Clint Eastwood's &quot;Unforgiven&quot; and you have the two superlative movies of the last decade.  This remake far surpasses the original &quot;Gunfight at the O.K. Corral,&quot; with its perfect  casting of Kurt Russell, Powers Boothe, Sam Eliott, Bill Paxton, and Jason  Priestly who shows that he can exist outside of the &quot;90210&quot; zip  code.<br />But it is Val Kilmer, one of Tinseltown's most gifted  &quot;chameleons&quot; who immerses himself as the legendary Doc Holliday.  Everyone in my circle of friends lauded his performance as one of the  finest that has ever graced the silver screen.<br />The guy can act!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I just got my copy from Amazon.de, and its great, highly reccommended. I just want to correct what an earlier reviewer said - the album WILL Come to the US just not til the Fall at the earliest, and possibly with different  tracks of course - so buy the original Euro release while you can!
0780619668|2.0|No contender, here!  This has to be one of the worst films ever made.  Taking a classic from one of the masters of the sci-fi genre and turning it into this mishmash borders on sacrilege.  Brando should have declined this  one and stayed in his Polynesian paradise.<br />Its only saving grace: the  always dependable Val Gilmer who must have had a great time mimicking  Brando in one scene.
6304143184|5.0|This Movie is one of my best ones, Steven Spielberg is a genuis director, he can make you FEEL and LIVE the movie he makes with a very SIMPLE way, no complications, just being simple and perfect, that movie is the best, He  created a very loving Alien, He used this simple boy, that very perfect  directing, no (over use) of since fiction or animation, he just makes that  movie to &quot;TOUCH OUR HEARTS&quot; and untill those present days, after  those years, it still touches our heart like the first time we watche it,  Steven Spielberg,.....YOU are GREAT, thank you so much Mr. Spielberg...
B00003CXDU|5.0|This is a movie for a family.  I saw it in a movie theater first and laughed my head off.  Then I saw it on a plane and laughed even more.  This is a funny movie for the family.  I would recomend it for the whole family  but young children might not understand it.  There are only a couple of  innapropriate moments.  Tthis is one of the only family movies that isn't  stupid like Barney.
B00003CWPR|3.0|I can say that, as far as reviews go, this is one of the most debated films ever.  I'm gonna say it right now, both sides are right.<br />One one hand, this film is important, and it can be studied.  It is a psychological  film, that not everyone will understand, probably because it's very hard to  understand.  The film has some haunting images, and it's by Stanley  Kubrick...<br />But this is not one of his better films.  Even if Film Scolars  look deep into this work, and understand it, the message is simple.  The  plot is simple, and even though it may seem deep, it's shallow on the  surface.  The film is slow in order to let the plot sit in, which most  people won't like, although it worked for 2001.<br />I know my review may be  confusing, but I'm so confused about this movie that I don't know what to  think.  I can say this, if you haven't seen it, give it a rent first,  because this is a movie not everyone will like.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit is different on this album...and I like it.  Instead of all that jaw-dropping metal on their first release, they have added some more rap, while keeping the same amount of metal.  They even had guest  appearances by rappers Method Man and Eminem.  All the songs are great and  my favorites are tracks 4,5,9, and 10.  The outro and intro are both good  songs.  The comedy clips at the end are funny too.
B00004STPT|4.0|If you like other Hanz Zimmer soundtracks like Crimson Tide, this should be a welcome CD to your collection.  This is one tiny step up from most of his other work.  On one end, you have the heroic and patrioc action music  that he is so very good at.  But on the other hand he serves up some more  quiet tunes, like he did on The Thin Red Line.<br />4 Stars because some of  the stuff seemed recycled.  But at least it seemed recycled of his good  work.
B00000K2SC|4.0|This Movie was confusing at first but trust me keep watching! The plot is in the futre when computers have enslaved the human race. Keanu Reeves plays the &quot;Chosen One&quot; who is trying to stop the matrix so people  can live free again.
0783225733|5.0|This is a very gripping film from beginning to end. It is also very dramitic and, being a true story, that helps. This movie has an all star cast also, and I must say that each cast actor gives a wonderful  performance.<br />This is Universal's first Collectors Edition Disc and it  truly is filled with a lot of stuff. A behind the scenes documentary really  shows how the film was made, this is a must have for anyone who owns a DVD  player!<br />This is a must have.<br />(this is my review from DVD empire)
B00000J7JO|5.0|As I said, this is a really good cd. The only problem is that it's not what I thought it was going to be.  I thought it was going to be all rock when I bought this cd, except for Scar Tissue.  I got the cd as a birthday  present the day the video for Otherside came out.  It is now one of my  favorite songs.  My favorite songs on this rock/funk/softer rock cd are  tracks 3,4,5, and 6.  If you are a Red Hot Chili Peppers fan buy this, and  even if you aren't you should buy it anyway.
0783225881|5.0|This movie greatly captures the spirit of baseball, but IT DOES SO MUCH MORE.<br />This movie (which is probably the best ever made) has so many wonderful things to it.  It's about following your heart, and your dreams,  no matter what anyone says, and no matter what the consequences are.  It is  also a movie about imagination.  In today's world, people seem to imagine  less.  This movie puts all those people to shame.  More importantly, the  movie is also about the relationship between father and son, and the  &quot;good ole days.&quot;  This is one of the very rare movies that can  make a grown man break down and cry.<br />Saying the movie is a baseball movie  is only scratching the surface.  The DVD is a must buy, it has a  documentary on the making of the film (a very insightful hour long one),  and many other features.<br />The best movie of all time gets a stellar DVD  treatment, this is definately a must buy for anyone who dares to dream or  imagine.
0792151712|4.0|This movie was actually pretty good.  Leo is not that good of an actor and he is a poser.  I liked when the boat drowns.  It is very dramatic.  This movie has it's bright spots but can be dull and boring.  It is really long  and is great for rainy days.  It is a good drama.
6305311463|3.0|Usually when A Criterion Collection movie is produced, it's of a classic and important film.  This film is hardly a classic, and I guess it's important only if you count its domestic gross.<br />This movie is fun, but  the story is week.  There are way too many special effects that by the end  of the movie, you are numb to them, and you don't even blink when an  asteriod hits France.  The editing is also too fast, and the camera is too  shakey.<br />This movie will satisfy action fans, but the story is overly  patriotic, and the editing needs valium.
B000020617|3.0|I liked this cd.  It has it's hard rock and it's softer rock moments but it is a good cd.  Learn To Fly is the best song on the album and if you aren't really a Foo Fighters fan I'd consider just buying the cd single.   Breakout is also a good song.  The rest of the songs are just OK.
1555250505|5.0|I think the book has been written very well in plain &amp; simple words. I am not a manager but am microbiologist &amp; I could understand the text. I am trying to aplly the one minute goals in my life.I ind them very  effective.i have a three old at home &amp; with him around I used to keep  forgetting what I wsa suppossed to do but with the one minute goals I can  keep up with my goals at work &amp; at home. The one minute praise has been  really helpful with my son &amp; in improving his behaviour. I still have  to apply the one minute repramends in my day to day life. I feel the book  is not only good for the managers in particular but also for everybody in  general. The simple language &amp; the techniques make it very simple to  understand &amp; practise.
B00000420F|5.0|I own practically all Cecilia Bartoli's Cd's but this one to my mind is still the best.I think what makes this one so special is the beautifully recorded intimacy of the voice-it is certainly one of the best recorded  solo recitals I've heard and to boot Cecilia is in fine form.She also has  none of the habits that seem to have developed later and which have put me  seriously off her-in particular the highly annoying trilling of notes. If  you're looking for a stunning mezzo soprano recital-this is definitely it.
B00000IQBM|5.0|Anyone who's ever seen this movie can't agree that it wasn't at least entertaining. Jack Nicholson plays a very, very creepy caretaker of the Overlook Hotel... who eventually goes insane and tries to kill his wife and  kid. This was as scary as a movie gets. I'd recomend it to anyone.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This CD is total crap. Limp Bizkit are probably the leasttalented band in the world, along with Korn. People who like this typeof &quot;music&quot; (I use the term lightly) are generally trendy 15-year old boys who listen to whatever MTV tells them is cool. Face it, this album isn't exactly packed with great songwriting, as witnessed by song titles such as &quot;Break Stuff&quot; and &quot;Nookie&quot;. <br />As if the songwriting wasn't bad enough, their &quot;instrumental abilities&quot; make it even more clear that they lack anything even approaching talent. Wes Borland is the very definition of a terrible guitar player. His two-chord riffs lack any form of creativity or talent. In fact, I could probably teach them to my 12-year old sister, who has NEVER played guitar. The drumming isn't exactly groundbreaking either. It appears that John Otto never learned to play in any time signatures other than basic 4/4. I'm not even going to discuss DJ Lethal, the turntable-guy, as he is completely worthless. As for the bass player, he's probably the best musician in the band, but that is not saying much. Hey, at least he doesn't suck as bad as Fieldy from Korn.  [Fred Durst]thinks that he's God's gift to rock music, despite the fact that he has no singing ability at all. His rapping &quot;skills&quot; are pathetic as well.<br />Don't waste your money on this crap. This band is the perfect example of what happens when 5 talentless individuals come together and make bad music: MTV and the &quot;phat&quot; youth of America go crazy for it. ::sigh::
0441172717|5.0|Dune is possibly the most imaginative and one of the most original science fiction novels I have ever read.  Never have I seen a universe so completely, lovingly, and interestingly created. Dune contains all the  elements of a medieval adventure seamlessly combined with a plausible  future (well, except maybe the messiah part).  This was (along with  Dandelion Wine) the book that turned me on to science fiction and made me  excited about reading over twenty years ago.  Now the sacrilege: Read Dune,  then stop.  As Frank Herbert should have.  Everything after Dune is, by  comparison, trash.  Dune Messiah seemed like an afterthought.  Children of  Dune was a little better, but then the series got worse from there.  Sometimes the original is so good, there just shouldn't be a sequel.  This  is one of those times.
B000000OXH|5.0|This album is a definite classic.  Asia's first ablum was a bit rougher (although overall they're not a very rough band, period) and this one shows a softer side to them.  Sensitive, sweet, beautiful, yet still with a good  beat and a full sound that drives this album home.  Highlights are the  classics &quot;Don't Cry&quot;, &quot;The Smile Has Left Your Eyes&quot;,  &quot;Open Your Eyes&quot;, and &quot;The Heat Goes On&quot; accompanied by  lesser known but still beautiful &quot;Never In A Million Years&quot;,  &quot;My Own Time&quot;, and &quot;Eye To Eye.&quot;  Heck, I've named  about 75% of the album right there.  Really though, its tough to pick what  stands out because the whole work is a masterpiece.  Pick it up.  This is  only one of three outstanding Asia Albums.
B000000NN1|5.0|This, &quot;China&quot; and the &quot;Bladerunner&quot; soundtrack are probably the three pinnacles of Vangelis's work. And in the manner of the latter two, &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot; offers up music which shifts  through a variety of moods, styles, and evocations, all handled with a  stupendous command of both the studio and the music created therein. The  album's title really sums things up here; Vangelis takes the listener from  both blissful and powerful symphonic visions of heaven, to dark and  foreboding views of hell. Even the Jon &amp; Vangelis collaborative track  here, &quot;So Far Away, So Clear&quot;, really fits well, in my opinion.  But where things really shine is in Part II, where Vangelis shows his  command of both some very tranquil and achingly beautiful music based  around wordless Greek folk vocals, as well as a couple of sections where  his music shows that it can stand up against the likes of avant-gardists  such as Kryzystof Penderecki and George Crumb, both of whose musics bear a  resemblance to parts of this latter half of this album. So, herein you will  find much variety. &quot;New Age&quot;? Uh...bits of it. Pigeonholing this  in that really cheapens it. It's so much more, and so much more complex.
B000002IZM|5.0|Its minor flaws aside, Vangelis' original score dates pretty darn well.  It's one of those rare scores I can flip the switch on and disregard my memories of the film, or choose to relive them.  My only complaint about  this version is some missing minor cues, and that noisy disco track slapped  over the End Titles.  Minor gripes when you consider that the 8:13 version  of &quot;Blade Runner Blues&quot; here is bliss in the form of music. It  will take you awa-a-a-ay. Mary Hopkins' vocalese on &quot;Rachel's  Song&quot; is also quite sublime, and despite all its detractors, I think  the dialogue snippets work pretty well here, especially when Sean Young  utters &quot;Deckard, will you come after me?&quot;  It was, afterall, a  strange love story about a smart robot seducing a jaded man back to his  senses, and this score helps me remember it as such.
630575067X|1.0|I got this movie just to see what all the fuss was about.<br />I am still wondering.<br />This movie isn't just bad, it's horrible.  The special effets are cheesey.  I mean they defy description.  The muppests on Sesame Street  look more realistic than the characters populated in this movie.<br />The  story is icomprehesable.  There is absolutely no suspense.  It's worse-  MUCH WORSE- than a Saturdy Morning cartoon.<br />I hated this movie more than  ever movie I've ever hated before.
6300208591|5.0|I saw this film when I was five and it has haunted me my whole life.  I watch it every couple of years to see who I have become, and how my viewpoint of living has shifted. Any sane soul living quasi-consciously  through the last few decades of unbridled mammonism and pop trash may  likely identify with its semi-impotent protagonist, Marcello Rubini, who  wanders the graytone alleyways of dear old Rome in great suits and sports  cars, sporting sexy ennui. Torn as he is between the Idealized Feminine and  the Matronly Woman - and committed to neither, Marcello finds himself  permanently detached from the eternally-themed scenarios that he watches  unfold in whacked-out tableaux around him (sort of like a day in Los  Angeles, maybe).  Yes, it is a Sweet Life, even as dread and the sense that  &quot;nothing ca n be done&quot; overcomes the best of us.  Add to this  Nino Rota's timeless score; the best costumes ever  splashed across a black  and  white fresco; pregnant dialogue; and, a devastating vignette featuring  the sad and lonely Steiner and the fate of his family in an E.U.R. highrise  apartment complex.  It's three hours of the most penetrating stuff I've  ever seen, yet totally entertaining and charming, and ofttimes very, very  funny.  In a dark way, of course.
0679720200|4.0|Mersault is a &quot;stranger,&quot; identifid as a person who does not feel remorse for anything: He does not cry at his mother's funeral, kills a man, and even shows apathy toward his own death. The most fascinating part,  to me, is the ending where Camus provides a question of &quot;human  justice.&quot; It is individuals who give meaning to what they believe is  important. Yet the society labels what is &quot;right&quot; and  &quot;wrong,&quot; which is often difficult for some people to accept. The  society and its human justice sometimes is what makes the world absurd.  However, we shall never function as a country, as a group, if there were no  rules for us to follow.<br />If you find this book difficult to understand, I  would recommend that you read The Myth of Sisyphus or A Happy Death. As you  continue to read Camus's work, you shall come to understand his quesions,  the questions toward absurd societies, the questions to which Camus  struggled to find answers yet did not find satisfactory ones. <br />Albert  Camus is one of my favorite writers.
0804106304|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is about four families, linked by the &quot;Joy Luck Club&quot; that the mothers are members in, and their transition to life in America.  The focus in this book is on the relationship between a mother  and her daughter, four of them actually, and the culture shock which comes  when neither parties can understand the other's culture.  This leads to  many misunderstandings and problems within the families, including the  daughters' marriages, the mothers'constant push for their children to  excel, and the ultimate reconciliation between the daughters and their  mothers.  Some of the scenes that drove the culture shock theme in were the  differences between the daughters' marriages, which were chosen out of free  will, and the mothers' marriages, which were arranged by their families.    Significant differences are evident between the novel's two groups of  women.  Born in China and veterans of tremendous hardship and tragedy, the  aging mothers daily negotiate the significant events of their current lives  through a minefield of memories of their youth in China, through stories of  the pride and misery that marked their lives before their immigration to  America.  As immigrants, they have had to make significant changes in their  lives; they have been forced to unpack their personal archives of pain and  loss and to reassess their ambitions.  Although outwardly they are well  established in their new lives, the mothers never assimilate entirely; they  never acquire fluent English, never relinquish the rituals and ceremonies  of their pasts, and never forgot their Chinese years.  Their  English-speaking daughters, by contrast, are thoroughly and indelibly  American by birth, by education, and by inclination. their narratives  turning on cross-cultural confusions, generational conflict, and questions  of self and identity.  Driven by resentment as well as fear of maternal  disapproval, the daughters dismiss their mothers as &quot;Old World  fossils&quot;, and they do not attempt to conceal their irritations with  their mothers' stories about life in China.  As the mothers struggle to  imbue their daughters with a sense of Chinese traditions, the daughters in  their turn wrestle with the need to reconcile their American lives and  careers with the impossible and incomprehensible expectations of their  mothers whose values remain rooted in China.  The result is alienation and  finally silence between mothers and daughters, exacerbated by an almost  unbridgeable gulf between generations.  The barriers between the women do  not come down until the daughters learn to listen-truly listen-to their  mothers' stories and begin to come to terms with the links between those  stories and their own lives.   I enjoyed this book when I first read it for  many reasons.  Despite the main characters being females and this book  being more geared towards females, I found parallels between the daughters'  lives and my own by virtue of the similarities in our situations, with all  of us born as first generation Asian-Americans.  The push to excel, and  many other things are constant in their lives as well as mine.     There  are not many similar books to this one, as there are relatively few  minority authors, and that even fewer write about these situations.  A  similar book to The Joy Luck Club is Amy Tan's Hundred Secret Senses.
0152465030|5.0|I read this book as a child, as a high school student, and I still read it even now. The more I read, the more clearly it speaks to my soul and imaginations. <br />&quot;TO LEON WERTH when he was a little boy.&quot; During  the WWII, Saint-Exupery was in the United States, and his best friend  Werth, jewish, was in France where he would be killed by Nazis any moment.  Saint-Exupery was concerned about his friend and wrote The Little Prince as  a message for his friend, as well as for the people who suffered the war.  Beyond this story, there is the author's faith in his frindship: its hope  and its encouragement.<br />As we lose our youth, we also tend to lose vivid  imaginations and innocence. We often fail to notice what is truly important  to our lives. The Little Prince is a beautiful book which helps us  appreciate things around us more and realize that this world is infinitily  hopeful.
0804106304|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is about four families, linked by the &quot;Joy Luck Club&quot; that the mothers are members in, and their transition to life in America.  The focus in this book is on the relationship between a mother  and her daughter, four of them actually, and the culture shock which comes  when neither parties can understand the other's culture.  This leads to  many misunderstandings and problems within the families, including the  daughters' marriages, the mothers'constant push for their children to  excel, and the ultimate reconciliation between the daughters and their  mothers.  Some of the scenes that drove the culture shock theme in were the  differences between the daughters' marriages, which were chosen out of free  will, and the mothers' marriages, which were arranged by their families.    Significant differences are evident between the novel's two groups of  women.  Born in China and veterans of tremendous hardship and tragedy, the  aging mothers daily negotiate the significant events of their current lives  through a minefield of memories of their youth in China, through stories of  the pride and misery that marked their lives before their immigration to  America.  As immigrants, they have had to make significant changes in their  lives; they have been forced to unpack their personal archives of pain and  loss and to reassess their ambitions.  Although outwardly they are well  established in their new lives, the mothers never assimilate entirely; they  never acquire fluent English, never relinquish the rituals and ceremonies  of their pasts, and never forgot their Chinese years.  Their  English-speaking daughters, by contrast, are thoroughly and indelibly  American by birth, by education, and by inclination. their narratives  turning on cross-cultural confusions, generational conflict, and questions  of self and identity.  Driven by resentment as well as fear of maternal  disapproval, the daughters dismiss their mothers as &quot;Old World  fossils&quot;, and they do not attempt to conceal their irritations with  their mothers' stories about life in China.  As the mothers struggle to  imbue their daughters with a sense of Chinese traditions, the daughters in  their turn wrestle with the need to reconcile their American lives and  careers with the impossible and incomprehensible expectations of their  mothers whose values remain rooted in China.  The result is alienation and  finally silence between mothers and daughters, exacerbated by an almost  unbridgeable gulf between generations.  The barriers between the women do  not come down until the daughters learn to listen-truly listen-to their  mothers' stories and begin to come to terms with the links between those  stories and their own lives.   I enjoyed this book when I first read it for  many reasons.  Despite the main characters being females and this book  being more geared towards females, I found parallels between the daughters'  lives and my own by virtue of the similarities in our situations, with all  of us born as first generation Asian-Americans.  The push to excel, and  many other things are constant in their lives as well as mine.     There  are not many similar books to this one, as there are relatively few  minority authors, and that even fewer write about these situations.  A  similar book to The Joy Luck Club is Amy Tan's Hundred Secret Senses.
0380973464|4.0|The beauty of Stephenson's work has always been the depth of research into the subject, and this is no different. Although Cryptonomicon is not sci-fi, i think it will still have enough technical jargon to keep the  cyberfiends interested, with story flashing from a modern day information  storage company to second world war ancestors of these characters. The  second world war stories are based loosely about code breaking (funnily  enough), the effect that it had on the outcome, and also, the lengths that  were gone to to hide the fact that codes had been broken. Stories of  different characters merge and split with gay abandon, leaving you  wondering who will meet up with who next, or who's relative will emerge in  the present day story. To be brief, it is a joy to read. Technical data on  code breaking which could have started to bog the book down, becomes as  easy as 'pooning a cab in Stephenson's agile hands. Don't get me wrong, it  is a different read to his past stuff, but with the promise of more books  in the series (not sequels, just more people with a connection to crypto)  it may be the brink of a new style. If you can get your hands on the  hardback copy you will see that the attention to detail does not even stop  in the narrative, with pages cut to different sizes in order to  artificially age the book. Great story, beautiful book, fantastic author.
0553296981|2.0|This was the W-O-R-S-T book I have ever read.  I found it very childish and boring.  The way that Anne Frank would just go on and on about her problems was really dumb.  I hate this book.  But that's just my opinion.  You'll never know for sure until you read it yourself.
0451526384|5.0|Jane Austen is often noted for her earlier works, namely Pride and Prejudice.  Her later books are sometimes passed up, yet they can prove to be quite an enjoyable read.<br />Anne Elliot, a wealthy, yet amazingly kind  girl, finds herself in love with a penniless gambler who is making his  profession as a sea captain.  He proposes.  She allows her friends to  &quot;persuade&quot; her that this poor captain is not the man for her.  He  leaves, heartbroken, and over time becomes a wealthy man.  He returns eight  years later and Anne realizes that she never quite got over the man who  stole her heart so many years ago.  However, Captain Wentworth seems fairly  content without her.  Her shyness keeps the debonair captain from ever  knowing her true feelings, but like any good Austen novel, the good girl  always wins.  Anne isn't as impetuous as Elizabeth Bennett, but her sweet  nature will keep you rooting for her.  Read and enjoy!
B000002BQK|5.0|It's just great! I love all the songs in this album, especially &quot;My All&quot;. It's the best!
B000001GQB|5.0|Este set de las ultimas sinfonas de Mozart por Karl Bohm, son indiscutiblemente un clsico. Cualquier amante de la obra de Wofgang Amadeus, no pude dejar de tener estas extraordinarias interpretaciones,  bajo la batuta de uno de sus mximos exponentes, el Dr. Karl Bohm.<br />Bohm  hace una lectura, limpia con gran calidez, con un tempo al estilo de la  vieja escuela alemana, para darse una idea de la tremenda musicalidad que  tienen, le sugiero que escuche con mucha atencin el Andante de la 39, OH,  QUE GLORIOSO!<br />La Berliner Philharmoniker, responde muy noblemente, con  ese sonido que nos cautiva plenamente. Cada miendo de la orquesta est en  su mejor forma, escuche con atencin al obosta Lother Koch, creo que fue  el mejor Oboe que cualquier orquesta hubiera tenido.<br />Este lbum le  proporcionara horas de horas de felicidad!
B000002O51|4.0|This was the first I had heard of Boston and I likeed it. I am not a die hard fan but I know what I like. <br />&quot;Amanda&quot; is a great track, I can see why it was popular. I especially like &quot;We're ready&quot; I  think the guitar solos are pretty good in that song. Maybe the guitar is  not a strong as I have heard in some of their previous songs but it is  still memorable. I think it is great how they use various guitars to mimic  a shuttle taking off(it sounds fairly realistic. <br />Overall: When a band  spends 5 years to make a CD that is fairly short, then you know it will  either be great or horrible. Either way you look at it, the band was  satisfied with it and I think they satisfied their fans with this album. If  you like Third Stage consider buying Boston's Greatest Hits for some more  great sound.
6305531374|5.0|Of all the halloween movies made, this one tops 'em all!  It was clever, well written, and, of course, scary!  It kept the gore down just as it did in the previous movies, but made the suspense higher!  The mask was much  better than Halloween 2-6!  They used a variety, but in the end, it looked  much like the original.  Overall, terrific movie!  Now I'm waiting for  HalloweeN: H2K
B000002UZ4|5.0|The Pet Shop boys are a great band and this CD has their greatest hits from their early career. I had only listened to VERY before I got this album. I actually prefer their earlier music, their new songs seem to lack  originality especially some on NIGHTLIFE.<br />&quot;West End Girls&quot; is a  great track, so is &quot;Oppertunites&quot;. &quot;It's  a sin&quot; is  really great(I may bew rong but I think this was their biggest hit). I  could talk about all the other tracks but they are all great. I don't  really think &quot;domino dancing&quot; is so great but hey that's just me.  The two new tracks are great, I can't decide which one I prefer.<br />Overall  some great music that may bring back some great memories for some. If you  are a first time listener you will probably really enjoy this collection of  music from a great band.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Ok, so the band hasn't really broken new ground with this album like it did on its breakthrough album Evil Empire. The lyrics are still very well written, and deserved to have a listen to. Another stand of this album is  the absolutely mesmorizing guitar solos by Tom Morello. This Harvard  educated man can surely wield fire with his ax. If you want to listen to  his great guitars check out the end of Guerrilla Radio, and Sleep Now In  The Fire. <br />Don't just buy this album for Tom Morello's great guitar  acrobatics though, buy it because it conveys a very angry, but very  powerful message to its listeners that deserves a listen to. <br />Although  they don't break a lot of new ground with its political lyrics, it still  deserves to played on your stereo.
B000003TAR|5.0|Well, don't get angry at me, but I am a fairly new Nirvana fan. Yes, I had Nevrmind, who doesn't? But it wasn't until about a year ago that I really got into them.<br />I bought this CD with mixed thoughts. This was nowhere as  popular as Nevermind, what if it is a flop? Well I took that chance. I  bought it, popped it my CD player and listened on. My reaction was quite  different then what I first thgought.<br />I loved it! Here's how everything  goes.<br />Serve The Servents-A very, very good song. For some reason, I got  tired of this song easily. But it is such a good song, with catchy guitar  riffs and a somwhat mellow chorus. The lyrics, well they weren't nonsense!  Kurt uses words such as &quot;angst&quot;! Anyway, I give this song a  4/12<br />Scentless Apprentice-I quickly caught on to this. My first hearing,  I loved the main riff!  I was hooked. Great speaking and whatnot. The  chorus, well the chorus is true grudge. Kurt screaming his head off, making  my ears hurt, but I got used to it. 6 stars.<br />Heart Shaped Box-Classic  Nirvana. What can I say, a more mellow song, getting heavier at the chorus.  A sad song you could say. They used to play this song last at every  concert, rotating with Blew from their first CD &quot;Bleach&quot;. 5  stars.<br />Rape Me-A very good song. I heard this one before  I bought the  CD, it is sorta a clamer song then usual, but an amazing song. Good lyrics  too ;). 5 stars.<br />Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge on Seattle-Nice  name. One of the less-amazing songas on the CD. Those squeaky guitar riffs  get annoying after a while, but hey, it is Nirvana. And a good Nurvana song  indeed. 3 1/2 stars.<br />Dumb-Amazing song. It is a sad song, I think its  about Kurts Depression. A more acoustic style song, ironically picked for  the Acoustic CD &quot;Unplugged&quot;. It brings whills through my body  when I listen to it. 4 stars.<br />Very Ape-A cool song, decent guitars, but I  really like the bass. A pretty fast pacedsong. Another so-so song, but  that isn't neccesarily bad. 4 stars.<br />Milk It-Classic Nirvana. Sounds like  songs from &quot;Bleach&quot;. Pointless lyrics, crazy chorus, great bass,  creepy guitars, everything for a perfect Nirvana song. 6  stars.<br />Pennyroyal Tea-Another acoustic like song. Not so mellow though. A  more uprising song. 4 1/2.<br />Radio Friendly uinit Shifter-Another song with  those annoying squeaky sounds. It is pretty ok other then that. 3  1/2.<br />tourette's-Another crazy, quick song. If you like a short, insane,  high-energy song, you'll like it, like me. 4 1/2.<br />All Apologies-Wow. What  a song! It is such a great acoustic-like song, you will love it. Trust me.  6 stars.<br />Note: I talked about other Cds, even though I said I didn't have  any. But after this Cd, I was so satisfied I bought Unplugged, Bleach, and  ..Wishkah. I need Incesticide though..oh well.<br />Total: 4.71...I'll make it  a 5 and round up. Just to show the exact total..
0767817478|1.0|The level of dialogue never rises above &quot;It's coming this way!&quot; or &quot;Let's get outta here!&quot;.  The interaction between the &quot;guy&quot; and the &quot;girl&quot; is too simple and uninteresting.   The one conflict between the two arose from an incident that was just  begging to be predicted.  The whole movie was just one cliche.
B000002AZ8|5.0|when i bought this cd i bought it for &quot;NOT FOR YOU&quot; which is one of my favorite pearljam songs..a few more listens and i fell in love with &quot;BETTER MAN &quot; and &quot;CORDUROY&quot;.  i listened more and was  amazed at how good &quot;NOTHINGMAN&quot; and &quot;IMMORTALITY&quot;  are..i love them. especially &quot;IMMORTALITY&quot;.  &quot;SPIN THE BLACK  CIRCLE&quot; also rocks out...this is so much different than  &quot;TEN&quot; AND &quot;VS.&quot; after &quot;vs&quot; this is their next  best cd. you are gonna love it if you ignore &quot;stupid  &quot;mop&quot;.BUY IT NOW!
B00003W8NM|5.0|i think the focus of any review of this film should be meat loaf's extremely skilled and realistic acting. i have followed this man's acting career from rocky horror picture show, to roadie, to the mighty, to crazy  in alabama and everything in between. respect for his skills as a performer  and as a stage and film actor should be the mainstay of the perception of  his career. i have so much respect for him that i sat through Motorama just  to view his small part, yet he is so good that i have watched fight club on  numerous occasions. it took a career spanning from films such as roadie to  gain the respect he deserves as a serious actor. the first time i thought  of him not as meat loaf but as the character he portrayed was in crazy in  alabama, not because he portrays himself as nothing but a genius musical  performer, but because of the parts he had played prior to the movie. this  movie brought him into the respectable world of filmaking and launched his  budding but arduous acting career. fight club was a fantastic and  intelligent movie whose casting directors had the brain to cast this  extraordinary actor in a part that allowed him to showcase his abilities.  KEEP ROCKIN' Meat Loaf!
B0000021RB|5.0|I walked in and looked at the screen and saw what my daughter (19) was looking at. I said, &quot;You gonna buy that? I have it on LP from High School!&quot;  Robert Lamm and Terry Kath were awesome together!  Being a  t-bone player in H.S. band, James Pankow, however, was my hero. His smooth  slide action mellowed the edge on the rock beat. I have'nt bought anything  Chicago has recorded since the seventh album.  Too commercial.  Dear God,  get me some insulin!
B00000JCB2|4.0|How could people say they sold out. This CD has 2 singles that are soft songs (N2 gether now, re-arranged). The others, Nookie, and Break Stuff are harder than &quot;sour&quot; and parts of &quot;Faith&quot;. So what if  Fred Durst raps, he did lots of rappin in three $ bill y'all too.  Enough  about selling out, I need to get to whats good about this cd. The good Bass  riffs are great, and they do use a lot of bass. Re-arranged and Im Broke  are great examples of Sams skills. Wes has a good second try at guitar. Me  bieng a guitar player too, I enjoyed the riffs to songs like Nookie, Break  Stuff, and Nobody Like you. John Otto did a good job as a drummer, but  David Silveria and Chris from SLipknot do a better job than John. Overall,  this has interesting songs. The most Interesting song is N2 gether now  featuring Method Man. I know the whole song by heart, but i dont know what  the heck the song means! If you like hard metal rapping, or rock, get this  cd to add to your collection
0446677450|5.0|I think this book is a very good starting place.  It doesn't give very detailed info, but you should read it to get a foundation.  The next book CASHFLOW Quadrant gets more detailed, then the last book Rich Dad's Guide  to Investing (coming out soon - spring 2000) is even more detailed he says.  So I recommend it for a starting place.
630575067X|3.0|The Phantom Menace was over-anticipated. The movie itself has no relationships shown between characters, and by the end of the movie you forget some characters even existed (like Shmi Skywalker, or one of the  podracers). <br />The other movies were well-paced and had a gripping  storyline. This one focused more on CG, special effects, and overall, the  tough job of trying to live up to its expectation. It had no storyline  whatsoever.<br />Again, if you're looking for a good movie, try A New Hope  instead.
B0000027RL|5.0|Eddie Vedder and crew hit it big with this gem of a grunge album.  This is their best CD to date but Vs is quite good as well.  &quot;Jeremy&quot; is perhaps their most memorable song and it is really cool but that is just  the beginning.  &quot;Alive&quot;, &quot;Why Go&quot;, &quot;Porch&quot;,  &quot;Once&quot;, &quot;Even Flow&quot;, and &quot;Black&quot; are also  great tracks.  If you are a modern rock fan, this album is defintily a must  have. It is simply grunge at its best.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This CD is a must buy. I heard Surfacing at a friend's place and thought she was good. So i decided to buy Mirror Ball, and ever since i bought it, i havent stopped listening to it. Its amazing, she's amazing, Sarah really  gets in touch with her inner self while singing. She sings with her  heart,soul and body. Her voice is soothing and peaceful, and her lyrics  could touch you in a way nothing has before. If your into Tori Amos,  Natalie Merchant and Jann Arden then your gonna certainly love this album!
B000002UJQ|5.0|&quot;OK COMPUTER&quot; to put it simply, deals with modern day society. As ROllingStone said, it reveals the terror, boredom, and agony of today's world. And it does a superb job of it, tapping into emotions and desires  buried in our own denials. <br />  &quot;No Surprises&quot; reads like a  poison lullabye--describing the horror of routine. &quot;Exit Music&quot;  sounds like a hopeless ode to escaping home life. &quot;Let Down&quot; is a  beautiful ballad to all of us who are losers at one point in our lives.  &quot;The Tourist&quot; closes the album on a more positive note, painting  a placid picture of modern day life in your head.<br />  I bought this album  and listened to it incessantly in 1998. Everytime I listen to it, it still  takes me back, and transports me forward. It is truly a beautiful album--a  work of art to be treasured for decades to come.
B00002MZ12|4.0|I was never much a fan of Alanis's music, im not sure exactly why.Maybe because she 'bares all' and i just cant deal with that, or maybe cause i dont like her looks. I bought this CD cause one of my friends asked me to  get it for her. So on a boring night i decided to listen to it and  well...to cut to the chase, i was really impressed by her that i went and  got a copy for myself the next day. I always liked singers who wrote their  own music cause it gives their lyrics a sense of reality, and im amazed at  Alannis. She shares so much of her life with her fans, and many of us could  relate to a couple of songs from her album. Now i appreciate Alannis better  cause i actually sit and listen to her music rather than leaving it to play  in the background while im busy doing one thing or the other.
B00000K2SC|1.0|Boring until about the last half-hour or so. Horrible special effects.I would rather stare at the wall for 2 hours.This movie is also extremely  overlong.Keanu Reeves must be the worst actor of  all-time,he has  absolutely no emotion at all. Avoid this one at all costs.
0783113943|5.0|I first learnt about Gia when I flipped on the tv console after a long day (yeah, life is such!) and was immediately caught up about the frequent mention of this supermodel who I hadn't the faintest idea of (knew most of  the supermodels of this and the past era). Surfing the net brought me to  &quot;Thing of Beauty&quot; and I was hooked on getting the video. The  performances of the main casts were captivating. I felt myself  transitioning from enjoying Angelina Jolie's performance of a smart street  kid, to the wonders of an 'insight' as such to the world of fashion and  decadence, to the wonderment of her boldness in courting, the eroticism of  the lesbian scene, and the pains of her insecurity, to the final sadness  when Gia realized so much too late. All this even though I read the book  prior to the movie. If nothing else, one would learn the true appreciation  of the education of HIV today to the general population. It feels good to  see Gia immortalised in print and movie...
6305807086|3.0|Quite honestly, it was a letdown.  I am a huge Malkovich fan, his acting was awesome.  Flawless infact, but the storyline was just a little, well boring.  It sounds like a great idea, and it was entertaining, just not  nearly to the extent that I thought it would be. The film was over-hyped I  think which led to my disappointment.  Bottom line, it was a very  interesting idea, but lacked...something.
1573227978|4.0|Alex Garland writes with insight and irony as well as humour. His characters are excellently drawn, and many have characteristics that remind me of people I know. His description of Thailand is vivid and artistic--enough so to make my best friend book a plane ticket for Bangkok after reading this!<br />The story itself seems to be a bright narrative of life in paradise, until Nature and human nature conspire against it. This novel is an insightful exploration into the darker parts of the human soul. At times I felt almost sick while I read this book, but at other times I felt a tremendous joy, both at having discovered such a well-written book, and at the events, characters, and setting of the story.<br />I watched the movie without knowing it was based on a book, and I admire Leo's performance. Richard's character is intricate and to some extent mysterious, and it must have been a difficult undertaking to become him for the screen.<br />I highly recommend this book, even to people who didn't like Lord of the Flies (I happen to be one of those people).
B00000JGEO|3.0|This is film is probably one of Arnold Schwarzenegger's best movies. The action and the comedy walk hand in hand with very good results (This is the only time that I've ever seen Tom Arnold actually being funny).<br />The story  has Harry Tasker (Arnold) as a secret agent, who his family thinks is a  computer salesman, who has to stop a psycho terrorist from blowing up  Miami. And all the while, has to try saving his corroding relationship with  his wife Helen (Jamie Lee Curtis) and his daughter Dana (Eliza  Dusku).<br />The action sequences are really exhilarating to watch and  director James Cameron knows how to combine an entertaining story with cool  action.<br />I tell you, with such a cool movie, this one's a keeper.
B000002MY3|5.0|This is a very good album. I've been spinning it for years now. Very good lyrics, although explicit at sometime (but that's why their good in the first place!). Incredible voice that matches the lyrics, and the spirit of  the songs. 5 stars!
B00003CXDV|4.0|I'm not a great Star Trek fan.  If, however, you've ever watched a Star Trek episodes or an Alien movie, Galaxie Quest will make you laugh. This movie takes a light-hearted approach to itself while maintaining the  semblance of a plot.  Watch this one with the family.  It's good-hearted  fun.
B000003BF1|5.0|This is the second of four stellar Stones albums (Beggar's Banquet, Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers, and then Exile on Main Street), that progressively got bettter with each one.  Let It Bleed is the most diverse, transitional  album of the Stones.  Gimme Shelter, Midnight Rambler and Let It Bleed (the  title track) transport the listener to different places and times.  While  the song You Can't Always Get What You Want is a popular favorite, even the  often forgotten Monkey Man is haunting though the intro dates it.  Country  Honk is hilarious--listen to this album in your home the first time, or you  might slam on your breaks.
6303109950|4.0|I hesitated to see this movie for two big reasons: Kurt Russell as Wyatt Earp and Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday. VAL KILMER?  However, since I do so love westerns my curiosity got the better of me. I'm glad I did. Both  actors brought the characters to life, both their good and bad sides.  Kilmer did something I never though he could do: Make me forget who was  playing the part. His protrayal of Holliday is well done and  mesmorizing.<br />Tombstone starts as Wyatt Earp is arriving in town and  immediately starts to build on the feud that develops between the Earps and  the &quot;Cowboys&quot; (the Clantons, Johnny Ringo, etc). Although the  story is engrossing, and action driven, it also is a little light on  historical fact. As with most &quot;OK Corral&quot; films, the film weighs  heavily on the Earps as the good guys and the Clantons as the bad. In  reality, the situation was nothing more than a power struggle between two  groups for control of Tombstone. Also, while there is some sexual tenson  between Wyatt and Josephine, the film portrays the relationship as benign  until the end, in reality the relationship took off, by most historical  accounts, well before Wyatt's wife leaves and eventually dies of a drug  overdose. But also certain scenes are very well grounded in history. The  gunfight at the OK Corral in this movie is well scripted to what is  considered the true version. Short and violent. Also Wyatt's reign of  terror after his brothers are shot, and he starts to take his revenge is  close to the actual events, although still to heavy on him as &quot;the  good guy&quot;.<br />As Westerns go though, Tombstone is fun and a watchable  romp. As OK Corrall films go, probably Burt Lancaster's &quot;Gunfight at  the OK Corral&quot; is better (although even less historical), &quot;Hour  of the Gun&quot; with James Garner is grittier and darker (probably the  closest to Wyatt's true temperment), and &quot;My Darling Clementine&quot;  with Henry Fonda probably the best of all. Don't hesitate to watch and  enjoy this film. If you like westerns you won't be disappointed.e best of all. Don't hesitate to watch and  enjoy this film. If you like westerns you won't be disappointed.
6305718954|4.0|SPOILER WARNING:  This comment contains specific references to plot elements that reveal the ending.  It is strongly recommended that you see the film before reading this review.<br />`Stigmata' uses as its premise the  actual existence of the gospel of Thomas, a gospel taken from a scroll  found in 1945, and condemned by the Catholic Church as heresy.  This gospel  gives essentially the same message as the gospel in the film, that the  kingdom of God is of this earth and it is not about heaven, churches or  religion.  But clearly, the gospel in the film is not Thomas, despite the  allusion at the end of the film.  Thomas was written in Greek not Aramaic,  and has been dated by scholars to the second century, hardly  contemporaneous with Jesus.  The film is a highly contrived fictional yarn  that imaginatively invents a scroll of Jesus' words and then takes the  religious mythos of stigmata and combines it with the mythos of possession  (in ways not consistent with either) as a device to reveal the plot of the  Church to keep the gospel a secret.  <br />We are asked to believe that an  atheist gets stigmata (no such event has ever been reported) as the result  of possession by the spirit of a dead human whom she never knew (this is  the purview of the devil; human spirits are not thought to possess living  beings) because she touched his rosary beads (also touched by her mother,  the boy who sold them to her and Father Kiernan without effect).  Ok, I  guess that's what fantasy films are supposed to do, conjure improbable  situations out of the imagination.  Still, it takes liberties that distort  and misrepresent religious beliefs, which is always risky business.  While  watching this film, I had to pretend I didn't know what I know.  Once over  this hurdle, it was an fascinating, engaging and frightening story.<br />There  are other strange inconsistencies and unanswered questions though.  Father  Alameida was a good and pious man.  Yet he possesses Frankie with anevil  vengeance and attempts to use Frankie to sexually seduce Kiernan, beating  him from pillar to post when he doesn't consent.  That's just not  consistent with who Alameida was.  Also, why was Frankie strong enough to  throw Kiernan around the room like a rag doll, but helpless to stop  Cardinal Houseman from choking her?  And what was all the dripping water  about?  If that was explained somewhere, I must have missed it.   <br />Comparisons between this and `The Exorcist' are misplaced.  They really  had nothing in common other than the fact that the main character was  possessed.  There is one scene during the rage following Frankie's  seduction attempt of Kiernan that had obvious elements of comparison but  that was about it.  This was not an exorcism and the devil was nowhere to  be found.<br />From a filmmaking standpoint, this film was terrific.  Rupert  Wainwright does a marvelous job from start to finish with this film.  The  photography was fantastic.  The use of the camera perspectives, scene set  up and various techniques including slow motion, double exposures, rapid  fire jump cuts and reverse slow motion were all fabulous (though sometimes  used to excess) and added power and impact to create some very scary  footage.  I've read complaints about the sound, but the sound on the DVD  copy I had was great with excellent surround effects.  It was a bit loud at  times but not so much that I had to ride shotgun on the volume  control.<br />This was a marvelous breakthrough performance for Patricia  Arquette.  When she was in Frankie mode she was sometimes arrogant and self  centered, and at others sweet, helpless and terrified.  When in possession  mode she was powerful and frightening.  She handled all these states  believably and with aplomb.<br />Gabriel Byrne also gave a wonderful  performance as Father Kiernan.  He achieved just the right balance between  intellectual skepticism and self doubt with a genuine concern for  Frankie.<br />Overall, I really enjoyed this film.  Yes, the story was flawed,  but not irretrievably.  As a supernatural thriller it was first rate.  I  rated it an 8/10.  Not for the squeamish.
B00000DBXL|5.0|This CD is kind of weird. You see I listen to mostly rapcore and funk metal, and I can't stand this at home. But when I'm driving out somewhere in the desert and it's almost dark, but you have the sunset, this is  perfect. Let Me Go has to be one of my alltime favorite songs, and this  helps boost Cake up with The Red Hot Chili Peppers' Californication and Fu  Manchu's Action is Go for the top spots in my car CD player. Other good  songs are Never There, Mexico, Alpha Beta Parking Lot, and Satan is My  Motor. Prolonging the Magic has a very odd vibe to it, I describe it as  Alternative-Country-Goth-Folk-Stoner-Jazz-Pop and whatever else is thrown  in to the mix. Like I said, this is listened to perfectly when you're  somewhere in the southwest, preferrably southern California or Arizona,  driving in a convertible right before sunset, blasting Let Me Go. Picture  the &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; video.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Intriguing? Yes. Engaging? Definately. Entertaining? Well,...that's a bit tougher to answer. If &quot;Reservoir Dogs&quot; was a bit too violent for your taste, or parts of &quot;Seven&quot; caused you to lose some sleep,  then you probably will want to pass on this one.  However, if these films  were among the first DVD's you purchased, then I definately recommend  checking this movie out! Edward Norton and Brad Pitt are equally  spectacular, punching their way through an intricately weaved storyline  that's packed with gritty texture and breathtaking visuals.  Definitely a  testament to the enormous talent of director David Fincher. <br />The  unconventional structure is a bit difficult to follow, so don't be  surprised if you find yourself watching it a second time.<br />Oh, and if you  haven't seen David Fincher's previous film &quot;The Game&quot;, do  yourself a favor and check that one out first.  Flawless!
B0000067L4|4.0|Goodbye is generally agreed upon as the weakest of Cream's albums, but it is still very, very good. The live tracks, as stated before, are phenomenal. My personal favorite is 'Sitting on Top of the World'.  Clapton's blues guitar is mind-blowing on this one. The studio tracks are  also great. 'Badge', one of Cream's very best songs is here, of course. I  do not agree with the other reviewers that the final two studio tracks are  'weak'. They're not up to the level of 'Badge' certainly, but they're still  really good. I like 'Doing That Scrapyard Thing' a lot. It's a catchy tune  with nice lyrics which sounds rather like the Beatles, I think. 'What a  Bringdown' is also a fine song by Ginger with great vocals and guitar by  Clapton.<br />I give Goodbye four and a half stars instead of five only  because I know that Cream was capable of much more than a short, six-track  album with only three new studio cuts. If the album had featured more new  original songs to fill it out more, that would have helped. This is  apparently, however, the best that Cream could manage in the time around  their breakup, but still it's pretty darn good.
0446386898|3.0|Moore is a good writer but not a genius. Of course, a common comic reader (from DC or Marvel) has got reasons for being surprised. However, who reads Pratt's, Moebius or Oestergeld's works knows better plots and the finest  drawings in the history of comic genre. Bad modern habit: to ignore the  past art and to overvalue recent.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I actually expected the Lauryn Hill album to be more of a rap album, considering her work with the Fugees. But it turned out that not only can she rap, she can sing, write, produce, and make one of the best albums I  own. Some songs I didn't like at first, but I love almost every tune on the  disc. Despite what I've heard, I think &quot;Lost Ones&quot; is my favorite  (if she was battling Wyclef there, I think she won, even though his  &quot;Carnival&quot; album was pretty good&quot;) She makes Mary J. Blige  and D'Angelo sound at the top of their game on &quot;I Used to Love  Him&quot; and &quot;Nothing Even Matters.&quot; And be sure to listen to  the end. Actually my CD contains an acoustic Biblical riff called  &quot;Tell Him&quot; at the end, so I'm not sure about the Amazon track  listing. But yeah, if you don't already have this, you should go buy. Sure  as hell beats the frickin' &quot;Thong Song&quot; or &quot;No Scrubs.&quot;
6300214753|5.0|I just wanted to say I have seen the movie a million times, and I never get sick of it. I love the cool music and the way the movie was just so 80's! If you haven't seen Ferris, you haven't lived.
B00000J7J4|1.0|The songs on this CD are all very repetitive. The lyreics are repeated over and over and each song sounds the same. The small amount of good touch in these songs are produced and prformed by other. This is the worst  Santana CD I have heard. I would expect more from Carlos. Fans of Santana  don't buy this or you won't be a fan for much longer.
B000002N2Z|5.0|Hey you cant consider yourself a fan of metal and not own this CD. This is the one metal CD in everyone's collection. I'm not saying to conform, but this is an amazing CD. The deftones are able to prove they have talent and  are known by many people all over the world without the overpublication as  seen with bands like Limp Bizkit, Korn, Orgy, and Kid Rock. Nosebleed,  Root, 7 Words, Fireal, and Engine No. 9 are classics. They are some of the  greatest metal songs ever written. I strongly recommend this CD, Around The  Fur, or snot's &quot;Get Some&quot;. But if you can only get one, get  Adrenaline. YOu will definitely not be dissappointed by Chino Moreno's  angelic voice bursting into angry screaming from the top of his withering  lungs, stephen carpenter's heavy hardcore guitar riffs, chi's sick-sounding  low end, and the drums from one of the best drummers out there. It sounds  like he is using a double bass pedal, but he really has a fast foot.
0684865130|5.0|Alright....books are subjective, but you can't deny the power behind this hilarious, satirical and deeply moving masterpiece. Never before has the pretzel logic of characters like these been used so effectively to explain  the horrors of war. The same idea is presented over and over(the notion of  Catch-22) and it never gets tired. It is so entertaining and so moving that  you, like me, may return to the first page right after you finish.
B000002BQK|5.0|This is one of Mariah's best albums ever, and it is truly beatiful. If you don't like hip hop, the only real hip-hoppy songs are Honey, The Roof, and Babydoll. A lot of the songs I can relate to, like Butterfly, Close My  Eyes, and Outside, which are very beatiful songs. I think every track on  this album should of become a single, and in this album, her videos get  better. Honey and Breakdown were really cool videos, and her slow songs  aren't depressing like the ones on her previous albums. Without this album  I think Mariah Carey wouldn't be as good as she is today. In fact, the  whole album is different ways of music. You have the slow songs (Butterfly,  My All, Close My Eyes, Outside,The Beatiful Ones f/ Prince and Whenever You  Call duet w/ Brian McKnight), The hip hop songs (Honey, The Roof, Babydoll,  and Breakdown), and the type of songs that a lot of Mariah Carey Fans seem  to hate! : Fourth Of July, which is simular to Underneath The Stars and Fly  Away (Butterfly Reprise) which is way much better than the Fantasy  Interlude. The whole cd creates
B000002H97|5.0|This album is probably Metallica's best album.  Enter Sandman is virtually a classic.  Nothing Else Matters proves that Metallica can not only play headbanging music, but other styles as well.  All the other songs also have  their strong points, but I like to keep these short.  As for this CD, I got  two words for ya...BUY IT!
630027120X|5.0|Wow.<br />No movie has ever drawn me into so much spiritual introspection as this one.<br />The fundamental question is not politics, as would seem the superficial plot. It is about Man and God.<br />It is about how we react to  adversity, to violence against ourselves, against those we love. It is  about what should be protected, and to what point do we protect what we  love. Who do we obey?<br />DeNiro struggles with a troubled past for which he  wants to amend, and Irons' has a myriad of problems thrown at him due to  political and strategic concerns. Who owns what land and what will happen  to the converts who live on the fort/mission on this land?<br />I've seen this  movie around 15 times. Each time I'm compelled to review my faith in  Christ... or at least how I live it in the light of the outside world. It  has made for great discussion with friends and other Christians --&gt; Am I  more like Deniro, or like Irons' characters? What would I have done in the  conflicts they endure? Who was right... before Man? Before God?
0783242808|5.0|I'm glad to see that the late 90's revived the 80's tradition of &quot;high-schooler comedies&quot;.  You know them as &quot;Ferris Bueller&quot;, &quot;Better Off Dead&quot;, &quot;Wierd Science&quot;, and  so forth.  &quot;American Pie&quot; is the leader of the revival thus  far.<br />I laughed through this whole movie.  It's amazing how creative and  funny it is.  I mean, OF COURSE the plot is derivitive, but the humor is  not!  The cast is fresh and talented.  There are some truly priceless  moments.  It's one of those movies where every scene is funny or  interesting.  It's also pretty damn close to what kids act like in high  school.<br />I recommend it to just about everyone in their mid teens and up  (believe me, moms, it's nothing they haven't seen or heard before).   Children of the 80's will enjoy comparing it to that era's lost genre.   Everyone will laugh.<br />Shannon Elizabeth is my daily inspiration.
B000002AVF|3.0|I was kinda dissapointed when I purchased Daydream, because most of the songs were kind of boring. The whole cd was kinda mixed up. You have Fantasy, which begins her hip hop debut, and then One Sweet Day, which is  ok, Underneath the Stars reminds me of her Fourth of July song on her  Butterfly album, but other than that, the rest of the songs sound WAY  messed up. Forever sounds like 60's crap, Long Ago is so hip-hop it's  horrendous, and Looking In is very depressing for the last song on the cd.  The Interlude, however, I kinda liked and hated. It's starts out REALLY  strange but then gets better and better, but the Butterfy Interlude on her  next album is way much better.
B00000JCB2|4.0|...limp bizkit's second album is nothing short of commericalism and fame corrupting the music of a band with much more potential.  <br />the album overall is not bad.  actually it is far from it, but it could have been  better.  typical rapcore, limp bizkit fusion with a little lack of energy  that was there in the debut, a touch of tool, guest spots by Korn's Davis,  STP, and Method Man.  <br />limp's first release, Three Dollar Bill, Y'All, is  still the better of the two releases and i recommend that one over  'Significant Other.'  But i still recommend this album too, just not  highly.
B00000J7JO|4.0|As a 12-year-old kid, I enjoy this CD very much. It includes several of the popular songs that are being played on the radio today, and a lot of the songs on the disc that are not broadcasted on the radio are  surprisingly good. But some of the lesser-known songs have a little too  much of the group's original funk in them. Despite that little detail, the  CD is an overall success.
6304578482|5.0|Hello!Im Trey Austin!The first time i watched Rom and Michele's High-school Reuion was Friday may 12,2000!I Then relized what i missed over the past 3 years!This comedy abont two SEXY women who was nothing in  high-School now they was still nothing!They look SEXY after High-School  but,they had no jobs,men,and they have lived with each other  for the past  10 years!I ugesst all u people who love comedys to rent or buy this  Hillaries Comedy!
B00000JSJC|4.0|Most of the negative reviews of this film have centered on brutality of certain scenes, and less than ennobling characters who (in some minds, at least) represent disrespect to an entire race or gender.  This film has  some unforgiving scenes, particularly one horrific rape scene that ends in  strangulation.  If you think of a society as a perfect mime of all bad  things that occur in films, then you might well be disgusted.<br />I  don't.<br />Many stock characterizations are used to great effect in this  film, since film-noir essentially repackages the same feeling of mystery  and danger every time.  Ralph Fiennes plays a former vice cop turned  pusher, and what he markets is the recorded memories of street life and sex  - i.e. the stuff that the middle class wants without the risk of offending  the law or their popularly held ethics.  With all down-on-their-luck  detectives, it's the personal relationships that provide the drama once  things begin to turn dark.  Angela Bassett and Juliette Lewis are the women  in his life, the former being the one who wants him in spite of himself and  the one who he wants without the faintest glimmer of love returned.<br />It's  an excellent mystery, and it never failed to keep me wondering about the  resolution - which is what makes mystery entertaining.  Never doubt that  you are watching a film about people who regularly perform criminal acts,  attempting to solve a mystery with which the police cannot be bothered.  It's not a pretty or conventionally moral world that this film depicts, and  the fact that it almost exists already adds to its impact  tremendously.<br />Restrain judgment until you can appreciate the wondrous  sleaziness and imaginative use of noir conventions.  It's suspenseful, hits  hard and ends better than the plot usually plays in reality.
0684847248|4.0|Of the many paths there are of spiritual growth, author, Scott Peck, (psychiatrist) focuses the reader mostly on the values of discipline, genuine love and the miraculous assistance of grace.  These are the major  themes that make up his ambitious message; much told from his experience as  a psychiatrist. All this makes for thoughtful reading for those who need to  be reminded of the basic virtues that love and discipline would offer in  developing meaningful relations with the self and others.  Love, discipline  and grace--so elemental, so over-looked and so misunderstood, but not in  The Road Less Travelled.    Peck takes great pains in defining his own  terms for clarity of reading. It surely appears as though he has carefully  arrived at his definitions through much humble introspection and studied  observations of others--being at once insightful, yet scientific.      To  bring more substance to his discussion of love, he props his definitions  against the common misconceptions of love, thusly exposing its fraudulent  forms.  To illustrate, he defines love as, \\"The will to extend one's  self for the purpose of nurturing one's own or another's spiritual  growth.\\"  Additionally, \\"Falling in love, is not an extension of  one's limits or boundaries; it is a partial and temporary collapse of  them.\\"   Other notable quotes: \\"Without discipline we can solve  nothing.\\"  \\"God wants us to become Himself (or Herself or  Itself).\\" And, \\"Evil people resist the awareness of their own  condition.\\" These are challenges to the reader.    But perhaps you may  take objection to the following quotes: \\"Move out or grow in any  dimension and pain as well as joy will be your reward. A full life will be  full of pain.\\"  \\"I have stated that discipline is the basic set  of tools we require to solve life's problems. It will become clear that  these tools are techniques of suffering... .\\"  \\"One measure--and  perhaps the best measure--of a person's greatness is the capacity for  suffering.\\" Unequivocally here, a belief in the necessity of  pain.    Despite his attitude that suffering is on the path to joy, the book  (copyright 1979) went on to be a national best-seller for four years.   Clarity and readability are the strengths of this book, with many chapters  focused on examining and changing behavior.  To that end this is a valuable  book.  But for those looking to work with more esoteric ideas, this is not  likely to be a redeeming resource as it only scratches the esoteric  surfaces, albeit quite energetically.  An intelligently written book of  great care and precision from a memorable author/psychiatrist who surely  walks the road less travelled.  A very good primer for those beginning  their own path.
6305903182|5.0|Ok so the brilliant Kevin Williamson did not write the screenplay.  Ehren Krueger, (love that irony) did an excellent job keeping the audious spirit of its predessors alive.  He realized what would would have been too cliche  if done a 3RD time and changed it.  i.e. that manipulating voice  changer/recorder.  That was a stroke of genious.  Speaking of genious, most  fans of the previous films will notice the great subtlties eluding to the  first 2 littered throughout the picture.  The only flaw, minor as it may  be, is the lack of sidney's presense.  Her character is not as solid as  before, but what screen time she has is excellent.  Especially when she  comes face to face with the scream 3 set made to resemble her original  house! It all came full circle into an ending you have to see to believe!   A must have for genre mockers near and farAND THAT'S OFFICIAL..
B000002KHY|5.0|I am 20 years old.  This isn't the type of music that most guys my age listen to, but I must say that since I was a little boy, there has been a part of me that just tingles with the warmest chills every time I hear  &quot;You've Got A Friend.&quot;  In fact, I have played that song to many  of my friends over the phone when they were &quot;down and troubled and  needed a helping hand,&quot; and it just has an ever-lasting affect on the  soul.  No other artist has ever touched me like James has in &quot;Fire and  Rain&quot; and &quot;Something in the way She Moves.&quot; I guess it is  just like that first kiss in childhood, or when you first learn to ride a  bike.  It is such a great feeling of harmony and peace.  I love this CD  because it just sums up all of his great early stuff onto one awesome CD  that is a must for every collection, no matter how old or young.
B00004SU5J|5.0|This is a really good c.d. the jazz is innovative and very different than what a lot of things are.
076783819X|5.0|When I first saw this movie in the theater I left feeling like my entire life had been ripped apart.  My friends and I just kept walking around asking each other if we really had just seen the movie we'd just seen it  was that amazing.  Most of our reaction had to do with certain twists in  the plot which I don't want to reveal here, so I will concentrate more on  other aspects of the film.<br />One of my other friends has complained that  this movie is slow-moving, and that may very well be true but I find that  the reason it may seem that way at times is due to the highly intricate  character development that goes on during the movie.  I normally like Tim  Robbins and I think he was even more stupendous in this movie than usual.  The work of Jeff Bridges was beyond anything I have seen him do in the  past.<br />Overall I think this is a great movie with a highly inventive and  original plot.  The actors are quite good in their roles, and it has the  perfect combination of edginess and suspense.  Truly a unique movie.
0780020685|5.0|The other reviews can tell you about the movie, but I'd like to add a reason for owning it on DVD. The audio commentary track by Michael Jeck makes it worth owning even if you have this classic film on VHS. Although he's not the most exciting or engaging speaker, his knowledge of Japanese cinema and the people involved in the production make it worth a few listens. If you're a Kurosawa or Mifune buff there are plenty of titles to get you started on a good collection. If you want to broaden your collection to include other Japanese actors and directors Jeck's commentary will point you to other fine films. Jeck highlights the careers of almost every supporting actor, including a few that just walk by in a single shot. Also, many of the stories about the production and about the careers of Kurosawa and Mifune are delightful. Jeck even has stories about members of the supporting cast. Commentary tracks have become fairly standard on DVD now, but not all are particularly useful, informative, or entertaining. This commentary is all three, and it alone makes it worth adding the DVD to your collection even if you already own it on video. If you don't own it on video, by all means order it immediately. Anyone who buys videos should have this classic on her shelf.
6305428298|5.0|Ah, this is just fantastic. Not just for Jane Horrocks who gives a mind-blowing performance as LV, an autistic reclusive girl who sings along to her father's old records - and impersonates Shirley Bassey, Marilyn  Monroe and Patsy Kline et al . . . brilliantly! Michael Caine, whose movie  career was almost destroyed by turkeys such as ON DEADLY GROUND and THE  HAND is also superb as a showbiz agent who hears LV singing her heart out  and tries all he can to use her to make money for himself, including having  an affair with her loud-mouthed, obnoxious mother who makes LV's life hell.  When Horrocks is singing on stage, this is the movie's best moment! Ewan  McGregor also appears as a telephone engineer who shows a personal interest  in LV. This is not the type of movie I normally watch, but when I sat down  with my wife to see it, it grabbed my attention and never let me go. But a  lot of recent British movies like this one have been well worth seeing.  Check out LOVE HONOUR AND OBEY too if you liked this, as its karaoke scenes  send up Jane Horrocks's stage acts well! Very hard to fault!
B000002OG8|5.0|This album is a &quot;must listen&quot; for all lovers of great 70's guitar rock.  For those who have never listened to Wishbone Ash, these guys put the &quot;class&quot; in classic rock.  Your ears will love it.
6302424887|5.0|This movie &quot;turned me on&quot; to Polanski.  The story  (by Will somebody) is fascinating, twisting, and, of course, ironic.  But the biggest shocker is that the story is so well done and such an interesting  story, you do almost forget it is Shakespear's language, almost as if  Shakespear had collaborated on the movie in modern times.  Brings  Shakespear's story to life as no other Shakespear play has ever been in any  film version I have seen.  Incredible realism and atmosphere. A favorite  movie!
B00000JPH4|4.0|The reason i loved this film was for its simple mythos. It had a very interesting history at its core, but one to which we earth folk can relate: the struggle of the meek against the oppressor. It is a classic tale  re-told on a planet whose life-force has been tragically torn apart  centuries ago. This schism resulted in two kinds of beings, one shallow and  power-hungry, the other gentle and wise. With the former in control of  whatever lay in their vision, the wise people live far from away, where  they have conscientiously raised a special boy to fulfill a prophesy of  world-restoration. Themes like this have been seen throughout our hstory  and the &quot;history&quot; of this film is a very sharp and interesting  protrayal of an age-old idea. I highly recommend it. The story is tight,  the effects provoking and realistic, and the mythos deep.
B000007SPT|4.0|TMC really captures the new wave eightees sound with this album. My sister, dressed in black in those days, used to play this album to death, which was why I pretended to not like it, while in reality I secretly recorded her album on cassette to play it on pirate-radio and in clubs myself. Looking back I'm convinced that TMC (and Cocteau Twins singer Liz Fraser in particular) took down many barriers that existed between 'alternative' and other genres. At the end of DANCE club-nights I could easily get away with playing Song To The Siren, and I still recall that as being a VERY exceptional experience back in 84 and 85. I could not only feel shivers down my own spine, but saw it happening to the crowd as well. Almost each track of this album is comforting to listen to when in sorrow, this is music you'll feel, no matter what your age is or where you come from.<br />I have always remembered the cleanliness of this album, but it would have gotten 5 stars from me if it didn't have those very few technical engineering's imperfections (but you have to be really into that to let them bother you).<br />Probably the most important thing about It'll End In Tears is that to me it's still getting better everytime I play it, and music that doesn't bore me is rare. I totally love this album.
076783819X|2.0|One method for judging movies is to consider whether some aspect stays with you, a character, a plot event, a mood, a place.  All of the great movies have &quot;staying power&quot; that way.  You keep thinking about  them in the days after. Then there are the movies at the other end of the  spectrum--you can hardly remember what happened by the next day, and you  care even less.  Although I'm a Robbins fan, this video is such a  forgettable movie.  The advantage, of course, is that you can also forget  the things that made no sense at all (and there were many) and you can keep  watching it -- every night, I suppose, since it will not stick.
0425107469|4.0|Most people think that this is Koontz's best novel and it it's the one that I recomend to people who have never read Koontz before.  To anyone who has never read the book before or has never read Dean Koontz, I say read  this book!  It is just good fun reading folks!
B0000027RL|5.0|I liked Ten the best of all the Pearl Jam albums. It seems like they've become too P.C. after Vitalogy (too politically correct/pro-choice), but getting back to the issue at hand, this album rocks. Side B, starting with  Oceans, I'll venture, is actually better than side A; there are some killer  chops on display on side B, like in the solos in Porch, Deep, and Garden.  <br />Too bad they've devolved into an alterna-crap band; if only Pearl Jam  would've continued making chops-heavy albums like Ten (not without some  intellectual risks like those found on Vs. and Vitalogy), I'd have some  better things to say about these guys. <br />So, I speak for all the  alternative haters out there who are frustrated with today's lacking guitar  rock scene: Eddie et al, you guys are high profile enough to save rock n  roll, so please, save it!  (that means playing guitar solos guys, I know  you can do it, as you have proven on Ten!)<br />...well, we'll see if their  new album will be a good enough response...
B000001DV2|5.0|Yes, it's true.  Def Leppard went rummaging through the leftovers of Hysteria to record Adrenalize.  Still, I think there was some growth on this album.  Phil Collen really came into his own as a guitarist, expanding  sonically on the classic blues rock style of Steve Clark (R.I.P.).  My  favorite cuts on the album are &quot;Tonight&quot; and &quot;Stand  Up.&quot;  We may have heard some of these riffs before, but this  collection is my favorite.
B00003CWRX|4.0|Micheal Mann is best known for directing:Supense Thriller-Manhaunter(1986), Adventure/Romance/Drama-The Last Of The Mochicans(1992) and Action/Drama-Heat(1995). Everybody known This film is based on a True story, despite of some fiction characters in this film. The film about a man named Jeffrey Wigand(Extremly well played performance by Russell Crowe, his best since L.A. Confidential.) quits his job at tobacco company, because of a Drug, making people very addicted to cigarette smokers. Then me meets, a reporter named Lowell Bergman(Al Pacino in a fine performance), also a Producer for CBS. Jeffrey want to tell the truth about the company, he`s working for but Jeffery signed a company agreement to not talked outside about any secrets to the tobacco company. Since he tell some truth about his ex-employee to the reporter. Now jeffrey is receive some death treats from his ex-employee, also his wife and his two childrens are in danger also.After Jeffery is being interview by Mike Wallace(Strong Performance by Christopher Plummer)for a CBS special is not live but recorded by Wallace producer:Bergman. The Real Problem start, when controversy about Jeffrey Wigand interview to too hot for T.V. and CBS may not air the CBS Special, for being too much information by Jeffrey , because are scare to air his interview with being sued by Tobacco Company. Telling the truth is more complicated than any thing of the life of Jeffery Wigand.<br />This is an very strong film, also best film of 1999. The film recieve 7 academy awards nominations, too bad, it`s didn`t win nothing. Russell Crowe should have win for Best Actor, (Kevin Spacey, His performance is very strong also in American Beauty, he win for Best Actor.) But Crowe was the best on the another four actors, was nominated for best actor. Micheal Mann directing also and His Screenplay with Oscar Winner Screenplay writer-Eric Roth, he`s known and Win the Screenplay adapation of the book-Forrest Gump. Best Casting is Canadian actor: Christopher Plummer, didn`t get an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in the film was really well cast in this film:Playing Mike Wallace was a Stroke of Genius in this film.<br />The New Zealand runs almost 10 minutes longer than the U.S. Relase. An strong film, just a little too long but still an Excellent Drama. One of the best most realistic films of 1999. Grade:A-. Panavision.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this has to be the most amazing album in the history  of metal!  i don't think anyone can top this, with the heavy guitar riffs of songs like (sic) or the unique hard hitting percussion and drums in eyeless, not to mention  the scratches in surfacing. these are just are few of the great songs  slipknot has produced. i think corey has the best voice i've ever heard in  my life.  this album is most defintely harder and more incisive than the  first korn album.  if you are looking for an album with alot of energy to  get you going, THIS IS IT!
B00000J7J4|1.0|Who awarded this &quot;Album of the Year&quot;? One great song doesn't make one great album. He's still playing the same solo 25 years on. So what's the difference - marketing! If you want the real thing, buy Abraxus.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|9th of November 1999:I'm in English not listening to my teacher. I'm too excited: in a few moments, I will finally own Fiona Apple's second album. Finally out of this stupid scool: I run, run...to my record shop. I walk,  grab the CD, buy it, run to my house, put it in my stereo, listen to it,  fall in love with it. Now 6 months later, I'm still listening to it every  day. The songs literally live in me. Each song is like a gift, a precious  gift. I don't think there are really that many words to describe this  album. You can't just like this CD: you must LOVE it, ADORE it. I mean, on  the 8th of November, my life was OK and I liked music. But now there is  magic and grace in my life thanks to miss Fiona Apple, to her music, to her  voice, to her sincerity, to her talent. I know I haven't even talked about  the songs but nothing I could tell would approach the truth. If you like  music and if you don't already own this piece of art, go and buy it and let  you capture by its magnificence: Ihave and I know for sure that I will  never regret it.
630575067X|2.0|I waited years and years to see the prequel, and this movie sure isn't what I expected.<br />Get rid of Jar Jar and the Gungans, get rid of Watto, get rid of Anarkin, get rid of the pod race, and you have a decent 1 hour  movie.<br />This book was such a disappointent I probably won't waste my money  on the other episodes. ;-(<br />Wah doh Ogedoda
B000001FI7|1.0|I listened to this CD on a recommendation and that experience reminds me of why I almost never buy CD's because of another person's glowing praise.  It's not mistake that this CD is called &quot;Dummy&quot; as it is vacuous  and hollow.  Only the truly prententious and shallow could listen to this  overly melodramatic prattle.  The lead singer's voice sounds like she's  gargling listerine.  Perhaps Portishead is purposely playing to the  &quot;deep&quot; set's supposed senstivity and this CD is just a mockery of  that genre; or maybe Portishead is trying to contend for the muzak title of  the universe.  In any case this droning snooze of a CD is one to avoid.
1559409010|5.0|LIFE OF BRIAN was the Python team's finest hour; a gathering of well observed satire, alarming historical accuracy (perhaps more so then Ben Hur) and the trademark Monty Python mania that was omnipresent in all of  their best works. Look out for the blackly hilarious (and somewhat macabre)  crucifixion scene featuring the song's (brilliantly inappropriate) theme  tune.
B0000062Y2|5.0|i love this cd soooo much! i have been so dissapointed to find that most people seem to dislike and make fun of about half the cast for this version. i think that everyone did a splendid job and they all sound  perfect. carl anderson, ted neeley, yvonne elliman, barry dennen and  everyone else has the perfect emotion in their voices and they make you  really feel it. there are a few small but noticable differences between  this cd and the actual movie. also, the &quot;crowds&quot; voices are  alittle weaker in teh soundtrack then the movie, but that is fine. i have  heard at least 6 different JCS albums and most of them i am surprised didnt  make my ears bleed! this is THE BEST album out there and you have to have  it! if you see the movie, it will make the album even more enjoyable!
0060254920|5.0|Simply put this book is wonderful! When i was little girl my gradmother used to read it to me, and i loved it! All the different creatures and settings made your imagination work hard! To me it was a wonderful part of  my childhood.  When i have kids this will certianly be the first book I  read to them.  I hope that my children will find the same joy in it that I  did.  My favorite character was Max, to me he was what every child's  imagination should be, way out there! Children don't care if something is  practicle or not and this book shows that. It didn't matter when I was 5  and it won't matter when I am 100 i will always find great joy in this  book. I hope you do too!
1556154844|5.0|The book is fantastic.  I have no formal training as a programmer, so this book helped me develop a much stronger understand of not just how to program, but how to program well.<br />As for the applicability of this book  given the advent of the web: the book is still useful.<br />A web application  may not be one big compiled program, but it is, some claim, an object that  has urls as methods and get/post/cookie data as arugments.  While web  programming is different from monolithic programming in may ways, the  lessons I've learned from this book have helped a great deal in the  development of several web applications.<br />Sure, a new edition would be  welcomed, but it is not required.
6305627401|5.0|The song &quot;Blame Canada&quot; was robbed of an Oscar.<br />This movie is probably the way that Trey and Matt wanted to write South Park, totally irreverant and hilariously obscene.  It takes a sharp poke at the fabric of  society and pulls out all the stops.  Not many races or religions are  spared really.<br />The musical score is to die for.  Using easily  recognizable tunes from popular Broadway acts like Les Miserables and  Oklahoma, the lyrics are both funny and enjoyable. The one story arc that  was creepy was the depiction of a openly gay Satan and his relationship  with Saddam Hussein.<br />Overall, a must see for the follower of the series  on Comedy Central.  Best if watched after imbibing a little alcohol.
0441172717|5.0|The real reason that I decided to read this long and detailed book is because a guy I know is a complete Dune fanatic and I wanted to see what it is all about.<br />This book is for two types of readers: the ones who like  epic adventures, struggling against evil powers and the roughness of  nature, and the ones who enjoy books on detailed insights to the human  mind, human instincts, and most of all --ecology.<br />Dune is a desert planet  with absolutely no water except for some that the locals, Fremen, carry  around with them. Paul Atredes is the main character whose goal is to make  this planet a paradise world --like earth. However, there's many obsticles  that must be passed to begin this plan. <br />That is the basic rundown of the  book but there's a whole lot more than that.<br />Dune won't appeal to  everyone, but its a nice one to try if you have the time.
B00002DEMV|4.0|Well, this finnish group has worked it's ass off. Believe me, I know. The idea itself - combining heavy metal and female opera vocals is genious. Hope they'll succeed in the future. oh, and the album ain't too bad,  either.
B00000JGEF|5.0|Predator is one of those movies that I just can't help watching every now and then when I have some free time. I have probably seen it at least five times already, with many more viewings likely in the future. <br />Even though  this movie has a small cast (about 10 actors...total), each character's  personality is developed and the viewer becomes familiar with each of their  survival mentalities. The main character is Dutch, played by Arnold  Schwarzenegger, in what I consider to be his best movie performance in his  career. Although he does not say much (does he ever?) and his manner is  hardened and strict, he fits the role perfectly. This is especially  apparent in the final scene when he must do battle with the Predator,  nicely played by Kevin Peter Hall. The other actors in this movie  (Weathers, Carrillo, Black, and at the time, future politician Jesse  Ventura) all turn in decent performances. The casting was perfect and  resulted in good acting. <br />Two elements that really make this movie great  are the soundtrack and the scenery. The haunting music is fantastic and  it's unfortunate that only the soundtrack for Predator 2 is available. The  scenery of the jungle was aptly chosen and complimented both the story and  the actors. <br />Overall, I cannot find anything wrong with this movie. It is  a great sci-fi/thriller film that is guaranteed to be enjoyed by all who  see it.
B000002UA0|5.0|&quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot; is a great album.  It's not their best. (Dark Side of the Moon is.) It's not my favorite. (That would be Meddle, duh.) In fact, as an album, it is not all that cohesive.  This is  not an epic work of art in the vein of their later works, but instead  contains 10 songs, each about 3-4 minutes long, that are Syd Barret's  greatest works ever.  One of these is my favorite PF song ever.  And as an  extra special added super bonus, you get to hear Roger Waters' first song.  This albumn's lyrics are evocative of the great English psychedelicist of  the 1800's... Lewis Carrol.  Then it was opium, for Piper, it's acid (or  ASyd, if you will) but the effect is similar.<br />  Let me go track by track,  since you need not listen to all of &quot;piper&quot; at once.<br />Astronomy  Domine:  This is the first Syd song I ever heard, at a Floyd cover band's  show.  I was floored then, and I still am.  Great rock song that manages to  intoxicate you when you hear it.<br />Lucifer Sam:  Floyd does pop.  Sorta  reminds me of the Who, or the Beatles.  You will be singing &quot;Lucifer  sam, siam cat/Always sitting by your side/always, by your side.&quot; over  and over and over...<br />Mother Matilda: This song is my favorite Floyd tune  ever.  I get dizzy during the first 2 minutes, and then at exactly 2:01, my  brain goes through some sort of orgasm.  This is everything great about  Syd-led Floyd.<br />Flaming: Not my favorite song on the album, but it still  rocks.  Has a great line, very descriptive of the band: &quot;Hey ho, here  we go, ever so high&quot; I would have no idea what they meant, of  course.<br />Pow R Toc H: I love this song.  Sort of a prototypical  &quot;Careful with that Axe&quot; this instrumental has weird noises, a  great groove, and it's only 3 minutes long! <br />Take up thy stethoscope and  walk: Roger Waters first song on LP...  I like the last two minutes.  Alot.   The first minute is experimental, and it did not age like the other 44  minutes of this record.<br />Interstellar Overdrive:  I can't say anything too  novel about this song.  It is Syd's masterpiece.  It's 10 minutes long.  I  suspect the sober crowd hates Syd, so they bash this song.  Ignore them.   This track makes me happy.<br />The Gnome: I suspect this is why Waters  worshipers hate piper.  The song's about a gnome.  It's silly.  It's poppy.   And yet, it is Floyd.  My next pet is gonna be named Grimble Gromble, so  obviously, I like it.<br />Chapter 24: I'm told this refers to the I Ching.   Huh.  This is your typical hippy &quot;rubbish&quot;, with ramblings about  the circularity of existence.  Being a hippy, I like this  song.<br />Scarecrow: Again, I think side two of Piper is the Anti-Wall.  I  love Waters, but these songs touch me.  I get a smile on my face, my feet  start moving, and I get that weird numb spine feeling.<br />Bike:  Syd's  lyrics are stupid.  We know.  I like Primus, too, so I don't need every  song to be a monumental epic about the evils of society.  Still, this comes  of (to me) as being very communistic (as in hippy communes), and the tune  is catchy.  Phish covers this alla time.<br />Again, this is not the Floyd of  the 70's.  Floyd's early stuff is reminiscent of other music from the same  era.  Remember, this album was recorded at the same time as Sgt. Pepper,  and even in the same studio.  Both bands swapped ideas, and these two  records are among the greatest ever made.  Don't get me wrong, I love  Gilmour and Waters, but Barrett is a genius on par with them, for different  reasons.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I think this movie is a great film the best I've seen yet, Johnny Depp is a great actor in this film. And I think everyone should see it because I highly reccommend it. Please buy this because it's a great film. And if you  disagree then you e-mail me and tell me why you hate it.
B000002U8G|5.0|Meddle is my favorite Floyd album.  It's not their best (that would be Dark Side of the Moon). It's not as popular as the Wall.  It doesn't even have my favorite Floyd song (&quot;Mother Matilda&quot;, or &quot;Careful  with That Axe Eugene&quot; if you don't like syd.) or my favorite Floydian  Guitarist (Syd Barrett).  But I think it's my favorite album for one simple  reason: It has elements of every Floyd era, every style, and every kind of  music they ever made.  Simply put, Meddle is the disc I listen to when I  know I want Floyd, but aren't sure which one.<br />Side one (tracks 1-5 for  the layman) is great.  &quot;One of these days&quot; is an amazing tune.  The double bass guitars and the scary Nick Mason vocal scared the pee out  of me, and the whole song seems to pulsate with rhythm.  &quot;A Pillow of  Winds&quot; is mellow, almost to the point of being narcotic. I can  remember listening to this song after a night of clubbing, and I was  instantly asleep and happy. &quot;Fearless&quot; is beautiful.  That  opening riff gets me dizzy, the vocals are heavenly, and the interpolated  Rogers and Hammerstein song is creepy in the best way.  It was my favorite  Floyd song for a while, and I get a grin whenever I hear it.  &quot;San  Tropez&quot; is a superb song, despite the fact that it sounds very un  Floydian to those unfamiliar with the bands roots.  Remeber, these guys  were orignally led by Syd Barrett.  If you like syd, you'll like this song.   &quot;Seamus&quot; sucks. Ok, it still rocks, but it is probably the worst  Floyd song recorded in the 70s.  I prefer &quot;Madamoiselle Nobs&quot;from  Live at Pompeii,  which is in the same vein.<br />Side two (also known as  Echoes) is greater still.  When I first got this album I was into the  shorter Floyd songs from Dark Side, and also the Beatles' stuff, so to me,  a 23 minute song, and one that took 4 minutes to get to the vocals, was  just not gonna be tolerated.  Of course, now, it plays on repeat in myhead  all the time.  &quot;Echoes&quot; is great.  As I understand it, the band  recorded each of their parts for the song in separate rooms, but I'll be  damned if their jams on this album flow better than any other studio disc.   Mason's drum breaks are great, Rick Wright's keyboards open the side and  are eerie through the whole song, Roger Waters' bass provides a solid  backing, and of course, David Gilmour's vocal and guitar are, as always,  floaty.  My only problem with Echoes now is that, since I saw Pompeii, it  seems short!<br />I can't conclude this review without mentioning my favorite  way to experience Floyd. Get some friends, get your relaxing agent of  choice, and put Disney's Fantasia in the VCR on mute.  Then, right as the  blue screen before the Disney castle appears, hit play on your CD player.  This trick works better than Dark Side/Wizard of OZ.  For the full effect,  put the CD on repeat, and watch the whole movie.  For some unknown reason,  the music and movie will be synchronized the whole way, and right as echoes  starts for the third time, the movie ends.  I don't know if the band did  this on purpose, but it works.  Totally trippy.<br />In short:  BUY THIS CD!
B0000027I6|5.0|After reading through a lot of reviews of this album, and clicking &quot;no&quot; on &quot;did you find this reveiw helpful?&quot; about 10 times in a row, I decided I had to get my opinion of this album out. Now,  this is not a Pink Floyd-esque album or an album with Gilmour-esque guitar  (if you want that get a classic PF album, Division Bell, or About Face).  Rather, this is a lyrical masterpiece from Roger Waters, with more good  music in it than he is normally given credit for. Andy Fairweather Low and  Jeff Beck (!) both turn in good performances on guitar, and Graham Broad is  very capable on drums. No, the guitar solos don't match (as one reviewer  said) the one's on Pink Floyd's best album Wish You Were Here, but they are  good and fit the songs nevertheless. I've said it already, but it's worth  saying again THIS ALBUM IS A LYRICAL MASTEPIECE. I have a section on my  webpage where I put up great lyrical quotes, and I keep coming back to this  album again and again, I have used it more than any other album. Too Much  Rope's chorus sums up humanity in one neat verse, and indeed I like it so  much that I use it on my e-mail signature, and frequently quote it when  signing my name anywhere. It's A Miracle, the title track, and What God  Wants, also have incredibly witty lyrics that are genius in their slyness.  The chorus to Perfect Sense (not to mention the priceless war TV broadcast  featuring Marv Albert) is great also, and for that matter every song is.  Buy this album, play it in a good stereo (to hear the Q-sound) and snuggle  up with the lyrics sheet.
6304057709|4.0|Now if you're going to have man-trouble, what better kind than that of the bright and beauteous Dashwood sisters in Sense and Sensibility. The guys are rich, their estates are all thriving, and there's no pressure to have  sex until after marriage. <br />But contrary to what you might thinks, these  poor young debs are in a bind. Dad has died and left his vast holdings to  his son John. And although the womens' half-brother promises to take-care  of the Dashwoods, his snooty wife Fanny is not the most generous of women.  To make ends meet, the family, complete with mum and littlest sibling,  moves to a relative's small cottage.<br />Elinor (Emma Thompson) is the more  rational of the sisters but in time finds herself smitten with Fanny's  brother Edward, played with little wit and less panache by  Hugh Grant.  Marianne (Kate Winslet), never one to hide her emotions, promptly falls in  lust with Willoughby (Greg Wise). Will the girls' love be requited?  Eventually. In one way or another, all the character's in Jane Austen's  novels get what's coming. But it's not the destination but the journey that  brings such delight.<br />Emma Thompson's script is a frolic. It refuses to  take itself too seriously and is never self-conscious like so many modern  tales of romance.
B00003CXDV|5.0|It has been a long time since I have enjoyed much a film like the Galaxy Quest. It is funny and exciting. Sigourney Weaver's acting is extremely incredible and impressive, given her age of 51. She still looks like in her  30s! Beautiful!
078062999X|4.0|Hamlet just won't go away. Who's the wise guy who thought it up? Shakessomething. I don't know. If you ask me, all that fancy language is just too hard to figure out. Now there's this new version. Four--count  'em--four hours long. Ever been to a movie with an intermission? Weird.<br />I  didn't know what to expect, really. Men in tights. Stuffy accents. But hey,  I'm a renaissance man who enjoys all the meats of our cultural stew. I gave  it a try. <br />Hamlet (Kenneth Branagh) is the prince of Denmark, and he's  pretty broken up through the whole thing. His pop, the former king, has  just bought the farm, and now Hamlet's uncle Claudius (Derek Jacobi) has  grabbed the throne and married Hamlet's mom, Gertrude (Julie Christie).  Ain't that a kick in the pants? Then one night, the ghost of Hamlet's old  man tells him that Claudius, his own brother, greased him. Whoa! the plot  thickens. On top of all that, Ham's got a honey named Ophelia (Kate  Winslet), but her dad Polonius thinks the prince is nuts and tries to  protect the sweet young thing. <br />Look, I can't keep this up. When it comes  to the bard, I'm a lifer. So too is Branagh, who, as usual, stuffs his  Shakespeare production with familiar faces--in this case Robin Williams,  Charlton Heston, Billy Crystal, Jack Lemmon, and Gerard Depardieu. In the  mouths of all the actor's the tricky iambs and formal diction are  exceedingly accesible.<br />The panoramic scope of the picture will remind you  of other filmatic forays into marathon territory. Think Lawrence of Arabia  or Dr. Zhivago. This new Hamlet doesn't quite scale these lofty peaks but  it's not far off. If Branagh's work can be faulted, it's in the sometimes  overzealous action scenes, particularly the tragic finale. Swinging  chandeliers and hurled swords could work, but in this movie their inclusion  appears ovedone. Maybe, too, the grand-scale and gorgeous sets distract us  too much from the heart-breaking soul of the story.<br />The best momentsare  the smaller, more human ones: To be or not to be in front of a full-length  mirror; the ingenious nunnery scene with Ophelia that follows. How Branagh  will be compared to Hamlet's of the past remains to be seen. The last  screen Hamlet--Mel Gibson in a noble effort--was all fire. Branagh's take  on the melancholy Dane is more complex, resourceful and full-bodied. Like  Hamlet the movie, his portrayal is large, generous, and worth remembering.
B00003003R|5.0|i personnaly think this is the best album to ever come from gnr.  all  their other cd's are great, but i have a special place in my heart for live albums.  which is probably why my favorite metallica album is s&amp;m,  because it's live.  my favorite nirvana album is from the muddy banks of  the wiskah, that is also a live album.  but gnr really did good on this  one.  Mr. brownstone which is my favorite gnr song sounds perticulary good  on this album.  a must for any Guns N' Roses fan.
B000002L9S|2.0|Papa Don't Preach is a CLassic Madonna Song Period.Nothing really else matches that Vibe.La ISla Bonita is a Good Solid Track.Live To Tell was a Alright Track but played way too Much.She Struck a Major Chord on a Slow  Cut a Year Prior with Crazy 4 U.Live to Tell is a 2nd Tier Version of  that.She has Her trademark Sound GOing On with producer Patrick  Leonard&amp;Steven Bray(who was with Her from the Group The Breakfast  Club&amp;they had a Couple Of Hits Around the time this Album came  out)&amp;the Samples of James Cagney's Voice.Nothing Overall Too get  Excited About.Madonna Formula.I Still Dig the Songs that I  mentioned&amp;the Album Cover but Overall Forgettable.
B00000G3PA|1.0|this movie is really bad. there is nothing good about the movie. the acting? nope. the actors are horrible and they look as if they are reading the script while acting. it's like cardboard. the storyline? absolute 5year  old garbage. no normal human over the age of 5 can possibly enjoy this  storyline. the special effects? it's nothing we haven't seen a million  times. plus the directing it horrible. it gives me a headache. it mocks  it's own self. Armageddon defines the average &quot;let's rent this movie  for a family evemning&quot; movie. please. it is guaranteed to give you a  headache.
6303422020|2.0|I fell in love with Creepshow 1.The last two tales were brilliant,loaded with gore galore,terrific scares and great monsters.I was rather excited when I heard about the sequel,Creepshow 2.The poster looked really cool and  the stories sounded  great.I was extremely disappointed after it ended. The  stories were way too short and there were only three,whereas the first had  five tales that were very long.The plots were rather dumb.The first tale  with the living indian statue was good,but <br />the plot of the last two were  flat.The acting was wooden too.For the most part,the characters were  cardboard cutouts.The Creep,indian,elderly storeowners and the demented  hitchhiker  were decent,but the rest of the characters were as stiff as  bricks.The best tale is by far The Raft,but even that was cheesy.The  monster was laughable,though the deaths were very cool.The film is quite  gory and pretty scary,but it's just boring and too slow to be  entertaining.No where near the brilliance of the original.The reason for  the two star rating? The use of gore was good (not as good as the first),  the special F/X were decent and Tom Savini gave an excellent performance as  the Creep.Those things,of course,can't make a movie.Just stick with the  original.Rated R for gory horror violence,strong language and brief nudity.
0385495315|5.0|This book is a good primer for anyone interested in an introduction to the  history, personalities and methods in cryptography. I'm not very adept at  math but that didn't hamper me in reading this book. Simon Singh, as he did  with his book on Fermat, takes us 'innumerates' into mind when writing his  books and gives clear and concise explanations that don't get lost in  jargon or presume his readers are math heads.<br />A fun and informative book  on an important and facinating subject!
B000002NFM|5.0|If you seriously need good music or you're looking for something you can't live without,MAKE THIS IT! This has just about everything a Metal/rap-head could want.The music is awesome and the lyrics rule.These guys also have  some great taste too. They really know how to combine Metal and Rap and  they do it just right.From the load bangin' tunes of &quot;Breath&quot; to  the clankin' noises and Rap tunes of &quot;Diesel Power&quot;,you could say  that this music is tha best.I listen to it everyday and NEVER get  tired.I  pretty much can't live without this.It's amazin'.BUY IT!
0385493622|5.0|I'm not very adept at math but I'm very interested by people who are. This book is a facinating story of a man who proposed a tantalizing little theorem and then compounded the challenge by writing a cryptic note saying  he had a proof for it but couldn't include it in the margin of the page.  The gauntlet was thrown down, and a search for a proof that would obsess  many a mathmatician and numbers nut for the next three centuries  began.<br />Fun and engrossing. If you're interested in math I highly  recommend this book.
B0000019PA|5.0|I have been listening to this about 3 times a week, at least, since december.  i just can't get over it.  i'm forcing all of my friends to buy it.  MY GOD IT IS SO WONDERFUL!  now lets all sing together  &quot;..twoooo headed boyyy....&quot;
0385493622|5.0|I'm not very adept at math but I'm very interested by people who are. This book is a facinating story of a man who proposed a tantalizing little theorem and then compounded the challenge by writing a cryptic note saying  he had a proof for it but couldn't include it in the margin of the page.  The gauntlet was thrown down, and a search for a proof that would obsess  many a mathmatician and numbers nut for the next three centuries  began.<br />Fun and engrossing. If you're interested in math I highly  recommend this book.
0767818040|5.0|This Film shows De Palma is top form. It's his best Non-Mobster film, easily. Craig Wasson is great as the Un-heroic hero. He is a character with great depth and his action's are totally realistic and believable, anyone  who says differently must not have been paying close attention. The people  that call this &quot;Cheap porn&quot; are nuts, It is a great story and a  terrific film. And who better to learn off than Hitchcock. He is the  master, and De palma has learned a few tricks off him... So sue him.
B000002USN|1.0|Let me preface my comments by saying that I love Sinatra, and respect many of the other artists that appear on this record. So why then does this album stink so bad?<br />The decision to put out this record was made in the  boardroom and had nothing to do with musicians having a yen to work  together and put out some great music. Some musicaly illiterate putz in  L.A. thought that if you put the 'Chairman' together with every other top  adult contemporary singer and give em' some great songs- you'll make piles  of money; the result has been financialy successful but artisticaly  bankrupt.<br />First of all these aren't even real duets...you know- where the  artists work closely together, feeding off of each other and responding to  one another's styles. These are cut and paste jobs- Sinatra and the other  artists weren't even in the same studio together. It's difficult to have  any real collaboration under such antiseptic conditions.<br />Furthermore,  most of the duets are poor marriages. This recording takes a lot of  musicians of diverse styles and throws them together haphazardly. It's a  perfect example of two many cooks spoiling the soup (just look at the  credits of the CD and you can smell the egos involved). It's a simple fact  that if you mix too many colors together, you get grey- and this record is  about as grey as you get.<br />My biggest problem with this recording however,  is that it just plain and simple lacks passion. While I was listening to it  the other day, I kept feeling that a dentist was going to enter the room  anytime.<br />The songs on the album are of course classics and this album  just doesn't do em' justice. There are dozens of recording out there of  Sinatra doing these same songs to much greater effect... Get one of those  CD's instead of this one.
B00000DFRS|1.0|Either she's started smoking, or the past 10 years of misuse have left her hoarse and unable to sustain a phrase for more than two or three words.  The woman has wasted her talent and it shows.  She once was a singer with  potential. She's now degraded herself and sings insipid, trite (what some  might call) R&amp;B.  The woman takes breaths in the middle of words!  Give  it up Whitney.  Your career is headed in the same direction your husband's  already is.  Dead in the water.
6304509154|5.0|about every minute of this movie is scary.kinda weird,but thats really just what makes it scary.i would watch this movie every day if i could
B000023X9W|2.0|Another Neil Young album. Well you just have to buy it don't you because it is NEIL. Well yes but I wished that I had not. The songs have no real bite, some of them are older than my kids and the album is short, but not  sweet.  Where have all the cowboys gone asked Paula Cole. Perhaps Neil  should have called this one Treading Water.
B000002MY3|5.0|Someone once said &quot;All Music is Revolution or Plagiarism&quot;. If this is true then I can't think of another artist (or at least female artist ) in the 90's who has caused as much revolution as Alanis. Only a  few years on we can't fail to see artists with similarities stemming from  her (Meredith Brookes and Natalie Imbrugila to name but two)<br />The  misunderstood `You oughta know' is the sure fire anthem which everyone  knows as Alanis at her raging best but as her fans know there is much more  to her than that. It is a misconception that Alanis has an angry voice. Her  style of singing can be fierce and also gentle. `You Learn' and `Perfect'  show her angelic voice but fans of her wont need to discuss what has become  a musical issure with her. Alanis talents as a songwriter are here for all  to see. `Ironic' and `Hand in my pocket' being simplistic but genius at the  same time and `All I really Want' showing great maturity for a debut album.  Her new album will do well to be half this good.<br />The first song I heard  was `You Learn' but ask any of her fans and you will get a dozen different  answers which shows the depth of this album. No wonder it has been in the  billboard charts forever. <br />There are guest appearances from Flea and Dave  Navarro of Red Hot Chilli Peppers Fame and it is produced by her co writer  Glen Ballard. There is also the hidden track `Your house', which you can  find if you leave the CD playing. This is often played at concerts with  guitar backing.<br />At times Alanis sounds like a little girl and at others  like the wise professor. Her style and grace has been copied but never  bettered. An influence to a generation - Love her or hate her you can't  ignore her. Alanis has left her mark
B00000JJQK|5.0|This album marks the moment when pop achieved lasting art status. Its merits are many, and, perhaps critically, it serves as a signpost to the cornucopia of important work that the Beach Boys singly and as a band  produced, and emphasizes the sin of the current unavailability of their  Warners and CBS catalogues (which are so often so dumbly maligned). Pet  Sounds is of course the apogee of Brian Wilson's work as a  writer-arranger-producer. But its key value, and its wider cultural  significance, is continually overlooked. The Beach Boys uniqueness is the  span of their work. No other artist or band covered their encyclopaedic  range, from nursery songs to avant-garde sound collage, from garage rock to  symphony.  Pet Sounds is the Rosetta Stone of pop-rock in that it  compresses the emotional arc of all pop and, in its thematic narrative,  takes the listener from the the irrepresible sunny morning of teenhood  (Wouldn't It Be Nice) to the dark hours of maturity and existential  awareness (Caroline, No).  None of this is presented like the plodding  polemic of quasi-political rock. History has, so far, savaged and twisted  the contribution of the Beach Boys. True, as artists they had their wobbly  moments; but essentially they never bought into the &quot;agenda&quot; of  consumer-rock, beyond the unbridled embracing of diversion therapy. They  remained - in face of horrendous internal troubles and health issues -   true to their gifts, and the imperative of musical grace. Mike Love and Al  Jardine are frequent targets for the attention-seeking naysayers who  misunderstand the burdens that accompany the privileges of talent. But Love  and Jardine were as  vital to the evolution and perpetuation of the Beach  Boys &quot;message&quot; as all the other creative partners. They were -  will forever remain - like Robinson Jeffers, Califronia poets, mandated to  deliver frontier sunshine to our lives. Pet Sounds is far and away the best  pop album ever made. It is entirelydevoid of self-consciousness, or  contrivance. Its production remains second to none, despite the luxurious  options of today's technologies. Here Wilson essentially invented syth- or  fusion-rock. Brian Wilson was - is - a genius. The Beach Boys were - are -  poets. This lovingly remastered and reisssued CD shouldn't be anyone's  casual purchase. It demands its place on the library racks of the  discerning alongside Mozart, Bach, the Bird, Bechet, Armstrong, Sinatra,  Bernstein ...
1559409010|4.0|This movie was really quite funny, but it had some slow spots (maybe because I'm not from England and am not a diehard Monty Python fan). My friends and I rented it and watched it while coloring eggs for a laugh Holy  Saturday. It's not nearly as offensive as I thought it would be, at least  not by today's standards. Ending is the most hysterical thing I've seen in  my life.
B00000IKSC|5.0|this video brought back SOOOOOO many memeries of their tour way back in 1998. i saw them 2 times live that year and i was totally blown away by their talent. then i didn't see them live in 1999 because the europe tour  so i bought the video i think about november 1999 and it brought back the  memories. i would say a must have for ANY BSB fan. even if your not that  big of a fan. buy it. it is sooo worth it. you will NOT be diapointed. this  is the best BSB video out right now.<br />oh, and if you like AJ the best, you  should probley seriously think about getting this. It shows alot of AJ.  <br />so you know here are the song listings how they do them in the video: 1.  &quot;That's The Way I Like It&quot; 2. &quot;Hey Mr. DJ (Keep Playin' That  Song) 3. &quot;Close To You&quot; 4. Howie's Solo 5. AJ's solo 6. Kevin's  Solo 7. Brian's solo 8. Nick's solo 9. &quot;Let's Have A Party&quot; 10.  &quot;Quit Playin' Games (With My Heart)&quot; 11. &quot;All I Have To  Give&quot; 12. &quot;Anywhere For You&quot; 13. &quot;I'll Never Break Your  Heart&quot; 14. &quot;We've Got It GoingOn&quot; 15. &quot;I'll Never Break  Your Heart&quot; 16. &quot;Get Down (Your The One For Me)&quot; 17.  &quot;Everybody (Backstreet's Back)<br />I hope this was helpful!
B000002KB8|5.0|this is the start of black sabbaths career,in my opinion the forst heavy metal cd ever,evry song is great,and on every song on here the timing by each of the band members is amazing,may be there finest album alkong with  paranoid
B000002H97|5.0|This is my favorite Metallica ever. It contains their hugest hits (Enter Sandaman, Sad But True, The Unforgiven). Not even &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot; or &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; or anything else will ever  even compare to this MASTERPIECE. Even the cover is a masterpiece (plain  black, snake in corner, METALLICA symbol in other corner). I would  recommend this to any metal fan. ENJOY!
B0000062GE|4.0|At first listen to this CD, you are taken by the variety of sounds the album contains.  Some are dark and heavy, some are soft and personal.  But when you put the pieces together you get one hell of an album.  Though it  isnt a concept album, Darkest Days seems to start out with depressing songs  and then moves onto more inspirational songs about our will to survive the  trials and tribulations of life. The songs all seem to blend perfectly  together, making listening to the whole CD straight through enjoyable.   This is a very impressive CD and I wouldnt even consider myself a fan of  the industrial-metal scene.
6300214753|5.0|THIS IS THE KIND OF MOVIE A PERSON CAN WATCH OVER AND OVER AGAIN! filled with hilarious situations and funny gags, F.B.D.O. is GREAT! &quot;They think he's a rightous dude!&quot;  anyone? anyone? somthing  -&quot;doo&quot; economics... &quot;voo&quot;doo economics
B000002J1I|2.0|This album was terrible!  That is all I can say!
B000023X9W|5.0|Having apparently decided that it's better to grow old gracefully than to either burn out or fade away, Neil Young returns with the album few thought he still had in him. An increasingly vocal segment of his fan base has  grown tired of Crazy-Horse-by-numbers geezer-grunge (e.g. Broken Arrow,  Year of the Horse and Mirror Ball with Horse-surrogates Pearl Jam). But  leave it to Neil to take his followers to the point of despair and then  come up with one of his very strongest collection of songs. Melodic and  lyrical powers are out in full force with such tuneful ballads as the title  track, The Great Divide and Razor Love. And don't believe the lazy critics  who are droning on about somekind of Harvest trilogy. This is immeasurably  superior to Harvest and its awkward follow-up, Harvest Moon. Neil,it's good  to see you again.
B00000JGOH|1.0|I was disgusted at the movie. It was insulting to Shakespeare and utterly meaningless and stupid. Why portray Shakespeare in such a way? Can we not just respect and learn from him? What is the reason for a revolting love  story using Shakespeare's honorable name?<br />Give me a break... this society  can do better. (I hope!)
B000002OZY|5.0|Pete Townshend has the talent of an italian opera writer, only Townshend's tools of the trade are 1969's rock.<br />I can't explain anything else about this CD ... it is marvelous.  If you don't have it, I would ask you WHY!
B0000009TJ|5.0|As owner of over 50 of Frank's works, this is the one is seem to choose most.  It seems to sum up the quintessential Frank, with social commentary, great guitar solos, impossible instrumentals, and new renditions of classic  songs.  Besides, it's got killer renditions of &quot;Bolero&quot;,  &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; (believe it or not), and the horns' rendition of  Jimmy Page's guitar solo on &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; always lifts my  spirits.
B000002KIT|5.0|Not enough good things can be said about Thin Lizzy's LIVE AND DANGEROUS.  Almost every song on the album blows away the studio version.  The best thing about LIVE AND DANGEROUS is that the production is perfect.  Polished  enough in the studio during mixing that the sound quality is excellent, but  still raw enough to capture the power and energy of Thin Lizzy live.  Truly  live, with virtually no studio overdubs.  (UPDATE - As it turns out, that wasn't true.  Most of the guitars and vocals were overdubbed in the studio.  What's odd is that I've heard true live recordings from that era and they sound almost exactly like this album.  That's why I initially thought that there weren't many overdubs in the studio.  Apparantly, they just wanted to polish up the live recordings and went overboard.)  As far as the songs go, there are  so many great tracks on L.A.D. that it is almost impossible to single out  the highlights - almost every track could be considered a highlight!  The  best way to put it is this; LIVE AND DANGEROUS is a Hard Rock masterpiece.  Rock And Roll was (and never will be) better than this.  Phil Lynott, Scott  Gorham, Brian Robertson, and Brian Downey set the standard for live Rock  albums that still has not been surpassed.  If you like Hard Rock (like Led  Zeppelin, UFO, KISS, and AC/DC) you MUST buy this one.
B00000DLVA|5.0|What I find impressive about this albumn by the Cardigans is that I don't find myself skipping songs, as I do with many other music albumns. I could do without #11's instrumental &quot;Nil&quot;, but hey, nice addition in  itself.<br />This is a stunning rarity (not skipping tracks, and &quot;Gran  Turismo&quot; itself).
B00000ILBK|3.0|This is a purely mediocre movie fans who think they will watch this and get another First Contact there sorrily mistaken, but with Jonathan Frakes at the helm again he sures turns this into a fun popcorn movie it's not  good but it's not bad<br />     On a routine scouting mission something seems  to go wrong with LT. Commander Data.The crew of the Enterprise E beams down  to a peacful planet of a race of people called the Bak Ku that have banned  everything that seems to deal with anything to do with technology.They find  these peace loving people to be holding a secret of prepetual youth.But low  an behold and evil dying race the  Sona want this secret for themselves  lead by the presistant Ruafo who will stop at nothing but to get this  secret from them , and even having the fedration itself wanting the  secret.<br />   The Captain given a prime directive is forced  to just sit  back and watch, he will have no part of that he resigns as Captian and  plans his insurrection to take back the planet for harms way and save the  Bak Ku from being relocated but it will not be easy as they are volating  the prime directive it's all out war for the secret of the universe.<br />     With trailers and clear sound and picture this Star Trek is a fun film to  watch but it does  not rank with the best of them as seemingly how odd Star  Trek films are.
B0000033J9|5.0|Intense, memorable soundtrack.  I had no idea this common tune had originated from a contemporary film.  In specific regards to &quot;Lara's Theme&quot;, it's instantly memorable.  Really stuck in my mind after I  finished viewing the film.  <br />Classic scores, classic alumn.
B00004RE7C|4.0|In the Star Trek series the best directors are Leonard Nimoy and Jonathan Frakes.This is his first direction of a Star Trek film and as this film is not for everyone mainly people who do not enjoy Star Trek will not get any  of this movie and will just be gibberish but for the fans it is a real  treat seeing Nimoy at the helm.This movie was obviously made on a  shoestring budget as you can tell because basically this hole movie is done  on a set.But that still does nothing to this very emotional but action  packed film.<br />   After the Enterprises deadly encounter with Khan and the  creation of the Genisis planet and the death of it's most valued crew  member Spock the crew is somber and somwhat empty after the  death of there  friend Kirk seems depressed from  all of it.Mean while a scout ship that  has been sent out to get information on genisis torpedo, Klingon leader  Kruge (Christopher LLoyd) is  anxious to see what the torpedo is about so  he  can seemingly use it as a superweapon.The crew  of a nearby science  vessel with Kirks son on  board is investigating the genisis planet that  has been forbidden and quarentine have seemingly descoverd Spocks tube on  the planet.<br />     As Kirk has some thoughts that Spock could still be  saved Spocks father comes aboard the ship and together they find that the  only hope for Spock lies in the meld with Mccoy they must find  some way to  get both of them to the vulcan planet before all is lost.<br />    When they  find Spock on the planet they find that he is somhow connected to the  planets surroundings but by the time they report it the  Klingons intercept  the science vessel and distroy it.The Klingon Vessel continues a course to  presue the Enterprise.When it does its all out war the Klingons even go as  far as to kill Kirks son.<br />        In rage Kirk self disructs the  Enterprise and brings his friend home safely to take vulcan ritual to  restore him and Mccoy back to normal and save there friends life.<br/>    Great picture and sound and a theatrical trailer this movie has never been  better and never will look as good as it does on DVD a  great film one of  the best odd Star Treks  leading the way to the Star Trek masterpeice Star  Trek 4 : The Voyage Home wich was also  brillantly directed by Leonard  Nimoy grab this DVD you will not be dissapointed.
B00000JPH4|5.0|This is one of my most memorable movies. I saw it when i was a small boy and it is still as fantastic as ever. This is the type of movie kids these days need to see, beautifully crafted costumes and puppets in a very well  designed story. I am not one of those people who hates progress, i think  that the computer animation is great but this is what a child will  remember, real physical characters with personality, not relentless hymns  and chorus' sung over and over again. I mean really, how many times can you  hear &quot;under the seeeaaa, under the sea&quot; before you crack up? Any  man, woman, or child who hasn't been spoiled by too much Disney and  Dreamworks will appreciate this timeless masterpiece. Buy it today and make  it a part of YOUR child's past.
B0000033TE|5.0|Spectacular! Spectacular!<BR> This is clearly Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer's finest album. This album will take you to the edge of sonic innovation and back, and it's one hell of a ride. Starting off with the adaptations of  Jerusalem and Toccata, these pieces allow the three musicians to stretch  their creative muscles through the interpretation and variation of known  works. Toccata also allows Keith and Carl to use some of the newest  technology available.<BR> Still...You Turn me On and Benny the Bouncer show  another side of the album. The Lake ballad, not only allowing ELP to get  radio air-time, gives the listener a mental break to the pure genius of  this CD. Benny the Bouncer shows the first collaboration with Greg's King  Crimson writing partner Peter Sinfield. In the same ilk as The Sheriff and  Jeremy Bender, this song lets the three take a break from the technically  difficult music and just have fun playing.<BR> The 1st Impression of Karn  Evil 9 is a musical masterpiece. The composing counterpoint and prolific  lyrics blend together to create the mystical world of poverty, found  somewhere in the Manticore universe. All three players get to strut their  stuff at different parts of the songs, allowing the listener to hear every  aspect of the band while experiencing the best overall work from the  group.<BR> The 2nd Impression showcases Keith and Carl and is just wickedly  fun. Once again, it allows a mental pause for the listener, but not much of  one. The raw talent used in this track is just amazing. The 3rd Impression,  another Sinfield lyrical contribution, brings the epic full circle. This  world of suffering brought on by controlling computers is really the real  genius ELP sticking it to the critics, who believe that the band is all  about overdubs and previously recorded synthesizer parts. In summary, Karn  Evil 9 is awe inspiring and just plain-old great rock.<BR> The  informational Making of BSS at the end, I though, was very informative.  That's all I have to say about that.<BR> This album is the most creative  album of the 1970's, if not the best progressive album of all time. Anyone  who has any musical taste will get a kick out of this CD. And everyone else  is sure to find something they like in this electronic smorgasbord.
6302906636|2.0|I got into the whole Highlander scene watching the series on USA. I was so hooked i even watched the animated series, but this was absolutely awful. This was just a paycheck for Christopher Lambert, he didn't put any pizazze  into this character at all. I found myself wondering what had posessed me  to rent this in the first place. The sword fights were even bad, i mean its  just sword action, can't go wrong there i would think. I wouldn't watch  this again if it was the only thing on at 4am during and insomneia fit.
0380713802|2.0|I didn't like it.  It is the first book of Bill Bryson's I have read, and probably won't read another one.  I have also traveled extensively in Europe, and similiar to Bryson, never planned my hotels, etc.  But while I  always have a good time, he just seems to dislike everything.  It depressed  me to picture him traveling through Europe, being that negative.  Skip this  book, and read an intelligent and interesting travel book, like something  by David Hatcher Childress.
0784011923|5.0|Before The Matrix and Battlefield Earth there was The Terminator. For the 80's this was the pinnacle of sci-fi creation and with the tools available they did a marvelous job. A terminator, a heartless, mindless, beast of  apocolaptic creation, designed for one thing, to kill you [similar to the  IRS]. One of the truely great sci-fi movies. This was the movie that  propelled me into sci-fi as a kid and still entices me now.
B000002OZY|5.0|Forget the soundtrack from the movie, this is the version of &quot;Tommy&quot; to own.  The surprising thing is that it has aged very well (unlike a lot of its contemporaries) and sounds just as fresh today as  it did thirty years ago.  Guitarist Pete Townshend's songwriting genius is  featured here in full display.  The long instrumental sections have an  almost classical music feel about them.  And of course, there those hit  singles like &quot;Pinball Wizzard&quot; and &quot;We're Not Gonna Take  It.&quot;  A rock masterpiece.
B00000J8EK|4.0|It's tough to be fans of Tom and Ed, a.k.a. the Chemical Brothers. From their early DJ sets to their breakthrough and still best album Exit Planet Dust, we know what breakbeat fueled wonders they're capable of. Yet they  continue to stray from their \\"Big Beat\\" sound after hearing the waves of  similar bands, and this is their farthest departure yet. <br />So on the one  hand we get glorious remnants of what they can do; Music:Response is a  funky, bleepy stormer, and easily the best tune on the disc. It blends into  \\"Under the Influence\\" with a huge dropping baseline and flittering melody  on top. It then mixes not so well into the dud \\"Out of Control\\", mostly a  failure due to Sumner's vocals. Check out their B-side on the  Music:Response cd single for a much better, vocalless glimpse of what this  song could have been. &quot;Orange Wedge&quot; is layered percussion and  such that doesn't do much, while \\"Let Forever Be\\" is Beatles meets the  Brothers, and the most debatable track (though I happen to like it). The  Sunshine Underground is the spiritual heart of the CD, a psychedelic 8  minute piece that is, as always, cleverly produced but ultimately a shallow  attempt at a vision not carried through. \\"Asleep from Day\\" is  instantly  skippable, featuring the drowsy vocals of Mazzy Star\\". But things do start  to pick up with the excellent \\"Got Glint\\" and it's acid-house leanings and  \\"Hey Boy, Hey Girl\\" with it's simple yet catchy old-school sample. The disc  ends with a failed attempt to capture the flavor of \\"Private Psychedelic  Reel\\".<br />The Brothers prove that when they want to make hits to move you,  they are masters- there are 5 hits on this CD which warrant this a great  purchase. But when they make songs to please themselves,  the efforts are  not compelling enough for us to join in.
B000002P2W|4.0|&quot;The Who by Numbers&quot; marks the transistion of songwriter Pete Townshend from youth to middle age.  By and large, the album sounds more like his own first solo album (the laid back &quot;Who Came First&quot;)  than it does like previous work by the band.  From this point on, Townshend  would focus on the themes of middle-age uncertainty rather than the  arrogance of youth.  The man who once had wanted to die before he got old  began to contemplate getting old.  This is a solid studio album with a  number of Who classics like &quot;Slip Kid&quot; and &quot;Squeeze  Box.&quot;  For that, its worth owning.
B00001ZUGK|5.0|This is the coolest film ever made. EVER! <br />the plot is amazing and original,and this makes all other films look small by ccomparison. this movie is huge,with a capital H U G E.<br />i can't even begin to ex plain the  plot,but is great.the fx are awesome,the acting brilliant and plenty of  action.itt's got all the ingrediants,and a twist,making this the perfect  movie. keunee reeves is great as thomas&quot;neo&quot;anderson the hero,and  the centre of the story.then theres laurance fishburne as morphues,the  coolest character in the film,along with mr smith[hugo weaver]who is the  main badguy,along with jones and brown,the sentiant programs.then theres  the rebels in the real world;trinity[carry anne moss]  ,mouse,chypher,tank,dozer and two other who i've  forgotten the names  of.<br />theres something for everyone;action,romance,sci-fi,fantasy,mystery  and suspence. this isn't gory,but quite creepy and nightmarish when you see  the real world.<br />anyway,this is an amazing movie so if you haven't seen it  see it,if you have seen it,buy it,and if you own it buy it again,because  you 'll want to see it again and again.<br />who knows,maybe we are in a  virtual reality program.<br />P.A.B 10
B000002JK2|4.0|Pete Townshend leads a groups of British rock superstars kicking back and having fun on this relaxed, occasionally country-ish album.  Ronnie Lane is the most prominent collaberator, providing lead vocals on several songs as  well as songwriting assistance.  His deeper and more resonant voice is a  good anedote for Townshend's more nasal warblings.  Good songs abound, but  the best are Townshend-Lane duet &quot;Heart to Hang Onto,&quot; &quot;Keep  Me Turning,&quot; and the country ballad &quot;Annie.&quot;  An overlooked  gem of an album.
0684800713|3.0|Big Deal.  The only interesting character is Lady Bret Ashley, and this is only because she is so pretensious and dull witted that it brought out a severe hatred in me.<br />Good writing style but not much doing here  otherwise.  I wish this generation would stay lost, they're very, very  boring.
B000002P6R|4.0|Because it was not the breakthrough classic that many wanted it to be in the wake of drummer Keith Moon's death, &quot;Face Dances&quot; was a commericial and critical dissappointment when it was released.  This is a  shame, because it is actually the best post-&quot;Quadrophenia&quot; Who  studio album.  Songwriter Pete Townshend was well into his public mid-life  crisis by this point as excellent songs like &quot;However Much I  Booze&quot; and &quot;Daily Records&quot; show.  Other quiet classics on  the record include &quot;Don't Let Go the Coat,&quot; &quot;How Can You Do  it Alone,&quot; and the powerful closing track &quot;Another Tricky  Day.&quot; This is an album that is well worth owning despite its  reputation.
B000002IFN|4.0|I have had this CD for over ten years and I still enjoy it as much as the first time I listened to it.  It is pretty typical Simply Red/Mick Hucknall, which means it is simply good music, a mixture of rock, blues,  and jazz.  The songs are richly recorded, thanks partially to the late  genius engineer and producer Barry Mraz.
B000002OX7|5.0|A masterpiece and one of the absolute best rock albums of the 1970's, &quot;Who's Next&quot; was the first studio album to capture the power of the group's live work.  There is not a bad song on this album and the CD  features several songs from the recording sessions that were left off the  original album.  From the opening &quot;Baba O'Rielly&quot; to the closing  scream on &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; this is as good as rock gets.  Some of the posers in the business today should take note.
6305892946|4.0|&quot;Scream 3&quot; combines scariness, a cool cast, and totally freaky moments.  It can compare by far to &quot;Scream 2,&quot; but not that much to the original.  This is an awesome finale to the trilogy that rocked and  terrifed audiences across the world.  This is definitely a film you'll want  to see again and again.
B0000033OT|4.0|Donny Hathaway debut album is an entertaining introduction to an artist who not only sung, but played, performed and composed straight from the heart. Of all of his albums this is thie most innocent, most playful and  the easiest to listen to. Notice the cover him playing with a group of  children. The splendid everything is everything is a great instrumental  piece with a vocal chorus that one cannot help but sing along with. Je Vous  Aime (I love you)is a sweet love song, a declaration of love straight from  the soul. I belive in my soul is a soul/blues tune about a man who believe  his woman is two timing him. Misty is another simple love song, that is  made exceptional by Donny's gorgeous vocals and some lovely horns. Sugar  Lee is simply an all out instrumental jam session. The ghetto is simply a  timeless classic.  To be young , giften and black is an uplifting piece  adapted from the Nina Simone version. Of course Donny sings it in his own  way and makes it his. The album ends with another Donny hathaway  composition a dream which is another wonderous showpiece for his marvelous  voice. All in all an great album and the tip of the iceberg that was the  artist known as Donny Hathaway.
0802136834|5.0|After all of those incredibly dry history books I read in college of times (way) past and places afar, I thought I'd never be able to read another.  &quot;Six Wives&quot; is a fantastic, incredibly compelling read where Weir  easily makes each &quot;character&quot; real and capable of elliciting  empathy on the part of the reader (as much as we can relate to the 16th  century royal court); super for a fan of contemporary fiction.  Fab!  I'm  hooked!
078401020X|3.0|Basic Instinct strikes me as an okay film; it's decent to some respect but it could have been more.  The suspense level in this film could have been edgier.  Instead, what this film is better at is creating some steamy sex  scenes between Sharon Stone and Michael Douglas.  You probably won't see  more sex in an R-rated film than in Basic Instinct.  Ironically enough, the  film's most suspenseful moments are also the sex scenes as we are left  wondering whether Stone is the killer and if she plans to kill Douglas.   Those scenes work very well as it's a very well-done concoction of  eroticism and suspense.  Most of the film's other moments, though, fail to  achieve much interest.  Still, those scenes are quite well worth the  rental.
0792140923|5.0|It is ironic in an endearing way to try to rate this movie in an intellectual and &quot;important&quot; voice.  Forrest, Forrest Gump shows us that,while we are distracted, fumbling with our strivings for bigger,  better, faster and more, the &quot;stuff&quot; of life may very well be  drifting by us undetected.  This movie celebrates what I think Thoreau  would have classified a deliberate existence.  I watch it regularly to  remind myself of what may be passing me by as I struggle vainly to find it.
6304083777|5.0|Ghost in the Shell; amazing, Ghost in the Shell was so good that it got 2 thumbs up from siskel &amp; ebert, calling this anime, denys what it deserves to be called, cinema.<br />The computer use in this movie for the  animation was excellent, the colors were great, the plot, stroy, and music  were great.  I cant seem to find anything wrong with this one.  <br />There is  one problem which doesn't take away from the movie, really has nothing to  do with it, during the film, she wears a body suit, which could be confused  for nudity, but is not.  <br />I would have to say, not for anyone under 13,  there was no sex, and the only 'nudity' was the body suit.  There was a lot  of violence, and mild language.  <br />Ghost in the shell was AWESOME!
B00003CWL5|5.0|What a tremendous movie &quot;American Beauty&quot; is? Having just finished watching it on video for the first time, I'm glad I didn't read much about it or see many of its scenes, so the vision unfolding is fresh  in my mind. Academy Awards sometimes help or hurt a movie;was the movie  really the best of the year or was there just so much hype? Racing movies  against each other is, of course, preposterous. But &quot;American  Beauty&quot; is a great film, a subtle and harrowing vision of &quot;family  values,&quot; dreams, and the strange beauty of life; we never know what  turn this movie will take; just when we think one thing will happen, the  film veers off into comedy, drama, longing for love,and just when the  viewer thinks he or she has the plot figured out, another twist, yet with  Kevin Spacey's narration, if we listen closely, we know the ending and then  the mystery starts and it also turns into a thriller, but only for a short  time. Kevin Spacey has never been better. Annette Bening is tremendous, one  of our top actresses. The young people portrayed here come from no TV  sitcom. They are complex, full of surprises, reflecting the movie's  surprises.Some people have complained about the scene between Spacey and  his idealized cheerleader. As filmed, it is of the most touching, sad, and  innocent scenes I've watched in recent movies, positively marvelous; and  lesser actors or directors could have ruined this scene. So what had Spacey  found by rejecting the American Dream (Beauty)? Is he finally happy,  fooling himself, or in some fantasy world of his own making? He has won a  different kind of happiness, fleeting though it may be, but at least he  knows it, has had almost one epiphany after another until the shocking  conclussion,and the shock is that the murderer was someone else, someone  who also is lost in the American wilderness of pain and like so many  incidents on the news, finds a final outlet in violence. If more parents  would watch &quot;American Beauty&quot; together, we might have less  Columbine shootings; its always the supposed to be a &quot;shock&quot; that  in a nice neighborhood, things like this don't happen, neighborhoods of  secrets and of, if we look around, days and details of great beauty, and  the greatess gift, the gift to be alive an enjoy each day. &quot;American  Beauty&quot; is a masterpiece that demands to be seen again and again.
B000001ES9|4.0|I was stunned to find out from a friend that it took 21 years for this album to go gold here in the U.S. This is some of Rush's best work right here. It should have went platinum when it came out. And people thought  that COS sold poorly, that album went gold I think ten years ago. That is  an awesome album as well, but anyway, on with the first album... Finding My  Way is a great tune. It has a real Led Zeppelin kind of feel. The opening  riff is amzing, too. NSL, ITM, WYD, and HA are great songs, too. WYD,  especially because of its Led Zeppelin-like sound. It has the same beat to  it as Immigrant Song from Led Zep. This album pretty much sounds a little  like Zeppelin if you listen closely. TAF is a good song you can play for  your friends if they're lonely or depressed or just upset. Not one song on  this album is bad at all. BAA and WM are kicking major ass on this album.  Geddy, Alex, and John do a very superb job. Working Man is by the far the  best song on this album. It shows how much Alex kicks ass on the guitar and  Geddy kicks ass on the bass. John did a good drum job as well. I don't like  the way they perform this song live with Neil, though. It's just not as  good as the album version. Excellent solos, excellent riffs, excellent bass  lines, and Geddy's vocals are what make this song a Rush classic. Hell,  this was they're first hit (well, at least in some places anyway). If you  are a true Rush fan like me, you must own this great album. If you're just  starting to get into Rush, get this disc first. You will not be  disappointed. : )<br />Ciao!
B00000ICD9|4.0|I personally was not that taken by the cinematography as others were.  It was actually the story that grabbed my attention.  This is somewhat surprising because I don't consider myself religious in the least.  But  ultimately I found this story to be more about self-realization and  improvement based on the realization and that is something that engages me.  I found the performances extremely well done and the dialogue still seems  fresh upon every viewing.
B00000IFWE|4.0|I just got around to buying and listening to ECHO and, although I just love the music on this CD, I felt depressed as I listened to the lyrics.  Then I read these reviews and learned that Tom and Jane divorced last year,  and that really makes me so sad.  I believe in love lasting forever and am  so sorry that it ended for Tom!   (I know how tough marriage is, believe  me! )  After so many years together, what happened?   Sure, I'll keep  listening to the beautiful music on this CD because I truly adore Tom and  his band's music, but I'll just feel sad as I listen.  I'm sorry that a lot  of people have given this CD a poor rating because I think that it is so  beautiful, and reflects a natural progression as Tom ages and matures.   He's sure stolen my heart!
6305558167|4.0|I saw this as a fairly young kid and was completely mesmerized by it.  The lead actor (have forgotten his name) is absolutely amazing.  It's always amazed me that we haven't really ever seen this person in another movie (to  my knowledge) in other films.  His ability to transform from simple errand  boy to noble king through the movie is completely believable.  While not  quite as awe inspiring as when I first watched it this is still a great  movie.
B000002KAT|5.0|I can still remember the first time I heard &quot;Madame George&quot; playing on the radio, in a sculpture class at Monterey Peninsula College in the late 60's. I was hooked immediately and I have owned the album in its'  various forms ever since. That it took only a short time to record is  testimony to Morrisonsenormous talent.     More even than the lyricism or  Morrisons inspired delivery, it's the music itself that holds me to this  album, from Harold Mc'Nairs'flute to the violins, the bass, the mandolin,  the whole of this record is a great work of art.Listen to &quot;Beside  You&quot; on a cold, gray, overcast afternoon, the kind where you just want  to take a nap, and you will never forget it.
B00000JGHM|4.0|Unmistakably Michael Mann.  Beatifully shot.  I felt I was watching a long running music video (music is great btw) which is not necessarily a bad thing.  The infamous fight sequence in the streets is impressive and  engaging and the movie does a good job (I assume Mann was shooting for  this) of leaving enough compassion for the villains that you still remain  engaged in their world.  My only beef is the relationship between Deniro's  character and his love interest just came off as unreal.  I'll place the  blame on the female actress's head.  It's a minor beef but the movie as a  whole would have engaged me more with this problem elminated.
B00003XACV|5.0|This is the first score I've heard by Thomas Newman, and the music fits the film perfectly. I remember leaving the theater mesmerized by the music and wanting to enjoy the music again, independent of the film. I was  disappointed when the first CD I saw related to the film was mostly the  popular music used in various scenes, so when the score was released I was  overjoyed.<br />The music is a bit minimalist and the style doesn't change  much from piece to piece. Each title fits perfectly with its portion of the  film -- you'll recall immediately which piece of music played during which  part of the movie. Never overpowering, this score makes for a great listen  by itself and perfectly compliments its source film.
B0000399WI|5.0|Not much more can be said that hasn't been said by others here.  I think I've seen this movie on the order of 20 times and each scene still fills me with excitement and emotion.  This, for me, is almost a perfect movie.  It  is multi-dimensional and ties this different aspects together like I've  rarely seen a movie do before.  You've read the other 5 star ratings.  Now  there is no excuse not to watch this movie.
B000002UZ6|5.0|We recently saw Tina Turner in Las Vegas and she is incredible.  That's why I ran out and bought this CD.  Couldn't even wait to order it through Amazon.com  (sorry!)  This woman is what rock 'n roll is all about.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|If ever there was a novel that has its finger pressed firmly on the pulse of modern day 20-something society, then it has to be fight club
B000002HFU|4.0|Ol' Dirty Bastard is one of the only TRUE original MCs.  His lyricism is off beat and off the wall, but it works.  A french leader by the name of  Seneca the younger, once said that, &quot;...there can be no genius,  without a mixture of madness...&quot;, and ODB proves this statement to be  true.  Any and all fans of Hip Hop should look into purchasing this  album... ...no collection is complete without it.
B00004STPT|5.0|I have now seen Gladiator twice with its stunning visual images of the Roman Empire &amp; the incredible Hans Zimmer score. Constantly playing the CD.<br />Zimmer's music for the drop your jaw staged wide angle battle scene  in Germania is awesome, but so are the many reflective musical passages  throughout the film that speaks about &quot;freedom&quot;.<br />The music  &amp; film fit one another like a glove. Gladiator could have easily made  the AFI's top 100 films of all time, its that good.<br />Hans Zimmer has been  &quot;A busy little bee&quot;!
B00000J7SO|4.0|Recorded at the tail end of his second creative wind (the mid 70's), &quot;Street Legal&quot; is one of those great albums obscured under the ruble of a forty year career. The epic &quot;Changing of the Guards&quot;  launches Dylan into a new musical direction with background singers and  sprightly horns, not to mention that it is truly one of Dylan's greatest  songs. As if to counterbalance his new form with a reminder of his mid 60's  rock albums, &quot;New pony&quot; offers a shamelessly raw rock 'N roll  sound that hadn't appeared on any Dylan record in the 70's and requires  that listeners play it as loud as possible.<br />However, three consecutive  dull tracks ensue, and the album's momentum is slowed considerably.  &quot;Baby Stop Crying,&quot; includes a very good vocal performance by  Dylan and a good chorus, but it takes the new sound of &quot;Changing of  the Guards&quot; to an extreme, and the result is a less accessible sound,  particularly for Bob Dylan. &quot;Is Your Love in Vain&quot; and &quot;No  Time to Think&quot; follow the bland model of &quot;Stop  Crying.&quot;<br />Fortunately, the album makes a triumphant come back with  yet another of Bob Dylan's most legendary songs, &quot;Senor.&quot; With  its &quot;Highway 61 revisited&quot; style guitar licks, haunting  atmosphere and Dylan's brooding voice, &quot;Senor&quot; is as dark as  anything on &quot;Time out of Mind.&quot; The remastering job really shines  on this track, as well. The drums beg for attention and the entire band  sounds very crisp.<br />The brilliant performances do not end there, as the  rollicking &quot;We Better Talk This Over&quot; again offers mid 60's style  guitar rhythms and is one of those rare Dylan performances that is bound to  get your body moving.<br />&quot;Street Legal&quot; joins classic albums like  &quot;Oh Mercy&quot; or &quot;Shot of Love&quot; as the album to get if  you're sick and tired of the over-played hits of Dylan's career. Some of  the songs on &quot;Street legal&quot; are so brilliant that Dylan fans who  ignore the album are doing themselves an egregious injustice. There is no  way that this album could entirely disappoint any Dylan fan.&quot;Street legal&quot; are so brilliant that Dylan fans who  ignore the album are doing themselves an egregious injustice. There is no  way that this album could entirely disappoint any Dylan fan.
B000023X9W|5.0|I almost always get annoyed when I read reviews on the work of neil young; even the positive ones.  I guess because his music has always been so honest and unpretentious; ever-changing to the point where you could never  even categorize him as an artist.  When I listen to a new recording it's  like hearing from an old friend;  finding out what he's been up to and what  he's thinking about these days.  It's not really something to judge.  I  always cringe when someone  compares one recording to another or 'rates'  one era over another.  Why would anyone think they were in a position to do  that?   Of course there are always songs that strike closer to my heart  than others...ones that reflect thoughts that I myself have had.  These  stay with me...the melodies and the words find their permanent place in my  mind.  He's provided a good deal of the soundtrack for my adult life and  for that I am grateful.  <br />So...I won't make a comparison or value  judgement, but I will tell you that I found Silver and Gold to be warm,  gentle, sweet and romantic.  Some songs had me grinnin and some made tears  flow down my face.  Thanks Neil!
B00000253N|5.0|It's all here....the passioniate lyrics,  simplistic, and yet totally effective use of a minimal amout of time-( to put together and record an album), and the reflections of an honest man's state of mind......people  who know Dylan will see that the album is like his early work- quick  &quot;takes&quot; and the honesty that comes with it- singing a song before  it's message is muted by doing too many &quot;takes&quot;....he does this  yet again on &quot;Time out of Mind&quot;,his last effort. The honesty in  doing this is appreciated by people who have played and &quot;lived&quot;  this kind of music.....The songs make men who have had their hearts broken  silently nod from the first listening......
B00003CWOL|5.0|This movie hit me at a time when I was seriously questioning my own true faith having tried several methods of &quot;contacting God&quot;.  It's not that I took this film THAT seriously, but it was refreshing to look a  little beyond the movie and see that other people my age are questioning  the same things I am.  Corny maybe, but true. As far as the protesting was  concerned, there will always be people who are afraid to confront their own  lack of faith.  People who are afraid to question the &quot;religious  authorities&quot; and have an independent thought.  I just don't happen to  be one of those.<br />On to the MOVIE: I loved the Krush Groove vs. E.T.  argument between Affleck and Damon.  &quot;Who's house?  Martin's  house...&quot;  That cracked me up.  And while I enjoyed Selma Hayek (sp?)  in the movie, I disagree with the idea that she stole the show.  If  anything, it was the friendships between Affleck &amp; Damon and Jay &amp;  Silent Bob that impressed me the most.  Smith is the best at inspiring  those sorts of relationships on film.  Alanis Morrisette as God?  I was a  doubting Thomas until I saw her.  She was perfect.<br />Rent this movie or buy  this movie, but SEE this movie.  I've already purchased the &quot;bare  bones&quot; version, and I'll probably pick up the collector's version,  too.  It was that good.
0783225849|5.0|Sure, most people have seen this movie at least once on Video or television, but to experience it on DVD is the trip of a lifetime. This DVD should be viewed with the volume turned up as high as possible, with as  many speaker hookups as you can muster. Bernard Hermann's score has never  sounded this good. No need to review the storyline here, but this is one  classic movie that never needed a modern re-make. From the opening credits  (remember, play it loud) to the final shot of the swamp, every second of  this film is perfect. No matter how many times you have seen it, there is  always something you missed. There are plenty of bonus materials as well,  including the film &quot;The Making of Psycho&quot;. This runs for an hour  and a half and is quite informative on the details concerning many  different scenes and the technical ingredients that were used. It has  extensive commentaries by Janet Leigh, screenwriter Joseph Stefano, and  others, including a short commentary by Clive Barker. Other features  include The original Theatrical Trailer relase which involoves Hitchcock  giving a tour of the house and motel...hilarious. Also check out the  massive newsreel footage about the advanced marketing hype of this film in  1960. It is completely over the top and absolutely brilliant. There is also  a special segment showing the shower scene with and without the music. It's  more disturbing without the music. There is much more as well....just  ACQUIRE THIS WIDESCREEN DVD AT ANY COST. YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!  PLAY  IT LOUD!
6305892946|5.0|Wes Craven knew what he was doin when he first came up with 'Scream' because after that movie became a box office hit everything went WAY up hill, I'm telling you, if you have not seen this movie, I guarantee this  movie to be the best of the SCREAM TRILOGY, they used so much detail from  the last 2 movies and the story line was great and everything about this  movie was wonderful I REALLY wish I could give it more than 5 stars in this  review!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This cd kicks butt. Yes, it may be different than thte old cd, but in a way this cd is a lot better. The songs are more personal and not just a bunch of screaming and cussing. Anybody that does not like this cd is  really stupid and are definately not true limp bizkit fans. This is a great  album and anybody that doesn't already own it, I suggest you go out and get  it.
B00000IO4I|4.0|An introverted young lady who cherishes her late father and keeps his memory alive through his beloved record collection is at the heart of \\"Little Voice,\\" directed by Mark Herman.  Jane Horrocks gives an amazing  performance as Laura, the shy girl with, as it turns out, a very big voice  and the uncanny ability to mimic Judy Garland and Marilyn Monroe, among  others, to perfection.  She lives with her mother, Mari (Brenda Blethyn), a  vociferous floozy, in an apartment above their small record store.  Laura  (whom Mari calls \\"L.V.\\" because of her retiring manner and the fact that  she rarely speaks above a whisper), spends an inordinate amount of time  retreating from her mother to the sanctuary of her bedroom and her dad's  records, where she immerses herself into the music, as well as the persona,  of whichever artist she is listening to at the time.  For the most part she  is ignored by her mother, who also dismisses L.V.'s talent purely out of  disregard.    Enter Ray Say (Michael Caine), a sleazy, contemptuous,  small time theatrical agent, who is picked up and dragged home one night by  Mari.  It isn't long, of course, before he discovers L.V.  When he hears  Judy Garland's voice coming from her bedroom, he thinks he's found the pot  of gold at the end of the rainbow; this has The Big Time written all over  it.  All he has to do now is figure out how to get L.V., the veritable  recluse, up in front of an audience.  Adapted for the screen by Mark  Herman, from Jim Cartwright's play \\"The Rise and Fall of Little Voice\\"  (written originally to showcase Horrock's unique talents), the success of  the movie is assured by a cast that delivers quality performances all  around.  Jane Horrocks does all of her own singing, and when she finally  breaks loose it is truly a delight.  And Herman must be given credit for  not allowing it to be over done; he gives you just enough of L.V. to keep  it exciting and leave you wanting more.  Michael Caine gives an inspired  performance that easily should have won him an Oscar.  His Ray Say is so  finely shaded that you know exactly who and what he is, yet he manages to  overlay him with a smarmy, irresistible charm that keeps him accessible.   His rendering of Roy Orbison's \\"It's Over\\" is an unforgettable cinematic  moment.  Brenda Blethyn is outstanding as well, making Mari just unlikable  enough that you can still empathize with her when she finally gets her  comeuppance.  Ewan McGregor adds a subtle charm to the film as Billy, the  telephone repairman who finds a kindred spirit in L.V, and Jim Broadbent  gives a humorous turn as Mr. Boo, owner of the venue Ray engages for L.V.'s  debut.    Rounding out the supporting cast are Philip Jackson (George),  Annette Badland (Sadie), Fred Feast (Arthur) and Graham Turner (L.V.'s  father).  Funny, and touching as well, \\"Little Voice\\" is solid  entertainment well presented.  It's one you're going to remember, even  after, as Ray Say says, \\"It's over.\\"
B000000OMB|5.0|Take former members of Yes, Emerson Lake and Palmer,The Buggles and King Crimson and you have the supergroup Asia. Asia is John Wetton - bass/vocals, Geoff Downes - keyboards, Steve Howe - guitars, Carl Palmer -  drums. Together they went to number 1 in 1982 with their debut self titled  album. Standout tracks are heat of the moment, only time will tell, sole  survivor, time again, without you and cutting it fine.
B00003CWPR|3.0|Kubrick's mysterious and compelling swan song reinforces, one last time, the fact that he was a cinematic giant in complete control of his art. But his untimely death before the film's theatrical release also raises the  intriguing question of how different this film would have been had Kubrick  lived to make final adjustments, as he was wont to do with each of his  films.<br />While we were left with no answer to that question, we were left  with a psychologically stirring dream epic which is all Kubrick, rough cut  or not: the gorgeous sets, the luscious photography, the luminous lighting,  the bold colors, the deliberate acting -- the movie is so Kubrick that  Kubrick tends to overwhelm everything else, including the story and its  characters, which leads to its major faults.<br />Cruise and Kidman are a  sexually dysfunctional couple who drift further apart when the wife  confesses to having sexual fantasies and dreams about other men, even at  the expense (in her dreams) of sexually humiliating the husband. This sets  the husband on a two-night journey through the dark recesses of New York  City (really London, trying to look awfully hard like NYC to the point of  distraction, like the gimmick where a yellow cab is seen in nearly every  outside shot). In his journey he meets some normal and bizarre characters  and rashly crashes a secret event, a decision he soon regrets and which  starts him on a slippery slide into paranoia.<br />Although there are plot  holes and illogical events in several places (which may be attributed to  the dream tone of the entire film), the execution by this master is  exhilarating and hypnotic, making his last film a cinematic delight and one  which may warrant subsequent visits to mine all of its riches.
B0000027I6|4.0|I'm not unique in that I like Roger Waters and old Pink Floyd (Waters &amp; Co. from DSOTM).  But I seemed to be on a limb with many listeners concerning the new (1994 is new? -- David Gilmour and Co.) Pink Floyd.   There is obviously strong camps for one or the other, and the customer  reviews of any Pink Floyd CD brings this out rather vehemently.  Me?  I  love them all, past, present, and future(?).  All I have to do is listen to  the first few guitar strings of ANY Pink Floyd cut, and I sit back in  anticipation, knowing I'm listenening to one of my favorite groups.  It  doesn't matter to me if it's Roger or David.  It doesn't matter to me if  it's a cut from \\"The Wall\\" or from \\"Division Bell\\".  It's Pink Floyd,  whether it's the group or an individual.<br />As far as \\"Amused to Death\\"?   The very first moment the sound began drifting from my speakers, I smiled.   From the battle-weary old man mumbling remembrances through the satirical  \\"What God Wants\\" and \\"It's a Miracle\\", I find Roger at his cynical best,  and I begin waxing nostalgic.  Here is the anger and the bite that I have  missed for so many years.  Here is the cynicism, both modern and old...and  weary, so clearly resonating from Roger's anguished voice.  Ahhhh, I  wish...I wish....<br />The rumor mill continues, but if wishes were...heck,  you know the old saying as well as I.  The truly sad thing is, I don't know  if I'll ever hear anything coming from either camp ever again.  Roger has  been silent since 1992, and David Gilmour since 1994.  All I can do now is  sit back and listen and remember a talented group of individuals who have  given me hundreds of hours of pleasure.    Between 1 and 10, I give \\"Amused  to Death\\", perhaps Waters' best solo work, a solid 8.  Thank you, Roger.   And thank you, David.  I miss all of you.
B000021Y77|4.0|When her boyfriend Manni, in a panic, absent-mindedly leaves a bag of crime money on a subway in an effort to evade the police, Lola (Franka Potente) comes to the rescue, knowing that Manni's crime boss will suspect  a double-cross if the 100,000 marks is not found or replaced. She does so  in three separate sequences a la Rashomon or Jackie Brown (two imaginary,  one apparently real) with varying degrees of success.<br />Tight, exhilarating  film which starts with way too many MTV-like gimmicks (animation,  under-cranking, over-cranking, video, film, black and white, color) but  eventually settles into its own beautiful pace and never lets up. Potente  delivers an excellent performance as the frantic redhead, running running  running (for what seems to be a quarter of the film), her bright mane of  flames crackling behind her as she sets the streets afire in her  single-minded quest.<br />With all this rushing, it's a small miracle that  director/writer Tom Tykwer is able to build these characters as well as he  does. Even more amazing, though, is that in under 80 minutes they become  one of the most believable on-screen romantic couples of the year, enough  to make this one of the year's best films.
B000003BEV|3.0|Ok,time for a little re-evaluation.Ive upgraded from 2 to 3 stars,after all any album that blatantly copies the Beatles work of pure musical  genius(ie Seargent Pepper)is worthy of serious consideration.And lets face  facts this album is a direct poor mans rip off of Pepper whether you like  it or not,and while most of the Stones work was pedestrian at best,this  pseudo-psychadelic work is where they peak.Though this is generally awful  stuff,it represents the best of the Stones,and overall I highly recommend  Sgt Pepper. To the previous reviewer in regards to the White album,ALL REAL  Beatles fans love it uniformly.
B000002518|5.0|Dylan's music is the perfect blend for this dark vision of the violent west. The &quot;River Theme&quot; with its scene of Garrett and a river-rafting family shooting at each other (first in sport, then in anger,  then stopping a mere moment before tragedy) could be the &quot;music  video&quot; for the Million Mom March. Watch the video and listen to the  CD.
B0000042MY|5.0|I absolutely love the music on this album. If you have seen the movie it will even make you cry. It is beautiful music and people of all ages will enjoy it.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I had kind of lesened to this song Angles on the radio but when Vinc Gill and his daughter Ginny sang it at  AmSouth last night I really did hear the  words and they are beautiful.
B00004LN16|4.0|The knock on AC/DC is that they have been making the same three-chord album for 25 years.  It's true. AC/DC does not get involved with &quot;Big Issues&quot;, or PC causes; they play straightforward rock n' roll. Period.   SUL is not he best AC/DC album to grace the airwaves, but songs like  &quot;Hold Me Back&quot;, &quot;Can't Stop Rock &amp; Roll&quot;, and  &quot;Give It Up&quot; will be remembered with the best.  This band rocks,  they put on some of the best concerts, and my 13-year-old daughter thinks  that I am insane. 'Nuff said.
B000009EO5|5.0|Once Upon a Time in America is, in my opinion,one the greatest films ever. But it wouldn't be half as emotional and haunting without this remarkable soundtrack to accompany it. From start to finish it just draws you in and  dosen't let go! Every song is a work of art. Listen to this soundtrack, you  won't be disapointed.
6303212379|5.0|Being 20 years old, I grew up with this movie.  I remember hurting myself making all those gadgets and trying to act like DATA.  When I was young, I wanted to be a Goonie, and i watched this movie every time I came home from  school.  This movie has that Nostalgic childhood adventure quality, no  matter what your age is.  This is a movie for every generation to enjoy,  it's a classic.  Oh, and who can forget that wonderful 80's soundtrack?  I'm awaiting the day this gem is available on DVD.
B000002H4Q|5.0|One of my first Cure albums, and I wasn't quite sure what to make of it at first.  This album is not as unified musically or thematically as say, Pornography and Disintegration, but it's a great example of The Cure doing  punk/pop rock.  Of course, Why Can't I Be You, Hot(3x) and Just Like Heaven  are radio gold, but this album has much more to offer.  Like Cockatoos  sounds like something Led Zeppelin might have written; the violin in How  Beautiful You Are (my personal favorite on this album) still leaves me in  awe, and Catch is absolutely beautiful.  The Perfect Girl is as giggly as  Robert Smith gets, and it's perfectly followed two tracks later with Shiver  and Shake, where the rock gets harder and the spirit more bitter.  For a  new fan, Galore would be your best bet, but buy Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me  before you transition into the band's music from the early 80s (read:  Faith, Pornography, 17 Seconds). This album lacks the depth of those albums  (and frankly, most of the others as well), but the range is startling on  this album that launched the Cure onto a trajectory that made them so  popular when they released Disintegration.  This is the best Cure album for  new fans who have exhausted the Greatest Hits collections.
0375703764|5.0|This is the first fiction book I've reviewed and I couldn't wait to finish the book to share some thoughts.  Not since &quot;Salem's Lot&quot; came out when I was in high school have I been so terrified while reading a  book...the passages when various characters are lost in the house are truly  the scariest I have EVER read!  While some reviewers found the author's  character development limited, I think Danielewski did a great job with  both stories (as some other reviewers have noted, the Pekinese incident  alone, while only a few pages long, is very affecting).  It is somewhat  disturbing that the author does not reveal any &quot;secret&quot; to  explain the existence of the house.  Hey folks, I think that's the point.   Some readers are used to being spoon-fed and, when forced to think, are  challenged.  Isn't it much more disturbing to conclude that there's no  explanation at all (a la &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot;) than to learn  some sort of implausible Stephen Kingesque &quot;answer&quot; such as the  house was built on a cemetary?  Enjoy this book.  I know I'll be thinking  about it for a long time.
B000003BDJ|4.0|The first disc is still the sound of a band of British gents trying to create American R&amp;B and blues music. Get Off Of My Cloud or Ruby Tuesday don't make me think, &quot;Wow. This is the world's greatest rock and roll band.&quot; &quot;These guys sure have a talent for writing  excellent pop songs.&quot; comes to my mind more. The second disc, however,  is energetic, inspired, amazing blues rock. They experiment. They progress  and, unlike the Beatles who became absurd, through it all they kept their  blues and pop sensibilities. This was the Stones run for the throne. This  kind of material gave them the title, &quot;world's greatest rock and roll  band.&quot;
B000002JS6|5.0|If some part of your body does not move when you listen to this album, something is wrong with you.  Rock on.
B0000067L2|3.0|Cream have been called  rock pioneers, but I find this title to be a joke. This trio was a dime store white blues band. There are a few catchy popish songs such as Sunshine of Your Love and Strange Brew, but tracks like Blue  Condition, Dance the Night Away, Outside Woman Blues and Take It Back this  album copies the blues mold more than they did forge the rock mold. Some  fine instrumentalists, but this band lacks creativity, originality and  flavor.
B000002W9Q|5.0|This soundtrack has a lot of fun and romantic songs. Me and my friends watch the movie over and over and enjoy every time. I liked the movie so much I went out and bought the soundtrack. I LOVE IT!  My best friend and I  recite the &quot;how do you call your lover boy&quot; part. &quot;How do  you call your lover boy.&quot; &quot;Oh Lover Boy.&quot; &quot;And if he  doesn't answer&quot;. &quot;OH LOVER BOY!&quot; &quot;And if he still  doesn't answer.&quot; &quot;I say, BAAAABY.&quot;
B00003CXC7|5.0|Rear Window is almost too good to be true.  It is definitely one of the most perfect movies ever made.  To me Rear Window is a perfect movie.  Everything in it is extraordinary, from the actors James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, and a menacing Raymond Burr, to the writing, editing,  and directing by &quot;Hitch&quot;, to the beautiful color cinematography  by Robert Burks, and even the musical score. Further proof that Rear Window  is so incredibly great, is that it is able to completely enthrall  both  passionate cinema viewers, as well as casual movie viewers.  Also, what is  amazing is that the entire movie takes place in the apartment of James  Stewart's character. I Drove 600 miles about a couple of months to have the  opportunity and privelege to be in the presence and view Rear Window at the  Stanford Theater, because it is the nearest theater to me that would play  this miraculous film on the big screen, and it was worth every mile! Rear  Window is a perfect example of what Hitchcock called &quot;pure  cinema&quot;, and there have been very very few films that are in the same  league as Rear Window, and two others are &quot;Psycho&quot; and  &quot;Vertigo.&quot; All that set aside, when for heaven's sake is the  &quot;DVD&quot;!  going to be released?  It is frustrating as hell to look  at all of the garbage that is released on DVD and some even with a load of  Bonus feautures, while Rear Window being held back for some reason or  another.
B00001OH7U|4.0|This album should have been called &quot;Wild Is The Wind&quot; because that's the best song on the album. Station To Station comes in fourth best in my opinion on this CD, with TVC 15 as second best and Golden Years  third. They put Golden Years on the &quot;Changes&quot; album because it's  the shortest one!<br />  This is the first David Bowie album that's unusual,  and I can't put my finger on it. Not that the songs are incredibly long...I  just don't know.<br />  All I know that this CD is Hunky Dory, and that's good  enough for me!
B0000073OU|4.0|If you haven't heard too much from The Selecter then check out this cd. It's a pretty good cd with a lot of great tracks from their different albums.
B00000IPAX|5.0|i really liked this cd. my favorite songs are- Wendy Clear, The Party Song, and Whats My Age Again. i think that you will enjoy this cd if you get it and if you do i am sure you will recomend it to a friend
0684833395|4.0|As anti-war propaganda, this book is pretty good. All Quiet on the Western Front was better, but not nearly as funny. That's where Catch 22 excels. The book did not convince me that there is nothing worth fighting or dying for (remember the Holocaust?) but it does make you question why you are fighting and whom or what you are fighting for. Heller has incredible wit and humor, and if you can get past the overwritten prose (seems like every other word is an adjective) you'll find some real gold here.
B0000020C4|5.0|The TAC recording is the best recording I've heard so far. I also have the London cast recording, and  it doesn't even come close to being as good as TAC.  As usual, Colm Wilkinson is excellent and so is Michael Ball.  Lea  Salonga is great as well.  Her voice is very beautiful, and she sings a lot  better than Frances Ruffelle.  Ruffelle's voice is disgusting, squeaky, and  it annoys the heck outta me! Some people say that Salonga's &quot;On My  Own&quot; sounds bitter and harsh; I don't agree with them at all.  Hey, at  least Salonga can sing, unlike Ruffelle.  The only reason why people  respect Ruffelle is because she is the first Eponine.  Oh no. I'm gettin'  off topic.  Anyway, consider buying this recording as it is the best, and  you won't be disgusted by F.R.'s horrible voice.
B000001Y79|3.0|I didn't expect much from No Doubt.  I heard a the catchy &quot;I'm Just a Girl&quot; and liked it, but didn't think there was much to it.  I was wrong.  &quot;Tragic Kingdon&quot; has a lot of energy, four or five decent  songs, as lite ska-pop goes, and a good lead singer.  Gwen Stefani actually  reminds me of a female David Bowie circa earler 70's (and I'm not trying to  be redundant by saying a female David Bowie).   Nobody else seems to think  this, but listen to some of the fast numbers on Bowie's &quot;Pin Ups&quot;  and see if you see what I see (er, hear what I hear what I ... you get it).
0553288105|3.0|Aasimov is great at being able to explain and teach science through this work and tell a good story at the same time.  It was a good story, but it did not particulary appeal to me as being great.  I picked up this book  specifically from the library, as it is part of Easton-Press' 'Masterpieces  of Science Fiction' Collection, and I do not want to spend in excess of $40  on a fine leatherbound edition which I do not consider to be a classic in  the genre, and which doesn't particularly appeal to me personally.   Instead, I recommend 'Dune', by Frank Herbert, and/or 'Ender's Game', by  Orson Scott Card, as being two of the BEST science fiction books I have  ever read, and well worth owning.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Marilyn Manson is the greatest music artist out there! This CD is above all my very favoorite! Numbers 1,2,3,4,5,6,10,11,12,13,15, and 16 all rule. I recommend this CD to anyone who is interested in Mr. Manson. Smells Like  Children definetely leads right into this album. Its full of hate,violence  and mayhem! Zimzum did an excellent job of playing guitar on this CD. This  CD is about the Worm inagurating into the Anti-Christ and becoming someone  everyone (besides the fans like me) HATE. Rev. Manson has put a dent on  this pitiful America and he will grow to hate you. He is truly an  inspiration and if you are reading this now, BUY IT!
6305169187|4.0|The plot of this movie is absolutely amazing, and the acting is great too.  But, the problem does not lie in the script.  A few of the scenes are a little too far fetched and there are too many close shaves. If you are  looking for a great action adventure movie that will keep you on the edge  of your seat, though, this movie is for you.
0385483821|5.0|This book is an enjoyable read that is written by the CEO of Intel, this book is noteworthy in that it describes in detail a rare event: the successful change in business models of an already large and successful  company. Grove describes the influences of the overall business environment  (and in particular addresses the concept of a &quot;strategic inflection  point&quot;), the political dynamics and drama within Intel, and a candid  view of what went on in his own head as Intel faced a crisis that could  well have ended in disaster rather than triumph. Grove does a great service  to other executives by reflecting on what he learned from this and related  events at Intel.  There is much to learn from here.
0887307396|5.0|The subtitle of this book sums it up best: \\"successful habits of visionary companies\\".  The authors of Built to Last researched a handful of exceptional \\"well-built\\" and performing companies and compared them to the  \\"next-best-in-class\\" companies to determine what characteristics made the  best companies better than all the rest.  Their research led them to find  many similarities among the \\"world class\\" companies which, of course, is  what the main content of the book is about.  This book had a large impact  on me for a couple reasons.  First, I've used many of the words and phrases  that I learned here and transferred them to my working environment.  (e.g.   \\"mission\\", \\"vision\\", \\"core ideology\\", \\"core values\\", etc.)  Second, I've  been able to use many of the model companies in this book to teach others  in my company how business should be managed.  (e.g. Merck, Hewlett  Packard, Motorola, Wal-Mart, Johnson &amp; Johnson, etc.)  There are so  many good ideas in this book that I made a note to myself to \\"read it once  every year just for some new ideas\\".  I've taught business peers more from  this book than any other I have read.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Alright, this is not just a great album, but a really great album. It has a hard time staying out of my cd player. Every song deserves to be on the radio, and four of them already are. The Offspring have also created very  creative lyrics for Americana. Welcome is a short intro that does a good  job starting off the album. Have You Ever is a great song that has a nice,  singable melody that you will sing for months. Staring At The Sun is a  pretty good song with a nice tune to it that you will also be singing for  months. Pretty Fly, one of the singles from the album that is probobaly the  most well known, is a great rock song with a pop twist to it. The Kids  Aren't Alright, another single from the album, is another song with a great  melody that you will be singing for weeks or months on end. Feelings is a  good rock song filled with a lot of angst. She's Got Issues, another single  from the album, is a great song with a really great melody. Walla Walla is  another good song that isn't full of angst but it isn't full of angst. The  End Of The Line is a really good song that is very tragic. No Brakes is a  great, fast-paced song with a nice chorus. Why Don't You Get A Job, another  single, is a pop song that gets boring after listening to it too much but  it is still a good song. Americana is a good rock song with a lot of angst.  Pay The Man is an OK song with a wierd Egyptian melody.<br />I have no  favorite songs from this album, they are all favorites of mine. This album  has some swears but not many. (Note: if you listen past Pay The Man you  will hear a version of Pretty Fly with Spanish backround noises.)
B00003XACV|5.0|Thomas Newman has been a favorite film composer of mine since I saw &quot;Little Women&quot; over the Christmas holiday season of 1994. He was of course nominated for that score as well as for &quot;The Shawshank  Redemption&quot; in the same year and it was too bad he didn't get an Oscar  for either of them. The score for &quot;American Beauty&quot; covers the  complete, vast landscapes of passions both sexual and emotional and keeps  it all unique (i.e. In the piece entitled &quot;Choking the Bishop&quot;  where Lester [Kevin Spacey] invisions a wet dream of his new love [Mena  Suvari] in the bathtub covered in beautifully blood-red rose petals, Newman  makes the piece original by composing it as sensual but veers away from any  sexual inuendos like the typical saxophone or &quot;candlelight&quot;  melodies). And he makes other pieces like &quot;Arose&quot;, &quot;Walk  Home&quot; and &quot;Mr. Smarty-Man&quot; seem bittersweet and longing for  something (or someone) you feel lonely for. I highly recommend this  beautiful score to anyone who loved this film as much as I did.
B000002MP2|5.0|This is a good album.  It has some great punk in it.  My favorites are tracks 1,2,5,6,7,8,9,10, and 11 but I like the rest of the album, too.  This has a lot of great punk music.  It's really good.  It is all punk with  a few swears scattered in parts of the album.  I'd buy it.  It's my  favorite Green Day album, but I'd buy all five.
B00003CWRX|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; was the first great film I had seen at the movies last year and I had to wait until practically the very end of the year to see one. Russell Crowe gave the preformance of a lifetime as the title  character and the real-life hero Jeffrey Wigand and won an Oscar nod for  his work. He is certainly my favorite contemporary and one of the most  believable actors to come around in a long time. Al Pacino although given  top billing was somewhat shoved into the background when the reviews  appeared in the papers and on tv but Christopher Plummer was given the  worst shaft of all when he didn't get an Oscar nomination as supporting  actor for his brilliant portrayal of &quot;60 Minutes&quot; giant Mike  Wallace. The film is easily one of my three favorite films of '99 (second  only to &quot;American Beauty&quot; and followed by &quot;The Green  Mile&quot;). See it and you will not be sorry in the least. It is a great  film with a stellar cast!
B000009ED0|4.0|This cd is actually pretty good.  There are some great momentts but some horrible ones.  Tracks 1,2,3, and 12 are good but the rest are either OK or they really suck.  I would buy it if you like Kid Rock or if you think you  might like it.  It's an OK but if you want it go ahead and buy it.  But  watch out.  It is rap and some metal.
0064471047|5.0|I had initially heard about the book &quot;The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe&quot; as it was staged as a play. Back then, I had absolutely no idea what the Chronicles of Narnia were, and why my theology teacher had  been mentioning it as a recommended read.  Upon reading it, you would  initially say that it is a beautifully worded work of prose. Dare I say I  had thought it to be a children's book, but upon finishing it, I had to  change my view. This is no ordinary book, and in my opinion, it is C.S.  Lewis' way of teaching his grandchildren how life is, and what is in store  for each and everyone of us.  Definitely a good book.
B00004S6GL|5.0|Elliott Smith amazes me as a musician because he really puts everything on the line when he performs.  When he gets on stage with his guitar and a couple other people--he doesn't have big production or a lot of needless  noise in his music-- you get the instant impression that this is either  going to be really amazing or it is going to tank.  He comes across as  really easy-going but his music has a more serious and tranquil tone to it  than a lot of stuff i like.  It's not like he is going to burst into  indulgent guitar riffs or anything and it gets a little intense sometimes.   Quite the deadpan, he is, but it's a musically pretty album with just the  right amount rocking out.
0425152251|5.0|Philosophy is certainly a complex matter if one researches in how it has come to be and what is happening to it at present. When one comes to encounter it, usually as part of the required subjects to be taken in  college, one would generally be overwhelmed by the myriad ways of thinking  that diverge and do battle in Philosophy.<br />So if you need a primer, what  better way than through a lecture in the form of a story? This  metafiction-cum-lecture is the easiest way to get a grip on how man thinks  about himself and secures his place in the cosmos. Divided carefully into  letters which contain the lectures, it provides for easy transition from  one mode of thinking to another. And since it's in the form of a story, one  need not get bored as it goes on.<br />This book is best read when one is only  at the doorstep of understanding philosophy. And believe me, this book is  just the ticket to loving it.
0767803434|5.0|I was very inpressed with the acting,and action,   music,backgrond and more.A must kepper for action loving fans!
0380002930|5.0|Writers should make more stories like these. Rarely does one find a book that can just make you turn page after page, and a book about talking rabbits nonetheless. <br />This book is a prototype story: plot, character,  conflict, etc. Rich in detail (which makes me wonder if Richard Adams is a  rabbit himself) and full of imagination, it plunges the reader into the  small bodies of these intelligent, resourceful, and lovable rabbits, and  takes him through the journeys and adventures they have upon their escape  from Sandleford. There are also mini-stories within the story, which deal  with the random mythologies and folklore of rabbit legend El-Ahraihrah  (which, by the way, are very well-done).<br />Who would have thought rabbits  led much more interesting lives? I didn't.
6305280711|2.0|This movie(Die Hard With a Vengeance)did not surprise me with the ending of the trilogy Die Hard.Some scenes were poor,and olso there was not a good plot and music behind it.So rent this movie don't buy it.And never listen  to those other creeps saying that it was marvelous because it wasn't.And it  won't be worth the money to rent it either.
B00003CWN3|5.0|As others have said I, too, was blown away by Peirce's darkly hypnotic film. Even though the audience knows the tragic ending you somehow hope that Brandon/Swank will find some escape from his/her plight. The Oscar was  well deserved- looking at the list of other nominees this year there was no  one at the same level as Swank. The film's theme of finding and being  comfortable with your true identity is a challenge to anyone watching it.  Thought provoking in the best sense. It also plainly displays the ignorance  and hate you'll find in your own neighborhood if you look for it. One  interesting point I found. When I went to a large video store to rent the  film there were only four copies of it - maybe a reflection of the local  audience's discomfort with the subject.But for anyone who wants a dose of  honesty about their own prejudices I dare you not to see this film.
B00003CWL5|5.0|this is one of my favorite movies ever. have you ever seen a film that is so emotionally draining that when it's over you don't know what to do with yourself, you just sit there a minute. that's how this is. it's fun and  humerous, very dramatic, often times sad, and it's also very suprising at  some points. basically, all of the main characters turn out unlike what you  first thought they would be. be sure to watch it alone so that you can  fully appreciate it and pay attention. go check it out now!
6305807043|5.0|i think the movie was a very good description of what we actually do when we go to a movie. we make concessions (metaphorically going to the 7 1/2 floor) - breaking ourselves away from something else, giving up some of our  money, driving  through bizarre traffic, dressing up, standing in long  lines, driving hurredly back home to get enough rest to go to work the next  day,or to relieve the baby sitter, or some other family  responsibility,etc.,etc. - all to be somebody else for awhile - maybe  somebody famous -an actor, or actress, or the character that the movie is  about etc.,etc., only to find that being somebody else does not last.   eventually gently, or even sometimes abruptly -as if being dumped along  side a franically busy turnpike which has the sound of an empty infinity,  and we realize we are not that somebody else, that we are ourselves, and  that we must face life, responsibility, etc, just as we are, and just who  we are.  the actor/ess is be no better off than we are as they fumble  through their own lives and at times, for relief, escape from themselves  into what they think the fans think the actor/ess is rather than who the  actor/ess really is.  they too will eventually go through the metaphor of  rudely being dumped alongside a busy, seemingly uncaring turnpike. is this  an example of truely a small world, with a built-in democratcy? i found  this an amazing movie.
067144901X|5.0|Moo, Baa is an absolute must have.  We bought it for my daughter when she  was about 11 months.  It is now (17 months) falling apart -- you can't read  it to her just once -- 3 or 4 times is more like it.  My wife and I both  have it memorized by now!  These are great books for a toddler and you  can't go wrong with them.
6304132271|5.0|All I can say about the movie is that it isx the best movie ever!  Two great actors (brad pitt and morgan freeman) and worlds best director David Fincher (alien 3 and Fight club) Just watch Se7en and enjoy!
B00000K19E|5.0|This film demonstrates that there truly are no boundries as to what the imagination can make real. This has become my all-time favorite film. The Matrix picked my world up and turned it inside out, and just when I'd  adjusted to that, it turned it upside down, too. You will truly be drawn in  by the cinematography. The special effects are seamless. I think that no  other movie at this time is more suited to DVD format than this one.  Inovation has always been a key factor in making a movie a classic film  (especially in the sci-fi genre) and The Matrix will surely be one of them.  It draws you in and when it's all over, it leaves you buzzing. Are you  ready for the next one?
B000005RTQ|4.0|This album still sounds good to me 16 years later.  Excellent musicianship, great production and a heavy sound make this a great addition to any fan of 80's heavy metal.<br />Favorite songs are: &quot;Crusader&quot;,  &quot;Do it All For You&quot;, &quot;A Little Bit of What You Fancy&quot;,  and a cover of the Sweet's &quot;Set Me Free&quot;.<br />Byford has a bit of  a high voice, but it goes well with the music and rounds out what I  consider to be a timeless classic of mid-80's heavy metal.  Enjoy!
0782011098|1.0|Note that in my previous review, in which I commented on the dreadful DVD  transfer, I was only referring to the &quot;That Touch of Mink&quot; DVD.  The Father Goose DVD is not that bad.
078061755X|2.0|No.  This film is not a triumph of the human spirit against adversity.      Emotionally disturbed father does bad job of raising schizoid son with music talent.  The end.      You could &quot;enjoy&quot; the same character  development by hanging out in an inner city bus terminal late at night and  striking up a conversation with the people who approach you for spare  change.      So what was good?  Several truly beautiful performances of  Rachmaninov's compositions.
B000000OU0|5.0|This is the way &quot;Hotel California&quot; was meant to be played.
B00003CWL5|1.0|I know I am in a distinct minority, but I intensely disliked this film. Satire works best when the creator loves his characters, flaws and all. Alan Ball clearly despised his creations, and I echo his sentiment. There  is much about middle-class suburban life that lends itself to ridicule, but  there is also room for intelligence, compassion and wit, qualities I find  all but absent from American Beauty. Being invited to smirk at and feel  superior to freaks -- this is art?
B000002HH2|4.0|&quot;Post&quot; is a fitting midpoint between Bjork's more accessible and pop-oriented predecessor &quot;Debut&quot; and the wildly experimental &quot;Homogenic&quot;.  To coin a Lagassian phrase, Bjork turns it up a  notch musically, refining the pop club sound from &quot;Debut&quot; with  more experimental synth washes and orchestral composition.  In Bjork's  world, electronic beats coexist with classical arrangements.  In more  callow hands, &quot;Post&quot; may have come off sounding pretentious, arty  and uneven.  However with Bjork at the helm, &quot;Post&quot; becomes a  seamless, organic tour de force, a glimpse into the future of pop music.  Listen how &quot;Isobel&quot; starts out with classic strings and gentle  horns, only to lead the listener into a wild jungle of distorted electronic  sounds and ultimately into the dark heart of Isobel who claims she is  &quot;married to herself&quot;.  However, it's not just the music that sets  this CD apart from the rest of the pack, but it's also Bjork's  odd lyrics  and accented voice that further buttress the otherworldly quality of  &quot;Post&quot;. Among the many other gems here, &quot;Enjoy&quot; stands  out as my favorite.  Shrieking horns fittingly punctuate the end of this  song - it's an orgasm literally put to music.  And so is the rest of Post.  Enjoy.
0783240287|5.0|Joseph and the Am... es una versin musical basada en la historia bblica de Jose, quien fue vendido por sus envidiosos hermanos.  Es una obra llena de colorido, musica muy pegajosa y una excelente escenografa. Lloyd Webber  utiliza un popurri de ritmos (reagate, rock&amp;roll, tango, etc), para  recrear en forma alegre y llena de energa la historia. Me recuerda  Jesucristo Super Estrella, aunque esta historia es ms sencilla. Antes de  ver esta obra, gustaba de ver CATS, ahora prefiero esta.
B00000AFGM|5.0|It's not often i listen to music by such a controversial artist yet this cd is one i can pick out of my collection and play over and over. The  tracks are varied in style and most definitely original. The lyrics are  powerful and realy do make you consider conventional life from a different  angle..... if anyone is wondering... im not your spaced goth i dont wear  black and i dont have every record made by all goth artists ever to have  lived i dont practice santanism   but i also dont conform to society's  perception of whats musically acceptable as i listen manson but i do wear  pink and watch friends and like the sunshine. I guess what im tring to say  is this cd is for any one and every one not just die hard goths. Enjoy the  music esp. 'dope show' 'i dont like the drugs.....' and 'the speed of  pain'.  ps catch manson on mtv cos he gives a really cool interview!
0767809246|4.0|I saw this movie when I was 30 years old and recovering from a serious operation.  I watched it with my Dad who has since passed away.  I laughed so hard that I ached from my surgery, but it was great therapy (&quot;Did  LardAss have to pay to be in the contest?&quot;) and I cherish the memory  with my father.  <br />I very much want to watch this movie with my own son  (age 8) and the message about friendship and true goodness would be perfect  for him.  The problem...the language.  I'm convinced this movie could have  been everything it is without the gratuitous profanity.  Reiner does the  same thing in Princess Bride, taking a wonderful kids' movie and putting  foul language in it for no good reason (not as much in Princess  Bride).<br />But, despite the language, I'll be watching Stand by Me with my  son, probably within the next year.
6305537798|5.0|this film like clueless is an updating of a old books for the teenage audience. this is one of the best ones i've seen. in it a pair of sisters can only date if the onther one does. the younger one is extremly popular,  but the other one is unpopular. the is an updating of the play the taming  of the shrew and it is really funny. highly recommended.
B000002MU3|4.0|I was walking through the used-record shop and was disgusted to find several copies of Monster.  Why did so many people give this tantalizing rock record away?  Perhaps because it doesn't offer the mainstream  chamber-folk that hooked them on Automatic, or the jangle-pop that 80's  purists want still more of.  Monster is NOT the shallow, failed attempt at  grunge that many of these crazy reviewers would have you believe.  It's  still got more musical scope than Automatic and its songs range from wild  rockouts to fuzzy ballads.  The beautiful, shimerring &quot;Strange  Currencies&quot; is what the plodding &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; should've  been.  &quot;Circus Envy&quot;, &quot;Star 69&quot;, and &quot;What's the  Freq..&quot; are also standout cuts.  A few of the more experimental tracks  seem half-formed, but none are annoying.  Awash in feedback and pulsing  with creativity, Monster is as unique as any REM album. Delete your  &quot;What's the Frequency, Kenneth&quot; mp3 and buy the whole album,  'cause it's far more than the slip-up, sellout record these fools would  have you believe.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album is the best album ever made. The song nookie was incredible and got people to realize LB was for real.Then re-arranged and n 2 gether now came out showing that LB had more than one good song on their cd. Then  Break Stuff came out talking about a bad day. AND THESE ARE JUST THE HITS!  Every song on the cd rocks including no sex, just like this, and don't go  off wandering. This cd showed that LB can do more than just sing a George  Michael song hard-core style. This cd truly shows how much they have  improved since the 1st album. The 1st album showed how inexperienced the  band was. But now the band had obviously improved the song writing and  music playing. LB is much imroved now. Go Limp Bizkit!
0451169514|5.0|I rate a book by the amount of time spent thinking it over after you've finished reading it. The number of times you reread it , the number of people you lend it to with recommendations that it's not to be missed BUT  wait anxiously till it is returned to you. In short ONE OF KIND . I haven't  read it 74 times but I have read it more that several......... One of my  favorites. See you again on The Talisman page.
B00003CWRX|5.0|The Insider is a brillant, engrossing movie about Dr.Jeffery Wigand a tobacco scientist at Brown &amp; Williamson. He is unfairly fired from his job and after much soul searching Dr.Wigand decides to blow the whistle. He  contacts 60 minutes producer Lowell Bergman to reveal what the tobacco  industry has been hiding from the general public. <br />Lowell wants the  story, however Wigand is reluntance to reveal all of the information  because of outside pressure. Eventually both men agree to do the story with  Mike Wallace performing the interview. The problem is Wigand is violating  his agreement with Brown &amp; Williamson not to reveal any information and  the company issues a gag order against him. The bigwigs at CBS decide not  air the story because of ligitation.<br />I found Russell Crowe, Al Pacino,  and Christopher Plummer performances compelling and awesome. I often asked  myself if I would put my family in hardship over the great good of truth.  This movie really puts that issue in prespective. I would recommend this  movie.
B00003CXDU|4.0|When I first saw the ads for this movie, I squealed in disgust, because, quite simply, all the ads on tv made it look like just another typical cliched piece of garbage. Luckily for me, I was struck down by insomnia on  the night my family rented this, and ended up discovering this movie to be  the gem it is. This film satires the whole Star Trek concept, along with  all the other low grade scifi shows of the 60s and 70s. The woman who's a  pair of ambulatory breasts. The gallant captain who loses his shirt during  battle, showing what a man he is. These scenes are so well integrated into  the film that when Tim Allen's shirt was torn off, I at first thought  &quot;oh, what a blatant attempt to make him look good.&quot; This movie  also features multitude of funny little lines and moments.  The aliens get  kind of annoying pretty quickly, but hey, the movie's good enough. I  definitely recommend it for rental if you need a nice flick, but not worth  a buy.
B00003CWN3|3.0|This movie is not one to see with your young children. Not an uplifting movie but if you are looking for an interesting and unique performance by an actress this is the movie to see.
B000006045|5.0|Very dark CD, with beautiful lyrics over very good beats and dark guitar riffs... there's no other CD quite like this one.  Definitely a top 10 of the 90s pick.  Only bad track is the first Exchange, it doesn't quite fit  the mood at that point of the CD.. (it's still a good track by itself) I  often listen to the CD for tracks 1-4 or 6-11 because it provides a better  listening experience.  The last Exchange is exceptable although the track  before ends beautifully and would have made perhaps the best final track  ever... but it's still okay the way it is... If you don't like this CD at  first that's normal, just listen to it once a week for about a month and  it'll start to grow on you like mold on cheese. No Joke. Before you know  it, it'll be all over you...
B000009RC2|5.0|My high school buddies and I had never heard of John McLaughlin or the Mahavishnu Orchestra (or of jazz-rock fusion for that matter) when we went to see the group in November of 1972, only because Joe Walsh of the James  Gang was opening the show (although we had heard a rumor that McLaughlin  was even better than Hendrix.)  Mahavishnu's opening piece, a 15 minute  version of &quot;Meeting of the Spirits&quot; simply blew me away.  McLaughlin's guitar playing was something I could never have imagined.  Featuring songs from the recently released &quot;Inner Mounting  Flame&quot;, they played much longer verions live to allow plenty of  extended soloing by the five musicians. McLaughlin, Goodman and Cobham in  particular were incredible. An absolutely electrifying and unforgettable  concert. I bought the album a few days later, have been listening to it  ever since, and it forever changed the way I listen to music. It ain't top  40, that's for sure, but it captures the fire and intensity of this superb  group of talented musicians. In my humble opinion, this is the Mahavishnu  Orchestra's finest hour.
B000002B35|5.0|PULSE is, quite frankly, an absolute masterpeice of an album, in EVERY respect. The sound quality is IMPECCABLE, the presentation {of the case design, with the limited edition blinking light, &amp; the stunning cover  artwork by Storm Thorgerson} is unparalleled, and the concert itself {on  the video} is spectacular!  This is a MUST-HAVE for anyone with any taste  whatsoever in music at all. All of the songs are old pre-released ones,  which is one of the major criticisms that people have with this album. But,  ALL of them are significantly BETTER than the original versions. Gilmour's  guitarwork is unmatched - he has never been better. In summary, there have  been various albums throughout history that have staked the claim to  &quot;BEST LIVE ALBUM OF ALL TIME&quot;, but this one really lives up to  the title. EASILY the best ever.
B000002G1Y|5.0|There are certain CDs - maybe 10 in a lifetime - that if you could know ahead of time the joy and emotion they would bring you, you would gladly pay $100's of dollars for.  For me, this is one of them.  Like another  reviewer, I bought it on the basis of hearing &quot;Perfectly Good  Guitar&quot;, and ended up finding there were 5 other songs better than a  perfectly great song in its own right. The album is a rocker, but also one  of the most lyrical albums I can think of, which is what gives it its  lasting power.  This was my first Hiatt CD, and has lead to the purchase of  7 others.  All of them are good, but none as good as this one.
B000002NJS|3.0|I must first say that Orbit did a phenomenal job on this album because it takes a lot to make songs with terrible lyrics sound good.  I would say the best tracks are Frozen and Skin and the best parts are when she isn't  singing.  Don't get me wrong, she has a great voice, but it doesn't really  fit on most of the songs excpet when it's toned down a bit.  The title  track has the best lyrics and conforms most closely to what she's done in  the past.  However, the rest of the tracks would sound better if sung by  Lamb or Portishead in the more laid back vocal style associated with the  electronica genre.  It's a good start though, being an experimental album  and all.  I gotta respect Madonna's ability to adapt to the times and it's  going to be fun to watch and see if Britney Spears will do the same... (not  likely!)
B000009RC2|5.0|My high school buddies and I had never heard of John McLaughlin or the Mahavishnu Orchestra (or of jazz-rock fusion for that matter) when we went to see the group in November of 1972, only because Joe Walsh of the James  Gang was opening the show (although we had heard a rumor that McLaughlin  was even better than Hendrix.)  Mahavishnu's opening piece, a 15 minute  version of &quot;Meeting of the Spirits&quot; simply blew me away.  McLaughlin's guitar playing was something I could never have imagined.  Featuring songs from the recently released &quot;Inner Mounting  Flame&quot;, they played much longer verions live to allow plenty of  extended soloing by the five musicians. McLaughlin, Goodman and Cobham in  particular were incredible. An absolutely electrifying and unforgettable  concert. I bought the album a few days later, have been listening to it  ever since, and it forever changed the way I listen to music. It ain't top  40, that's for sure, but it captures the fire and intensity of this superb  group of talented musicians. In my humble opinion, this is the Mahavishnu  Orchestra's finest hour.
0783239408|3.0|I was eager to see this once available on rental because I was wondering what all the fuss was about.  After having seen it, I'm still wondering.  At the risk of inducing a lot of indignant e-mail, I have to say that I  didn't think this film was all that great.  As a matter of fact, it was  only somewhere between okay and good.<br />Admittedly, it was an effective  lampoon of American culture, with the clear message that life is ironic and  we need to get our priorities straight.  But it was far from a defining  moment in cinematic history, as has been implied in all the hype.  The fact  that it is being referred to as one of the greatest movies of all time  sends me an even more frightening message about American culture than the  film itself.<br />The film had a sardonic tone and a wry style, most certainly  by design, but it was taken to excess to the point of being bizarre and  cartoonish.  The humor was sophomoric, the characters were more like  caricatures than people, and everything in the film was dreadfully clich.   The story gets high marks for irreverence, but not for realism or  subtlety.<br />The direction by Sam Mendes, other than that of the actors, was  really nothing special.  Other than a few vista shots, some rose petal  shots and the dancing paper bag, it was visually pretty mundane.  It was  also structurally unsound as a first person narrative.  The narrative  format is from the speaker's perspective and implicitly must limit itself  to events the speaker experienced directly or of which he had indirect  knowledge.  The film included numerous scenes and conversations of which  Lester could not possibly have had any knowledge by the end of the film.   That's just sloppy storytelling.<br />The one area where this film shines is  the acting.  Though I don't agree with the character interpretations, the  character presentations were superb.  Kevin Spacey was fantastic as Lester.   He got better as the movie progressed as he was allowed to breakout of  his caricature.  Annette Benning was not allowed that luxury, but played  the fanatical yuppie role to the hilt.  Thora Birch as daughter Jane had  the good fortune of playing the only realistic character in the entire  movie.  She was quite impressive, playing the part with a sensitivity and  poise belying her experience as an actress.<br />This was a decent film, no  more, no less.  There were so many excellent films in 1999, that it is hard  for me to understand this film's mass appeal.  Perhaps we have become so  overwrought as a society that this film struck a chord.  That is decidedly  to its credit, but it doesn't make it a great film.  I rate it a 6/10.  A  huge disappointment.
0446677450|1.0|rambling in structure, pedantic in tone, but superficial in insight. takes 30 min to get the jist of it; and that is too long to spend on this book.
B000000XB9|5.0|The songs on this CD are probably responsible for more speeding tickets than beer and women.  This is &quot;rip off your head and spit in the hole&quot; rock and roll with &quot;Proud Mary&quot;, &quot;Bad Moon  Rising&quot;, &quot;Traveling Band&quot; and an 11 minute version of  &quot;I Heard It Through the Gravevine&quot; to help you cool off after  dancing to this music.  (You will dance even if you are two days  dead)<br />The one notable missing song from this CD is &quot;Born on the  Bayou&quot; which can be easily remedied by ordering volume two of these  chronicles at the same time you are ordering volume one.  While you are in  a shopping mood, I would highly recommend John Fogerty's newer works,  notably &quot;Blue Moon Swamp&quot;, &quot;Centerfield&quot; etc.  His  voice has lost a little of that &quot;gritty&quot; sound that we love so  well, but he still rates 4&amp;1/2 stars compard to what else is available  these days.
B000002KNY|5.0|all talking heads albums are great [with the exception of 'true stories', but thats more of a soundtrack than an album proper] but this is the best. it combines the minimalism and edginess of the first two albums with the  african instrumentation and polyrhythms  of 'remain in light'. like my  bloody valentine or sigur ros, talking heads distilled their guitar sound  into its base elements on this album; a unique, scratchy, edgy noise. brian  eno's contribution is evident in the strange sounds and effects which run  through this album. far from sounding dated and gimmicky, however, the  production still sounds fresh and exciting. tina weymouth's bass makes the  faster songs pure dance music [the subsonic bass drops on 'i zimbra' sounds  have to be heard to be believed; it sounds like whales' mating calls!]. the  slower songs such as and 'air' 'mind', and the ballad 'heaven' are  beautiful, and  never sound trite or cliched. <br />lyrically, david byrne is  on top paranoid form; his chracters see the banal aspects of everyday life;  paper, guitars, pets, even air, as either crushingly important or terribly  threatening.  there is also a strong feeling of claustrophobia permeating  the album, such as the endless descriptions of disorientation is 'life  during wartime' and the cry of 'i'm stuck here in this seat' in 'memories  can't wait'. <br />this album is talking heads at the height of their  creativity; fulfilling the promise of their early material but avoiding the  later works' occasional lack of focus.
0440180295|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much. Vonnegut wrote a great book with good use of words and a strong statement about war.I enjoyed Billy's strangeness very much. He developed the characters very well, and he made each of them  round by showing different aspects of them. This is also a very good  science fiction book that does not follow the exact mold of one. I say that  because the aliens in the story have very little to do with Billy course  (the time-traveling) through life. I also like how the book doesn't really  follow any set plot line. It skips from one point in Billy's life to a  different one without warning. This was an extremely enjoyable book with a  lot of twists and turns, and any one who enjoys sci-fi books or just a good  read will love this one.
0792139771|5.0|First: The battles! No movie shows you a realistic sword battle like this one does. They really &quot;get medieval&quot; on their a...! (literally)<br />Second: Catherine McCormack! I'm surprised this amazingly gorgeous and talented actress hasn't become a superstar yet, but she surely deserves it. Those Hollywood guys must be sleeping or stoned not to notice her!<br />As for the rest of the movie, it's way overlong, too preachy, and Mel's character is simply not believable. No &quot;Best Picture&quot; material (its Oscar notwithstanding) for certain, but... Hey, who cares!
B000002MFE|5.0|Clapton's Unplugged is a really spectacular recording and probably Clapton's best of the 90's. Everyone knows Layla and Tears In Heaven, but Unplugged also works marvelously as a live acoustic blues album. Just check  out his soulful renditions of Before You Accuse Me, Alberta, Robert  Johnson's Malted Milk and Walking Blues, and Muddy Waters' Rollin' And  Tumblin'. Unplugged should be owned by anyone who plays acoustic guitar. In  addition to being a great album it's also a wonderful reference tool in  learning the acoustic guitar. Anyone who is able to master Clapton's  fingerstyle playing on Hey Hey is pretty darn good.
0783242808|4.0|This movie was raunchy and funny at the same time with an underlying moral message to boot!  The plot revolves around four guys trying to lose their viginity before the prom and the various ways they go about it.<br />Some of  the scenes are perverted, but isn't almost every movie about teenagers?   The best story line was the one where the star jock joins the chorus to  impress a girl and ends up delivering the moral lesson of the movie- sex is  not as important as most teenagers would like to think.<br />The actors did a  great job and this movie never gets boring or slows down- a good, funny  movie to watch.
6304696566|4.0|If you only ever see one John Wayne film, this is the film to see.  The story is about a single man whose only family is wiped out by Indians. He loses his brother and his brother's wife and their two daughters.  The  bodies of the daughters are not located in the aftermath of the attack, but  John Wayne and Jeffery Hunter (a rising young star at the time) form a  search party to look for the girls.  The searchers soon find the body of  the older girl (Hunter's fiance and Wayne's niece) but the younger girl is  still missing.  At this point the action begins.<br />Although the other  members of the search party give up, Wayne will not give up, and Hunter  stays by his side, at first in hope and then in fear that once Wayne finds  his niece he will kill her. This is the macho west, where white men killed  their women if they had been degraded by a &quot;redskin.&quot;  The  question for the rest of the film is what will Wayne do when and if he ever  finds his niece. It might not seem like much of a story line, but it sure  holds the audience captive.<br />Oh, and if Wayne finds his niece, she might  be played by a very young Natalie Wood.
B00003OSSL|4.0|I thought this would be another formula movie with Harrison Ford but I was surprised that this film didnt fall into any easy characterization. Director Sydney Pollack is plumbing some uncharted emotional depths and the  result is a thoughtful and deliberate movie that while not completely  succesful will leave you thinking about it after its over. Harrison Ford is  very convincing in his role and while Scott-Thomas leaves something to be  desired in the range of her acting abilities they actually make a  believable pair.
B000002JEV|5.0|BBC Sessions shows the white-blues side of Led Zeppelin, a side of them that only showed itself on occasion. In these live sessions, they perform awesome versions of their blues tunes, (You Shook Me, Since I've Been  Loving You, I Can't Quit You Baby) and some other classics that only appear  on this collection (Travelling Riverside Blues, Somethin' Else, Boogie  Chillun). But Zeppelin never ceases to let their more dominant hard rock  side come out and play (Heartbreaker, Whole Lotta Love, Communication  Breakdown, Dazed and Confused). There's something here for everyone, the  blues fans and the hard rock fans. My favorite part of BBC Sessions is the  little acoustic bit where Zep does a wonderful Going To California then  goes straight into the beautiful That's The Way. All fans of Led Zeppelin  should own this.
0385491026|1.0|There seemed to be no point to this book. It does not typify womens' relationships, and it is extremely frustrating to read, because the main character is a real sissy. She's been mistreated by her friends as a child,  yet keeps hoping to run into them again. It makes little sense. There is no  climax or real story-line. The book is little more than a bunch of  flashbacks.  I was extremely disappointed. You can do a lot better!
0767825411|5.0|This movie is excellent!It has great special effects and comedy and it has an awesome soundtrack! It also has an all star cast! Bill Murray,Dan Aykroyd,Sigourney Weaver,Rick Moranis,Harold Ramis just to name a few.This  movie also has a great mix of comedy and horror.There isn't a to terrible  amount of bad language either.The only scene that disagrees with me is when  Venkman visits Dana just after she was posessed.I believe that little kids  may find that bit a little scary but besides that it is a great movie!
6303039456|4.0|Cool Runnings is a fast paced, well-filmed movie with just enough action to keep you entertained and just enough sentiment without being syrupy.The required profanity to get the coveted PG rating will offend only the most  prudish. John Candy never picked his movies carefully, but he hit on a good  one for him here. This is Rocky I without the blood and melodrama, a root  for the underdog movie that doesn't leave you feeling cheated in the end or  ashamed you actually sat through a movie with a preschool plot.The bobsled  scenes are exciting and colorful. Buy this movie for a family night where  mom and the kids will laugh and cry and dad won't doze off.
6302468027|5.0|Bates and Tandy at one of their best. A story within a story dealing with love,friendship and hard times of two women. The more I watch this the better it gets every time.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|This was one of the very few films that I have stopped, rewound and slid back in the case before it was over. I thought this film would be a fun trip into fantasyland with crazy things and zany people, not to be taken  seriously, just a lot of crazy zany fun. Well, it didn't even do that, it  was bad folks, baaad. And movies have to be pretty bad for me to shut them  down. Will Smith was not convincing in his character as he also was not  convincing in his roles in &quot;Independence Day&quot; and &quot;Men in  Black&quot;. He looks much too young for these characters and shows not an  once of maturity in his lines and actions. If he acted more mature, it  could help offset his youthful looks. Its like watching a little boy  playing grown up characters. Perhaps thats what turned me off &quot;Wild  Wild West&quot;. Don't waste your time on this one.
B000002H70|2.0|Puzzlingly popular Floyd-like prog rocker from Smith. Songwriting at an all time low with tuneless dirges such as the execrable 'Closedown' and 'Untitled'. 'Pictures of you' goes on and on boring the pants off the  listener. This sort of filler would never have seen the light of day on  early cure. Touching lyric on 'Last Dance' though. Only two worthy tracks  are 'Prayers' and the title track but even that was overproduced. Talented  and imaginative, Smith never had the juice for a long term carreer in my  opinion.
B00001NFCY|2.0|There is simply nothing special on this cd. The music here lacks lots of things. It is very simple and uninspired. Don't get me wrong, I've heard lots of music that is simple yet great. But this one lacks the spirit. It  might sound very good to you the first time you listen to it, but  eventually you will see that it just gets boring instead of getting deeper.  The lyrics are alright, and some are very thoughtfully and emotionally  written like Inside Us All. But overall I think the only reason for Creed  to get here is commercialisation. There is nothing more to their  &quot;success&quot;.
0920236251|5.0|I've been reading Munsch since childhood - but re-reading this book for a Children's Lit course was a delight.  This book sets a fine example for children (and adults) about the value of role reversal and what it can  teach us about the divide between the sexes.  In theory, this is too  complex for children to understand, yet it does send the message to  children that girls can be heroes, too. And unlike the siliconed, pancaked  Bond girls, the Paper Bag Princess comes through in fine style.
0788811355|5.0|This movie makes you feel like falling in love but leaves you aware of the consequenses. It's by far the most beautifully filmed movie, with love, betrayal, and passion galore. A must see!
0783240503|5.0|Making a video film of this musical is a painstaking task, but the Really Useful Company have really done a very good job making this film. They have really preserved the magic of the stage show while condensing it to fit the  small screen. The star of this video is, of course, Donny Osmond, who,  though he may be too old for the part of Joseph, preserves the youth in the  role. He sings exceptionally well, and one can imagine the emotioin he puts  into &quot;Close Every Door.&quot; For those who haven't seen or heard  Maria Friedman, her Narrator is truly a treat for both the ears and eyes.  She is an excellent actress, and her portrayal is youthful and energetic.  Robert Torti as the Elvisesque Pharaoh gives a powerful portrayal, and he  is better here than he was on the US cast recording. The Elvis  impersonation turns out well, and he is very comical. As for the supporting  cast, they come out very well indeed, with Joan Collins very seductive as  Mrs. Potiphar. If this is a PG-13 scene, it isn't as it doesn't do any  harm. The sets and costumes, which owe a certain debt to cartoons, only add  to the viewing pleasure as they reinforce how child-like this show is as  nursery rhymes. The children are not bad also, behaving themselves  extremely well while having fun in this show. Overall, alongside THE SOUND  OF MUSIC, this turns out to be an excellent family musical that can be  viewed by everyone, and a video that is sure to find a happy home in any  musical library.
0385493800|4.0|Skip through the overly long and overly-described passages about Nate's rainforest expedition (it becomes tedious and redundant) and you'll find a clever story of greed and the world's greatest &quot;Gotcha&quot;.  <br />I  want to know more, though! What, for instance, happens when 11 billion  dollars falls into the hands of a Christian organization with a political  agenda?  It could certainly change the course of human events and world  politics.  How long will they display &quot;christian&quot; goals before  the greed, eventual dishonesty and the hunger for power that accompanies  such wealth changes even THEM?  And I want to know what happens to the  litigious heirs and their greedy lawyers.  What happens to them?  How do  they spend their inheritance?  How long does it take those grossly  unlikeable thugs to go through the money?  How do the lawyers deal with the  transfer of wealth from their clients' pockets to their own?<br />How about a  sequel, Mr. Gresham?<br />This book is definitely worth your time, and I  highly recommend it.  Just skip through the rainforest passages, like I  suggested.
B00003XACV|5.0|This CD is hands down the best I've ever owned. AMERICAN BEAUTY is my absolute favorite movie and my favorite musical score to boot. I saw another reviewer do this earlier so I'll explain my favorite tracks on the  CD:<br />Track 1. &quot;Dead Already&quot; : This has a rhythmic tonality all  its own. With the world music flare, this track constantly reminds you of  the spectacualr film it accompanies.<br />Track 2. &quot;Arose&quot; : From  the scene of the roses, this song makes you look up thinking you'll see  Mena Suvari in a bed of roses on the ceiling. (I wish!)<br />Track 5.  &quot;Mental Boy&quot; : This somber arrangment accompanies &quot;American  Beauty&quot; as the most dominate theme. It is very crisp and clear and  perfectly fitting to the scenes.<br />Track 7. &quot;Root Beer&quot; : What  I've noticed with this is that you think Mena Suvari's gonna step out from  behind you and grab your er... Root Beer!<br />Track 8. &quot;American  Beauty&quot;/ Track 18. &quot;Any Other Name&quot; : The main theme to the  film's second half and the most touching and kind of them all.<br />Track 19.  &quot;Still Dead&quot; : Basically the same as &quot;Dead  Already&quot;.<br />Overall, the soundtrack matches the film persicely and  shows just how beautiful music can be. (...look closer...)
0440234743|5.0|Grisham gets your attention from the first page and doesn't stop till the last word of the book. The characters were well presented and caried out. This novel is a must for those who love to read great books and love the  legal battle.
6303212379|5.0|I used to watch this movie all the time when I was younger.  I still do, I can't wait for the DVD:)
630575067X|3.0|This movie has great special effects, but the human characters are dull.  Liam Neeson is a fine actor, but in this movie, he appears listless and bored.  Ewan McGregor, who plays Obi-Wan, has some potential, but his lines  in this movie were too simplistic and banal.  Natalie Portman was about as  animated as a stone monument, and her costumes and makeup were really  bizarre.  It made Carrie Fisher's hairdo in Episode 4 look stylish.  Darth  Maul was an interesting character, but his face makeup and horns were silly  looking.  It reminded me of a WWF wrestler.  I found Jar Jar Binks to be an  annoying pest.  Jake Lloyd's character was too young for me to believe he  could accomplish everything he did in this movie.  Let's hope George Lucas  learns from his mistakes in Phantom Menace, and makes a more serious,  mature film in Episode 2.
B00004SVID|5.0|Ah, when you say Pink Floyd the 1st thing that comes to your mind is &quot;The Wall&quot;. A cult classic in many ways,depicting a picture of a Rock God on a downward spiral from fame and fortune, and a perfect  soundtrack to many of our lives. The way Roger wrote The Wall is mind  boggling, infact so much that to fully understand it you need to see the  live show, complete with Gerald Scarfe's amazing art work. These Cd's are  gaurnteed to send shivers up your spine. Now, the first song In The Flesh,  the gutuiar work has never sounded better, but the vocals aare a bit rusty  but thats ok. The Thin Ice is perfect, obviusoly it took Roger a second to  warm up. Another Brick In The Wall pt. 1, very good you feel the real  emotion (this being dedicated to his father going off to war) of the song.  Another Brick In The Wall Pt. 2 its ok, but the solo never ends! 4.Mother,  its good, kudos to roger on this 1 5.Goodbye Blue Sky very good...you can  defintley see the spiral begining. Im gonna go on and skip to my fav song  on thins cd WHAT SHALL WE DO NOW? The RAW POWER of this song is  overwhelming. Goodbye cruel world, very good (showing he has hit rock  bottom)then all the songs are great up to run like hell...AMAZING Roger and  David switching off vocals every line!  It is UNBELIVABLE!  and then  outside the wall ends it all and is a perfect ending
B000002U82|4.0|I think 'Dark Side of The Moon' turned out to be a really good album. 'That Is All'!
B000007T1M|5.0|This CD is good all the way through.  The opening of Suite-Pee displays the guitarist's amazing talent, the initial drumbeat of Know is executed very skillfully, and the singer displays his very different, very cool  voice throughout.  Unlike most of the CD's I own, every song on this one is  good.  System of a Down manages to maintain great sounds in all 13 songs.   I urge you to pick up this CD if you have any interest in metal.  I'll  definitely get their next CD.
B000002AH9|5.0|This is probably the most unique and best of all the Billie Holiday albums you will ever hear.  There is an obvious departure from her small band jazz recordings.  All the songs are soft and mellow and are accompanied by a  full orchestra with strings and even a vocal chorus.  I wish she would have  recorded more of this type of music with Herb Ellis.  The selection of  songs are what makes this a classic.  Her moodfull singing of songs about  hearbreak and love accompanied by  Herb Ellis' orchestra will make this a  must have for any Holiday fan who hasn't heard this album already.
8478884955|5.0|This book keeps the same mistery and fun of the first one. This time, 11 year old Harry and his friends have to know who is the descendant of Slytherin and opens the chamber of secrets where lives a a big snake.So  Harry, Ron &amp; Hermonie do extraordinary things to find out.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Back in high school, I was treated to a reading of the original 6 song release.  It had &quot;Young Man Blues&quot; with Roger's ferocious scream along with Keith's manic drumming and Pete's lofty guitar!  From there, you  had &quot;Substitute&quot;, &quot;Summertime Blues&quot; with John's  gravelly voiced answer: &quot;I'd like to help you, son, but you're too  young to vote!&quot;.  They cover Billy the Kid and the Pirates'  &quot;Shakin' All Over&quot; (later to be covered by the Horslips from  Northern Ireland).  You then had the extended jam of &quot;My  Generation&quot; which turned into a medley featuring &quot;See Me Feel  Me&quot; and &quot;Sparks&quot;.  And the LP would close with &quot;Magic  Bus&quot; (with Pete offering to sell the beloved bus &quot;for 100 English  pounds!&quot; and Roger refusing: &quot;No!  Too much!&quot;).<br />Here's  what we missed from the original LP up until the rerelease in 1995: John's  sinister &quot;Heaven &amp; Hell&quot;, a medley of &quot;Fortune  Teller&quot; and the silly &quot;Tattoo&quot;, a spoken intro by Pete  following &quot;Young Man&quot; (&quot;He was a jazz sage.. quite what that  means I'm not sure&quot;- welcome to the camp, Pete!), &quot;Happy  Jack&quot; (with Keith poking fun of Germany: &quot;Hrum pum pum  pum!&quot;), &quot;I'm a Boy&quot; (kind of young to be crossdressing, huh,  Billy?), the miniopera &quot;A Quick One&quot; (Pete rather bluntly  explains the story at the intro, and Keith insults Ivor the Engine Driver:  &quot;Dirty old sod!&quot;), and &quot;Amazing Journey/Sparks&quot; the  only segment included from the rock opera Tommy.  This makes the already  great Live at Leeds more complete!  Check out one of rock and roll's finest  live albums today!
B00004STPT|2.0|Alright, everyone has been harping on Zimmer / Scott's (mis)appropriation of Holst's 'Mars', and this is a noble gripe but not for plaigaristic  reasons. It is just that this entire CD sounds like rehashed and reheated  temp music. Be it Zimmer's own action music (like Crimson Tide and The  Rock) or a liberally copied motif from Vangelis' 1492 or the large list of  classical pieces that have been cobbled together here (such as Wagner's  funeral music from Siegfried, or the unforgivable rip-off of Gorecki's 3rd  Symphony in the track 'Am I Not Merciful?'). All this would be forgivable  of course if it simply worked. But it is so disjointed and choppy, it seems  the score and hence the album can never make up its mind. Blame Zimmer,  blame Scott, blame whoever. Just don't blame Lisa Gerrard, whose low key  and haunting contributions are the only truly redeeming passages here. You  know, I was so excited for this soundtrack a month ago and now that I have  heard it, I can't for the life of me remember why. A real disappointment,  especially given the subject matter. Heck, Phantom Menace (The Flag Parade,  etc.) has much better gladiatorial music than this travesty.
B000002IWQ|5.0|And I DO NOT take that review title lightly - Rush have had a few undesirable CD's over the past few years, and this 20+ year RUSH fan can attest.  This CD brings them 'back to form' (pardon the overused term),  with less synth and great songs.  Even new Rush fans can get into this I am  sure - lots of energy and catchy songs.<br />For a band that is approaching  it's '30 year together' mark, this is an awesome yet original effort.
B000000OF6|5.0|Queen is one of the greatest bands of all time and deffinetly deserves a look. From the comical  &quot;Bicycle Race&quot; to the emotional &quot;We are the Champions&quot; this cd has it all.When I first heard  &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; I instintly became a fan and you will to. Do  yourself a favor and buy this cd immediatly!
B000002HPV|5.0|this is by far the most intelligent album bjork has created... she has put so much thought and emotion into it... try listening to 'joga' on e... anyway... joga hunter and all is full of love mad props try buying the  remixes too if you can.... a very individual extreme sweet artist youll  have a mental orgasm
0671015206|4.0|I read this book about a year ago and liked it pretty well.  It's got lots of statistics about Millionaires.  Like the most popular vehicle of a millionaire is a Ford F150 (not a Lexus or BMW)if I remember correctly.  And most of them have never made much money really.  They just spent a lot  less than they made.  I would say that the biggest value of this book is  that it can change the way you think about what's required to become  wealthy.  You will come te realize that your worth in the long run is much  more dependant on your ability to save than to make money . . .
B00003CX59|4.0|Before you watch this movie, please have a heatry meal! After the show you won't be able to touch food for a week or so. I liked Miranda Richardson, but she could've done without that wig.  The cast is excellent.  The faces  are most unusual.
0800141660|5.0|For anyone who enjoyed Emma, Pride and Prejudice, or the like, this film is a must see! For those unfamiliar with similar stories, seeing this one will certainly spark your interest. The setting, costumes, and acting are  all beautifully done, and the endearing story and on-the-side humor  coincide perfectly!
B000002UAO|5.0|You know I thought about giving this CD 4 Stars since it seems like I give every Beatles CD 5 stars, but I decided it was important to give this one in particular 5 stars because it marks such a dramatic change in the band's  life.  It's with this CD that the Beatles really matured.  With songs like  Norwegian Wood, Nowhere Man, and Drive My Car, this is just a great overall  CD, but the feeling of this CD is a lot different than many of the earlier  ones, it has so much more meaning behind the lyrics and it seems like you  can really sense the Beatles maturing.  A Great Album all around.
0553274503|5.0|I am writing this review when I have just finished reading the book about 1hour ago. I have the feeling that if I don't write this now, I'll never get down to writing it and it will simply be forgotten and stuffed away in  another part of my memory. (Whoops, am I beginning to sound like Charlie  nearing the end?) Which is quite a pity for such a wonderful story.<br />If I  were to describe the story in one word, that word would be  &quot;poignant&quot;. This book has aroused my emotions and stimulated my  thoughts in the span of what, 2 days? Although it is not to the extent of  making me cry (no book has done that to me before), I keep getting this  funny tingling sensation at those especially emotional scenes. I have  experienced this at least 7 times throughout the reading.  <br />In my  opinion, David Keyes did an extremely good job in employing the use of the  first person view, journal style writing where the main character, Charlie,  narrates the events to the reader. More than once have I marvelled at the  way Keyes writes about the range of feelings and emotions that Charlie goes  through. Keyes has portrayed them in an extremely realistic manner. I'm  willing to bet that for Keyes to have achieved that, he must have thought  about how he himself felt in certain situations and applied them to  Charlie's character. Why? Because some of the feelings that Keyes describes  are almost exactly the same as what I have experienced. That's what makes  the story even more grippingly realistic. The darker side of human emotions  such as anger, hatred, frustration and fear are shown more in the story.  More than halfway through the story I was already feeling that the story  was starting to become quite frightening because of its realism. It  thoroughly explores the world of human emotions. To all psychology  students, don't miss this one.<br />I think the most prominent theme being  discussed throughout the story is that of intelligence. The story questions  whether intelligence is really a good thing. Before the operation, we see  Charlie Gordon the moron with an I.Q. of 70, the honest, trusting,  good-natured and likeable Charlie Gordon. After the operation, we see the  super-intelligent Charlie Gordon, highly knowledgeable in many fields,  master of 20 languages, and yet arrogant and unable to connect with and  relate to ordinary people. He begins to see, but not tolerate the  inadequacies of the normal human being. Charlie's only salvation comes from  the fact that he once experienced life with an I.Q. of 70. That is why at  the end he finally realizes his mistake. He says, &quot;Intelligence and  education that hasn't been tempered by human affection isn't worth a  damn.&quot; This is a contrast to the scientists, Professor Nemur  especially, who has the benefit of education but is almost incapable of  sensitivity and feeling emotionally. Somebody once told me that there is  greed and ambition in this world because of education. That's something  worth thinking about.<br />Hmm...now I've come to the last part: why the Flowers  for Algernon is so beautiful. To me, the story is basically about the  psychological journey about a man, a man who has lived at the two extremes  of intelligence. Some people have commented that the story is a dark and  depressing. I disagree. The final part of the story where Charlie is losing  his intelligence and he has to face it is indeed heart-wrenching, as we see  how he slowly becomes the old Charlie again, and how he has to painfully  let go of certain things. <br />Yes, the story is full of ups and downs, and  the downs are indeed more than the ups. In fact, isn't there only one  &quot;up&quot; in the story? The part where Charlie finally realizes what  intelligence really means, and the Charlie of the present finally learns to  live with the Charlie of the past. In my opinion, that is the very pinnacle  of the story. He discovers how to truly live life to the fullest, he learns  about using intelligence not just for himself, but for the world, and he  conquers his fear to experience the joy of love. However short-lived it may  be, I feel that it overshadows all other parts of the story, even if he  loses everything at the end. Good things cannot last forever, and perhaps  that's what makes them even more beautiful. There is true beauty in  Charlie's words when he says, <br />&quot;Alice knows everything about me now,  and accepts the fact that we can only be together for a short while...It's  painful to think about that, but what we have, I suspect, is more than most  people find in a lifetime.&quot;
B000002UAX|5.0|This is a great collection of songs, but what still amazes me more than anything else is has varied all of these songs are.  You have everything from &quot;Revolution #9&quot;, which is so far ahead of its time its not  even funny.  In fact even in todays world of sampling and mixing this song  is still ahead of its time.  Then theres my all time favorite song from  this album, and probably my second favorite Beatle's song, &quot;Ob La Di,  Ob La Da&quot; it's not only a great karaoke song (hehe), but it's also  just a great all around song, which really makes you want to have fun.  Then of course there's the zany lyrics of &quot;Me and my Monkey.&quot;  And who can forget the rocking-out sound of &quot;Revolution #1&quot;  A  great CD from a great group.
B00004STPT|5.0|Just about the only thing I enjoyed in this movie was the music (except maybe the costumes and cinematography). In fact, as soon as the movie was over I went right out and bought the CD.  Lisa Gerrard is an amazing  vocalist. Her voice was the only thing that carried me through the  film--which I thought was rather predictable and bit overdone.   I was  thrilled to hear her unique and powerful voice being projected to the  masses. She seems to be a well-kept secret in America, which is a shame.  Hopefully many others will go out and purchase this and other CDs by her,  lured, like the ancient sailors in Greece and Rome, by the call of her  seductive voice.
B000002LLK|4.0|Decent CD.  There are really some great and innovative songs on here, though by far my favorite is still the perennial classic of &quot;Been Caught Stealing.&quot;  Not only does this song bring back great memories  from High School, but its full of just a pumped up vital spirit that truly  makes me want to change the world.  That being said there are several other  great songs on this CD.  I think &quot;No One's Leaving&quot; is a great  song with really poignant lyrics and a telling message.  It is songs like  this that really keep me coming back to Jane's Addiction.  This is  definitely still there best album.  I guess the reason it gets 4 stars  instead of 5 is just that I feel it doesn't have that quality of having  every single song being stupendous, but still a definite CD for any good  collection.
B00000064E|5.0|Have you ever heard a song on the radio that was so amazing, you just stop what you are doing and immediately head for the record store?  In 1976, that song was &quot;River Man&quot;.  When I got back home with &quot;Five  Leaves Left,&quot; and listened to the rest of this masterpiece, I went  right back to that record store to get &quot;Bryter Layter&quot; and  &quot;Pink Moon.&quot; That has not happened to me before or  since.<br />&quot;River Man&quot; is a haunting, uncomfortable, and hypnotic  journey into the realisation of mortality. This is still my favourite song.   The haunting string arrangements are the perfect backdrop to Nick's unique  and very pleasing acoustic guitar stylings and his 'soothing-yet-eerie'  vocals. <br />On &quot;Way To Blue&quot;, the lush, well-thought-out string  arrangements are used alone as the backdrop for brooding lyrics such as...  &quot;Tell me all that you may know, show me what you have to show, won't  you come and say, if you know the way to blue?&quot; <br />&quot;Day is  Done&quot; was the epitome of sad ballad that I think has never been  equaled before or since.  The Beatles' &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; is quite  inferior in comparison, despite some similarity in the arrangement.  Nick's  sad songs are not &quot;music to kill yourself by&quot; (yes, some have  said this to me about Nick), rather they are astoundingly creative,  introspective and emotive works that have an almost therapeutic effect on  the listener. It's 'Gee, this guy is so sad, yet he is so creative and  talented, and understands so much about life'.<br />&quot;Five Leaves  Left,&quot; a reference to a pack of rolling papers (Nick tended to turn to  other chemicals besides antidepressants) is not all tears.  There is  lighter fare that is quite uplifting, such as the philisophical and country  flavoured &quot;Time Has Told Me&quot; the self-effacing and jazz-based  &quot;Man In A Shed&quot;, and the mystical sounding &quot;Cello  Song.&quot;<br />Second only to &quot;River Man&quot; is a morbid view of  fame, worth, and accomplishment called &quot;Fruit Tree.&quot; It's lyric  became prophetic when Nick died only a few short years later and has gained  in popularity: &quot;Some men of fame, have never found a way, till the  time has flown, far from their dying day...&quot; and &quot;they'll all  know that you were here when you're gone.&quot;  The intricate acoustic  guitar workings and string arrangments on this tune and throughout the disc  are simply brilliant.<br />The upbeat &quot;Saturday Sun&quot; rounds out the  disc, with a jazz flavour and slow backbeat that fit the mood quite well.   You think 'this guy could be a jazz singer just as easy as anything else'.  At the end up this disc you don't feel depressed, but instead quite pleased  and introspective.<br />You should just save yourself the trouble I had and  buy the boxed set &quot;Fruit Tree&quot;, because you will anyway after you  hear &quot;Five Leaves Left.&quot;
0783241569|5.0|I love everything about this movie. Hugh Grant's bumbling William and Julia Robert's publicity-scarred Anna made the whole thing seem believable rather than a fairy tale. Presumably stars are real people with real lives  who really do fall in love, as people do. If I were Anna, I'd be eating up  William. He's just so cute. As a newspaper reporter, I was hooting through  the scene where William is forced to masquerade as a reporter from Horse  and Hound and interview Anna and her castmates when he knows nothing about  the actors or the movie. But it's the supporting players that really make  the movie. William's outrageous roommate Spike and his eccentric sister  Honey will surprise you at the end of the film. Blink and you'll miss  sadsack friend Bernie's crush on Honey. It's all in his expressions.  William's old flame Bella, who is confined to a wheelchair, and her husband  Max have real problems but also a deep, mature love. Every actor adds to  this movie.
B00000JCOV|5.0|At first, we heard there was another nu-metal band emergingfrom America, great, another piece of....korn-wannabe. Then we heardthere were nine of them, all armed with numbered boiler suits and masks. great, we thought, another image-revolved piece of crap. There was temptation not to buy this album, but curiousity forced me into it. And suddenly i was amazed! After the slightly tedious introduction, the song (SIC) kicks in. all senses of control are gone, the band openly show their skill of doing anything and everything possible to make their music powerful and original. there are hints of death metal in places, but all songs still manage to remain tuneful. A number of musical influences are shown off in this album e.g.  drum and bass, thrash metal etc. the album's brutality kicks in after the climax of SPIT IT OUT, with the song TATTERED AND TORN. PURITY shows off musical talent, and also shows that a metal band can have a singer that can sing! the brutality builds up until the explosive adrenaline rush of SCISSORS. my views on Nu-Metal have been drastically changed. Slipknot are a force to be reckoned with, and if you stand in the way, then prepare to be erased!  END
B000002LR3|5.0|Screamadelica by Primal Scream is a genre defining album full of blissfull Pop/Dance/Indie tunes. Although not from Manchester Primal Screams masterpiece along with The Stone Roses self titled debut is the ultimate  Album to define the Madchester scene which dominated British culture in the  late 80's/early 90's.
076783819X|5.0|I am an amateur writer and I found this movie to be inspiring to a novel I am authoring.        Last summer, I walked into the theater thinking this would be just some stupid action movie.  But it turned out to be more; and  when I left I felt it was one of the best movies I had ever seen and the  group I was with was terrified.  If you want a realistic look into today's  society, without it being a stupid action movie with special effects, then  rent this movie.  Believe me you will think about it for days.
B00000K31V|2.0|No, no, no! I'm so sorry for all the FuzZ about this title! It is too Short and too Shallow for a film of the kind. Before one even fully realises the atmosphere it's all over...<br />Miles away from Matrix, there is  simply no comparison.  Not worth the bucks!
6304698542|5.0|Over the years I have seen Caberet at the theatre, on TV and on Video, and now DVD.  I keep looking for one misplaced or unnecessary frame of flim and I cannot find it.  <br />I feel it is the perfect Musical (I am not a fan of  the genre, genreally) because all of the music takes place where music  does- either on the stage, the radio, the gramophone or as in the beer  garden scene, as a sing along.  No ballet in the corn field or breaking out  in song while slopping the hogs.  BRAVO!<br />As for the possiblility this may  be the perfect film, I have yet to see a frame of film here that is in any  way gratuitious.  By that I mean it all furthers the story and makes it all  work.  There is nothing extra and there is nothing just because, which  happens in so many films.<br />Some of the minor characters are caricatures  but they were necessary to the plot.  The atmosphere, slowly changing  within the club as the miasma of Nazism descends on Berlin was superbly  done.  It all seemed so logical and natural when it was done and that was  the intent.  <br />Fosse was a genius.  He understood his genius and used what  he knew to great advantage.  Liza's lack of physical presence was as  calculated as the lewdness of MC in getting the story across.<br />While this  may not be the BEST movie ever made, it may, as I said earlier, be the  PERFECT movie, for its progression of story and editing.
B000002OX7|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CD`S EVER MADE.THIS CD TRULY IS WORTH 5 STARS.IF YOU LOOK ON THIS CD YOU WILL FIND THAT EVERY SONG IS GOOD.NOT TRUE ON ALL WHO CD`S.THE CLASSIC`S BEHIND BLUES EYES AND WE WON`T GET FOOLED AGAIN  ALONE ARE ENOUGH TO BUY THIS CLASSIC.BUT LIKE I SAID EVERY SONG IS  GOOD.BEING A WHO FAN MOST OF MY LIFE,I`LL HAVE TO SAY THAT THE ONLY CD BY  THE WHO THAT COMES CLOSE TO THIS IS QUADROPHENIA.THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR  ANY WHO FAN,AND ANY FAN OF CLASSIC ROCK.
0684867621|2.0|okay i LOVE stephen king.. but this book stinks. It totally goes nowhere fast..not too much of a point to it.<br />I can honestly say, that I have loved all the of the reast of the books I have read by him.
B000000W5H|5.0|THIS IS ONE GREAT CD`S BY THE STONES.I HAVE OWNED THIS IN ALMOST EVER FORMAT.CD CASSETTE,8-TRACK AND ALBUM.THIS WAS THE LAST CD THE STONES MADE WITH GUITAR GREAT MICK TAYLOR.ALL THE CD`S IN THE MICK TAYLOR ERA WERE VERY  GOOD AND THIS IS NO EXCEPTION.GREAT LIST OF CLASSIC SONGS AIN`T TO PROUD TO  BEG,TILL THE NEXT GOODBYE AND TIME WAITS FOR NO ONE.NOT ALOT OF PEOPLE  MENTION THIS CD WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT THE STONES BUT ONE LISTEN AND YOU WILL  KNOW THAT IT IS ONE GREAT CD.MUST HAVE FOR STONES FANS.
B00003CWL6|5.0|When I first saw American Beauty I was stunned. At how wonderful this movie is. I feel I can relate to every character on at least some level. Annette Benning, Thora Birth, Wes Bently, Mira sorvieno (sp?), and of  course Kevin Spacey did a wonderful job. After watching the movie it made  me think.. and reflect on my life and how I live it. And belive it or not,  but it actually inspired me to care more about myself, to work out, and to  look at the little things in life. I saw this movie 9 times in the theatre  and watched once renting it. And yes, this may seem excessive..but once you  watch it you will see for yourself how great of a movie it is.
B000002KDI|5.0|THIS IS NEIL,BOTH SIDES OF HIM AT HIS BEST.WHAT I MEAN BY THAT IS HIS HARD ROCK SIDE AND HIS MELLOW SIDE.THIS CD IS TRULY A CLASSIC.NEIL STARTS OUT WITH VERY MELLOW AND ACOUSTIC SONGS SUGAR MOUNTAIN AND STAYS MELLOW UP TO  MY MY HEY HEY.THEN HE HITS YOU WITH WHEN YOU DANCE I CAN REALLY LOVE,A  CLASSIC.THE CD JAMS THE REST OF THE WAY WITH CRAZY HORSE HAMMERING OUT ONE  STRONG SONG AFTER ANOTHER.I HAVE ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT NEIL AND CRAZY HORSE  MAKE FOR THE BEST NEIL CD`S.IF YOU DON`T BUY ANOTHER LIVE CD,MAKE THIS IT.
B000031WD8|5.0|To be completly honest, when I was going to see this movie I didn't think it would be that good. Then I watched it, and I laughed. I laughed so hard and saw it three more times.
0316286850|5.0|I've ordered this book because of the many very good reviews it got right here at Amazon. And they are absolutely right. It's written in plain English and it's easy to follow the steps. And just look at all the  transformations! Not only from celebs like Julia Roberts and Demi Moore,  but also from his sister and other 'normal' people. I would recommend this  book to everyone who is interested in makeup.
B00004STPT|5.0|Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard's music for &quot;Gladiator&quot; is some of the best film music to come in quite a while. This music is grand, exhilarating, moving and gigantic. It takes back to the good old days of  the great Roman Epics and the music that came with those films like  &quot;Ben-Hur&quot; and &quot;Quo Vadis,&quot; there's even music here that  reminds you of Basil Polidouris's music for &quot;Conan The Barbarian&quot;  (no surprise, the theme from that movie was used in the promos for this  one). &quot;Gladiator&quot; was a rousing spectacle of a movie, and so is  the music. Lisa Gerrard's contributions are moving while Hans Zimmer's are  epic and thumping as they should be in a movie of this scale. This  soundtrack is rich in textures and mood. One of the year's best.
6305810109|5.0|So, how do you sell a film about an old guy who makes a two hundred and  fifty mile trek on a lawn mower tractor to an action-addicted, MTV-jaded  public? Certainly not overnight. David Lynch again breaks the rules and  gives us a &quot;road movie&quot; like no other. &quot;The Straight  Story&quot; did only minimal business during its initial theatrical run but  make no mistake, this strangely mesmerizing film is built for the long  haul. The Lynch touch is undeniable, yet beautifully restrained, bestowing  the film with a life-like, life-giving idiosyncracy that glows with feeling  and depth. Its unhurried, thoughtful pace seems almost like a remedy for  our times. Spacek's role as the slow daughter who speaks in halting,  awkward speech rhythms is a masterstroke of character work, while  Farnsworth gives the signature performance of his career. In years to come,  &quot;The Straight Story&quot; will grow into a time-honored classic as the  public discovers and takes this unique, gentle film into its heart. Capra  smiled down on this one.
B000007OY0|5.0|Me and my dad watched this video about a year ago. It's 2  1/2 hours long, but neither of us spoke a single word while it was on. I've seen it 8 more times since then.       There's not a single bad thing about this movie-  the script is great, the acting is great, the musical score is great-- not  since The Godfather has a movie been this moving.     I reccomend this to  anybody who likes GOOD movies.
0060283122|2.0|My first impression of Mr. &quot;Snicket's&quot; book was pretentious-the word &quot;pretentious&quot; here means very, very proud.  His gimmacks and tricks quickly became tiresome as I found myself bothered by his silly  interuptions with definitions and all the insights he imparts.  It's  obvious his gimmacks were a smoke-screen to cover up the fact that he had  little story.<br />I did find the orphans sympathetic, but the other  characters were one-dimensional at best.  I suppose that the children  collectively were the protagonist, but I never really felt connected to any  of them.<br />What disturbed me the most were some of the implications of a  child bride and an infant being in danger.  I understand Nickelodeon picked  up the movie rights.  I hope they are careful.
0671799320|5.0|An excellent read. One of the most factual yet interesting books I have read in a long time. This book is a must not only for people interested in the Oil industry, but for anyone vaguely interested in politics, world  economics or travel. It explains events from the beginnings of oil  discoveries, the development &amp; growth of the internal combustion engine  through related issues of the second world war an the invasion of Kuwait.  Read and enjoy
B0000024RQ|5.0|I had never listened to any Dylan albums until about 1-2 months ago. I had tremendous respect for Dylan even before I really had chance to listen to him. I started with Blood on the Tracks because after reading the reviews I  thought this would be a good alubum to start with.  Then I moved on to  Highway 61 which I liked a little more than BOTT.  I got hooked from these  cds and I went all out. There was a deal were you could buy three albums  for twenty dollars.  It contained the his first three albums that he  actually wrote the entire lyrics.  The only one I have had a chance to sit  and truely listen to is Freewheelin.  This is one of the greatest albums I  have had the pleasure to listen to.  All of the songs are better than  average but my favorite is I Shall Be Free.  This is one of the first songs  I have actually laughed out loud to while listening to it by myself.  It  seems like Dylan sings every song just for you.  He is one of the most real  singers I have ever heard.
6304316267|5.0|I give this movie 5 stars for it's fun factor.And thats truely what it is good pure fun.It made me want to go out buy a high powered car and join right in with the race.
B00003CWQ2|4.0|Fight club is everything you expect it to be and everything you don't. I just finished viewing the video and had to come here to see if everyone else loved it as much as I did. I'm not going to tell you about the story  and ruin it for you so all I'll say is that this is one of those films  you  will need to watch a second time to take in all that you missed the first  time. I usually agree with a lot of the movie critics out there but this  time they were way off the mark!
B000002UA5|5.0|This is the first Pink Floyd lp I ever heard. On a quad system no less! It was also my first time on acid;-) The live sides are so diffrent from anything out there. I remember someone saying&quot;The Beatles should get back together and try to sound like this,lol!&quot; Also at Griffith Park  Observatory in Los Angeles,Cal. When they started their  &quot;LAZARIUM&quot; show. UMMAGUMMA was what they played. Everybody said  it was the origanal &quot;LAZARIUM&quot; show that was the best! (They  played songs with a light show.) But the original was best because of  UMMAGUMMA! The studio sides are coool,because they are doing like what John  Lennon did with Revolution#9. Showing us we can use studio tape as a  kaleidoscope of sounds. Not just pretty love songs.The Roger Waters stuff  is pretty funny,and is worth the price in itself. David Gilmour has a song  called THE NARROW WAY. It is so great! SHOWS WHAT A GREAT SONG WRITER &amp;  GUITAR PLAYER HE REALY IS! UMMAGUMMA was made for cd sound quality. My lp  is so worn out.  I highly recommend UMMAGUMMA to  everyone! The studio sides are really great to play real loud on Holloween  night,outside for the kiddies.Try it! THANKS!
6305807086|2.0|1999 was a really great year for movies and I didn't get to see all the ones I wanted in the theater.  So when this one came out on DVD I bought it from trust in the reviews that it was something great.  Unfortunately there  wasn't much to be seen.  I was completely annoyed with John Cusack's  preformance and I was never taken in by any of the story's quirkiness.   Some genuinely funny moments aside, I am at a loss of words to explain why  this movie was not only on ten best lists, but at the top of them as well.   I agree with another reviewer here with the phrase &quot;different doesn't  mean brilliant&quot;.  Too often these days leading critics are confusing  those two words. While very different, BEING JOHN MALKOVICH was far from  brilliant.
0783240503|5.0|&quot;Joseph&quot; has got to be one of the most refreshing musicals I have watched in recent memory. I found myself knowing the words to each of the songs by heart by the end of the tape. A part of the storywriting I  enjoyed was the fact that the teachers of the school where this play is  being performed turn up playing some of the characters. That kind of tricky  casting work makes a musical even more enjoyable to watch. And, the  clincher to my purchase of this tape was, it was by Andrew Lloyd Webber.  Unfortunately, I didn't buy it here, and consequently spent more and  waiting longer for it. Oh well...
B000003BD3|3.0|If nothing else, this is an interesting release. \\"The Rock & Roll Circus\\" was a brainchild of Mick Jagger, and it wasn't a bad idea by any means. Get some great acts together in a wacky atmosphere for a little laid back fun. Recorded at the end of 1968, it's touted as a time capsule into the generation, with such bold little quips such as \\"For a brief time, it looked like rock and roll would save the world\\" peppering the accompanying booklet.<br /> This is assuredly short of world saving, so don't expect anything too revolutionary. The Rock and Roll Circus did, however, feature some top talent. Fledgling artist Jethro Tull makes an appearance to open the show, followed by numbers from the Who, Taj Mahal, Marianne Faithfull, the \\"supergroup,\\" the Dirty Mac, and then of course the Rolling Stones.<br /> Much has been made of the alleged fact that the Stones hesitated so long to release this because Jagger felt that they were upstaged by the Who's sole song, \\"A Quick One While He's Away.\\" I don't know the truth, but it is a good version and does seem a little pepped up compared to the other songs here. Yes, most of the performances seem a little wooden, almost over-produced. Tull's \\"A Song For Jeffrey\\" is as forgettable as they come, and Taj Mahal, while being as soulful as they come, doesn't inject too much of that soul into his performance.  Marianne Faithfull's effort does what it does, but nothing extra. I doubt anyone would listen to this more than once. It's some kind of medieval fantasy type ballad, which is not really my cup of tea.<br /> The lineup of The Dirty Mac is impressive, no doubt about it, with John Lennon, Eric Clapton, Mitch Mitchell, and Keith Richards. Their first of two songs is a cover of Lennon's \\"Yer Blues,\\" which is decent, but certainly a disappointment looking at who is playing it. Lennon's vocals are great, and Keith's bass is pretty impressive, but Clapton fails to lay down a remotely inspiring and much needed solo. Personally, I find theBeatle's version has a more fire. Unfortunately, the following song is completely hideous.<br /> The Dirty Mac start a jam, which begins with promise. After a few notes, a fiddle comes in. Hmm. Weird, but nothing catastrophic. You begin to wonder why this song is named \\"Whole Lotta Yoko.\\" Then you find out, as the beloved Yoko Ono starts intermittently screaming into the microphone. Seriously, she just starts screaming, not any words or anything, just shrieks. If you aren't prepared, it's the kind of thing that will make you drive off into a ditch or tear your pair of headphones off and fling them against a wall. If you can get over it, it's really quite humorous, in a \\"wow, some people consider her an artist\\" kind of way.<br /> Once composure is regained and the skip button is pressed, it's the Stones turn in the ring. Their songs, as well as a couple others on the record, stand in sharp contrast to the rather psychedelic premise of the show. They opt to do their most recent songs at the time, most of them found on \\"Beggar's Banquet,\\" for a bluesy, down to earth selection.<br /> They open with \\"Jumpin' Jack Flash,\\" but it's not nearly as good as the original. It's a relatively slow and boring version of the classic. But they follow up strong, with \\"Parachute Woman,\\" and they make it cook. In my opinion, it's the best song on the album, and makes you wonder about the \\"The Who were better\\" rumor. \\"No Expectations\\" is next, and it's very good as well. Then they do a very early version of \\"You Can't Always Get What You Want,\\" and it's not too bad. \\"Sympathy For The Devil\\" follows, but it almost seems a little too meticulous. But not a bad version by any stretch of the imagination. The closer is \\"Salt of the Earth,\\" which is reportedly just Keith and Jagger singing along with a backing tape. Overall, I'd say the Stones set is good, but certainly not as good as they could have done it. Of course, the liner notes say that it was around 4 in the morning when the Stones started, so I'll cut them a little slack.<br /> Surprisingly, though it's not a bad album, there is very little to recommend it. The songs are good, but with the sole exception of \\"Parachute Woman,\\" the originals win out quite easily. Fans of other artists featured will probably feel a little cheated since no one has too much playing time (Aside from Yoko's seemingly eternal turn at the mike). There's also a lot of stupid circus fluff, but thankfully you can skip over all of it. The booklet has quite a few pages, but mostly gushes about how great and important this was.<br /> Bottom Line: Buy this if you're a Stones' completist, or for the unintentional comedy of Yoko's cringe inducing howls. Otherwise, you could probably do without it.
6304233639|1.0|If your IQ is extremely low, this movie might be for you.
6305750750|4.0|I had to do it... I had to get both versions of the Phantom Menace... I mean, I might as well wear out the pan &amp; scan version and save the widescreen edition for special occasions (whatever)... anyway on to the  film... I think enough has been said about the content of the film itself.  There will always be endless debate about how  great/horrible the movie  was, about how funny/moronic/racist/utterly worthless Jar Jar Binks  was/is... but I digress. The movie is actually enjoyable &amp; very  watchable (coming from someone who has seen it over 1 dozen times  already)... like John Williams said, it's a great Saturday afternoon movie.  Great introduction to the young Obi-Wan Kenobi and his teacher Qui-Gon Jinn  (if he trained Ol' Ben, though, how come he never mentions him in the later  films?, Darth Maul is totally cool and wields a pretty mean lightsaber,  Jake Lloyd is adorable as Anakin, Natalie Portman is wooden as Queen  Amidala, and Samuel L. Jackson &amp; Pernilla August turn in pretty good  supporting roles. The widescreen edition is presented in a pretty cool  format, with the 35mm cell and the booklet. Technically, the video is above  average. Good thing I bought the widescreen version; when I started to  watch the pan &amp; scan version, halfway through the film the picture  became distorted &amp; jumpy, eventually becoming totally unwatchable. When  I returned the film for an exchange, the cashier mentioned that they had  some problems with a lot of tapes that were returned for similar reasons...  so much for THX mastering. The picture is not as clear as I though it would  have (&amp; should have) been; it tends to jump in certain places, and  happens to be more noticeable in the pan &amp; scan version. I checked it  out on at least 3 different VCR's so it's the tape that has the problem.  The Dolby Pro Logic soundtrack, however, is another story; rich and very  deep in the bass parts, the soundtrack stands out from the get go (with the  THX &quot;test&quot; before the film begins). The lightsabers hum all  around the room and the starships sound (&amp; feel) like they are taking  off in your living room. Highlights include the various lightsaber duels  (which put the duels in the original trilogy to shame), the space assault  on the Trade Federation, the unbelievable Boonta Eve pod race, and the  obligatory celebration at the end of the film. George Lucas tends to go  overboard on some of the CGI in this film, with the cardinal sin of making  Jar Jar Binks a major character. The film lacks the imagination that Lucas  used in the first film. Instead of thinking a scene out (like the now  legendary Creature Cantina sequence), with the current technology Lucas can  just digitally drop crap into every scene without thinking about it. It  shows in many of the scenes, none more so than the droid/Gungan battle. On  the whole, however, the movie is fun to watch and pretty much geared  towards children (how else to explain the cuteness of Anakin &amp; the  buffoonery of Jar Jar?) Pick it up and have some fun on a lazy, hazy (or  rainy) Saturday afternoon(s)... you won't be disappointed you did...
0440211727|5.0|This was my first Grisham novel I have read and I was blown away. I'm only a freshman in high school but still enjoyed the book. Grisham can definently write dialogue and keep the pages turning. I would reccommed  this book to anyone that enjoys legal and courtroom dramas.
0792839234|5.0|This is a really interesting film.  I am not surprised that it has maitained cult classic status...  For the record, I have heard that the director Don Coscarelli's mother was a thriller writer back in the 70s, who was pretty successful. I can only imagine the dark, twisted dinner table conversations about plotlines, and about fantasy vs. reality, which ultimately gave rise to this movie.  <br />One of the things you must bear in mind about this movie is that you are always supposed to be a little uncertain about whether it is a dream or not. For that reason, it rarely really makes much sense -- its logic is the logic of dreams, or of nightmares, which is one of the main reasons it works...  Also, I just wanted to say one thing -- in the original version, having the character Reggie be an ice cream vendor was an absolutely central plot point, having to do with the way they actually kill the Tall Man, Angus Scrimm.  The scene that made sense of that occupation, however, ended up on the cutting room floor, and they elected to take the whole movie in a more dreamlike, less science-fictiony direction.  Whether it works well or not, I guess, is up to you and me to decide.<br />Anyway, that kid, Michael Baldwin, was an absolute hero to me and a lot of my friends when this flick came out...  I was probably in about 5th grade.  He's mind-bogglingly resourceful, and a mechanical wizard, yet a believable little kid at the same time.  This is basically a guy flick in a lot of ways, the girls don't get much in the way of lines.  Mostly, they just scream when the evil Jawa things come after them.  This lack of depth for female characters is made up for somewhat in the later films, by the way.  Not too, TOO much, this is just a horror movie, not Jane Austen, but still.<br />Somehow, this movie has a real place in my heart.  It was one of the first films I bought on VHS.  &quot;Rudy&quot; was the first, for (obviously) different reasons.  Anyway, it walks the ever-present line between horror and science-fiction very successfully.  It has always seemed funny to me that these two genres should overlap -- aren't they basically opposite types of story? Science fiction glories in science, technology, gadgets, etc., while horror goes exactly the opposite way, getting its punch from the world of the supernatural.  This movie somehow mixes the two -- it uses scientific rationales for supernatural occurences, yet gives a supernatural twist to inherently scientific elements of the movie, e.g., that flying silver device, and the dorrway between two worlds.<br />I suppose those are two very basic, human ways of dealing with the unknown -- scientific, or supernatural explanations.  A lot of the time, however, if we are really honest with ourselves, what we call science is not really all that rational, and what we call supernatural can often be reduced to simple, scientific, cause-and-effect laws, like &quot;IF you expose a vampire to sunlight, THEN it will die&quot;, or &quot;IF and ONLY IF you put a silver bullet in a werewolf's heart, THEN it will die&quot;...  Somehow this movie walks a fine line between these world-views, and, I think, does it very well.
0517122707|5.0|Toole is the finest, perhaps the only, Catholic writer to survive in 20th-c. America. (O'Connor, who shares some of his southern/Irish anti-intellectual self-hatred, is a Calvinist in all but name.) But of  course he did not survive for long.Try to imagine the misery of being a  fat, shamed genius sweating it out in the deep South just as the hegemonic  smiles of the Kennedy era were beginning their march of conquest. There was  no place for Toole under that smile. But he survived long enough to write  this hilarious, merciless and heartbreaking novel. All the damned are here  and speaking through Ignatius: the fat, the gauche, the gay, the South, the  Irish, the working poor, the black...and most fatally of all, the  prescient. Because Toole somehow saw all that was to come.Sitting in his  room in that fetid backwater, he saw the farce and triumph of the sixties  all complete. And he wrote it down with mercy toward none (least of all  himself)...and some Peace-Corps fool of an editor stamped NO on it. And  Toole died--not so much for our sins, as for the safety of our right to be  stupid and smug. And America went on to make hacks, talentless strivers  like Mailer and Bellow into heroes, while Toole fed the worms. That's  sainthood, isn't it? It seems like sainthood to me. To convert all that  horror and shame into something so wonderful, try to give it away, and die.
0800128052|5.0|This was the first movie I ever bought.  Really good stuff, in a number of ways.  One of the more difficult issues, the issue of his hometown love interest, is dealt with very well.  It could be shown as a minor subplot, but they do a good job with it.  I am reminded of the love-story element to &quot;Stir of Echoes&quot; -- if you have found love, and the peace that goes with it, at what point do you stop seeking more in your life, in other ways?<br />But the main thing here is Rudy's bulldog determination to keep moving forward.  I cried watching this.  He just keeps asking &quot;Have I done all that I can do?&quot; again and again, every time he hits an obstacle.  I can't even believe this is a true story.  If they had a Nobel prize for Human Spirit, this guy would have my vote.<br />Supporting character actors all do a good job here.  Even the sleazeball older brother seems to have some character development by the end.  Rudy's buddy who wants to be a lawyer is hilarious, and the groundskeeper who helps out unobtrusively is inspiring, as an example of how we can all help one another in small, invisible ways.  Just a totally great movie in all ways.  If you think it's too melodramatic, or simplistic, then face it, you are too sophisticated, and you need to get back in touch with whatever your inner dreams are, or ever were.  END
0684872153|5.0|It takes talent to create a story that is both happy and sad, but Frank McCourt does exactly that with the story of his poor Irish Catholic childhood.  The reader cannot help but feel the pain, confusion and  disappointment McCourt faced.  Starting at the age of four, McCourt faces  not only the typical difficulites of childhood, but also poverty, hunger,  and his father's alcoholism.  At the same time, McCourt's innocence and  naivete, as well as his own hope, gives the reader hope for him.<br />McCourt  uses the language of a child to convey the destitution his family faced.   In any other context, his writing style would not be appropriate.  However,  in this case, the streams of thoughts and innocent words transport the  reader to a child-like frame of mind, making the story vivid and  real.<br />Through McCourt's innocent eyes, the reader gets to know all of the  characters in the story.  One sees how his father plunges the family  further into poverty with his alcoholism, and how his mother must resort to  begging in order to have a few scraps of food.  One also sees how McCourt  and his siblings stay close together and share the struggle.  With each  chapter, the reader hopes McCourt will find a way out of his  situation.<br />This book is touching and poignant from beginning to end.  It  makes one realize that no matter what difficulties they may face, the human  spirit can triumph over great adversity.
0380715430|3.0|Although this book has some of Bryson's wit and the character of his later work, it's missing a lot of the verve that his travel books have. It also contains wrong information, for instance the rather obviously false  assertion that language is the basic mode of thought.
B000002TQV|5.0|Everybody has heard of Radiohead, thanks to the mainstream overhype that accompanied the release of their third album &quot;OK Computer&quot;. The truth is that while &quot;OK Computer&quot; may be one of the most  stunningly original rock records ever made, maybe even one of the best,  there was something decidedly odd about the same press corps that had  championed the likes of Nirvana, Pearl Jam and The Smashing Pumpkins,  jumping on Radiohead's back and calling them the saviors of rock n' roll.  One has to wonder if the mainstream rock press actually understood &quot;OK  Computer&quot; or were just associated one mood with another, however  shallow Radiohead's approach made all those other &quot;alt rock&quot; acts  seem. It was, as Thom Yorke put it, &quot;bollocks&quot;, especially when  one considers the comparative silence that accompanied the release of  &quot;The Bends&quot; two years earlier.<br />The material on &quot;The  Bends&quot; is not as strange and overtly melancholy as that on &quot;OK  Computer&quot;, and while this is not exactly cheery it is far more upbeat  than either &quot;OK Computer&quot; or the bands first album &quot;Pablo  Honey&quot;. The approach is also much more straightforward. &quot;The  Bends&quot; aspires to be nothing more than a damn good rock album and in  that way it hits the bullseye dead on. Low tempo songs are sprinkled  together with the heavier ones but the album manages to maintain an even  keel thanks to the strength of every song on the album whether heavy or  soft. <br />Among the tracks on &quot;The Bends&quot; that manage to rock  harder than anything else Radiohead has yet produced are the title track,  &quot;Bones&quot;, &quot;Just&quot; (for which the band produced a truly  brilliant video), and &quot;Black Star&quot;. The only song on the album  that got any real play time on the commercial radio stations that had so  heartily embraced the adolescent ballad &quot;Creep&quot; a few years  earlier was &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, one of the most achingly  beautiful songs written in the past twenty years and probably Radiohead's  best. &quot;Street Spirit (Fade Out)&quot; closes the album and employs a  hauntingly simple chord progression and ends with singing the line  &quot;Immerse your soul in love.&quot;  The tone of &quot;Street  Spirit&quot; seems to suggest what was to come on &quot;OK Computer&quot;  but I am glad that it made its way onto &quot;The Bends&quot; because it  brings the whole album into clear focus. Radiohead are hardly as depressing  as the press has made them out to be and, while they may sometimes wax dark  in their approach, &quot;The Bends&quot; is proof that they are an  ultimately hopefully and visionary band.
6305609721|5.0|Like The Trouble With Tribbles,IV may not be the best(II tops them all),but it's certainly many fans favorite.What makes this film work is its humor as well as its warmth and heart.The cast look like they're having so  much fun filming it, that it rubs off on the audience.Equally funny is  seeing our beloved crew of the USS Enterprise,looking awkward and out of  place in the 20th century.The movie is also fast paced as many  obsticles(the Klingon Crystal depletion,the search for the whales in the  ocean as well as the hospital scenes)pile up upon one another yet  successfully resolving themselves.Subsequent film that try to replicate  IV's formula end up looking clumsy(V and Insurrection)because they miss the  point that behind great comedy is heart.
0671042858|5.0|My mom gave me this book, after a recent minor surgery, to keep me occupied while I recovered.  I loved it!  I didn't put it down unless I had to (that pesky thing called sleep).  I've heard folks who say that this  isn't King's usual fare.  I think it is, because it's a pleasure to read.  For the last few years, I haven't read many of his newer books, and I  missed the feeling I got out of books like Night Shift, Christine,  Different Seasons, etc.  This book is pure 100% Steven King at his best,  and anyone who perhaps may of not read his work for awhile as I did will  want to give him a second chance, and check this out.  I think you'll be  just as pleased as I was.
6300214400|4.0|Of the odd numbered Star Trek films,along with Innsurection,TSFS is the best.Not as great as the even numbered,but holds up better than Generations and V.Leonard Nimoy's direction is surprisingly well done,dispite the hokey  outcome of Spock's resurrection.The destruction of the Enterprise was both  effective as well as heart-wrenching.The supporting crew  members(Scotty,Sulu,Uhura and Chekov),always ignored in the past,also have  great moments.As a bridge between II and IV,it seems like a holding pattern  so its best to watch this trilogy in one sitting.
B00003CWOL|4.0|In this movie it says that God is a girl and Jesus is black that might be true or might not be but i think that is good because we think God is a man and Jesus is white. But that dose end up being racist and God being a man  is saying that men have more power then woman do. So I think this movie  says stuff about God and Jesus that are/might be true.
6300213803|5.0|Coming after the successful yet overbloated TMP,TWOK was a leaner and no less meaner film that really kick started the Trek we know and love today.No other villian(well maybe DS9's Gul Dukat)commands your attention  like Khan.Where he was set on conquering on Space Seed,he's hellbent on  revenge which makes him an even effective villian.Kirsty Alley's Saavik  injects a dose of new blood into the veteren crew, and the battle scenes(a  far cry from the cheap opticals and camera shaking of the original  series)are very effective and even the newer offspring(TNG DS9,VOY)have  taken their cue from this film.Regarded as the best Trek film,Wrath of Khan  has yet to be toppled,though it has come close(The Voyage Home,First  Contact).
B00003CWQ2|3.0|This movie is worth a pass. I say if you want a action movie with tons of blood in small amounts time by time then pick out this movie. I wanted to like this movie infact I wanted to love this movie but it is just not going  to happen.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This movie is one of the best I've ever seen and completely deserved every single award it won.  Kevin Spacey delivers yet another brilliant performance--he is a god.  Excellent acting by all the rest of the cast as  well, great writing, and a superbly spare score by Thomas Newman.   Compelling, original, and beautiful, this movie must not be missed.
0679720200|5.0|un hombre joven que vive sin sentimientos, un extranjero de su propio cuerpo y de sus sensaciones, no le molesta en  lo mas minimo matar o ser ahorcado. es el nihilismo llevado al extremo. el enajenamiento que produce  la falta de raices, la falta de creencias, la anomia del siglo.todas las  cosas entendibles y no entendibles.el parece un hombre perdido , pero ni  siquiera en si mismo....
B00000IQBM|5.0|To those who criticize Kubrick's adaptation of King's novel, this reader who appreciates both on their own terms asks, &quot;What do you expect?&quot;  Apples and oranges.  What better cinematic portrayal of Jack  Torrance's descent into madness (in the book, &quot;caused&quot; by his  obsession with the scrapbooks on the hotel in The Overlook's basement) than  his wife seeing page after page of &quot;All work and no play make Jack a  dull boy&quot;?  And I suppose Nicholson's performance was &quot;over the  top&quot; (the same can be said about George C. Scott in &quot;Dr.  Strangelove&quot;) but that's what makes it a memorable bit of screen  acting.  (Nicholson's conversations with Lloyd the bartender are absolutely  unforgettable!)  A first-rate movie and a first-rate book.
B00003CXBD|5.0|Be prepared for an interesting collision: Monty Python meets The Sixth Sense! Because that's exactly what Men In Black is. It's chilling and funny at the same time. If you go for very creative cinematic combinations, like  Gremlins, or American Beauty, you'll love Men In Black.
6302413931|4.0|Coppolla's epic is actually two films.  The first part--about to the spot where the Sheen character first meets Brando as Kurtz--is an absolutely unforgettable piece of moviemaking.  Coppolla at his most brilliant--the  Vietnam War being a perfect metaphor for the journey into the heart of  darkness.  But the words &quot;pretentious&quot; and &quot;muddled&quot;  aptly characterize the last fourth of the picture, although the first part  is definitely worth repeated viewings.  (Orson Welles originally intended  to make an adaptation of &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot; as his first project  in Hollywood).
0792842723|5.0|From the snowy wastes of Arctic Siberia, to the tropical Caribbean, passing by the usual Bond stopovers of Monte Carlo, London and St. Petersburg, this is another classic in a long line of fine films. I suppose  I was converted to James Bond at such a young age that I can forgive the  modern movies their obvious shortcomings: too much firepower, just a few  too many explosions. Yet there is much else in this typical Bond thriller  besides exploding pens, Aston Martins and the latest hi-tech gadgets  (including something which serves to date the film already, the Internet).  <br />Another extraordinary thing about the Bond films is the ability of the  producers to find just the right type to play James himself. It reminds me  of another British series, Doctor Who, which appeared on television for  many years. The actor in the main role changed five or six times, but each  time, the new Doctor was an acceptable replacement for the last. So it is  with the Bond movies. Who could argue that, even though Sean Connery and  Roger Moore were magnificent, Pierce Brosnan is not, now, just as fine an  interpreter of the role.<br />\\"Goldeneye\\" is a great story, has lots of  surprises and is altogether very high-class stuff.
B00000IQBM|5.0|To those who criticize Kubrick's adaptation of King's novel, this reader who appreciates both on their own terms asks, &quot;What do you expect?&quot;  Apples and oranges.  What better cinematic portrayal of Jack  Torrance's descent into madness (in the book, &quot;caused&quot; by his  obsession with the scrapbooks on the hotel in The Overlook's basement) than  his wife seeing page after page of &quot;All work and no play make Jack a  dull boy&quot;?  And I suppose Nicholson's performance was &quot;over the  top&quot; (the same can be said about George C. Scott in &quot;Dr.  Strangelove&quot;) but that's what makes it a memorable bit of screen  acting.  (Nicholson's conversations with Lloyd the bartender are absolutely  unforgettable!)  A first-rate movie and a first-rate book.
B00001OH7N|5.0|The Man Who Sold the World is one of my favorite cds. After coming off of the hit, &quot;Space Oddity&quot; David Bowie supposedly slips off into mediocrity...or does he? Of course he achieves fame later, but this is  another underrated classic      My favorite songs on here are &quot;All the  Madmen&quot;, &quot;Savior Machine&quot;, and &quot;The Supermen&quot;.  &quot;All the Madmen&quot; is one of my favorite songs that David Bowie has  ever written. &quot;Savior Machine&quot; is a song about a society that  creates technology to provide humanity and &quot;The Supermen&quot; is  inspired by the philosopher Frederick Nietszche (spelling?). It's all  pretty intelligient stuff and most of it is easily enjoyable.       I'm  lucky enough to own the Ryko version of this that contains four bonus  tracks and they're all pretty good. If you can find the Ryko version, you  should definately buy it, but don't feel discouraged to buy the 1999 EMI  re-release of this great cd.
6301969294|5.0|To those who say that Rand's novel is unfilmable--remember that films and novels are two entirely different media.  Gary Cooper, like it or not, is the PERFECT Howard Roarke.  Raymond Massey is the PERFECT Gail Wynand.   Some unforgettable shots (Peter Keating walking into Roarke's office, the  shadow of the window frame behind him; Cameron and Roarke in the ambulance,  the hospital behind them, Cameron saying, &quot;I built that&quot;;  Dominique dropping the statue down, down, down the building courtyard; the  last sequence at the construction site--&quot;Who shall I say is  calling?&quot;  &quot;Mrs. Roarke&quot;).  Not surprisingly, the movie is  ignored by the thoughtless.
0780021967|4.0|I don't know who praised the laserlight version of this film(perhaps a shareholder?)but my advice is-don't be fooled,get the Criterion version.The Laserlight version is a cheaply made copy with poor sound and a reasonable but much less clear picture.Criterion has made a quality print of a fine classic film and that is the one to get.
0385474547|5.0|This is an amazing book that will be no doubt used as an educational tool in classrooms for many years to come.  When reading this novel for a class try not to view it as an assignment, but more like an opportunity.  This is  your chance to not only get a deeper look into the effects of coloniolism,  but to also see the many different aspects of the Ibo tribe.  The book  itself is very reader friendly and moves fast.  It is a novel that will  most likely stimulate the reader to find as much information as they can on  African culture.  I should know, as soon as I finished reading I found  myself on the 'net searching for the Ibo tribe.
0804106304|5.0|There is an indescribable dimension of powerful stories, lessons. and morals that can be learned and greatly appreciated from The Joy Luck Club.  This story is about women's struggles and triumphs, their saddness and joy,  and their regrets and hopes.  It is a story of achieving success and the  American Dream.  It is about the powerful relationship existing between  mothers and their daughters.  This book has many valuable lessons to offer  those who read it.  It is filled with everyday issues that the youth of  today deals with.  The generation gaps between parent and child and the  history and culture of two different countries make this book very powerful  to its readers.  This book is full of wisdom embedded into every page,  unraveling a beautifully written story.  So much is passed down from  generation to generation, and each daughter in the story becomes a stronger  person through her mothers' past.  This book stresses the importance of  learning from others' pasts.  I enjoyed this book.  I applied it to my life  and it made me realize how much I have to learn from my mother and from my  grandmother.  This book teaches life lessons and shows the reader the big  picture life.  It does this by showing both sides to the same story.  The  stories in this book are very thought provoking.  This was an incredible  book.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Visual napalm! I watched this on my first ever jaunt to an American movie  theatre in downtown Boston, and was blown away. The movie doesn't just grab  you, it grabs you warmly by the throat and throttles you! <br />I have never  jumped as much in my life, as I did when the plane tore up in Ed Nortons  dream. Working at an airport, I appreciated the scene with the emergency  cards on the aircraft full of screaming passengers. Why did I not think of  that!<br />Although there was violence in this movie, it was not excessive,  and was well in context with the general theme of the movie.<br />This movie,  will fall into the 'Clockwork Orange' syndrome, and people will puzzle over  this movie for decades to come
B000001FY9|5.0|Nothing else but legend can describe Bob Marley. Whether through fierce political anthems or gorgeous love songs, Bob always put 100% of his soul into it. This particular best of album is porbably the best best of album  available. Over the course of fourteen tracks you get all the sides of this  remarkable artist. There is not a single second on this disk that is  frivolous. If you are reading this review and do not have Legend, purchase  it IMEDIATELY! And if you are not immediately affected by his music, you  should probably check your pulse.
0679746048|5.0|This was an excellent book. Though some parts were odd, it is one of my favorites. I have yet to see the movie, but I'm sure it will be as good as the book, also with all of the awards it's won. A must-read!
B000002H6C|5.0|Strange things prompt me to buy albums (always album NEVER CD)and &quot;Johnny get your gun&quot; was my inspriration for buying ..And Justice for all.  The deep and disturbing movie inspired &quot;One&quot;  and I am convinced it is Metallica's best track, bar none.  It is one of  the few songs I can listen to over and over (Rain Song-Zep is the other).   Angry and crushing from second one this is THE album to get!
1572522232|5.0|A delirous fairy tale told with the reasoning of a flu induced nightmare, anybody looking for the  generic formula horror story ala Scream go elsewhere. To set a few things straight Suspiria, like most Italian films  of the period, was post dubbed thus the &quot;flat&quot; ring to the  dialogue which only adds to the otherwordliness of the film. The score by  Italian pioneers Goblin is one of the finest in film history. Those  reviewers crying over &quot;it doesn't make sense&quot; are missing the  point completly. If your brain hasn't been fried by the generic offerings  of hollywood and MTV, and are looking for one of the purist examples of  cinema (and if the site of a still beating human heart being butchered  doesn't offend you) check out Suspiria...you won't regret it.
0783241569|5.0|I typically don't like romantic &quot;girly&quot; shows, but this one caught and held my attention.
B0000033WC|4.0|With as many detractors as Loaded has, I believe it is the most instant and accessible of all VU albums, and if you're just starting out, this is the first one to get.  The sound on this double disc set is relevatory  compared to the sludgy mix previously heard, even on CD.  The bonus disc  containing the alternate album is almost as good as the original, and the  bonus cuts on disc two are all quality tracks that will want you to search  out Lou Reed's first solo album.  The bonus cuts on the first disc aren't  as good, but this is a trivial matter.  Loaded is here, better than ever.   DO NOT BUY THE REGULAR EDITION!  Its like listening with your hands over  your ears.
0385312083|4.0|Slaughterhouse-Five deals esentialy with the tragedy of an artist (in the Aristotelian context of the mimetic representation of the physis -nature-, this time the human one) triyng to deal with a tragedy too much too near to  be handled as raw matter for art safely and efectively, in proportion to  the artist's pourposes. It's about the trial of living the darkest moments  of a life and the trial of communicating them inside the artist's  aesthetical rigeur, both concentrical and within the other, as a Russian  doll.   Vonnegut it's every word aware of the risk of his &quot;duty with  death&quot;. He wants to be the witness he was in the macabre Bombing of  Dresden (as an American prisoner of German ascendance and all the tearing  contradictions that circumstance implies), but he wants to tell the World  about it as an artist, troughout the capacities of amplification and  enhancement of ideas and concepts the creative act allows.   Therefore, the  Biochemist turned into a soldier, a prisioner, a journalist, a writer,  disguises himself as a childlike young Champlain's help turned into a  soldier, a prisioner, an opthometrist, and a voice of humanity among  extraterrestrial beings, in order to talk in an apparently linear and  childlike inocent way about a story he knows too much about, letting all  the sad personas of the biographical being comunicate succesfully, due to  the choice of images, the tragical esence of the pathos he had to live  through.   Not so long ago I was reading Italian writer Alessandro Baricco  and saw a Vonnegutian way of telling a story in his writing.
B00000JNJ1|2.0|As a huge fan of the Jeff Beck Groups' &quot;Truth&quot;, I purchased this with high hopes, but apart from Ooh La La, I was not impressed with this collection.  Despite what the liner notes say, this sounds like your  standard boogie band, the tracks all sound the same.  I have a feeling that  this material would shine live, but not here.  Take a listen to some tracks  before you purchase this.  A good gift for my dad.
B000000OUJ|5.0|Before all of the Wu-Tang Forever hype and the slew of disappointing follow-up albums from the Wu solo members, there was the underrated Liquid Swords by Genius. Although it seemed that other Wu members such as Method  Man, ODB, and Raekwon gained more attention for their solo albums, Liquid  Swords is still a great Wu album. The production by RZA is grimy, eeirie,  and perfect. Genius (a.k.a. GZA) drops his one-of-a-kind battle lyrics on  &quot;Duel Of The Iron Mic&quot; and the title track and also paints vivid  pictures of crime and pain in the city on &quot;Cold World&quot; and  &quot;Gold&quot;. The only track that seems out of place is the Killah  Priest solo track &quot;B.I.B.L.E.&quot; which also appeared on his Heavy  Mental album. Although it's a favorite of mine, it really has no place on  this album. Otherwise, this is a great album that all Wu or hip-hop fans  should own.
6303234844|5.0|WHY ISN'T THIS GREAT ACCOMPLISHMENT ON DVD?
0425173895|5.0|...and again I did not foresee in any way the ending of an Agatha Christie story. This story is really interesting, and is one of the few mystery stories that deserves a thorough rereading. I was astounded when the name  of the killer was revealed (of course, Poirot once more does the goods).  Very highly recommended, both for fans of the genre and for those who are  new to this type of story.
0446364495|1.0|This exemplar of bad prose is about a Marlboro Man photographer and the woman he beautifies through his great art.  He's sensitive, she's needy, and he is a demon in her cold bed.   <br />As for the prose, how's this for  awful: &quot;If you took me in your arms and carried me to your truck and  forced me to go with you, I wouldn't murmur a complaint. You could do the  same thing just by talking to me.  But I don't think you will.  You're too  sensitive, too aware of my feelings, for that. . . . My life . . . lacks  romance, eroticism, dancing in the kitchen to candlelight, and the  wonderful feel of a man who knows how to love a woman. . . .&quot;<br />The  wonderful feel of a man who knows how to love a woman?  Is it not already  obvious why this is bad?  The entire phenomena of this book and its  enormous popularity tells us that we, as a reading populace, are in love  with what's bad.  Apparently, what we love is talk that doesn't sound like  people but that does sound like speeches made by persons on the page,  written by someone who doesn't listen to the rest of the world or know how  to make a plausible imitation of it.   <br />The appeal of this book is to the  language of television, of bodice-rippers, of the Harlequin Romance.  It is  incapable and irresponsible writing, unmediated by thought or the gift of  artifice, or by the author's belief in a character sufficient enough to  move him.
B0000028M7|5.0|THE BAND: Layne Staley (vocals, guitar), Jerry Cantrell (guitar, vocals), Sean Kinney (drums & percussion), Michael Starr (bass).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1992) 13 tracks clocking in at approximately 58 minutes. Contains a 6 page fold-out with lyrics, song titles and credits, band picture, and thank you's. Jerry Cantrell wrote or co-wrote 10 of the album's songs; Staley wrote or co-wrote 7. Label - Columbia Records.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Simply put, this is an incredible album. The Staley-Cantrell compositions have aged well and as of 2006 they still sound incredibly fresh. The musicianship and writing is 2nd to none. In fact, this single studio release is as close to a \\"Greatest Hits\\" album that any band from the 90's could possibly come... the songs together are that good. \\"Dirt\\" captures all the raw tormented emotions of Staley and Cantrell. More or less, the heroin-addicted Staley, with Cantrell playing his demonic chords in the background. Mike Starr is a wizard on bass, as Sean Kinney plays an often times complex drum kit. Lyrics are dark & twisted (death, depression & drugs dominate). But from these tortured souls come brilliance. While Alice In Chains will forever be lumped in the Seattle 'Grunge' category with Nirvana, Soundgarden, and Pearl Jam... AIC remains perhaps the heaviest of the bunch. Whether on Alice In Chains 'live' albums or their 'greatest hits' compilations, the most songs have always been taken from \\"Dirt\\" - \\"Best Of The Box\\" (6 songs from \\"Dirt\\"), \\"Greatest Hits\\" (4), \\"Unplugged\\" (4), \\"Live\\" (7). Radio hits include: \\"Rain When I Die\\", \\"Would?\\", \\"Angry Chair\\", \\"Down In A Hole\\", \\"Rooster\\", \\"Them Bones\\". Melodic, layered, haunting... a rock/grunge classic disc.
0385474547|4.0|I liked TFA.  I thought it was easy to read and it offered insight into African life.  It also highlighted the terrible invasion of African tribes by whites.  The book is an easy read, but needs time for further  examination because there exists many differnt levels of interpretation.
B000002KHB|5.0|Deep Purple at their ultimate very best. The classic line up of Gillian, Blackmore, Lord, Glover and Paice. Too bad they only made a few albums with this grouping. Sure, we all know it's tough to get along with Ritchie  Blackmore, but the esoteric types usually are. Blackmore shreds &amp;  slings like there is no tomorrow on Machine Head. All the band members  click her, but most notably are Blackmore &amp; Ian Paice. Paice is one of  the most under-rated drummers ever... he cooks on this album. His drumming  is smooth and almost effortless. &quot;Highway Star&quot; and &quot;Smoke  on the Water&quot; are two songs that any person even slightly interested  in rock &amp; roll will remember. But, the songs that didn't make it to the  radio (or got very little  air play) are the ones that hold this great  album together. &quot;Pictures of Home&quot;, &quot;Maybe I'm a Leo&quot;,  &quot;Never Before&quot;... and &quot;Lazy&quot;... how can you not jump up  from whatever you are doing and just run yourself silly? This classic hard  rock is full of energy &amp; heart. A 1972 essential in any rock library.
B000002BYD|5.0|this is an excellent cd if u r a pearl jam starter....basically every song on here could have been a single..it is much different than &quot;no code&quot;..&quot;BRAIN OF J&quot; will rock you out of your seat..as will  the awesome&quot;DO THE EVOLUTION&quot;..&quot;WISHLIST&quot;is one of  their best songs ever...&quot;NO WAY&quot; is underrated...&quot;GIVEN TO  FLY&quot;is brilliant.with Vedder's voice soaring to extreme..as is it in  &quot;IN HIDING&quot;...&quot;LOW LIGHT&quot; is very listenable..and  &quot;ALL THOSE YESTERDAYS&quot; is a great way to end out a great if not  downright amzing album.ROCK ON!
B00003CXDU|5.0|I loved this movie!  You don't have to be a Star Trek fan to enjoy this, even though it is a spoof.  It also captured, and somewhat exaggerated the personalities of the actors off-screen.  My absolute favorite scene of all  was when Tim Allen and Sigourney Weaver had to run through the  &quot;choppers&quot; and she says something like &quot;Well SCREW  THAT!&quot; and later &quot;Whoever wrote this episode should die!&quot;   There were points where it had me falling off the couch laughing so hard.   Although it is a comedy, there are some very serious and touching moments  in it, like when Jason has to reveal to Mathazar (sp?) his real identity.  And when Saris comes disguised as Fred and begins shooting everyone, and  Jason activates the Omega 13, so that only he knows what's going on. I  think anyone would love this movie and it is a definite buy.
0440219078|5.0|This book is a MUST read for all young adult readers.  It is thought  provoking and stimulates conversations.  It always amazes me how different  people percieve this book and the realization that some events actually  happen or could happen in our current society.
630575067X|3.0|After having seen the original Star Wars trilogy an uncountable number of times, I have to say this one did not meet my expectations.  I think that George Lucas focused way more on the effects than the storyline and  characters, and perhaps if the effects were toned down some it would be a  little better.  I'm glad to have the history of Obi-Wan and Darth Vader,  but it just wasn't done very well.  Jar-jar should be deleted, as well as  Anakin, who, I'm sorry to break it to all his fans, will turn evil and die.   There were a couple of scenes where I was actually rooting for the evil  droids because Anakin was so incredibly annoying.  If you like sci-fi  crammed with effects, you'll like this. But if you're like me and would  rather have character and storyline development, and you're a big fan of  the trilogy, you probably won't think too highly of this movie.
B00004T0P1|5.0|This is one of the best instrumental soundtracks that I have ever heard. Period.<br />The music in this soundtrack begins with a wonderfully stirring anthem, and never lets up from there. The music is emotionally satisfying  without being sappy or overdone. <br />One of the best parts of this album is  the inclusion of African Rythms and African Background songs by the wondful  Lebo M. Here the composers achieve a synthesis of the classical  instrumental sound with the rich African Harmonies, that evokes such a  powerful sound that it becomes reminiscent of some of the most beloved  classical music.<br />This score truly proves that there are wonderful  American composers who can compose on a level with the greats of the  classical era. This score can stand on its own, and is worthy to be  performed by the best orchestras in the world. Thank-you James Newton  Howard.
0385493622|5.0|Wow!  I just finished this one and was sad to see it end.  The writing is so compelling that I had to stay up to finish it in one sitting.  If you are not familiar with Fermat's Last Theorem and why it is such a &quot;big  deal&quot;, let me just tantalize you by saying that it is basically a  &quot;generalized&quot; version of the Pythagorean theorem (the one  involving right triangles, which you have surely seen if you have ever  taken trigonometry in high school), although it asserts that higher forms  of the Pythagorean-style equation are unsolvable.<br />Singh gives an  exquisitely detailed history of the problem going all the way back to its  ancient Greek roots (i.e. Pythagoras), proceeds through  numerous failed  attempts to solve Fermat's challenging theorem by the great mathematicians  that succeeded him, and finally concludes with the (initially uncertain)  triumph of Andrew Wiles, who posessed the genius to prove the  Taniyama-Shimura conjecture (which implies the truth of FLT) and solidify a  previously precarious bridge to vast new mathematical wonderlands.<br />If you  enjoyed mathematics at some point in your life and think that interest may  still be lingering within you, then you may want to get this one fast -  your curiousity and admiration will be revived.  One of the best  mathematical popularizations around, and an historic  scientific/intellectual achievement supremely documented.
B000005H40|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums.  It is amazing. Check out the ultimate blue train though.  It has multimedia stuff on it.  It has interviews with other musicians, a video clip, and more...very nice.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I loved this movie, even if some of the scenes are a bit cheesy. The puppets are cool looking and funny, Bowie is awesome, and the music is catchy yet entertaining. There's book called &quot;The Goblins of  Labyrinth&quot; with funny little bios of some of the goblins you see in  the movie, and even some you don't.  Also, the movie was written by a  member of Monty Python, so it has to be good! BUY THIS FANTASY CLASSIC  NOW!
B00000FC5H|5.0|. . .&quot;Shining Star&quot; came out the spring I graduated from high school.  During choir tours in college, someone always brought along EWF tapes to play on those long bus rides.  I have fond memories of singing  right along with &quot;Sing a Song.&quot;  By the time I was in my early  20s, &quot;Boogie Wonderland,&quot; &quot;Getaway&quot; and &quot;Let's  Groove&quot; were popular in the discos.  And I'd forgotten about their  superb remake of &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; which was  originally recorded by four guys who answered to the names of John, Paul,  George, and Ringo.  Twenty-five years after I first heard these great  songs, I finally got this collection.  Do these songs still sound like  funky fun and make me feel 20 all over again?  Absolutely.  Are they worth  keeping for the next generation?  You better believe it.  One of my  colleagues and I are using &quot;Shining Star&quot; as background music for  our students to write about their dreams in our college class for undecided  students.  And my five-year-old daughter asks me to play it as soon as we  get in the car to go anywhere.  Did I even mention that a cappella meisters  Take 6 and contemporary Christian music's Point of Grace included covers of  &quot;Sing A Song&quot; on some of their 1990s albums? A positive, healthy  message NEVER goes out of style--especially when it's wrapped around some  of the most awesome riffs ever dreamed up. The only thing more fun than  listening to these guys is catching them on a cable-TV special or better  yet, in person.  Put the top down, slide this one into your stereo, and  enjoy. . .
B000002HMH|3.0|Now to look back on the CD I feel that it's not the best thing they put out but it's what they wanted to do.  There's several great songs on this CD.  Bleeding Me was engraved in my mind from the 2 local stations but  recently I heard it for the first time in a few years and loved it.<br />While  I may not always like the music direction Metallica takes, its the  direction they wish to take and I respect them more for doing what they  want and not what the &quot;whinning&quot; few that call them sell-outs  want.<br />The only reason Cliff would roll over in his grave is because of  the respect they currently get from those who once said they were fans.   Cliff listened to a lot of diverse music growing up and no matter what  others may want to think, he would have also wanted to &quot;grow&quot; and  not be stuck in the same old grind for 20 years!
0805062971|4.0|This book took me about four hours to read. It was well-worth the time I invested. The theme of males being lost in the new world order in which females have increasingly more and more control is a valid theme. Men may  have ruled the earth for centuries, but now that women are taking their  role in society, men have problems finding theirs, especially since it is  no longer necessary for them to be providers. So what if the men deal with  this by beating the crap out of each other?
0671027344|4.0|I'm 16 years old, and i've spent the past year reading classic books no later than 1960.  A friend of mine gave me this book to read yesterday morning, and i finished it yesterday afternoon.   I don't think this book is very profound, and it's not really anything new.  This is a document, or  a diary, of a teenager.  In that sense, the author accomplished the honesty  of being human, and growing up.  I found Charlie to be a lot more like me  than any other character i've ever read.  I think a lot of people may feel  the same way, in one way or the other.  The experiences are pretty  universal in high school life.  I think most young adults will be very  interested in this story. The only problem i had was the similarities to  Catcher in the Rye, especially towards the end.  But then again, this book  is very close to a 90's version of Catcher in the Rye, although in an  altogether different style.
0385491026|2.0|Elaine Risley returns to her childhood home of Toronto, Canada.  Where she is flooded with memories of her past life.  None of these memories conjure very fond sentiments.  Through a series of flashbacks, Risley  chronologically replays her life up to the present time.  Intermixed with  these flashbacks are interludes into current time.  In the current time,  Risley is in Toronto to attend a retrospective show of her art.  Risley is  a controversial painter.  She does not use the title artist because she  feels that the title painter is more conducive to gaining respect from  other people.    Throughout the novel, what others think and feel is  ultimately important to Risley.  Beginning with her early youth, Risley  aimed to please her \\"friends\\", a group of girls who tortured her and almost  killed her.  During the time Risley is undergoing this torture, she finds  solace in a cat's eye marble.  Risley claims to have always felt  uncomfortable with girls, possibly this occurrence is the reason why.     Also contributing to her discomfort is the untraditional lifestyle her  family leads.  Her father is an entomologist who does field research in the  Canadian forests, and so the family leads a nomadic life for numerous parts  of Risley's life.  Risley's only companion during these rootless times is  her older brother, Stephen, who entangles her in the world of boys.  Thus,  Risley relates to the world she first entered better than the world of  girls to which she actually belongs.    While Risley is growing up, her  antagonist, Cordelia persistently follows her.  The two temporarily break  connection when Risley gains the strength to revolt against the horrible  actions Cordelia is taking against Risley.  However, after several years,  the two girls again meet, only this time, Risley is the stronger one.  This  being the case, Risley treats Cordelia poorly, just as Cordelia had treated  her in the past.  Only later in her life (actually the present time in the  novel)does Risley come to the conclusion that \\"you should never pray for  justice because you might get some.\\"  The novel concludes with Risley in  the present time missing Cordelia with whom she wishes she could have a  relationship with again after having treated her so poorly.  In its  entirety, I did not find the book enjoyable.  Though the plot sounds  enticing, the execution was not what it should have been.  Too much time  was spent discussing the unpleasant aspects of Risley's life, and not  enough time was devoted to plot development. Although Atwood's preliminary  idea was well concieved, the execution was not.  Parts of Atwood's novel  contained beautiful language, but the content in which it was presented was  not near as masterful.
0812034465|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is filled with moral lessons, adventure and humor.  The children's growth and maturity thoughout this story is true to life.  Their relationships with each other, their father, neighbors and other  relatives engage the reader and keep you wanting more whether those  relationships are positive or negative.  The characters and the  descriptions of the neighborhood and town are vivid.  When reading this  book, one becomes linked with the characters as if those townfolk were  one's own.    It can't be put down until it is finished.  And the finish is  worth the wait.
B00001XT76|4.0|This isn't a review of the movie - the coming of age story about Baby, an uppity girl on vacation in the Catskills who learns about love, life, and how to dance while visiting a resort - but rather a review on this DVD's  ability to transform any non-DVD-believer to the new format.<br />This DVD's  featurettes were recorded in 1987 - long ago enough that they realized the  marketing potential to have many Making Of and Extra Bonus Feature  abilities, and by including these original 1987 films on the DVD you can  *easily* compare the quality differences. This alone makes you realize why  you opted to buy the DVD over another VHS.<br />It's fun to see the directors  and actors, in their full 1980's VHS quality, commenting on the movie. They  intercut the dance scenes as well as the dialouge without digital  conversion, and when you watch it, you notice just how much of an  improvement DVD is. Listen to the sound in the cutscenes and then replay  the same scene in the DVD, and anyone who hasn't switched to DVD certainly  will.<br />The DVD contains all the music videos from the movie - again, in  relatively low-res VHS/MTV quality, as well as some animated backgrounds. A  great DVD for the simple fact that it's so easy to switch between what  you've seen on VHS for years (and even on at the theatres) and what is  available on DVD, quality-wise, today.
B000023X9W|3.0|Neil Young is no doubt a very strong, consistant and prolific songwriter.  &quot;Silver and Gold&quot; is a decent album but is often annoying in my opinion.  The title track is particularly strong and intimate, as is  &quot;Razor Love&quot;.  Most of the other songs are largely unlistenable.   Now, I don't want anyone to get the wrong idea, I think Neil is great and  has made incredible albums, but I really don't see why this album is all  that special.  He's capable of so much more...
0783229321|5.0|Not much of a description about the movie, but rather just:<br />Buy this DVD over the other, older DVD. The other one doesn't have all the extra features (and quality might be lacking, too).
0060273224|5.0|I'm not sure whether this was his first book, but after reading shades children, I was hungry for more. Sabriel got me stuck to Nix. The way that he creates the kingdomes, charachters, and the magic, it seems so real. I loved this book, and you will to if you've read some of Garth Nix's books.  It is worth every penny!
0380973464|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book - up until the last 100 pages.  The ending struck me as the Author becoming impatient - with an urge to just wrap everything up. The Author spends 800 pages explaining situations in  excruciating detail; however, towards the conclusion he fails to follow the  same methodology.
B000003NA4|5.0|<br />There are very few artists who hold my interest and survive repeated playings.<br />Diana Krall, however, is an exception to that rule.  I've had this CD for over a year now and I'm not one bit tired of it.  In fact, it's  playing right now and I'm enjoying every second.<br />I've just purchased her  latest offering and it's headed toward my favorite list, too.<br />Maybe it's  not Miles or Billie, but it's certainly more than what's being offered on  the radio.  My husband and I love Krall and will continue to listen to her  over and over and over and over...she's that good.<br />Enjoy!
B000002MP2|5.0|Six years later and it stills sounds great in the old cd player.  No furniture or windows is safe once this cd begins.<br />
B00000J7S8|5.0|I've been a Krall fan for a couple of years.  &quot;Peel me a Grape&quot; from &quot;Love Scenes&quot; is one of my all-time favorites.  I've introduced a lot of my friends to her and I'm glad she's getting some  main stream exposure.<br />On this CD, I believe Krall has finally found her  niche and has developed a style she can claim as her own.  While she  always gives thanks/credit to those who came before her, she is now a  full-fledged stylist in her own right.  &quot;I've Got You Under My  Skin&quot; hasn't been done this well since Sinatra.<br />Artists will be  copying Krall for decades.<br />As other reviewers here have said:  Do  yourself a HUGE favor and get this CD...turn down the lights...grab a glass  of your favorite beverage...kick back...and enjoy some of the best music to  come down the pike since Clooney or Fitzgerald.  It's that good.<br />Enjoy!
6305132984|5.0|I loved this movie! It made me laugh and it made me cry! It had amazing songs (most notably: &quot;Maria&quot;, &quot;America&quot;, and &quot;Cool,&quot; and &quot;Tonight.&quot;) The dancing is great as well!  Great performances all around! This is definitely one of my Top 10 movies.  There really isn't much more to say except for go buy it! You won't be  disappointed!
B00004S6GL|1.0|About one week ago, a friend of mine came over and played Elliot's XO disc for me and I really liked it. A lot. And I'd heard snippets of the songs from Figure 8 on the web and thought they sounded pretty interesting.  <br />After buying and listening to Figure 8 a couple of times, I must say I'm  very disappointed. The vocals are barely audible and the arrangements are  so ridiculously complex that, even when I WAS trying to focus on what  Elliot was singing, I couldn't make them out because everything else in the  mix was so distracting. Now don't get me wrong...I DO like smart  arrangements and good songwriting and that's what I heard on XO...but  that's not what I found on Figure 8.
6304613199|1.0|Unbelievable mixture of the best dinosaur visuals on earth and totally pointless, unconvincing plot even worse than &quot;One Million Years B.C.&quot; Hunters capture living dinosaurs for a dino-zoo. Disgusting  eco-terrorists release them for paper thin sympathy and invite blood rain.  Dozens of hunters and a fellow of eco-terrorists are killed and almost  nobody points that silliness. Those dinosaurs are FAR from nature or  ecology. They are biohazard by genetics. Who on earth tries to protect REAL  nature of Costa Rica? If you don't care anything of the story, this is the  greatest show ever. If you are cynical enough to laugh a big waste of  fabulous talents and vast budget, this is an enjoyable feature. But if you  are naive enough to believe that talented people will always do right,  avoid this at any cost.
B000009EAD|5.0|I love heavy metal of all types, however, I usually don't go for the power metal bands.  I saw this cd in a local record store and loved the cover art.  I bought it, even though I had never heard the band.  I do this  often, when I find a band with a cool name or artwork.  Anyway, I went home  and put it in my cd player and was imediately blown away.  This is TRUE  heavy metal.  While the indivual musicians are far from the most talented  players in the world, together they fit together perfectly and write some  of the best music I have ever heard.  From start to finish, there is not  one dull spot on this album.  &quot;Burning Times&quot; is a great opener,  heavy as hell.  The slower, more melodic songs, &quot;Melancholy&quot;,  &quot;Watching Over Me&quot;, and &quot;Consequences&quot;, are incredible  works of music.  You can feel the emotion.  Barlow is one of the most  talented vocalists in the genre, his voice fits the music perfectly.   &quot;Reaping Stone&quot; is my favorite song, I love the hook and chorus.   The final three songs are all incredible, especially &quot;Prophecy&quot;  and &quot;The Coming Curse&quot;.  I love the piano intro on the final cut.   All in all, if you are a fan of music at all, get this album immediately.   Old Metallica and Pantera fans will love &quot;Disciples of the Lie&quot;,  &quot;Burning Times&quot;, and &quot;Stand Alone&quot;.  Power metal fans  will love every song.  Possibly the best album I have ever heard.
6304613199|1.0|Unbelievable mixture of the best dinosaur visuals on earth and totally pointless, unconvincing plot even worse than &quot;One Million Years B.C.&quot; Hunters capture living dinosaurs for a dino-zoo. Disgusting  eco-terrorists release them for paper thin sympathy and invite blood rain.  Dozens of hunters and a fellow of eco-terrorists are killed and almost  nobody points that silliness. Those dinosaurs are FAR from nature or  ecology. They are biohazard by genetics. Who on earth tries to protect REAL  nature of Costa Rica? If you don't care anything of the story, this is the  greatest show ever. If you are cynical enough to laugh a big waste of  fabulous talents and vast budget, this is an enjoyable feature. But if you  are naive enough to believe that talented people will always do right,  avoid this at any cost.
B000001ELD|1.0|This album just plain stinks!  It is the product of a pompous, egotistical megalomaniac.  Oh, and look at the all-star cast: Cher, Helen Reddy, Liza Minelli, just to name a few.  This album reeks of blantant shameless  commercialism.  &quot;See You in Your Dreams&quot; is a great song off of  the &quot;Rock-n-Roll Over&quot; album.  It was remade on this album and  absolutely ruined.  To make matters worse, it then fades into &quot;When  You Wish Upon a Star.&quot;  &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; and &quot;Livin' in  Sin&quot; are examples of Gene's overwhelming obsession with sex and with  his narcisistic self.  The only cut that has any alleged redeeming  qualities is &quot;Radioactive.&quot;  This song translated very well into  the Dynasty Tour's live set.  Still, that doesn't change the fact that this  album is just plain lousy.  It's only value is as a collector's item.  Any  sane person would be embarassed to be caught listening to it.
0767817443|1.0|I don't care if this huge reptile is Godzilla or not. I admit some ideas - like missile dodging agility - were not bad. But the plot is incredibly unconvincing and could not keep suspense. For example, an army loads tons  of fish to lure the lizard from subway tunnel. The lizard appears as they  have planned and nobody reacts! No attack, no panic, just watching the  iguana groaning. Maybe good laughing stuff for cynical audience.
B00003CXDV|3.0|This is not a great movie, but it is very enjoyable. Too many people attach great importance to the TV shows of the past. Galaxyquest is a fun exploration of a bunch of has-beens who must pull together to actually  become the team they portrayed on TV. See Sigorny Weaver play the  &quot;anti-Ripley&quot; was inspired casting.
630460288X|4.0|This movie was never intended to be a serious statement about anything, but it is full of gags about our own times.  It is a little dated now that 1996 has come and gone, and LA has not been reduced to a war zone, but a  lot of the humor remains and the action is very good.  Sandra Bullock fans  will probably be exceptionally pleased in how she fills out her police  uniform in this film.  In short, this movie is good ol' fashioned  entertainment: there are good guys and bad guys, stuff blows up and you  often catch yourself laughing.  My personal favorite gag is listening to  the alarm in the background that goes off each time a character uses foul  language.
B00003CWOL|4.0|Several friends told me how blasphemous this film was, but I tried it on another friends suggestion. I was very pleased. While &quot;rough&quot; in places, the underlying gentleness and wonder show through. This movie did  two important things - it entertained me and made me think.
B00003CWL6|2.0|Perhaps &quot;American Beauty&quot; is a revelation--but only for those that are criminally shallow.  The plot revolves around familial and personal alienation in a progressively isolated society...unfortunately,  the entire thing reads like a caricature, with unbelievable and cartoonish  characters (gay nazis and suburbanite teenage drug-dons...c'mon!), instead  of like the intropective and sincere examination of contemporary emotional  struggles it promises to be.  Mendes' direction (his first attempt, by the  way) is one-dimensional, trite, and seriously lacking--there are certainly  no strides in innovation occuring here (the pitiful use of symbolic imagery  is laughable).  The film is a perfect example of an attempt by a  filmmaker/writer to be poetic, without the understanding that cinematic  poetry should flow naturally and be an honest depiction of the human  spirit.  AB is contrived, but for those familiar only with hollywood  celluloid, it may to provide some sort of awakening--this is NOT a film for  connoisseurs of contemplative or provocative works...it suffers from being  philosophically mediocre.  There are far better contemporary films that  present the sentiments of alienation and the struggle to command one's own  existence with much more artistically satisfying strides in style and  story--namely, &quot;Magnolia&quot;.
6301763041|5.0|This Movie ROCKS!  I was so impressed with this movie,It's not like it's a hardcore action movie or anything but this is one of those movies that you can watch all the time and never get tired of it.I love the music the  cars and the style and you get all of it here in this classic film.
0783242808|5.0|AMERICAN PIE IS THE CLASSIC TEEN FILM.  THE PLOT, WHILE SIMPLE, IS TO NO LONGER BE A VIRGIN BY PROM NIGHT.  THE MEANS TAKEN BY THE CHARACTERS ARE H ILARIOUS.  MY FAVORITE CHARACTERS WERE JIM, HIS FATHER AND THE CHARACTER  PLAYED BY ALLISON HANNIGAN.  THEY WILL CRACK YOU UP!  IT'S JUST SOMETHING  ABOUT THE WAY JIM LOOKS AT THAT PIE.  OZ, THE GUY WHO JOINS THE GLEE CLUB,  IS ALSO GOOD. HE TURNS OUT TO BE REALLY SWEET IN THE END.  WATCH THIS FILM  AND YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD spreads The Christian message to many nonchristians....<br />The lyrics are awsome. Most Cds I buy have one or two good songs... this cd is packed with great songs! This is definatly worth the buy and a good listen  too.
B000001FJV|5.0|It's only fitting that this compilation should have been the first issued on The Godfather in the CD era.  Yes, some of its content has been since included in later collections, but if you are new to James Brown, there is  no better place to begin.  By the time of the first track on this set (It's  A New Day, 1969), JB was doing what no one else could.  Virtually  everything he put out went straight to the top of the charts.  James would  assemble his players, in some cases in the empty auditorium where the show  had just ended, and lay down a mutha track in just one take.  Listen as the  rhymes come non-stop.  The interplay between James and the original JB's  (when they were young and hungry) is astounding.  Just check out James'  social commentaries on \\"Talking Loud and Saying Nothin'\\",  \\"Get Up, Get Into It, Get Involved\\", and \\"Soul Power\\".  And dig this, the version of \\"Funky Drummer\\" included here is the  funkiest of all the issued versions!  This cut of \\"I Got To Move\\"  is superior in all ways to that included on \\"Funk Power\\".  And  let's not forget the over-the-top re-recording of \\"Hot Pants\\",  with the tambourine helping James to seek out your mind and not let it go.  Both versions are great.  If you have some of that new software, try making  a mega-mix of the two!  If you THOUGHT you didn't have soul, you'll think  again after getting into this album.  Once you've had this Intro to the  Funk, you'll be ready to get deeper into James Brown! UPDATE: In The Jungle Groove has been re-issued (2003) in a re-mastered version, featuring an extended cut of \\"Blind Man Can See It,\\" the jazzy-hip instrumental from the Black Caesar soundtrack.
6305627401|5.0|Just when it looked like the hype and beyond-mass-merchandising of South Park were going to (justifiably) kill the Comedy Central series, Matt and Trey devised this subversive and utterly delicious film.  And unlike the  basic premise of the TV show (four young friends with foul mouths,  disgusting habits and repellant attitudes), &quot;Bigger...&quot; offers  several REAL stories/plotlines and manages to resolve them effectively.  And if anyone was afraid their favorite character wouldn't appear, rest  assured: the only one that doesn't merit so much as a cameo is Mr.  Hanky.<br />It should go without saying that this is balls to the wall  humor...just about every facet of (American) Pop culture is blasted and  laid bare, from the quintessential animated musical to American nationalism  and egotism.  And for once, the underlying story(ies) are compelling enough  to keep viewers entertained, and the one-liners and insults are just  icing.<br />Granted, this is probably not a film for young kids, but it is no  more &quot;negative&quot; or alienating than the evening news.  Teens and  adult fans will enjoy repeated viewings, and considering the rapid-fire  insults, slams and jabs, there's usually something 'new' to enjoy with each  playback.  As such, the DVD is a better buy....your VHS copy will get worn  out.<br />For a TV franchise with ever-diminishing appeal, this movie is the  best reason yet to give South Park a prominent place in entertainment  history books to come.<br />-Mic
6302043158|5.0|I wonder why Americans of 2000  would be interested in English working  class youth culture of the 1960`s, but still.                Quadrophenia  is accurate in its depiction of the times &amp; people. I was not a 60`s  Mod, thankfully ( as i see it now) about 6-10  years too young, however the  scene did not die in the North of England &amp; I picked it up in the  seventies with many original Mods still active. Everyone who saw   Quadrophenia in the seventies was impressed by its accuracy of detail &amp;  it was a hard audience believe me. The spirit of the youth of the time was  so well captured, the rebelion &amp; the astonishment of the older  generation            If you have any reason to wish to know about the Mod  culture just get the film. The soundtrack is great &amp; just as a movie to  pass the time it is well worth watching.    To sum it up, it takes me back  a bit ,god my poor mother, sorry mum.
B000001ESP|5.0|This is rush's best album.It is a perfect balance of progressive tunes and rockers.Red Barchetta takes you on a wild ride,YYZ is there greatest instrumetal 2nd only to La Villa Strangito.Tom Sawyer and Limelight are  awesome.Camera Eye is a great epic.And Witch Hunt is the first and best   part of the 3 part epic Fear.Signals was a great follow up to this but  sadly rush wouldn't relive this album till 91's Roll The Bones
1573227978|5.0|I was mesmerized by this novel. It was the first book that I've read that has really tuned in to my generation. Being born in the late 70's, I could easily tap into the social nuances and memories Garland weaved throughout  the whole story. This is an excellant, nonstop tale that is hard to put  down!
B000001ESJ|5.0|Not as good as 2112 or Hemispheres but still a great effort.Closer To The Heart &amp; Xanadu are great.The epic Cygnus is an awesome tale of a black hole.
B0000399WI|5.0|Tim Robbins stars as a man who is put in jail after being wronglly accused of killing his wife who commited adultery. In jail he meets many different characters including Morgan Freeman, who won an Oscar for his role in this  film. Wonderful acting, wonderful everything! I love this film. I can watch  it over and over and over and never get sick. I always cry at the end, it  gives me so much hope. Hope is all we really have, and that's the one thing  no one can take a way from us is hope...hope and God.
B000001ESF|5.0|Any progressive rock musican must listen to this befor writing there music.It is a trademark for progressive rock.The title track is a great piece of music.It takes into a variety of modes.Geddy Lee's voice on  something for nothing is awesome and Passage To Bangok is great.
B00001MXXG|5.0|Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick), his friend (Alan Ruck) and his girlfriend (Mia Sara) decide to skip school and head in town to Chicago and spend the day hanging out. Very funny, and has some classic lines like  &quot;Life moves so fast, sometimes you need to stop and check it  out.&quot; Also stars Jeffrey Jones, Charlie Sheen, and Jennifer Grey.
0375707972|4.0|Schlink's &quot;The Reader&quot; is a wonderful novel that goes to the heart of the post-WWII German social problem:  how do we reconcile ourselves with our past?  The two main characters, Hanna and Michael, live  out this question and provoke the reader to consider the moral issues at  stake.  Who is &quot;guilty&quot; for Nazi attrocities?  Should the  post-war generation take responsibility for the actions of their parents?   Schlink has is own, very unique, and sometimes disturbing answers to these  questions.  But more importantly, this easy-to-read, thought-provoking  story should raise questions in the American mind about our own guilt for  horrors such slavery, segregation, and Nisei imprisonment carried out by  our forefathers.  It certainly is a novel everyone should read to get a  clearer understanding of how to live with a guilty past.
0792837916|5.0|John Travolta, Rene Russo and Delroy Lindo are all slick and cool in this mobster comedy about Hollywood. Chili Palmer (Travolta) goes to Hollywood to escape a fouled mouthed mobster (Dennis Farina) and ends up helping out  movie producer Harry Zim (Gene Hackman) and mingling with movie star Martin  Weir (Danny DeVito). He also has to mess with a suave gangster name Bo  (Lindo) and his sidekick stuntsman Bear (James Gandolphini). Very action  packed, very funny, and great music as well. Also stars Bette Midler,  Harvey Keitel and Penny Marshall.
0201633612|4.0|As you probably already realize from the large number of reviews, this book is one of the seminal books on patterns in software development.  If you are a professional software developer, you must read this.  If you are learning to write good software, this is a book that you will need to take  on at some point, but I urge some caution.<br />In particular, many of the  patterns in this book represent highly distilled wisdom about effective  solutions -- distilled so far that, unless you have implemented code that  realizes the pattern in question already, you may have trouble absorbing  the material.  I find that programmers-to-be who dive into this book, often  end up talking annoyingly about &quot;applying patterns&quot; without  having a real grasp of how these things translate (with some distortion and  compromise) into real projects.<br />That being said, an excellent way to  bridge the gap is to read this book along with &quot;Pattern Hatching :  Design Patterns Applied&quot; by John Vlissides.  That book is a chatty  companion piece for this one -- I found myself understanding how to  incorporate patterns into my day-to-day design work much more after reading  both books.<br />See:   Pattern Hatching : Design Patterns Applied    [also at Amazon.com]<br />Overall, while this  book is an extremely important contribution to software developers, it is  structured in a way that makes the material difficult to absorb if you  aren't approaching it with substantial previous knowledge about developing  software.  You can start with some of the simpler patterns (Singleton, for  example) and work through the harder ones, but only by implementing  projects and stumbling upon these yourself will you really feel a flash of  recognition as you read them in the book.
1558908382|4.0|This hilarious movie is about hitman Martin Blank (John Cusack) who returns to his 10 year school reunion to get in touch with his long lost love (Minnie Driver) and meet up with an old friend (Jeremy Piven). But  chaos corrupts when hitmen are there to hit him. And whose all behind this?  A man named Groser (Dan Aykroyd), Blank's rivarly hitman. Veru funny, great  80's music, and very action filled. Also stars Alan Arkin, Jenna Elfman,  Barbara Harris, Hank Azaria, and Joan Cusack.
B00004STPT|1.0|The very first time I heard the music, it was instantly recognizable - from the melody, chord progression and intensity. This was Holst and Wagner in their latest reincarnations. All of us know that Hollywood in the past  had always looked to these European Composers for their Biblical and Roman  spectacles,having not had their Hovhanesses and Philip Glasses.The Arabic  interludes are also nothing much to write about, if you happen to be an  ardent follower of North African, Rai or for that matter, Sufi  music.<br />Altogether a disappointing score - as much as the film.
0790734850|4.0|Mayhem in the city of Angels. They say this is the place to live. Is it really? Guy Pierce stars as a police officer who uncovers the corruption of the the LA Police officers in the 50's. Great acting, wonderful screenplay,  exciting, thrilling and even humorous at times. Also stars King Danny  DeVito, Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Kim Basinger, James Cromwell, and  David Strathairn.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Hilary Swank definately deserved the best actress oscar she recieved.  Actually, all the performances in this movie are exceptionally superb.  They really add to the gripping power of this movie.<br />This is a movie that  revolves around the theme of self discovery.  Basically, it teaches us to  be who we are, and drop all our insecurities even though we may be  outcasts.  The movie also teaches us to drop our hate, which comes from  fear about people who are different from us.<br />This movie has some  extremely powerful sequences.  Powerful enough to make you cry, even  powerful enough to make you react to characters actions, I got so mad at  one point I actually had genuine hate for one of the characters in the  movie.  But that's a good thing, because it means the film had an effect on  me, as it will on you.<br />The DVD is nice but not great, it includes a short  documentary, and an informative commentary by the director.<br />Highly  Reccomended.
0783240236|4.0|Next to &quot;Trouble With Harry&quot; and &quot;Psycho&quot; this is his best. Freaky and suspenseful. The sequel to it is horrible. Don't you EVEN think about it renting it.
B000003C2U|5.0|None of the reviews that I have seen on this page to date make any mention of Sean Reinert, the drummer on this album, so I felt I should write something.  He is one of the best drummers in the scene, and deserves some  recognition.  For me, a review of Human that does not mention the drumming  misses the point.<br />For people obsessed with speed alone, his performance  is the fastest I have ever heard.  A decent standard for a &quot;fast&quot;  beat would be something like Slayer's &quot;Angel of Death&quot;, which  clocks in at about 210 beats per minute (BPM).  It is impressive because  the feet are doing 16th notes of this on the bass drums, which makes the  section sound quite intense.  On Human, however, most of the songs clock in  between 230 and 240 BPM.  He maintains this performance for a majority of  the CD as well....<br />But suppose we ignore this.  Sean himself seems to know  that musicianship is more than speed alone.  A lot of drummers in the scene  have speed, but their playing sounds very angular and predictable.  Sean  brings in the influences like Vinnie Colaiuta and Stewart Copeland to give  the music a less predictable feel.  His ability to syncopate and turn the  beat around keeps this CD interesting, and he has a great rhythmic  vocabulary.<br />Any drummer caught in a rut looking for someone to inspire  them should check this out.
6302038308|5.0|when you watch ths movie you'll need more than 1 pair of uns this movie is great!
0767821629|5.0|It was a Great Movie. Must see.
0440219078|3.0|Having read &quot;The Giver&quot; by Lois Lowry for the first time I liked the book because it was quite easy to understand. But this advantage of the book  is also a big fault big fault because there is absolutely no profundity. The only protagonist, named Jonas, who lives in a community of &quot;Sameness&quot; realizes the mistakes of this collective life without  any space for individuality and tries to break out from it. This is the  material for a short story of 3 pages. But Lowry made a book of 150 pages  out of it. That's why the story abounds with repetitions and the longer you  read the more boring the book gets. But this is not the biggest failure.  The most important weak point is the end. All is said there and when you  put the book away there is nothing to think over. Good boks let space to  think for your own but in &quot;The Giver&quot; there is nothing at all. So  on the whole I would say that &quot;The Giver&quot; is not the right book  for people older than 15 years because it's simply to light.
0780020693|4.0|On the surface, a very messy and vulgar film with no apparent narrative.  Watch it more closely and you will see that Fellini is attempting to make a very good point about the oppressive years of fascism.  Many think it is an  autobiographical film, but Fellini himself denies this fact, stressing how  the name Amarcord is the name of a local aperitif.  The sexual repression  of the young boys, the constantly foggy surroundings, Titta's suffocation  by the buxom tobacconist lady - all trying to say something, don't you  think?  Please don't be put off at face-value, because much more lies under  the surface.  Enjoy.
B0000070QS|5.0|I bought this to while away the time waiting for the new A-ha album. I read some positive reviews. I recieved the CD, had one listen, and thought ...hmmm, ok....can't wait for the A-ha one. BUT on the second listen, I was  HOOKED! This is a great album, confiming that Morten can certainly do it on  his own. East Timor is just amazing, as is Lay Me Down Tonight and Los  Angeles. Take my advice - buy it! ..lance
1559409010|5.0|You have to be a genius to be this silly.  Monty Python has done a fantastic amount of research into Jewish history and the birth of Christianity to make a total mockery of the hypocrisy found in people who  claim to practice these religions.  As a deeply spiritual man, I found this  film completely unoffensive.  This film doesn't poke fun at those who are a  part of their religion because of an informed, knowledgeable decision, but  rather at those who believe what they believe despite all evidence to the  contrary and can't offer any valid explanation for it.  Most people have  probably been embarassed by people of that sort even in there own religion.   Anybody who thinks that Monty Python's sense of humor is stupid isn't  smart enough to understand the vast amount of research they must have done  to turn verifiable history into such a ridiculous commentary on unchanging  human behaviour.  From the political issue made out of Stan's irrational  desire to be a woman so he could have babys (You haven't got a womb.   Where's the fetus going to gestate?  You gonna put it in a box?) to the  embarrasing meeting where the PFJ finds out that maybe the Romans aren't so  bad (Okay, they did provide the roads, the aqueduct, public sanitation,  education, the wine, etc.) to Pontius Pilate's speech impedement (Who do  you want weleased?  And no more Wudolph the Wed-nosed Weindeer.) followed  by his best friend's linguistic problems (Thampthon of Thithily the  Thaduthee thtrangler wanted for theveral theditious crimeth) to the finale  of optomistics on crosses singing &quot;Always look on the bright side of  life.&quot;  If you don't get this epic joke and at least appreciate some  of what they deleted to keep the plot tight (DVD--Criterion Edition only) I  feel sorry for you.  But I'm not your judge.  Review this film for  yourself.
B000000993|5.0|I was blown away. This album rocks. I listen to it all the time. Sober is one of my all time favorite songs now. I can't wait for the next album.
B00003CXDU|5.0|We rented this one on VHS over the weekend and watched it with our 15 year  old who hates Star Trek and the like. Even she loved it. It is hysterically  funny, we had tears rolling down our faces. Sigourney is stunning!(I quote  my husband &quot;she actually looks good with hair&quot; :-)), and Tim  Allen is wickedly funny as always. The film makers hit it right on the mark  with all the stereotyping from the old sci fi series like the original Star  Trek. It does help if you used to watch the series but it is not necessary  to really enjoy this movie. Get it! It is well worth your money.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club was discredited by many of the film industry pundits for being to surreal, and lacking a true plot structure. That's just plain ignorance of the traditional Hollywood reviewer. This film got mixed reviews simply because the plot structure and the themes were &quot;too complex&quot; for  many to understand. And that's the point! This movie is one of those types  of movies that has to be seen more than once to fully appreciate. So if  you've already seen Fight Club, do yourself a favor and view it again. And  if you haven't seen this film yet, do so! And view it more than once . . . I'm out
B00004TDTO|5.0|I am so happy this movie is finally coming out on DVD. I can't imagine  anybody who saw this as a youngster not being affected by it in one way or  another. I for one do not go swimming in water of which I can't see the  bottom :-). I think my favorite part is still the very first scene with the  girl being pulled under, what a horrific way to go. All the characters have  depth, and add to the movie in their own special way. If you have never  seen this movie (which I can't imagine) watch it! You will think twice  about going in the ocean :-) I am definately getting this DVD as soon as it  is out.
0783240503|5.0|This video was fabulous!   But my main reason for writing this review is to tell people who are having concerns about the video because of Donny Osmond, GET A LIFE!   Donny is no longer a 15 year old teen idol.  Some  people who still see him that way need to get out of the 70's.  He has  grown up into a fine performer.  Give him a break.  Everyone in the video  was fantastic and it is definitely a must see.
014028009X|5.0|I wasn't expecting much, based on the excerpt that amazon provides, but I bought the book anyhow, because I'm always looking for a new genre/author  to read.<br />Let me preface my comments by saying that I don't usually laugh  at books, at best you'll get me to grin.<br />Not with this book. My neighbors  must surely think I'm a lunatic, because as I'm reading along, some of the  things the character does in this book are so genuine, so insane and yet  something so real-life, that I can't help myself but howl with laughter.  You've probably thought of doing these things yourself, or have done them,  with equally disastrous results.  And that's what probably struck a chord  with me, and drew me into this character -- she's completely believable,  even for all the crazy things she does. Another reason why I probably  related to this book, and to keep in mind if you aren't in this kind of  mindset, is that the story revolves around a terminally single  30-something, who's facing the prospect of aging and her single life.  That's not to say other age-groups won't enjoy this book, but I think for  the growing numbers of single 30-somethings out there, this book will hit  home.<br />The writing style is easy and fun to read as well, and propels you  forward into the book, in eager anticipation of what mess Bridget will get  herself into THIS time. In fact, the story line sort of reminds me of Sex  in the City (HBO), but Bridget has more substance, and the book isn't ALL  about sex! Ha! (But even the sex is really implied, rather than graphically  spelled out).<br />In any event, I highly recommend this book. Take a chance  like me and buy it. You'll soon be making YOUR neighbors worry about your  mental health with all the laughter!<br />Enjoy!
B000001ESN|5.0|A classic rush tour de force.  I've been listening to it for years and  still enjoy it.  I'd love to see the band re-record / update some of these  older songs in a studio environment.
6305903182|4.0|Great end to the series, it even makes up for the disappointing Scream 2. Good acting around, But the credit has to Go To Neve Campbell ; who keeps you glued to your seat with her electrifying performance of Sidney, and  Parker Posey who gives a show stopping comic performance to this  movie.<br />You will not be disappointed.
B00000K19E|5.0|In the Matrix, which is the virtual world we all(think that we) live in, the laws of physics don't apply. If the hero of this film Thomas Anderson aka Neo(Keanu Reeves) had gotten hold of that concept there would be no  film. I was tempted to give this film 4 stars rather then five, but that  would've been hipocritical since I went back to see it twice since its  release. I will explain.<br />   The most riveting scene in the film for me  was a very simple one, the group of rebels led by Morpheus (Lawrence  Fishburne) lead Neo back inside The Matrix for the first time since he  learned of its existance. He watches the hussle in the streets he used to  walk, he points out a resteruant he used to visit &quot;I used to eat  there, great noodles.&quot;  I wish there was more of that in the film,  more observing of those hopeless (or are they?) humans that unwittingly  walk through a manufactured existance. I wish there was more of a human  element to the film, wouldn't it have been incredibly fascinating, to  actually observe a couple of characters who live within The Matrix through  the eyes of one of our heroes. What happened to Neo's friends (virtual they  maybe). The Wachowski's only provide hints of this, instead they throw at  us incredible action sequences that are unsurpassed in movie history. There  are no words to describe how exhilerating the action is, and its reason  enough for the five star rating. But by going for an action overkill they  lose the poignancy that a film like DARK CITY created. The Matrix  frequently breaks its own laws, for example if Neo and his gang of cyber  rebels can jump from rooftop to rooftop because they recognise that in a  virtual world there is no gravity, why don't they employ this technique  when being chased by the agents? Ofcourse this kind of nitpicking would  have deprived this very thrilling film of its thrills. The action geek  within me is saying &quot;This movie rocks&quot;, but on an intellectual  level, it is a nearmasterpiece that doesn't quite follow through on its  compelling premise.<br />  Consider this. This review you are reading right  now doesn't actually exist, but it is infact a collection of tiny electrons  projected on to your screen. If amazon doesn't transmit it, it would cease  to exist. <br />   Take a little of The Matrix, throw in a portion of Dark  City and add the entirity of Orwell's 1984 and you have a documentary made  in 2048. Hey, if Carrie Anne Moss would be there I wouldn't mind it one  bit.
B00000AFFF|1.0|Reading the misty eyed reviews of all these passionate Costello fans, I felt a bit like crying myself.  Unfortunately, the tears I almost shed are for the dearly departed Declan MacManus (aka Elvis Costello.)  Despite the  unfortunate and cartoonish moniker, Costello has delivered more than a  handful of listenable songs.  His last outing &quot;All This Useless  Beauty,&quot; was certainly one of his pinnicle records.  Unfortunately  that record bombed commercially and, obviously feeling nervous, Costello  pairs up with the everlasting Burt Bacharach to maintain some semblance of  stardom.  So now we have &quot;Painted by Memory,&quot; which may have been  better titled &quot;Pained by Memory&quot; or &quot;Painted by  Numbers.&quot;  When we find over emoting Elvis asking such deep and  rhetorical questions as &quot;Does the candle really care about the  darkness?&quot; it's pretty much an indication the bloom is off the rose.  The pork pie hat is another sign. I listened to this album about 20 times  in a row, searching for a reason for it's existence.  Between the rim tap  beats and the french horn accents, I finally snapped.  The album is truly  awful. Musically, the album is all Burt with a few Costello flairs thrown  in and really should have had Bacharach's name on the top. And no matter  the lyrical contribution Costello made, he should have left the singing to  someone else. And Elvis Costello is a great singer.  Just ask him. But a  singer the caliber and style of Dionne Warwick would have been much better  suited to this material. Either way, Bacharach and Costello are not a great  pairing.  Costello would have been more in step collaborating with an  artist like Charlie Rich (now deceased) where vocal style overrides vocal  talent.  Instead, we have Costello performing this bad Broadway like it  means something.  What it means is that, with Tony Bennett's son as his  manager, we can probably only expect it to get worse. And worse. Especially  since the record was so well received. &quot;Painted by Memory&quot; is a  corny, fluffy piece of pap that introduces Bacharach to a new generation of  listeners (which is good) and exposes Costello as a fading talent who has  run out of new ideas (which is a shame.) In other words, Bacharach didn't  betray the reasons he's a great musician with this record. Costello just,  well, I don't know what he's done here. I'm only sorry he subjected me to  it.  I'm just grateful Elvis didn't walk out on stage at the last Academy  Awards and sing a movie theme with Burt. That would have been the last  straw.
B000002UAR|5.0|All things being equal, REVOLVER is probably the Beatles greatest artistic achievement, even surpassing the Sgt. Pepper album.  In many ways, this album has everything a listener could ask for.  If you like great guitar  rock, listen to Taxman, She Said She Said, and Doctor Robert; if you're  into classical and jazz, songs such as Eleanor Rigby, Got to Get You Into  My Life, and For No One are sure to bring a smile to your face; songs like  Yellow Submarine and Good Day Sunshine are so catchy they're almost  annoying; Here, There, and Everywhere is a love song for all you saps out  there, though I must admit I like it myself, particularly the electric  guitar and the backing vocals of John and George.  Finally, if you into the  surreal, like me, songs like I'm Only Sleeping, Love You Two, and Tommorow  Never Knows will leave you scratching your head searching for the meaning  of within.  Though not every song is for everyone, there are really no weak  moments on the album with the possible exception of And Your Bird Can Sing.   Yet listening to Anthology II shows the original framework of this song as  another catchy Beatle number.  This only proves that the Beatles,  particularly Lennon, were tired of straight pop when REVOLVER was made and  had clearly entered their artistic period.  On top of the great songs and  the innovative production, REVOLVER boasts some of the most profound, if  not obscure, lyrics the Fab Four ever wrote.  Clearly, it was this album,  not Sgt. Pepper, where the Beatles became full-fledged artists, though its  impact on the public was not as major as that of Sgt. Pepper.  Personally,  I believe that ABBEY ROAD is their best album in terms of sheer listening  enjoyment.  However, REVOLVER is not far behind and considering other  factors such as lyrics and studio innovations, it could very well be the  crowning jewel in the musical catelogue of the Beatles.
B000005L86|5.0|I love reggae music. I've listened to a LOT of reggae music. This is probably my favorite CD ever. If you want to start your collection with ONE purchase, THIS is the one to get. I can't say that enough. Just look at the  other reviewers. If you are thinking of buying a new reggae CD and don't  have this one, START HERE. What else can I say. Once you hear, you will  know. This IS reggae music!
B000002UAX|5.0|Probably the most eclectic, bizarre, and ego-driven album ever recorded by the Beatles.  There are probably more great songs on this record than on any Beatles album.  On the other hand, there are probably more filler  material songs than on any other record as well.  Yet even a prudent  listener knows that filler Beatle songs are the equal of most other groups  best material.  In short, the White Album is a musical journey beginning in  India where most of the songs were written and traveling throughout much of  the musical world.  The album contains elements of country, folk,  classical, jazz, raggae, the surreal, and of course rock.  And boy do they  ever rock on the White Album.  Songs like Back in the USSR, Happiness is a  Warm Gun, While my Guitar Gently Weeps, Birthday, and Helter Skelter, make  it hard to believe that this is the same group who recorded Yesterday,  Michelle, and other love songs.  In many ways, the album is very  individualistic as most of the songs were self written by John, Paul, and  George with little help from the others.  Of the three, it is Lennon's  songs which are consistently the best.  Numbers such as Dear Prudence,  Julia, and Good Night show Lennon's soft side while songs like Happiness is  a Warm Gun, Glass Onion, and Revoultion 9 show his bizarre side.  It is  McCartney's songs which are the most individually oriented.  In fact,  Blackbird, Why Don't We Do it in the Road, and Mother Nature's Son were  recorded solo.  In spite of the internal bickering which started during  this album, it is one of the Beatles best, even the surpassing the  achievements of Sgt. Pepper.  Though producer George Martin initially  wanted to release a single album, the double album format works, for even  the so-called filler material has a purpose.
B000002L75|5.0|Knowing what you know now,if you followed DM choronologically you would think that after hearing &quot;Reconstruction Time Again&quot; something needed to happen to go from the chessy songs such as &quot;Pipeline&quot;  and &quot;Work Hard&quot; to the songs that would eventually lead up to  their early 90's sound.  &quot;Some Great Reward&quot; is the album that  marked the turnpoint.  Every song on this CD can't be denied.  It's that  good.  The beats on this cd are great.....great choruses....great  keyboards....great melody.  You will wanna sing along to every song.  I  still enjoy it as much as I did when I first got it.  This Cd ranks above  the others for me with Violator coming in second.
B000002UB3|5.0|By the time the Beatles got around to recording Abbey Road, they were a group in name only.  One look at their bearded faces shows they were not the same loveable lads who had conquered the world just 5 years earlier.   Yet the music continued to improve, perhaps the greatest aspect about their  enduring legacy.  While the rest of the rock world was getting stoned at  Woodstock, the Beatles were putting the finishing touches on ABBEY ROAD,  their final album.  And what a fitting farewell.  Virtually every song is a  treasure, from the beautiful acoustics of George's Here Comes the Sun to  the swampy smokey sound of John's Come Together.  Even Ringo gets into the  songwriting gig with the charming Octupuses Garden while Paul reprises  memories of Long Tall Sally with the throat-wrenching number Oh Darhling.   And of course there's Something, a song deemed the greatest love song of  the last 50 years according to the Chairman of the Board himself.  And  that's only half.  The second half of the album consists of a suite of  unfinished songs molded into an unforgettable medley culminating with the  appropriately titled song, The End in which all four members of the group  are given the spotlight.  Finally, just when you think its all over, we are  startled to find the unfinished McCartney fragment, Her Majesty, an  unnecessary song put on the album mistakenly during its mixing process.   Perhaps the most endearing thing about ABBEY ROAD, however, is John's song  Because, in which John, Paul, and George sing harmonies in a manner every  bit as good as the Beach Boys and Crosby, Stills, and Nash.  In many ways,  ABBEY ROAD is not only the Beatles greatest album but quite possibly the  most enjoyable listening experience ever created by rock musicians.  A  fitting farewell for the greatest band in rock history.
0440219078|2.0|My 7th grade class is currently reading the giver by Lois Lowry.  The setting is in a futuristic perfect community. As a child, the members of the community are observed by a comity and their jobs are selected for  them.  The main character in this book, Jonas, is selected to be the  receiver of memory.  Jonas no longer has to follow the rules of the  community.  He has the most important job in the entire community.  He goes  through strenuous training to absorb the information that his tutor, the  giver, is passing to him.  He is a very important person to have in the  community because if something bad was about to happen he could warn them  of what happened before.  <br /> The wording in the book is very difficult  to understand.  It takes a lot of thinking to understand the concepts in  this book.  This book is supposed to portray a perfect world but I think  that the community is far from perfect.  Everything in the community is  based on sameness.  This means that there are no advances and no  differences among people.  I think a world like that would be very boring  because you would wake up every day and know what was going to happen.   There is very little change in the daily schedule. A major reason why I  think this wasn't a very good book is because the author's idea of a  perfect world isn't mine. <br /> I gave this book two out of five star for  three simple reasons.  First of all I didn't agree with her idea of a  perfect world.  Jonas's world is far from anything that I would consider  perfect.  Secondly, I didn't think this book was very interesting.  I had  trouble reading more than two chapters at a time because the concepts of  the book bored me.  And lastly, I disliked the ending.  I can't tell you  about it but if you read this book after my review you will probably agree  with my opinion of the ending.  I would recommend this book only to those  who like slow reading books.
158234082X|5.0|Oh, you are really going to enjoy this book...while you're reading it, that is.  Then afterwards you'll be torn between the memories of the hilarious antics Bourdain describes in his book...and memories of the  disgusting things that go on every day in restaurant kitchens.  Believe it  or not, it IS worth reading!  (And take it from a former restaurant  manager, it is, unfortuately, true - the after-hours shenanigans,  especially!)<br />Bourdain has put together a truly gonzo collection of  restaurant tales that aren't all depraved...but, like his restaurateur/chef  subjects, most of them are!  Kudos to him for a book that is this honest  while being this hysterical.  If you have the, um, stomach for it, this is  a book you'll remember fondly.  Well worth digesting!
B00004LN16|1.0|I listened to this album for about 2 minutes and couldn't take anymore.All of the members in Ac/Dc is over forty years-old.Back In Black was bettter.All the songs on this album sound the same,start the same,and end  the same.AC/DC IZ DEAD.Hell,Even Notorious BIG's Album is better and half  the songs aren't completed.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I think anyone who pays any attention to music at all, realizes this album is arguably one of the best ever made.  It's an incredible CD and Radiohead have clearly cemented themselves into the books of musical history.  While  completely taken aback by their success, Radiohead have a musical gift that  make other bands green with envy.  While their earlier releases gave them  some success, OK Computer was the real turning point.  Their first effort,  Pablo Honey, created a buzz.  With &quot;Creep,&quot; people thought of  them as one hit wonders.  With The Bends, people begin to really look to  the band as a great influence, with a great deal of musical talent.   Finally, when &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; hit airways, the buzz and  excitement propelled the band to an all new level.  Songs like &quot;Karma  Police,&quot; &quot;Exit Song (For a Film),&quot; and &quot;No  Surprises,&quot; along with every other song on the album, turned Radiohead  into one of the most influential bands to date.  Thom Yorke sings about the  dehumanization of society by our computer-dominated lives.  Relevant,  haunting, exilerating, exasperating... OK Computer will change your  perceptions of music, and may even get you thinking a little about life,  itself.
0679745203|5.0|What A Book!<br />This was one of the best books I have ever read. I read it as a school project. At first it takes a little while to get into but soon it starts to pick up. I suggest reading it nice and slow so that you don't  get confused.(TRUST ME!) The slower you read it the better it is, also. For  me, the last two pages made the book. They made up for the confusion and  frustration in the end. I have also read &quot;In the Skin of a Lion&quot;  by Ondaatje and it is also an excellent book.
B000002I2I|5.0|I might be on my own on this, but I think that Robbie Krieger is the unequivocal star of this album. From the opening blues rocker &quot;Road House Blues&quot; to the closing &quot;Maggie M'Gill&quot; Robbie's guitar  dominates almost every song. This isn't a bad thing at all, but allows a  truly great guitarist to step into the lime-light that has been mostly  occupied by Jim Morrison and Ray Manzarek on The Doors previous albums.  This isn't to say that I don't like their previous albums, but his album is  a much needed breath of fresh air from the sonic overindulgence of  &quot;The Soft Parade.&quot; &quot;Peace Frog&quot; and &quot;Ship of  Fools&quot; are two of the best Doors songs EVER in my opinion. There are a  few weak links on this album, notably &quot;Blue Monday&quot; and &quot;The  Spy.&quot; While these aren't bad songs, their dull and slow pace makes  them seem tame when compared with such rocking songs as &quot;Land  Ho!&quot; All in all if you have to get a Doors album, buy their first one,  then buy this one because even though it is very different from all of  their other albums (in fact only their first three albums are very similar  sounding) it is well worth the purchase.
0375707972|2.0|What makes Schlink's deserving of my low rating is not any particular stylistic aspecture of the piece, but rather that which does not appear.  Schlink takes in hand two subjects possessing of great deterministic and  moral power...the issues of illiteracy and ethnocide (by no means am I  endeavouring to say that the two stand upon equal footing).  He does not,  however, lead us to any marvelous realisations regarding these themes.   Instead we are left high and dry; he supposes we shall be sated by his  little homily that Michael (the protagonist of the piece) finds himself now  unable to distinguish the boundaries of his innonence and Hanna's guilt  (the implication obviously being that there perhaps are none).  While this  is a well and valid conclusion, I didn't need to read this piece to have  that thought handed to me...Goldhagen's &quot;Hitler's Willing  Executioners&quot; and &quot;The German Army and Genocide&quot; already do  a more valid job.  It may be I simply found myself so disenchanted by this  book because I fail to conceive of these issues as proper issues for  treatment in the framework of a novel.<BR><BR>Upon the converse, this book  was...memorable.  If nothing else, it was certainly memorable...powerful,  disturbing, and effecting as well.  I find it by no means to be great  literature, nor to attempt to deal with a subject that really has any  actual place being dealt with in a novel...but &quot;The Reader&quot; does  leave the reader with dominant, powerful impressions; the most enduring of  which is the idea that guilt must be doled out upon the basis of admissions  at the trial...not upon reality.
0792151712|5.0|This movie is absolutely fabulous (although I saw it on MoreMax). The scenery was shockingly realistic, the roles were acted to perfection, and the romance between the fictional Jack and Rose seemed like a real tragic  love story aboard the &quot;Titanic.&quot; Worth paying the thirty dollars  to get the VCR version. Rated PG-13 for nudity, strong language, and  disaster-related violence.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers are definitely a band with a past fit for a made-for-tv movie.  They've had their ups and downs, personally and musically.  Now, with Californication, they are at the peak of both.  An  album about past problems, obstacles that have been overcome, and the  realization of the talent they are, Californication is what I believe to be  their very best.  &quot;Californication&quot; is arguably the best Chili  Peppers song ever recorded.  The album is a rock and roll roller coaster,  flawlessly sliding between fast rocket rides (Around the World, Otherside,  Get On Top, &amp; I Like Dirt) to the slower sounds such as Scar Tissue,  Californication, &amp; Road Trippin', just to name a few.  At their  creative peak, one can only hope that the Chili Peppers keep it going...
6305750750|1.0|What a letdown. I'm a diehard Star Wars fan, and I can't tell you how mediocre this film is. My heart started pounding with excitement when the opening music blared and the Star Wars logo appeared on the screen. It was  all downhill from there. The much-hyped pod racer scene is dull and free of  suspense- how many laps are left? Who's ahead? You can never tell, so after  a while- who cares?  Can't hold a candle to the speeder bike chase in  Return of the Jedi- or any scene in the original trilogy for that matter.  Liam Neeson's and Ewan McGregor's talents are totally wasted. Natalie  Portman's performance is wooden, and what's with that accent?  The computer  generated effects are distracting and cartoonish. The finale is laughable.  What a bummer. I think I'll skip Episode II. :(
B000001GPX|5.0|As a classical music lover who have no formal musical training, I often  have this puzzle in mind: what constitutes a great performance/  interpretation?  I do not have a satisfactory answer myself.  But for  symphonic music, I would usually ask myself, after listening to a  performance, whether (i) I concentrated throughout; and (ii) the different  movements convincingly form coherent parts of a single musical  piece.<br />Listening to Carlos Kleiber's Beethoven 5 &amp; 7 (and Brahms 4 as  well), I strongly feel a momemtum in the music which is not forced, but  with an internal logic.  That logic enhances, not obscures, the beauty of  the works.<br />Having listened to other performances of these works, I am  convinced that this CD is great, not just because of the greatness of the  works, but also (even more so) the greatness of the interpretation.
B000002WUD|5.0|This box set is one incredible surprise after another. Elvis, during the 70s, had one of the most incredible bands ever assembled, and the musicianship on this collection is spectacular. The sound is simply  explosive, especially on little-known gems like Heart of Rome and We Can  Make the Morning. The collection is divided into 3 sections: 1) all of his  singles, 2) a mesmerizing live show compilation, and 3) album highlights.  It also has some cool outtakes, such as a crazy impromptu jam on Lady  Madonna. You cannot do better than this box set. Elvis was truly the  greatest rock star ever, and this is a testament to his passion and talent.
B000002KHH|5.0|OK, I know this is a classic CD and it is incredible. Let's just skip past &quot;Iron Man&quot;, &quot;Fairies Wear Boots&quot;, &quot;Paranoid&quot; and &quot;War Pigs&quot; and get to the other tracks. The previous four are  world reknowned and are heavy metal classics that everyone knows. The thing  that makes this album incredible are the other tracks. &quot;Planet  Caravan&quot; features awesome guitar in a jazz style with great percussion  to create an ethereal mood. &quot;Hand of Doom&quot; should be enough to  scare anyone from ever trying drugs. The lyrics are some of the most  powerful that Sabbath ever did. The riff for the song is amazing also.  &quot;Electric Funeral&quot; is just a masterpiece of sludge that assails  the senses and then goes into a little bluesy part in the middle. The band  was perfect on this album, they were as tight as ever and the songs are all  classics. This was a opus worthy of Sabbath and if I could give it 6 stars  I would.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I saw this movie at the theatres, I was absolutely riveted, and was shocked when I read the slams it got from the critics.  This is one of the best films of last year, and it was hardly recognized.  <br />Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter are amazing in their roles.  They make  the characters come to life.  For me, this movie was a big slap in the  face.  How many of us are living lives like Jack/The Narrator, looking for  fulfillment in our lives?  I think that is the main reason why so many  people disliked this movie--because it was real!  Aren't we all looking for  the dining set that defines us as a person?  This movie is absolutely  hilarious, and the dialogue is wonderful (most of it coming from the book,  which I also recommend highly).  <br />This movie shows what our society has  become, and what we, as people, are becoming.  To me, this was a much  better depiction of the 'main character who realizes that his life isn't  what he expected it to be and is looking for fulfillment' than American  Beauty was.  (It's the same theme!  So why did so many people love Amerian  Beauty so much?)  I didn't think that this film was particularly violent,  although the fight scenes are completely realistic.<br />Buy this movie...
B000001DQI|5.0|This is the album that catapulted Elton John into the &quot;rock n roll superstar&quot; league. A devastatingly good demonstration of the man's prowess not only as a singer-songwriter but also as a superb piano-player,  and his band as great musicians. The album is a seemingly unconnected  collection of songs which blend together to create an overall experience  which will leave you (at times) breathless.<br />Celebratory and sombre,  ethereal and frenetic, this album truly shows-off the scope of Elton's  prodigious talents, oscillating from heart-breaking soleful melancholy to  outrageously aggressive rock. The opening salvo &quot;Funeral for a  friend/Love Lies Bleeding&quot; is possibly the greatest thing he ever  wrote with a 6 minute instrumental followed by a 5 minute rocker, and now  forms a mainstay of his live shows. The album was written in two days, and  recorded in 5; the urgency, rawness and and hunger for success show through  brilliantly. <br />Creatively, he never bettered this record (though  &quot;Madman Across The Water&quot; &amp; &quot;Tumbleweed Connection&quot;  come close) and the greatness so evident here is unfortunately often hidden  on his later records. <br />This is the album which started Elton not only on  the road to near-destruction, but also on the road to being one of the  greatest artists of all time. Before this album was released, Elton was a  minor singer/songwriter starving for success: afterwards, he was an  international icon, filling stadia the world over.  This is Elton John as  it should be: early, raw and hungry.<br />Don't be deceived by the fame of the  singles - this is one FANTASTIC album, and well inside my top-ten albums of  all time. Make it yours.
B000002UVZ|5.0|This is their loudest and most &quot;hard rock&quot; of their early alternative/college rock era, sort of the 80s flip side of Monster (although MUCH better than Monster). Peter Buck, usually jangly and mellow,  cranks up the distortion and just plays the hell out of his guitar. Michael  Stipe's voice, which can sometimes be very nasal and thin, is robust and  deep--I think this album has his best vocal performances. The songs are  perfect in their 3-chord simplicity, and in adition to the loud songs, has  perhaps the two most moving slow songs of their career: Fall on Me and the  Flowers of Guatamala. This album represents a crucial moment for the band:  they had a well deserved niche college following, but were still untainted  by the  pressures and ills of megastardom. Like all early REM, the album  sounds as fresh as the day it was released. It just sounds wonderful and  makes you glad to be alive.
0441172717|5.0|I know some people who hate the movie and will not touch this book. I know a few who own and love the movie but have never read the book. I have lent DUNE to friends who could get no further than page 20 because it was too  \\"out there\\" or too difficult, with its array of characters and glossary of  made-up terms. But of all the people who have gotten past page 20- I don't  know one who doesn't praise it among their absolute favorites.  I am no  exception.<br />I love sci-fi but don't read much of it because I prefer  fantasy. DUNE feels like a perfect blend of the two. A war of noble houses  set in space. Paul Atreides is heir to the duchy- and to say that he is  well trained for the job would be an understatement. His father, Duke Leto,  is given charge of Arrakis- a hellish desert-world and the sole source of  \\"the spice\\" which the entire universe needs.  A very prestigious  assignment, but treachery and peril comes with it. Paul finds himself  thrown into the mystery of Dune and its fierce natives, the Fremen. Is he  the savior their prophecy speaks of?<br />I was first blown away by DUNE at  the age of 16, and have since considered it \\"the one to beat\\". In 8 years,  very few books have made me question that judgment: Game of Thrones,  Foundation, Lord of the Rings, Ender's Game. I had to reread it to be sure  I wasn't just nave at the time. Was it really THAT great? Absolutely.
6302968119|4.0|Another great movie from 'screenwriter' Quentin Tarantino.  I didn't see this movie at the theatres, because I thought that it was going to be another corny, bad love story, but wow, was I ever wrong!<br />This is a fast  paced story with an excellent cast, and I even liked Patricia Arquette even  though I am not her biggest fan.  She has a phenomenal scene near the end  where she gets beat up, and like other scenes written by QT, it is  amazingly real (and of course, violent).  This movie also has one of the  scariest scenes that I have ever seen in a movie, when Gary Oldman and  Christian Slater face off.  Maybe it's the music playing in the background,  or maybe it's the dialogue, but either way, I was on the edge of my seat.   <br />This is a standard Tarantino script, with excellent dialogue and  characters, but I wonder what it would have been like if he would have  directed?
0451169514|5.0|This it has been a very enjoyable book. <br />The characters are really well developed, not only in their personal aspect, but also in their interrelation. <br />The outcome did not bother me, I consider that it is  even, secondary in history, but in no way it disappointed to me. <br />Do not  let amount of pages scares you, because if you read IT, at the end you will  see that IT was a time investment.
B00002ND77|5.0|Not my favorite Spike Lee movie, but near the top of his game...this is a must see move.  It's history baby!
B000001FCB|5.0|A lot of people call this music &quot;easy listening&quot; but if one pays attention to the subtleties, they'll notise it's really not.  It's very sophisticated, fascinating music that grows better with age, like a fine  wine.  Case in point: &quot;Elis &amp; Tom&quot;  <br />This album was not  released in the U.S. (even though it was recorded in Los Angeles) until  1989. What a travesty.  For those who loved &quot;Wave,&quot; this one is  for you.  Elis Regina's voice fits Jobim's music like a glove: laid back,  occasionally light-humoured, and sometimes sad.  The accompaniment is  equally amazing.  Stark guitar smoothed landscapes without a trace of high  hat are occasionally and lightly (and I mean LIGHTLY; nothing like Claus  Ogerman's occasionally schmaltzy orchestra on &quot;Wave&quot;) accented by  an orchestra.  Jobim's piano playing takes on a more accenting role: it  makes points, rather than epounding on them.  And then there is Elis.  She  could be the Brasilian Ella Fitzgerald.  She laughs and growls in  &quot;Aguas de Marco&quot;, but overall she isn't as heavy, and is more  subtle than Ella.  <br />I love Jobim's music as instrumentals, and think that  vocalisation often renders it musak-y or schmaltzy, but not in this case.   Nothing could be further than the point.
B00003CWL6|4.0|I think I'm one of the few people who thinks that this movie wasn't deserving of all of the hype that it got.  There were countless better movies released last year (Fight Club, Dogma, Being John Malkovich,  Magnolia, to name a few).  Was it a good movie?  Yes, absolutely.  Was it  the best movie ever and deserving of the Oscar?  No way.  It's the same  dried up story line--yes, the actors were brilliant, the screenplay was  great, and the movie was very funny in parts, but it wasn't anything that  we've never seen before.  Kevin Spacey's obsession with his daughter's  friend was much more disturbing to me than than the violence in Fight Club.   When I went to see this movie, I fully expected to love it, but instead I  just thought it was sort of okay.  I felt like they were trying to cram  every single issue on the face of the earth into two and a half  hours--adultery, unhappy marriage, drug use, teenage sex, job unhappiness,  etc.  It felt like too much to me, and ended up feeling forced.  I gave  this movie four stars, because I did think that it was good, but I didn't  think that it was great, and certainly not worthy of all of the attention  that it got.
B00003CX6P|5.0|From the beginning of this tale, we are made aware of how seemingly innocuous acts can lead to horrific outcomes. In Mr. Ripley's case, one small decision led to another, and then another, and now he's done some  very bad things...and there is no end in sight.  Viewing this movie, I was  reminded of Moll Flanders who consistenly turns to the reader and says,  &quot;And Dear Reader, what would you do? &quot;<br />Maybe you wouldn't have  used another's jacket or told that first lie. Or maybe you would have. Or,  maybe you wouldn't have accepted the job from Dickie's father or, maybe you  would have. Or, maybe you wouldn't have told Dickie how you felt and seen  him grow cold, or, maybe you would have.<br />This alluring movie leads one to  care what happens to Mr. Ripley. His boyish charm and Dickie's perverse  ways make the viewer want Ripley to &quot;win&quot; their struggle. Soon,  you are caught up in his problems.  You want him to escape his tormentor,  the police, his past.<br />The movie is visually stunning. The only reason I  can suppose Hollywood gave it little notice at the Oscars this year (it  should have done as well as 'The English Patient') is because the film hits  too close to home. Sadly, most people do what is expedient and addresses  their immediate interests.  Ripley is the Everyman for our Age.
B00002ND77|5.0|Not my favorite Spike Lee movie, but near the top of his game...this is a must see move.  It's history baby!
6305810109|2.0|I am a big movie fan, especially of independent and foreign films. I almost always enjoy films that are NOT big budget Hollywood releases. In fact, I have never written a negative film review for an independent film before.<br />However, I thought this film was very slow, and to be blunt, quite boring. It's one of those movies where you wonder when it's going to pick up.  But I feel it never does.<br />It does have a nice story line. And I think my Grandma would enjoy it, because it's nice and simple, and not too fast.  I didn't find anything original in it, though. And there were no unexpected twists or turns in the story.<br />As an odd sidenote:  An odd thing I noticed is the prominent presence of cigarette smoking, which seemed out of place in many scenes. I bet (a) cigarette firm(s) paid for product placement.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I'm not much of a fan of musical sequences, but when the characters in Magnolia broke out into song I have to admit that I was moved.  Only P.T. Anderson could handle a scene such as that and make it not be corny.  The  story itself drags a little bit at times, but the Aimee Mann tunes cover up  for that.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see that Tom Cruise can  actually act (who knew?), and his scenes are some of the most hilarious  that I have ever seen.  William H. Macy plays a loser to the fullest  extent, as he did in Boogie Nights, and I found myself feeling extremely  sorry for his character.  I think that the thing I like best about P.T.  Anderson's movies is the fact that his characters seem like real people to  me, not the glossed over characters that appear in most movies.  A lot  happens in this movie, and it's sometimes hard to know what to focus on,  but I loved the intertwining story lines and trying to guess how the  characters were going to be related.
B000003EUL|5.0|When I first heard this disc, I just couldn't believe it contained a fellow mortal's performance. I concluded that the pianist Sviatoslav Richter was some Olympian Deity, at least when he gave this performance of Appassionata in 1960.       Of course the Brahms Second Concerto is  excellent, but the Beethoven Appassionata is simply incredible, especially in the finale's coda. There have been many idiosyncratic interpreters of this monumental work, but nobody else has ever played it with such merciless conviction -- I almost smell the smoke in the keyboard.
0441172717|5.0|This masterpiece deserves in every single aspect the award won as the best science fiction novel of the Century, beating Lord of the Rings itself. Long live the house of Atreids
0380730367|4.0|I may be going against the prevailing opinion here, but I found Prayers for Rain a bit of a letdown after Gone, Baby, Gone.  Make no mistake, Lehane is a fantastic writer, and he really distinguishes himself in his  intricate plotting.  To me, most writers in this genre break down into two  major categories:  action/suspense and mystery. Lehane is clearly in the  former category, but his novels have amazingly twisted plots.  I love  Robert B. Parker's Spenser, but he's clearly for relaxation, whereas Lehane  combines edge-of-the-seat action with truly intense mystery. Having said  all this, I don't think this book is quite up to the standard of the last  few.  For one thing, Lehane strikes me as trying to push a little too hard  to get Patrick Kenzie personally motivated and involved. I can see Lehane  getting into a &quot;can you top this&quot; mode wherein each successive  book needs to have greater threats to Patrick and those he cares about.   It's not necessary to put the characters in these situations just to get an  emotional response. Also, given the profound rupture in Patrick and Angie's  relationship at the end of Gone, Baby, Gone, their inevitable  re-involvement in Prayers for Rain seemed to come about way too easily. I  think this might be the classic couple where they're more interesting apart  than together. Anyway, I enjoyed reading the book thoroughly, with a few  reservations. I hope Lehane tries a change of pace novel like Sacred, the  third book in the series, next. For those of you who haven't read it, I  highly recommend that one.
0783242808|3.0|Am I the only person on the planet who didn't find this movie that funny?  Sure, it had its moments, but I've definitely seen funnier movies.  This movie gave me a few little smiles, but I certainly wasn't laughing out  loud.       For me, the problem lied with the fact that the four main  characters were all in high school and placing bets on when they were going  to lose their virginity.  Now, I know that goes on in high school, but for  some reason, it just didn't sit right with me in this particular movie.   None of the characters were very developed, but maybe they weren't supposed  to be.  I'm tired of the bodily fluid jokes that we've seen a hundred times  before.  The only really funny characters was the Bandcamp girl and Eddie  Kaye Thomas.  As for the exchange student scene--please, I don't know  anyone who looks like that in HIGH SCHOOL.  Give me a break.  Anyway, if  you want brainless humor, buy this one.  If you want a real laugh, buy  something from Kevin Smith.
B000003NA4|5.0|I have to admit I was suspicious of the hype surrounding Diana Krall's \\"Love Scenes.\\" Just about everybody loves her. Almost overnight, Diana Krall became synonymous with \\"jazz singer,\\" just as Frank  McCourt became synonymous with \\"Irish writer\\" after the  publication of \\"Angela's Ashes.\\" I suspect this caused a backlash  among some jazz fans who (partly because of the nature of jazz, constantly  rebuilding upon itself) are especially conversant in jazz lineage and eager to compare styles.<br /><br />Well, just as Frank McCourt is not the last word in  Irish literature, Diana Krall is decidedly not Billie Holiday (a ridiculous comparison) or Sarah Vaughan.  In fact, not knowing too many other jazz vocalists might even enhance your appreciation of \\"Love Scenes.\\"  You have to appreciate her on her own terms; fortunately, this is easy to do.<br /><br />So why is she getting the attention? For starters, her subtle  intonations and phrasing make ordinary words sound onomatopoetic:  Listen to \\"Garden in the Rain,\\" and you'll hear the crisp fresh sound of springtime.  Her vocal dynamics are superb, knowing when to pull  back and when to let her voice soar. And her acheingly beautiful \\"I  Don't Stand A Ghost of a Chance with You\\" is the best version I've  heard since Clifford Brown's instrumental masterpiece.<br /><br />\\"Peel Me a Grape\\" is fun and sexy, but you'd have to be a bad singer to ruin Dave  Frishberg's (1962) clever list of double entendres!  (\\"New Thunderbird me, you heard me.\\") Still, Ms. Krall delivers the goods, and teasingly drops a couple of words as she stretches the phrase \\"Peel Me....\\"<br /><br />Her remarkable swinging but subtle piano can be overlooked: Just listen to the confidently daring solos on \\"They Can't Take That Away from Me\\" and \\"How Deep is the  Ocean (How High is the Sky)\\" and you'll appreciate her artistry.  The  arrangements, as well as the comping on guitar (Russell Malone) and bass (Christian McBride) are consistently strong.<br /><br />She's not as complex or as blues-inflected as other vocalists, but she IS a superb jazz singer.  Like  the best jazz musicians, she adds new colors and shadings to standards, and  swings both vocally and instrumentally.  She is less the jazz vocalist on her recent \\"When I Look Into Your Eyes,\\" which is overproduced, apparently  overdubbed, and veers way too close to a bland pop style.  Let's hope that  future efforts are closer to \\"Love Scenes,\\" a deservedly much praised album.s-inflected as other vocalists, but she IS a superb jazz singer.  Like  the best jazz musicians, she adds new colors and shadings to standards, and  swings both vocally and instrumentally.   She is less the jazz vocalist on her recent \\"When I Look Into Your Eyes,\\" which is overproduced, apparently  overdubbed, and veers way too close to a bland pop style.  Let's hope that  future efforts are closer to \\"Love Scenes,\\" a deservedly much praised album.
B000002UB3|5.0|Last but not least... et oui! Abbey road est le dernier album enregistr par les Beatles et c'est sans doute leur meilleur (enfin je le crois), le plus abouti, le mieux produit et aussi trs inspir ! Lorsque l'on voque  la fin des Beatles on fait souvent rfrence  l'album Let it Be. A tort,  car Let it be fut enregistr (en janvier 1969) prs de six mois avant Abbey  Road.   raison car les Beatles s'y entredchirent et seront incapables  d'achever l'enregistrement de cet album (Phil spector sera appel  la  rescousse prs d'un an plus tard pour en terminer la production.. mais  c'est une autre histoire). Abbey road, sous l'impulsion de Paul Mc Cartney,  se veux une raction au gachi de Let it Be. Let it Be se voulait un retour  aux sources..en enregistrement dans les conditions live... Abbey road au  contraire est divinement produit (George Martin qui fut cart lors de  l'enregistrement de Let it Be est de retour... ). Les morceaux de la  seconde face (avec le CD, cette precision perd un peu son sens),  s'enchainent par des transitions subtiles, sans pauses. Mc Cartney est au  sommet de sa forme (ecoutez donc l'enchainement golden slumber/carry that  weight/the end ) son jeu de basse, les choeurs (les coeurs aussi..) sont  apaiss, apaisant. George Harrison compose deux de ces meilleurs morceaux :  le lumineux Here comes the sun et le delicieux Something. La 1re face de  l'album se voulait plus rock, Lennon s'y impose avec I want you (sauvage et  suave) et come together ( l'intro mille fois reconnaissable). et  n'oublions pas le gentil Ringo qui compose et chante une gentille chanson  octopus's garden (un joli jardin d'enfant). L'album s'achve avec le  morceau &quot;the end&quot; ... et oui.. il faut bien en finir... enfin  presque, car aprs une pause de quelques secondes.. Mc Cartney reviens pour  quelques instants  avec her majesty.. un dernier pied de nez.<br />Si vous  voulez mon avis, il faut l'avoir dans sa discothque ce disque l.
0375411550|1.0|Personally, I don't understand why certain people feel the need to turn a less that mediocre book into what they would like to pass off to the rest of us as a great work of literature. Thank you Toni Morrison for your  afterword. I would not recommend this book, but if you feel you must read  it, I would urge one to save your money and borrow it from the library.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Kevin Smith has done it again with Dogma.  This is one of the best movies of 1999, yet it hardly got recognized.  No one can beat Smith's penchant for writing amazing, bantering dialogue.  The characters created here are  phenomenal--Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are great as two angels kicked out  of heaven, Jason Lee, Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, and of course, Jason  Mewes and Kevin Smith as Jay and Silent Bob.  I loved seeing them in a  bigger role than in any of his previous movies.  This isn't a film bashing  Catholicism, and I can't believe that anyone was offended by this.  Make  sure you read the disclaimer at the beginning, because it is absolutely  hilarious.
B00003ETJQ|3.0|Unbelievable movie, unbelievably poor encoding. It's like they recorded it off a dodgy reel... stratches, dust, desaturated colours. Ill, ill, ill, shame, shame, shame, ill.
6305426651|5.0|My Dad had been constantly nagging my sister and I to see this movie, so we rented it and I'm eternally grateful to him for nagging the way he did. <br />Everything about this movie, the humour, the tragedy, the excellently  captivated sense of passion is overwhelming. As a Jew, I thought Benigni's  use of humour in such a subject as the Holocaust was tactful and sensitive.  What touched me most, however, is Guido's passion for life itself. Even on  the brink of war, he exudes feelings of sheer joy which display so strongly  his talent for optimism under the bleakest of circumstances. The subtitles  didn't bother me one bit, so PLEASE don't let them put you off- this film  is truly magical. It certainly restored my faith in love. It's a treasure.
B0000029LG|5.0|hi...  with all my respects to all of u... who ever is reading this.. .. michael jackson is a great artist.. and the ONLY or maybe i should say the most of all the other artist in his generation who knew exactly how to  transfer his thoughts and dreams to the world..   and to u michael... u are  the greatest man i ever and will ever know.. <br />my thanx..
B00003CXDV|5.0|OK, so, in DVD someone had WAY too much time on their hands to actually  put a secondary sound track in Thermian, but hey, that's what's parodies  are all about, right? Galaxy Quest was outstanding. A funny, Twisted look  at what over-blown sci-fi actors might do when placed in the clutches of an  evil space lobster-head.
B000023X9W|5.0|I liked this CD from note one. No filler songs in this recording and it shows in a big way that Neil is proud of this one and that he is really into these tunes. Neil's on a roll again!
B00000J7JO|5.0|I'm not a fan of rhcp to begin with, I always liked some of their songs, especially &quot;under the bridge&quot; &quot;soul to squeeze&quot; and others that I can't remember the names of.  Basically this CD is a perfect  rhcp album in my opinion, its like they finally realized that Anthony has  an awesome voice when he does ballad type songs, I love the whole CD, there  is one song that I can't stand because its a lot like the normal rhcp type  stuff but its a small part of an awesome disc, this is a disc you'll want  to listen to at full volume everywhere you go, whether you can hear  afterwards or not won't matter, the music will ring in your head forever  and put a smile on your face, buy it and you'll sleep much better tonight.
B000002U82|5.0|All right, this album is a studio masterpiece. I don't really like it, but I respect it because it is so carefully done and respects the craft of studio artistry so much. (Another hit out of Abbey Road studios!) This  album certainly takes its time, which is fine if you are in a mellow mood.  I think it kind of bogs down after a while, and I find myself wishing they  would get to the point. However, its use of recurring musical themes, its  headphone-friendly polish, and its willingness to make experimentation  accessible do mark it as a classic, and I won't say you nay if you adore  it.
0767849493|1.0|One star for just having George Carlin in it - though he was wasted - a shame, given that Carlin's own rantings against organized religion far surpass the fare contained in this film. Dogma is sophomoric, puerile  fodder. Not truly insightful. Superficially blasphemous. If you want  outrageous, intelligent theological satire, read &quot;Only Begotten  Daughter&quot; by James Morrow - a book that will NEVER be made into a  film. Having seen all of Kevin Smith's films, I'd say his storytelling  abilities are best displayed in his recent &quot;Daredevil&quot; comic book  run - though even there, he floundered in the final act. Chris Rock wasn't  bad, but could've done so much more with better material. Finally, any  &quot;insights&quot; proffered in this film (There is No One True Religion;  Jesus Was Black) are nothing new to anyone above a certain age/literacy  level. I'd like to recommend it as mindless fun, but can't since the  pretentiousness of Smith mitigates that.
6305508550|5.0|If you're a geek, a nerd, an office hack, or any of the other down-trodden cubicle zombies that get used as interchangeable cogs in the machine, then you'll either laugh uproariously at this, or wince at how close to the  truth it is.  My kids rented this movie, and they kept asking me if I  really knew anyone like that.  I had to admit that almost EVERYONE I worked  with were characters in the movie.   I watched it three times before we had  to return it.  My kids and I now use lines from the movie! Definitely worth  watching.  Or owning!
B0000057C5|5.0|this band will set your head on fire and make you feel like its the most wonderful thing to ever happen to you in your entire life.  The incredibly dark and evil sound of this band is just too hard to ignore.  The disc itself is brutal and punishing and from the reviews I've read it sounds  like the band is even more intense in concert, I've seen pictures of the  band live and I gotta say, the lead singers suit of fire would be well  worth the admission price, and the keyboardist in the rubber raft would be  pretty exciting too.  This band is just too exciting to ignore...If you like heavy metal and have  wondered what the hell happen to it, wonder no more, go out and spend the  $15 it takes to put this in your regular rotation, you definitely will not  be disappointed by any means.
6304025831|3.0|When I rented it it came on two VHS tapes. The first half of the movie was great as the story and characters develop.  Then the second half denigrates into a bloodbath of butcher scenes.  Totally uncalled for and after over  three hours it was tiresome as well.  Not nearly as good as  &quot;Goodfellas&quot; which was shorter, moved smoothly and much less  graphically violent and bloody.
B00000J7J4|3.0|okay, so it wasn't as great as I had anticipated, maybe because all the hype made it seem like god himself made the disc, I borrowed it from a friend who said it was good.  I listened to it and of course  &quot;smooth&quot; was good, as was the first half of the disc, but after  the first half I started getting tired of hearing &quot;santana&quot; in  every song, the man is a great guitarist but I didn't need to be reminded  of his name every song, this is definitely not a CD that I would buy,  originally I wanted this disc so bad that I could barely wait, then when I  got my hands on it I couldn't listen to the whole thing before I took it  out and went looking for something else to satisfy my hunger for the  perfect CD.  This is one you could probably do without if you don't have it  already.
0140149295|5.0|Well from the other reviews your discovered the basic plot. I just want to let you know that I previously ordered this book, and I am about half way through. I do not even enjoy reading but I haven't been able to put this  book down.  What makes this book even greater is that fact that is is true.   Also while reading it, the irony of the fact that we know that rubin  carter has been set free but he doesn't even know this, as it was written  while he was in jail. This book is incredible, and if I knew how good it  would be before I read bought it I would probably pay what ever I had to.  Thanx for taking your time in reading my review I just want to express my  interest in this book
B000021XS0|5.0|All I can say is WOW!   This CD totally blew me away, the storyline seems so logical and effortless that I almost feel like I could do this kind of writing myself, they put everything together so well that I can't  find a flaw in this CD.  Queensryche had Operation: Mindcrime which in its  own right was awesome and still is but DT has outdone everyone with this  one, the story is easy to follow and incredibly fun to psycho-analyze. I  would definitely recommend this CD to anyone although it will jade the  previous CD's if you haven't heard them already.  The previous CD's are  great, but this one blows everything else away.  Incredible work.
6305014140|5.0|im not going to bore you with a long summary of the movie. but this movie has a great story line and a lot of brutal battle scenes.their awsome! jubei is one of my favorite anime characters ive seen so far . vampire  hunter d was cool but not as good as jubei. anyway if you like anime action   adventure type stuff , youll love NINJA SCROLL!
B00000AFFI|5.0|From the roaring distortion of &quot;My Beautiful Leah&quot; to the whispering of &quot;The Wind&quot; to the spare beauty of &quot;Is This Desire?&quot;, I don't think this album hits a bad patch. A serious  contender for my Album of the Year. Favourite track: &quot;A Perfect Day  Elise&quot;.
B00003000M|4.0|There are two schools of thought concerning this CD. Some are tradionalists and and prefer the original tracks as BM intenended them to be recorded. Others like the new versions of classic BM songs because they  are infused with a contemporary style. For people to argue about the  &quot;purity&quot; of these songs and feel they do a disservice to the  original recordings is unneccessary as his heirs have chosen to create  updated versions for a new generaton of listeners. I love the old stuff he  originally recorded but this CD is tight, a super remixed package of songs  with a hip hop flavor that is very cool. I've played this CD over and over,  too numerous times to mention, and the guest vocalists are excellent and I  am not even a big fan of hip hop!  The mixes include BM talking from  interviews, street sirens and such from radio broadcasts announcing an  attempt on his life and good drum programming by his children. &quot;Rebel  Music&quot; with &quot;Krazie Bone&quot; is an excelent remix complete with  echo effects and a twist on the original lyrics as KB talks  about&quot;being pulled over for what, you wanna harrass me&quot;?  &quot;Johnny Was&quot; is a great song with vocals lent by &quot;Guru&quot;  as he does a fine job while he eulogizes his dead contemporary  rappers.&quot;Jammin&quot;, one of BM's most popular songs is brought up to  date by &quot;MC Lyte&quot; who praises Allah and Bob Marley and speaks of  the inequities of the have and have nots. The message of the struggle of  the people is still here but brought into the 21st century. Some things  never change. If you are a &quot;Lauryn Hill&quot; fan there is a nice  rendition of &quot;Turn Your Lights Down Low&quot;, a sort of spiritual  romantic tune.&quot;Burnin' and Lootin'&quot; is a strong song to end the  CD with as &quot;The Roots&quot; call out to expose the hardships woldwide  and the militant stance many are forced to take. This is a very good CD  that you will enjoy if you have an open mind to something different. I  highly recommend the original recordings of BM, although many re-releases  posthumously are less than worthy of your dollars. The superb stuff is out  there for those who seek unadultered BM, the  prophet and mystic who put  Reggae on the map internationally. Get this CD and you will feel Irie!open mind to something different. I  highly recommend the original recordings of BM, although many re-releases  posthumously are less than worthy of your dollars. The superb stuff is out  there for those who seek unadultered BM, the  prophet and mystic who put  Reggae on the map internationally. Get this CD and you will feel Irie!
0451169514|5.0|I'm from Turkey and I first read the turkish edition, which was only 399 pages long (&quot;official edition&quot;).But the book scared me,it was really good.Now I'm reading the Original (1116 pages).
B00000064G|5.0|This is my second favorite album of all time (Right behind Wish You Were Here, by Pink Floyd) and I believe it is the best work he had ever done. Not one bad song in the whole album. A Masterpiece.
B00002Z88D|5.0|After I bought this CD, I couldn't wait to listen to it.  When I inserted it into my CD player, I was lost in the awesome sounds of Metallica and The Symphony.  The two talents of completely different areas of music combined  to produce probably the best music I have ever heard.  The hamonius notes  struck a chord deep within me.
B000001EHS|5.0|Def Leppard, without a doubt, was one of the biggest bands in the eighties.  With their albums &quot;Hysteria&quot; and &quot;Pyromania&quot; topping the charts, they were virtually unstoppable.  And they still  aren't.  I think this band has survived almost any tragedy that has come  their way.  But not only has the band survived (with the exception of Steve  Clark), their music has too.  All their old hits get a good amount of  airplay and this CD contains all of those.  From &quot;Brining on the  Heartbreak&quot;, to &quot;Photograph&quot;, to their all time high,  &quot;Pour Some Sugar on Me&quot; this CD has all the essential songs from  Def Leppard's catalogue.  It really serves as a wonderful CD for anyone who  grew up when these songs were popular.  With the release of  &quot;Euphoria&quot;, this band sounds like they have no intention of  calling it quits anytime soon which is a good thing because this band has a  lot more in them.
0684872153|4.0|In this book you see the miserable life in a Irish town. It touched my heart to see in that childhood. It's remarkable how Frank could survive in that misery, and also be a more or less good person after all. A hard life  in the middle of many others in that time and town. Daniela &amp; Stafanie
B000002B7W|5.0|I am usually not one for live CDs.  I think they tend to just be limited performances that usually suffer from poor production.  It is the other way around with this CD.  I find that Ozzy Osbourne really outdoes himself as  does his guitarist Randy Rhodes.  Together their songs are packed with such  energy and force that this CD just cannot be missed.  There is not a bad  note on the entire disc.  The best moments on this Cd are &quot;Suicide  Solution&quot; which features a guitar solo from Rhodes that just left me  in shock.  It was metal guitar that could not be topped.  As for the rest  of the album it is just as good.  Most of Osbourne's hits are heard and  they are performed very well.  Some even sound better on this album then  their original studio recordings.  Definately pick up this Cd, because it  goes beyond excellence.  This was Ozzy Osbourne and Randy Rhodes in their  prime and it cannot be missed.
B000002HH9|4.0|&quot;Mint Car&quot; is better at expounding on the impossibility of human happiness than anything on Pornography. What makes it effective is the  ironic melodic approach. It may take five listenings, but if you like the  Sturm und Drang Cure, you'll probably grow to like this.
6305603847|4.0|Roger Waters and Alan Parker did a great job of the making of this movie. The story of the film is about a burnt out rock star who mentally creates 'The Wall', a psycological blockage between Pink, the main character, and  the rest of the world around him.  Animated scenes are included in the  movie which show a cartoon-like version of all the pain and sadness thats  in his life. The story tells about his school life as a child, all the way  up to adulthood. But be warned.....this movie dose get very strange alot!  Trust me! So, if you watch this movie for the first time, pay 'VERY CLOSE'  attention to the movie. Other than that, it's a good movie for you Pink  Floyd fans (like me) to watch.
0441172717|5.0|The descriptiveness Herbert applies to every aspect of this novel is unbeleivable.  I picked this up as something to do between other series and found myself unable to put it away.  After having seen bits and pieces of  the movie, I figured I would give it a shot and see how much the movie  butchered the text.  Wow, was I ever surprised. It didn't deserve to be  sitting on the neglegted bookcase gathering dust the way it was.
B000006FNX|4.0|the only thing to say about this bond movie is that it is Warners only installation in the bond films all the others were done by MGM.It makes it very difficult to find this movie as Warner are not currently producing any  more copies at this time
B000020617|5.0|Maybe the one and only positive thing that came out of the Curt Kobain tragedy is that David Grohl came out from behind his drum set.  Who would have known that he had such good songwriting ability and could become a  true &quot;front man&quot; commanding lead guitar for a great band?  This  album, while not as good as the previous two in my opinion, nevertheless  delivers a variety of good songs including clear hits such as  &quot;Breakout&quot; (which has a great video on MTV) and  &quot;Generator&quot; (my favorite song).  If you are a Foo Fighters fan  than you must pick up this album.
630512065X|5.0|This is a GREAT movie that I would recommend for EVERYONE.... DREW VARLEY AND JO GIBB (Mungojerrie and Rumpelteazer) WERE NOTDUBBED.  Only Geoffrey Garrat (Skimbleshanks) and Veerle Casteleyn (Jemima) were.  The costumes are different from live productions, but if you can't afford to see it live, get the video!  The editing provides an...  interesting... viewing, to say the least.  It's a lot of fun to watch it over and over again and see the characters in the background interact.  (Oh, yeah, those two char's without credits? Admetus and Plato; same actors as Rumpus and Macavity)
B00000K19E|1.0|Having had a quick look through all the reviews for this film, it seems that there is a general consensus that it's a great film. Well, sorry to be the odd one out, but I found it immensely boring and pretentious. Yes, I  admit that the fight scenes are excellent, breathing new life into screen  combat. But what the hell is the story on about? It really wants to be a  philosophical allegory, including bits on religion and Alice In Wonderland  etc etc. It's not - it comes across some kind of weirdo's fantasy, all  blazing guns and S&amp;M leather (just like Bound, the directors' previous  film). It really has no depth to it at all, but if you want a film to just  enjoy, then  suppose you could do worse than this. You'll just have to wade  through over an hour and a half until you get to anything good...but that's  what DVD can do, so in many ways it's a great film for the format. The  extras are copious and well put together, with the White Rabbit  feature  quite fun along with a great documentary on the filming of the bullet time  technology, all wrapped up in some snazzy menus (but the commentary is  quite tedious). The Matrix thinks it's clever, and spends half the film  trying to tell you this, which is the main reason I didn't like it. That,  and it's boring. Still, it has its moments. Shame they last for a minute  each.
0393317552|5.0|In his preface to the paperback edition, Jared Diamond boldly states, &quot;This book attempts to provide a short history of everybody for the last 13,000 years.&quot;  Following this startling statement, he writes,  &quot;The question motivating the book is: Why did history unfold  differently on different continents?&quot;  Keeping these two aims in mind  is quite helpful while reading through the book, and I found that while  Diamond certainly can't answer all the questions (he doesn't even attempt  this), he does suggest many plausible explanations for why history has  unfolded like it has (such as advantages of geography, fertility,  agriculture vs. hunter-gathering societies, east-west vs. north-south  spread of technology and crops etc.)  For a different approach that  emphasizes culture and economic explanations, try reading David Landes' The  Wealth and Poverty of Nations in conjunction with this book.<br />     Among  the many things I liked about this book were the following:  it is  extensively researched (as one might expect from a UCLA physiology  professor), the style is easy to follow, it is full of photographs, tables,  and maps (I'm a big believer that &quot;a picture is worth a thousand  words&quot;), and his questions and search for answers are fair minded.   Diamond himself would not insist that this book is the  &quot;definitive&quot; explanation for our existence, but an attempt to  help put pieces of the puzzle together in a coherent fashion (including the  often ignored &quot;prehistorical&quot; period that really set the stage  for how things turned out in the &quot;historical&quot; period.)  This is a  splendid book.
3551551677|5.0|harry potter ist ein sehr gut Buch, voll von fantastike Geschichte und prachtvolle Menschen!  Es gefallt mir sehr viel, und ich kann es fur alle empfehlen!  Harry Potter macht viel spass zu lesen. man ist glucklich, wenn  er dieses Buch lesen.
630516889X|4.0|This can be seen as an allegory of the American experience in Vietnam.  Well-intentioned Americans off to do a rescue mission are betrayed by the mission's designers, who change the mission on them and wind up feeding  them into a meatgrinder, along with everybody else.  The end shows a broken  and bewildered Arnold, who at best just survives.  The music is what puts  the movie over the top; it's simply perfect for the film.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This movie is an incredible experience! I am quite a tough customer where movies are concerned, subjecting them to much scrutiny. Galaxy Quest passes all tests! It is an exhilirating experience for anyone! The entire  experience is very moving, and if you happen to be a Trekker, you HAVE to  see it! My top rating!
B00000J6AG|4.0|I am pretty much a retro-grouch, there is very little new music that I enjoy. I took a chance on this cd after hearing pocelean and natural blues on the radio. This is the best &quot;new&quot; cd I have purchased in  years. There isn't one bad track on it. Exceptionaly conceived,  musicianship and production value. I probably should give it 5 stars but I  hold that back for that one in a million release. This is a very beautiful  album.
B000002UWF|5.0|What a collection!  After being educated about Prima from a friend, I picked up the Capitol Collection. Many of the other customer reviews concentrate on how lame Brian Setzer's and David Lee Roth's covers were and  How they discovered Prima via these artists. That is a fine place to start  and discover Prima.  But, look at the other places you can find Prima.  There are movies such as the aforementioned \\"Big Night\\". I found  \\"When You're smiling\\" on the opening credits of \\"Analyze  this\\".  The music on this is great and swinging and just pumps you  full of life. The duets with Keely are an incredible study in different  vocal styles harmonizing well together. Keely's vocals are sweet and pure  and Louis' vocals are raspy and distinct.  If someone enjoys Prima, I  recommend the Documentary- \\"Louis Prima- the Wildest\\".
B00003003R|5.0|This CD is like a Guns and Roses Greatest Hits album but its 2 cds and its live so that you can experience all of the rock and roll emotion from their concerts. The first song &quot;Livin on a Nightrain&quot; starts off the  album with a right feel to it. Also on disc one is the awesome song  &quot;Welcome To The Jungle&quot; and the incredible ballad &quot;November  Rain&quot; which is 13 minutes long. On disc two is their first hit  &quot;Sweet Child O Mine&quot; and the remake of Bob Dylan's classic  &quot;Knockin On Heavens Door&quot; in which Axel asks for major crowd  participation and he recieves it. Also the very last song is &quot;Paradise  City&quot; in which the fans are showing their appreciation by yelling  their name. Its a good song to end an good album. If you like Guns and  Roses you will like this album. If you have every other Guns and Roses  album dont bother with this one because the only diffrence is that its  live.
B000006NL3|5.0|White light/white heat is an enigma. It doesn't have nothing to do with the 60' or anything that came up before. It fits perfectely with this end of millenium...violence..heavy drugs...twisted sexual energy....The Velvets  crated a masterpiece light-years ahead of that time. Most of the people  thinks that the first album is the Classic....I wouldn't say that. White  light/white heat is rape.....a shot in the forehead... on the age of  flowers and peace. I don't want to comment the songs....the main thing is  the attitude, the moods of these 6 tracks....they sound like death.
0441172717|4.0|After finished reading this book, I really started to love water, started to notice how beatiful, how powerful, how useful those little drops can be. I used to fear get in to cold water and swim, but now, I love to swim in  cold water, feel the coldness. This book is a book about a boy's legendary  history. His father was a Duck, but their enemy killed his father, and he  was been chased by that enemy. He hided in the desert with his mother,  lived with the people on the desert, and he became the leader of those  desert people who are really brave but were lack of technologies. Then, he  had a huge fight with the enemy that killed his father and won. It has  amazing plot. But something that this book lacks is the feeling of people,  I have just read Ender's game before Dune, and you just don't feel that you  are a part of the story in this book as you are in Ender's Game. I have  learned a lot from this book too--Do not fear, come down and think of a way  out, be confident of yourself, and also do not be too arrogant think your  own idea as the always true thought. This is a good book, you should read  it!
B00004STPT|5.0|this is an amazing sountrack.  Such beauty!  I am glad I bought it
031286504X|5.0|I AM LEGEND is probably one of the finest books on vampires, those undead and oft nightmarish bloodsuckers of our own creations. However, Matheson presents his vampires as the ultimate human terror, that of a replacement  species for our race. The story follows Robert Neville, the sole survivor  of a biological holocaust that created night stalkers who has turned his  home into a fortress in suburban Los Angeles. During the day he hunts  sleeping vampires, staking them through the heart and barricades himself in  his home at night while they mill about his yard like cadaverous door to  door salesmen, calling his name while the females raise their dresses to  tease and taunt him.<br /> Neville is a beautiful study into the  deterioration of the human mind, aside from the loss of his wife and  daughter that haunts him constantly, he begins to lose his own grip on  humanity. For three years he has lived this life of solitude, but  surrounded by human monsters who, incidentally, do not wear 18th century  regalia, top hats nor do they moan about how much their unlife makes them  do such terrible things. Matheson's vampires are a paradox of life, do not  turn into bats, wolves or mists and haven't an ounce of pretense or angst  found in the likes of Anne Rice's Eurotrash vampires or the found in  Vampire: the Masquerade. Neville has forgotten the sound of his own voice  and much of the common etiquette that we as humans all share.<br />  Matheson's masterful descriptions of the monotony of daily life mingled  with the nagging question of why he just doesn't give himself up to them  permeate the book. He constructs arguments for both sides, and deconstructs  the myth of vampires by producing a wonderful scientific explanation that  Neville learns over a period of a few years, literally by educating himself  at the UCLA libraries. The reader is so aware of the protagonist's torment  and the surging desire for companionship, human or otherwise, that when he  finds the stray dog, we are captivated and pulled along as Neville spends  weeks trying to coax the terrified animal into his home. And, without  giving it away, the ending will knock the reader off of whatever he or she  is sitting on.<br /> Some might see similarities to this and the Chuck  Heston flick, the Omega Man, which was a pale adaptation of the novel into  a typical 1970's dystopian film. For myself I churned through the pages  with a certain eagerness that I never possessed while reading Rice's morose  and trite endeavors in the world of undead. This book soars and packs  emotion into fluid verse that never stalls or loses direction. I Am Legend  fits beautifully with movies such as Blade and John Carpenter's Vampires.dog, we are captivated and pulled along as Neville spends  weeks trying to coax the terrified animal into his home. And, without  giving it away, the ending will knock the reader off of whatever he or she  is sitting on.<br /> Some might see similarities to this and the Chuck  Heston flick, the Omega Man, which was a pale adaptation of the novel into  a typical 1970's dystopian film. For myself I churned through the pages  with a certain eagerness that I never possessed while reading Rice's morose  and trite endeavors in the world of undead. This book soars and packs  emotion into fluid verse that never stalls or loses direction. I Am Legend  fits beautifully with movies such as Blade and John Carpenter's Vampires.
B00004STPT|5.0|this is an amazing sountrack.  Such beauty!  I am glad I bought it
B00003XB8K|5.0|this long-awaited release is SOOO wonderful; you can NOT listen without 'feeling' the music - those who criticize Cretu's voice are - who knows - jealous?  there is an integral depth to his singing, a sound that leaves  you happy, laughing, full of emotion... LONG LIVE MICHAEL CRETU!
B000002ARV|5.0|This is the best studio cd that johnny winter put out.More rock than most of his cd`s,this has the classic song still alive and well along with rock me baby.If your looking for Johnny playing the blues you might want to try  winter of 88.They have added an extra track that wasn`t on the tape,from  the buicksix which is also a great song.This is a good cd for those looking  for a good rockin johnny cd.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|this is not a bad purchase.  there's nothing really bad on it, and there's nothing really great.  the songs are good, but it is definitly lacking in originality.  fans of the band will want it, first time listeners may not  get the full effect of the band, and should buy something else.  overall,  its just generic
0792845684|5.0|Escape From New York is by far Carpenter's best film.  It's uniquely original plot involves a convicted felon, Kurt Russell, who sent into New York City, the nation's maximum security prison, to rescue the president.  Of course the film has it's flaws (although minor), but it is a very fun,  and action packed movie.  Any fan of action films should make it a priority  to see this film.  The film did spawn a poor sequel, but true fans should  stick to the original.  Overall a dark, gritty, action packed glimpse into  the future of mankind, with a fantastic ending that is the trademark of all  Carpenter films.  It also features a wonderful soundtrack, probably his  best since Halloween.  Do yourself a favor, and be sure to see this  movie!  Truly a one of a kind film that should not be missed by  anyone!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Enema of the State is a great CD. Almost all of the songs are fast pase, except Adam's Song. If you've ever listened to Buddha, you can tell how much their music has changed. This CD has a bit more swearing than the  other CD's, but WHO CARES? So I suggest that you should buy this CD as soon  as you can, you won't be let down.
6305892946|5.0|For those of you who LOVES Scream, and Scream2 as much as I did, Well Scream3 Tops them all! Especialy the ending. I'm not gonna tell you happened just in case you haven't seen it. But The third one Tops all! It  has many surprising parts!  Plus I love most of the cast Especialy David  Arquette and Courteney Cox Arquette! They are great together onscreen and  obvious off screen!
B000002GLE|5.0|The live, jazzy feel to this CD is great, as are the renditions of the familiar Sting songs.  A great rhythm to all the tracks, which all fit together nicely; quite uplifting.  One of my favourite Sting CDs.
0441003257|5.0|&quot;Good Omens&quot; is without a doubt, one of the funniest books that I have ever read.  My one pet peeve about it is that I loan it to people and then they REFUSE to give it back!  I've bought this book 7 times, and  have made six of my so-called friends delighted by donating it to them.   Oh, well, it's a small price to pay for a few more people who have been  introduced to this brilliant book.  I will warn you, however, that if you  aren't already laughing by the end of the first page, the humor involved is  probably not for you.  Much of the humor is writen in a throwaway style.   Instead of hitting you over the head with a joke, the authors seem to  prefer to state things in such a matter-of-fact tone that some of their  best lines try to sidle right past you.  By the way, even if you normally  only read a book once, try and reread Agnus Nutter's predictions after  you've finished the book.  The misinterpretations made by years of her  relatives are much more amusing when you really know what happens.   Definitely buy this book, but be careful of loaning it out!
B00001ODHL|5.0|Army of Darkness picks up where Evil Dead II leaves off. If you haven't seen Evil Dead II, that's okay... this movie stands well on it's own.<br />We find Ash (Bruce Campbell) thrown back in time and surrounded by guys  wearing armor.  Our bumbling reluctant hero has his work cut out for him:  Retrieve a mystical book, defeat the forces of evil, and get back to his  own time.<br />Along the way, we get to enjoy watching Ash get the stuffin'  kicked out of him!  He also delivers a plethora of one-liners the likes of  which may never be seen again.  (My personal fave:  &quot;Groovy.&quot;)<br />Granted, the special effects may not be state of the  art, but that's not what this movie is about. I'll gladly give up some  special effects just watch Ash's antics.<br />I TRULY feel sorry for anyone  who may have missed getting the Special Edition.  The commentary is great,  the Alternate Version is fantastic and the deleted scenes are a MUST.  (I  don't agree with Raimi's decision to cut the original Windmill scene.  It  makes much more sense and even pays a sly homage to Evil Dead II.) Maybe  we'll get lucky and they'll start re-printing this baby!<br />If you like  humor, slapstick, action and gratuitous blood, get Army of Darkness!
0380730405|5.0|I'd always liked reading romance, you know the kind of old-fashioned one. This was one of my favourites. It's about this young girl, who is bossed (not exactly) by a nosey old lady. When this lady finds out that the guy sitting in the next table is Maxim, the fellow who appeared in the newspapers, she goes along &amp; tries to establish contact. The girl(some how Du Maurier manages to finish the story withiut revealing her name), is embarassed &amp; after a lot of confusion, finds that she actualy likes Maxim &amp; he says that he likes her too &amp; wants her to come with him. She does so &amp; after going to his home, Manderley(That's how it begins..'Last night I dreamt I was in Manderley again')she thinks that she is not as good a replacement for Rebeca (who was the 1st wife of Maxim) In the end she finds BIG surprise waiting for her! But I won't tell u that, for it'll spoil your reading.
B00000K19E|2.0|Just imagine THE MATRIX without any special effects. Pretty empty, isn't it ? Now, imagine this movie without special effects and without borrowings from numerous other films nor references to precedent sci-fi films. Don't  you feel a sidereal emptiness around you ?<br />That's it ! You've just  recovered memory and understood that THE MATRIX isn't at all a new frontier  in Movie History ! And I think totally dishonest from the producers of THE  MATRIX to try to make us believe that their digitalized product has  anything to do with what we - movie lovers - call a genuine movie.<br />Sure,  I had a good time in front of my TV during two hours ! But what does that  proove ? I can swallow a cheeseburger and nonetheless be totally aware that  it has no gastronomic value...<br />I won't detail the numerous references  used by the Wachowsky Brothers but hey guys ! if you want to show your  culture, at least verify your sources : &quot; Know Yourself &quot; isn't a  Latin sentence but was, Plato dixit, one of the favorite sentences of his  Master Socrates.<br />A DVD for the garbage can.
6304097050|5.0|Well, this product is very great. The guy above or below made lots of errors, I think he ment Gregory Leonard and Sugar Ray Robinson.
0783226063|3.0|I haven't read Frank Herbert's celebrated book, like the average moviegoer, I presume, so I am able to take an objective look, if it's possible, at DUNE.<br />The first impression which hit me was that this movie  was unfinished. Or at least that it didn't reflect the director's purpose.  The succession of events, the presentation of the characters are filmed in  such a hurry that you always have the impression to see a theatrical  trailer. I'm sure that David Lynch didn't have the scissors in his hands  during the post-production. Someone else did.<br />Now, the story. There are  prophets, a messiah, a chosen clan, etc... It's a mixture of christian and  arab traditions ; there is even a child, Paul's sister, who is born from a  (not so-) virgin mother. There are the good ones and the bad ones ; in fact  you can't miss the bad ones, they are ugly, fat, and have the stigmata of  evilness (buerk!) or they are effeminate and vicious.<br />I will certainly  remember some scenes of this movie : the worms, the navigators, the 19th  century clothes of the characters, Silvana Mangano, the bad ones (they are  very well described, I assure you) and the musical score. But the movie in  itself can be forgotten.<br />Audio is great and special features so so.<br />A  should have been better DVD.
0140177396|4.0|I thought it was good that steinbeck kept it short and interesting insead of streaching it out into 500 pages or something. I saw the movie before i read the book so it made it alot easier to understand and easier to picture  everything. The whole Big Child (Lennie) and Little Man (George)  relationship was very interesting. At first glance Lennie seemes to be a  very simple man but as you get into it, it becomes quite the contrary. It  was one of my favorite books, and i think im hooked on Steinbeck.                                   A Sitka Student                                       Eric K
630575067X|2.0|I never could have imagined o worse episode to the series. Where has the soul of the first films gone... This movie was the worst and i hope it will stay that way it was awfull (except the bad guys) after seeing the movie  all i could thing was that i must have watched the wrong movie but then you  will have to watch it just becouse it is a star wars movie lucas should  have done better...
B00000K0DT|5.0|I don't often buy CD's or tapes because I generally don't think most movies are worth it but this is definitely the exception to the rule.  Foremost is the concept of the movie.  While not necessarily original it is  so well done that you are drawn in from the beginning.  It's one of those  movies that you definitely put on pause to discuss a point with friends or  since you don't want to miss anything, before you go to the fridge.  The  movie is in half narrative/action and just action as told by Kevin Spacey's  character.  The acting is excellent with Kevin earning his supporting actor  Oscar hands down.  There are no give aways, no false leads to throw you off  the scent and no gratuitous scenes to cater to a particular actors ego.  I  have reviewed the movie several times and while hind sight lends itself to  the truth you still have to give the director credit for being able to  present a story with twist and turns that aren't at the expense of the  viewer's intelligence.  For first time viewers you will never guess the  ending and for those of us who have seen it time and again it's always a  nice addition for when you are entertaining friends and families because no  one will be able to stop talking about it for hours afterwards.
B000002OX7|5.0|The Who has set the standards of Rock about 40 times higher with this CD...it's the greatest.    &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; have been the athems in Rock for ages and it should be  in everyone's collection.
B00004STPT|5.0|Zimmer (Broken Arrow) does a wonderful job of using music to portray the emotion and action of the scenery, characters, and plot of Gladiator.  Progeny is especially stirring.  I find the celtic influence to be my  personal favorite.  There is something so raw and untamed in a wordless  chant.  It moves something deep inside.  If you are a fan of Zimmer's past  soundtrack work, I don't think you'll be disappointed with this CD.  If you  aren't a fan of Zimmer, you'll still love the beautiful music.
B000020617|4.0|I'd call this the least essential of the Foos' first three albums, but that's more a testimony to how good the previous ones are than any real rip on this one.  Dave Grohl seems determined not to even accidentally have  another crossover Hot AC hit by keeping all the songs in the rock category,  and most of them are quite good.  A few too many repeated choruses start to  annoy me here and there, but that's a minor quibble.  A bit more stylistic  variety couldn't've hurt, either.  Early faves are the excellent  &quot;single&quot;, &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;, as well as &quot;Aurora&quot;  and &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot;.  You may want to start with their previous  work, but you won't be disappointed by this one.
