0812567110|4.0|Dorian Gray is somewhat shy, but fairly talkative. In certain parts of the book he starts to show a nervous side of himself. He does this because he  is witnessing that a certain picture of someone is changing before his very eyes. Whose picture you're  asking, what do think that I'm going to tell you! Stop asking, and read the book already. Anyway,  the setting of this book is taking place around the  Victorian Times in England. In England there is an  art studio in which Basil Hallward, the artist that  paints a certain picture, works and spends most of  his time. The problem in the story all started when  Dorian spoke a &quot;request.&quot; He &quot;requested&quot; that, &quot;Why  can't this picture age instead of myself?&quot; Dorian  will be scared of what happens after the next few months. One person enjoyed reading the book, and  thought that it was great reading. This person  loved how the author used vivid details in all his  characters, especially Dorian Gray. They also saw  the movie starring George Sanders and Hurd Hatfield, which they thought was also very good !
0440219078|3.0|I felt that the Giver was a good book that showed kids the importance of emotions and their historical backround.  I enjoyed the easy reading of Lowry's novel because I was never lost in it.  It was also cool that the book took place in some &quot;other&quot; world that isn't like ours.
B00002MZ12|5.0|this album is unbeatable. honestly, everyone i know who listend to it were honest enough to admit that it is really good.  bye it
B00003CXE7|5.0|This was one of the best movies i have seen for one simple fact.  From beginging to end the director never lost the guiding principle behind the Russel Crowes characters motives.  As it was in the begining as it was in the end the motivation for all his actions and decisions remained the same, they did not get lost within layers and layers of useless conotations and sub-plots...like most movies today which try and be &quot;deep&quot; and filled with meaning; however, far to often they choke on their own bad writing and unbelievability.   This movie showed more depth and meaning by staying with one guideing principle and i loved it!
0671004107|3.0|This book was shaping up to be a five star novel. I disliked the movie (which I saw first), but having read and enjoyed much of Sagan's non-fiction, I figured that it was the usual case of a good book being badly translated into movie form. There are definitely a lot of differences, and the book is far superior to the movie, but the same thing that I really hated in the movie is present in the book also.<br />I can't be really specific with what I disliked about the story without giving everything away, especially since it is at the end of the novel. The problem is basically the reams of implausibility, with regards to both logic and science, that take place in the last 50 pages or so. Things just simply couldn't have worked out the way they did. There was too much evidence. I can't understand why Sagan would ruin an otherwise excellent novel with such a badly thought out ending, especially given the quality of all his other work.<br />This is a mostly excellent novel, well written, and with some very thought-prevoking discussions in it, but the ending is simply unforgiveable.
0385486804|5.0|I can't stop looking at the photo of Chris McCandless sitting in front of Bus 142 in his ragged clothes, long hair and beard, emaciated, but smiling broadly.  It is the saddest picture I've ever seen.  It hurts me to look at it. I knew from the start that McCandless lost his life in pursuit of a dream.  Yet I could no more stop reading than McCandless could give up going to Alaska.  Jon Krakauer did a superb job of investigation, analysis and writing what must have been a most difficult project.  I can't say I enjoyed reading the book, but I'll never forget it.  I'm still grieving for Chris McCandless.
068487217X|4.0|Angela's Ashes is a book about the life of Frank McCourt, told by him. This book is both heart warming and incredibly sad at the same time. The book begins in America with Frank at four and his three year-old brother Malachy, whose name is the same as his fathers. It also tells the tale of the infant twins, Eugene and Oliver, and the memories of Margaret, who died. The mother, Angela, keeps the family together and has to worry about her husband bringing money home and the children's health. The father was a mean drunk who often spent his and his family's money on liquor for himself. The McCourts move from house to house, hoping that life will improve while it only gets worse.  Frank has the nerve to wind up in a romance with a lady named Theresa Carmondy and even strike his mother while drunk. However, even though all of this has happened to Frank in his childhood, there are times when you get happiness and even hope for the family while reading. I enjoyed reading this book and would highly recommend this book to any reader. Frank McCourt wrote this book with all his heart and was a joy to read.
1559408898|5.0|I worked for Ed Neumeier during the development of the first Robocop concept, which owes a little something to Iron Man and Judge Dredd comic books, among other influences. Robocop turned into such a great screenplay that it is often taught in scriptwriting classes in Hollywood.  I remember getting calls from Ed (who was also co-producer) on location, worrying that the movie wouldn't become all he hoped for. As it turns out, the movie works just great -- the story of a cop named Murphy who struggles, after being horribly wounded, to maintain his humanity inside a metal shell.  Such a touching ending this clever movie has, with the &quot;Old Man&quot; firing the villain (with Robo's help) and then asking Robo, &quot;what's your name, son?&quot;  A cheer went up in the theater when Robo replies &quot;Murphy!&quot;<br />A perfect little gem of an action comedy (yes, a comedy, Ed was very clear about that element), this film was cut slightly for violence to obtain the R rating, and the Criterion DVD offers the opportunity to study the uncut version, notable for two longer scenes: first, when ED 209 malfunctions he doesn't just shoot the hapless young executive -- he shoots and shoots and shoots and shoots him.  The scene, as funny as it was in the final cut, is even funnier that way.  And of course, there is the more graphic scene in which Murphy is blown apart by the pack of thugs.  The so-called X version has additional shots of Murphy's skull blown apart and hand blown off.  All in all, a very informative and worthwhile Criterion DVD for the student of this movie, which I thought was out of print, but looks like you can still have it here.<br />The later films got the emphasis wrong -- the first film spent its entire length focusing on the importance of Robo's human side, called Murphy, and the later films jettisoned the humanity for the Robo character.  ...  Suffice to say this franchise could be re-invented by studying the first film and getting it right next time.  Meanwhile, enjoy the only good Robocop movie here, and see why Paul VerHoeven's career in America really took off afterward (as well as that of Ed Neumeier, Michael Miner, et al).e.  Meanwhile, enjoy the only good Robocop movie here, and see why Paul VerHoeven's career in America really took off afterward (as well as that of Ed Neumeier, Michael Miner, et al).
B000035Z3K|5.0|Here's a prime example of what DVD can do better than any other video format to date!  On one small disc are three (count 'em, THREE)  separate versions of Bram Stoker's classic vampire tale ... and you don't  have to flip the disc or fast forward through any one of them to access  the others.  As icing on the cake, there are a wealth of bonus  supplemental materials that are also readily available at the touch of a  remote button.  Phenomenal! ... and a user-friendly convenience that  could never be achieved on Beta, VHS, 16mm, LED, or LaserDisc.<br />Although the Lugosi &quot;Dracula&quot; has taken a critical drubbing in recent  years as a somewhat stodgy, stage-bound production (at least in the London and Whitby sequences), it is still remarkable for the acting of Helen Chandler, Dwight Frye, and - especially - Lugosi whose interpretation of the vampiric Count both made and defined his film career.  Lugosi uses his hands exquisitely throughout the movie, and his beautifully resonant voice at times vibrates like a finely pitched string instrument. It's a virtuoso tour de force performance that ushered in the first cycle  of Universal Horror talkies.  (Quick!  Who won the 1930-31 Best Actor  Oscar for which Lugosi was not even nominated?  Answer: Lionel  Barrymore, for playing Norma Shearer's father in &quot;A Free Soul&quot;.  Go figure!)<br />The second incarnation of the film is the Lugosi version with a new electronic musical score by Philip Glass.  Whereas the original release version suffered by having too little orchestration, Glass has gone to the other extreme, leaving very few passages without some background accompaniment.  And he unwisely chose to eliminate the use of &quot;Swan Lake&quot; during the main title sequence ... better that he would have kept that familiar introduction, and used it as a springboard to his own composition.  Glass' effort is not as successful as the newly recorded scores for the MGM-Thames Television restorations of silent classics like &quot;The Crowd&quot;,  &quot;The Wind&quot;, etc., mostly because his musical passages don't always properly underscore the on-screen action, and thus frequently come off as obtrusive and remote.<br />The nicest surprise on the disc is the inclusion of the Spanish-language &quot;Dracula&quot;, shot simultaneously with the English-language classic, but with a totally different cast and production team.  The print is pristine,  sharp and clear, without the fading and flickering that plagues the  English transfer.  Enjoyable for its own sake, the Spanish &quot;Dracula&quot; also offers valuable insight into the nature of creative choices when  compared to its English counterpart ... note the liberal use of dry ice whenever the Count's coffin is opened; the expanded use of the Transylvania Castle set; and the different presentation of the insane Renfield in the cargo hold of the Vesta.<br />The supplemental materials are all just great - loved the reminiscences by producer Carl Laemmle's niece Carla, and the photo gallery was quite nice, if not as extensive as the gallery presented on the MCA Encore Edition LaserDisc.  My one major complaint was the absence of any recent interviews with the (English version's) romantic leading man, David Manners; although he died in December 1998, Manners was quite lucid up until his death, and could have contributed invaluable comments about this film,  as well as the previous Universal DVD release of &quot;The Mummy&quot; (1932). That (major) disappointment aside, this is still an almost flawless disc, and a must-have for any connoisseur of the DVD format.lassics like &quot;The Crowd&quot;,  &quot;The Wind&quot;, etc., mostly because his musical passages don't always properly underscore the on-screen action, and thus frequently come off as obtrusive and remote.<br />The nicest surprise on the disc is the inclusion of the Spanish-language &quot;Dracula&quot;, shot simultaneously with the English-language classic, but with a totally different cast and production team.  The print is pristine,  sharp and clear, without the fading and flickering that plagues the  English transfer.  Enjoyable for its own sake, the Spanish &quot;Dracula&quot; also offers valuable insight into the nature of creative choices when  compared to its English counterpart ... note the liberal use of dry ice whenever the Count's coffin is opened; the expanded use of the Transylvania Castle set; and the different presentation of the insane Renfield in the cargo hold of the Vesta.<br />The supplemental materials are all just great - loved the reminiscences by producer Carl Laemmle's niece Carla, and the photo gallery was quite nice, if not as extensive as the gallery presented on the MCA Encore Edition LaserDisc.  My one major complaint was the absence of any recent interviews with the (English version's) romantic leading man, David Manners; although he died in December 1998, Manners was quite lucid up until his death, and could have contributed invaluable comments about this film,  as well as the previous Universal DVD release of &quot;The Mummy&quot; (1932). That (major) disappointment aside, this is still an almost flawless disc, and a must-have for any connoisseur of the DVD format.
6305718954|4.0|Incredibly filmed and visually stunning. Plenty of foreshadowing helps make this a very enjoyable film to watch. Patricia Arquette and Gabriel Byrne are both very good. A couple of minor holes that I assume ended up on the cutting room floor for one reason or another. Solid film.
0425098478|2.0|The book assumes that the individuals you manage are essentially come fully equipped to do the job.  However, most new (whether entry-level or expereinced) employees are unfamiliar with the nature of the enteriprise, its customers, and its measures for success.  A good manager is also a good mentor and trainer, who spends more than &quot;a minute&quot; getting employees to learn how to make the right decisions while also giving them constantly challanging roles they can succeed in.  The books spends little time on these important aspects.  I would have appreciated this rather than the tedious conversational narrative.  On the positive side, the suggested methods of praising and critiquing employees are worth noting.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Not only was it a great movie, but a great cinematic experience as well. Well written, acted, filmed. A couple of spots seemed to drag just for a bit, but they picked right up again (or maybe I just missed something, which would have been easy to do since this movie was an a visceral assault on your mind.) I feel this film deserves a second viewing to catch it all. Not at all what you expect from the trailer. Theatres need to strictly enforce the admittance of minors to this film so ignorant teens dont start up fight clubs all over. This is not about fighting in the usual sense. More about fighting for your sense of self. If you don't understand parts, ask someone who saw the movie with you. Talk about it. It will come to you. If you still don't get it, it's too late for you.
B000003TAW|5.0|If there is only one album in the afterlife, this album is it!!!!  This album is absolutely great, and it deserves all the stars i can give it!!  I remember picking up this cd at best buy last year, just because I had heard most of this cd off of napster, and i don't regret for a moment ever getting this cd.  I love &quot;In the Garage&quot; and &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; just because of their upbeat sound and the escape into their garage where they can act like they want to.  This album deserves to be one of the greatest American albums ever made.  Please, if you haven't bought this album, go out and buy it dammit!!!
B00004W55E|4.0|Deep, deep, deep, and deeper still. Rachelle is as imaginative as McFerrin, but with a much, much better instrument. The confidence, range, control, and maturity reminds me of Miss Ella. The only reason I didn't give the record 5 stars is I felt the performance of the musicians was a bit generic and predictable at times when compared to what Ferrell was giving. I would like to say to other singers out there: Don't be too jealous; listen, enjoy, learn, applaud, then go practice! I know I am. And I would also like to say to the bigwigs in the industry and those who consider themselves fans of good music: Don't ignore Rachelle Ferrell; the lady is all that. 'And if you don't like it...'
B000002J09|3.0|I got started listening to classic rock at age 5 by my father who I must blame for wrecking my opinion of every album released after 1978. Being into this type of music from the beginning I got turned on to Zep by some friends and gave all of their albums a diligent listen all the way through. This is a good album, Black Dog, Rock &amp; Roll, and Levee are all solid rock tunes. Frankly I hate ballads, as such Stairway and Evermore make me sick and I have to skip them. For me this album is a one time listen, good but not great, it remains at the bottom of my CD pile. Zep 3 in my opinion is their best. If you want great music especially from '71 listen to &quot;Who's Next&quot; in my opinion the greatest album of all time. Out of about 15 tracks on that album 10 are masterpiece quality and the others still rock. On another note buy &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; winner for best live album in my book, could barely listen to anything else for about 3 weeks straight. Overall Zep 4 is a decent album on it's own but I am to spoiled by Townshend's Men to listen to it more than every once in a while.
6305095566|5.0|There probably isn't much i can say on this fine film that alot of people don't already know...i will add this...the main reason that this is my favorite horror film is that it uses both atmosphere and visceral scenes to give audiences a good scare...i HIGHLY recommend this film to any horror fan who has'nt seen it yet.
0451450523|5.0|Ever since I was a little girl, I have loved The Last Unicorn.  A couple of years ago I finally got the book, and I was amazed at how much better the book is than the movie.  The story is very romantic, sad, and dark.  Anyone who's a huge fan of fantasy novels, and especially unicorns, will love this story.  You will remember it for years to come, and will probably read it many many times.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|Although not as good as the 1920 original, this movie works well with a good DVD/TV and hometheatre kit. Michael Mann once again demonstrates his mastery of period firearms, hand to hand combat, set design, battle scene choreography, 5.1 sound, and cinematography. Great sound track.  Side characters were the best, Russell Means as Chingachgook,  Eric Schweig as Uncas, the crass and coniving English generals, and the best was Wes Studi, who steals the show as Magua, the vengeful Heron who undercores why it is always essential to have a really good bad guy. Unfortunately, his motivation can't help but arouse sympathy, and his arguments were more coherent than I think the writers intended. I enjoyed watching this several times.
6303327982|5.0|This movie was fantastic!  It was my favorite movie!  All the action and killing was great!  The cimetagraphy was great.  Woody harelsons best!  This movie kicked but.  My favorite part was the jail escape part.  It was ausome!
079284470X|5.0|This movie is not Oscar material, it's not the greatest movie in the world, and yes the acting could be better, but who cares?!  It's a nice movie to watch if you're in the mood to be entertained and be able to stare at Andrew McCarthy for 90 minutes.  I'm a huge fan of McCarthy and he is absolutly adorable in this film.  Sit back, pop some popcorn, and just relax.  Don't worry about what the critics say, they need to lighten up anyways.
B00004X01U|1.0|Music was the only great song on this CD!  The rest were just too boring and did not have the &quot;groove&quot; that the title song did.  I loved the song Music after hearing the previews and couldn't wait to buy the CD.  But it was a huge disappointment after all the hype and I expected the rest of the CD to live up to Music's beat.  Buy the single, forget the CD album!
0385484518|5.0|This book brought out my otherwise hidden emotions.  I cried several times throughtout the course of reading it.  It was a story about a student and his number one teacher.  His teacher (Morrie) was dying from ALS and he was too caught up in work to care until the student(Mitch) lost his job due to a strike.  They met everyday to talk about marriage, the meaning of life, and so on.  This book made start to think about my family and how important they are to me.  Most of the things Morrie said were heartwarming and confident.  I felt that I knew Morrie and he considered myself as a friend, but we'd never met.  The book completely comes alive in my eyes.  I was enthused and entertained through the whole read.  Mitch Albom, the author was trying to show that it is very important to stay close in touch with friends and family because you'll never know when you'll have to say goodbye.  Morrie was not scared of death.  Instead of being scared of death he faced it and looked at himself as being the lucky one.  He had about a year to say goodbye to everyone that was important to him.  The best thing about this book is that Morrie has all of the answers to every question that I have wondered about, and it's comforting.  I recommend this book to anyone that likes to stay interested in what they read.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I agree that this album is much more maturely written than her debut album. Songs like &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot; reflect that. However, there is one thing that makes this album bad: Britney Spears' voice. For God's Sakes, she sounds like a chipmunk on these songs. There are only, in my opinion, two good songs: #7 and #9. Britney may look good, yes, but that's about it. That trashy VMA awards performance turned me right off.
0385486804|4.0|&quot;Into the Wild&quot; is the tale of an adventurous young man by the name of Chris McCandless, who hitchhiked his way across America and into Alaska.  Jon Krakauer tells Chris' story by asking the people he met along the way and his family, as well as information he left in journals and on postcards.  Along with his journey there are other short stories about people who have tried similiar feats.  There is even one chapter written by Krakauer detailing his own death defying quest to climb Devil's Thumb in Alaska.<br />  I personally enjoyed &quot;Into the Wild.&quot;  It made me feel pity and sadness toward Chris one moment, then I would sense his desire for adventure and root for him to survive.  The author tells the story of McCandless in the way he thought it should be told, as if Chris were a hero.  I must admit though that the way the book is written is kind of confusing.  The author has other stories in the middle of the book, which interupt the flow of the story.  Even with these slight interuptions, the main story still manages to flow on afterwards.<br />  I think &quot;Into the Wild&quot; appeals to the outdoors types, nature lovers, and those similiar to McCandless, carefree and seeking adventure.
6302250269|4.0|This movie, and particularly the ending, had the potential to be so much better than it was. The first time I saw Thelma and Louise it didn't strike me as feminist but simply humanist. Despite some corny dialogue, a weak script and a group of somewhat shallow supporting characters, the movie did manage to hit a few emotional chords. But the best thing about this movie was the cinematic side. Outstanding performances from the lead actresses, breathtaking scenery, superb direction from Ridley Scott and a brilliant musical score by Hans Zimmer make this a must see for anyone who appreciates good movie making.
0786216379|5.0|To all you people who just whine and complain about this book, LIGHTEN UP! <br />This book is meant to entertain.  This is not a great work of literature, merely a book to escape the rigors of daily life and associate with a character who many (both men and women) can identify with.  Each of you share something with Bridget, whether you like it or not.  You could smoke/not smoke, drink, struggle with your body and issues, been dateless, been dumped,  been cheated on, been jilted, been fired (almost), have problems with your overbearing parents, or your needy dramatic friends,  contemplate intimate relations with someone in your office.... I'm sure many of you can identify with something from the above list.   <br />I found this book hilarious.  And to all you righteous critics ranting and raving about how horrible this book is...save your time and tackle &quot;actual&quot; works of literature.  <br />AND LAUGH A LITTLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GEEZ!!!
0767802659|5.0|This is the best movie I have seen in years. It has a great story and some fantasic special effects. The actors are first class  and gets an A+. If  you like Sci.fi and you havent seen this movie yet, buy it!
B00004U8H4|5.0|This movie has a strong lead but the film never goes anywhere or tries to get inside this guy's head.The ending really fall's flat.All in all  this one is rather dissapointing
B00003CXE7|2.0|Personally, I have anticipated a LOT from this film, because of the director Ridley Scott as well as my favorite film composer Hans Zimmer who is a genius, as well as the cast, including a fine cast: Russel Crowe and Richard Harris and Joquin Phoenis and others. But I was very, very disappointed with this film.<br />First of all, this was a very beautiful film. This was a very well-photographed film, but not the right way. There are certain ways you shoot a film depending on its genre. Epics such as this film should be shot in a grand way such as THE LAST EMPEROR(which was probably the BEST photographed film[Vittorio Storaro])and it can't be shot in a way that films such as THELMA AND LOUISE was, for example, which was a Ridley Scott film. The murky look of the Roman Empire as well as the shot of the Roman city and the Colussium was shot in a way that closed off the grand view from the viwers. Were some shots grand? Yes, but the shots weren't edited right. Many shots in this film were shot in a way that closed off from the audience of what the Roman Empire, the full scale of Roman Empire might have looked like.<br />Also, the script. The script actually didn't have THAT many problems. But a little more character development for Djimon Hounsou might have been nice, as well as a little more look at what Joaquin Phoenix did after being the friggin Emperor of ROME might have been nice as well!<br />The music: HANS ZIMMER and LISA GERRARD RULE!!!! I loved the soundtrack. I bought it because I HAD to listen to this finely composed music as well as Lisa Gerrard's beautiful vocals.(especially the ending)<br />The cast was very very fine. Exceptional work by Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, and others have pulled off arguably the best ensemble casted in a film this year.<br />So why do I say &quot;So Close, but so far away...&quot;? Well, all the ingridients for a very very VERY fine epic film are here: Ridley Scott, one of the most influential film director, Hans Zimmer, Godof film music, cinematographer who can pull off beautiful images, and a very fine cast, but WHAT WENT WRONG???!!!! Well, I guess it was just bad choices by some of the people during the production, but I must say, this COULD have been an AWESOME film...
B000002N2P|5.0|I remember when I was at the record store in 95. When I entered the store, I saw Insomniac under New Releases. I inmediately bought it, since I had become an addict to the MTV video Geek Stink Breath. I would stay hours in front of the TV just to watch MTV play it! When I popped the cd in the Stereo, I inmediately loved it! I played that cd more thatn ten times that very day! It's green day's more punk and less pop record, and that's saying a lot. Since 95, I have bought more than one hundred cd's, but, mysteriously, this disc still finds itself in the cd changer on a constant basis.
0767903854|4.0|Perhaps because I once hiked part of the Appalachain Trail, I liked &quot;A Walk in the Woods&quot; better than this book.  I mean, I like Austrailia, but I never warmed to the story as much.  I'd like to read other books by the author before maiing my final decision, though.  I just never got as emotionally involved this time.
B000002LKF|5.0|This album is, to me, not only Paul Simon's greatest work but also my favorite album.  It both captures the Brazilian music and blends a melodic line above the many-layered beat.  &quot;Further to Fly&quot; is my favorite song, but the record plays almost as one long song.  My friends don't understand my appreciation of this album, as they think it sounds like &quot;jungle music,&quot; but I think that Paul Simon uses these rhythms to form a gorgeous and integral background for a set of very well written songs.
158234082X|4.0|A glimpse into a life I'll never probably lead, not being born to it, this is a fine autobiography.  I feel anyone who loves cooking and food will enjoy it, perhaps anyone who loves gossip and intrigue will also.  Not for the fainthearted, it does cast a bit of a shadow on the mystery of fine cuisine, you might not look at your order from the kitchen quite the same waya again.  That may not be a bad thing.  All in all an enjoyable, fast read.
0140288503|5.0|This is striking. A hyper-detailed account of an extended gunfight in the streets of Mogadishu, Somalia, it drops the reader into a well-planned, well-intentioned military intervention that, through an accumulation of chaotic details, degenerates into a confused mess. After two helicopters are shot down, and three others badly-damaged, a mixture of Rangers and Delta Force are shuffled inelegantly through a hail of gunfire, in a city where every building looks the same, by a command and communication hierarchy that is unable to react fast enough to cope with the changing situation. Although technically a success, the 15-hour battle saw the deaths of over 500 assorted US and Somali people, with over a thousand wounded, many for life. Bowden's book pulls this over you and doesn't let forget that, without vehicles and night-vision, all men with guns are more or less equal. Well-drawn maps detail the confusion as a bullet-ridden rescue convoy is led through the city, creating more casualties than it would have prevented, and thankful Bowden has also interviewed surviving Somalis, both civilians and gunmen. Whilst Somalia comes across as anarchy, there aren't really any villains - the US troops are well-meaning but overrun, and the Somalis were understandably enraged at the sight of armoured soldiers kidnapping local heroes.<br />Although there is a great deal of political background, the meat of the book transcends that - it's about people hiding behind cars and rocks, people shooting at shadows and being shot in turn, people being killed at different speeds. The cumulative effect is numbing, and the growing death toll seems less shocking than it should be, as reserve gives way to shots at anything that moves. It would make a great film, too, in another universe - I shudder at the thought of Jerry 'Armageddon' Bruckheimer producing this.
0812589041|5.0|I was blown away by this book. OSC(the author) is the best sci-fi author in a long time. As an avid fan of sci-fi books, i have read nearly every one. EG, however tops them all. From what i have heard, and my personal experiance, this book touches everyone who reads it in a very personal way. The charecters are done so well, that you fall in love with them. So take my advice, and the other people who reviewed it advice, and buy this book. I garennte you will like it.
0790740249|2.0|This is an exploitation movie, pure and simple, professionally done.  What is being exploited is the public's fear and fascination with psychopathic serial killers.  Sigourney Weaver plays a shrink, who is an expert on the species, gone slightly bananas with fear.  We have the usual tinkling music to warn us that evil is afoot, the targeted woman alone in her apartment, the investigating cops one step behind, and of course the mad man-or actually mad men: as in \\"Silence of the Lambs\\" there are two of them, one in jail and one out.<br />Why anybody would want to make such a movie is beyond me.  Money doesn't really explain it.  I think the desire to show others that you can exploit the public better than they can is the motivation.<br />Holly Hunter plays a homicide detective in a pony tail.  She's cute.
B000003S2M|5.0|Profoundly peaceful.  Truely provides a portal to a greater universe.  I owned this as an LP and unfortunately have yet to find it on disc.  Had I known it would become scarce, I would have kept my record player.  Sad to see that it is out of print.  Glancing at the other reviews, I was surprised to see that it was described as &quot;sad&quot; music, although depending on the mood of the listner, I understand how it might evoke meloncholy.  I used to meditate to this album, and for me it was highly uplifting.  None of the mind numbing garbage that passes for &quot;new age&quot; music here.
B0000039LE|4.0|I have found the annversary edition of Halloween a must-have for aficianados of this movie.  I have watched this movie countless times throughout my lie and it never ceases to amaze me how frightening it still remains to me.  I would be hard pressed to come up with one single element that makes this movie the horror classic that it is.  In truth, it is a combination of many things; the credibility given to the Michael Myers character through the dialogue of Donald Pleasance's character for one.  The resourcefulness of the small budget cinematography crew to bring us the feeling of eerines.  The classic musical score so recognizeable and enthralling.  The writer's keen eye for believable character development from the naivete of Jamie Lee Curtis to the shallow prattle of the doomed girls...to the very silence and foreboding of Myers' character, itself.  There is not one element that makes this movie the classic that it is; but a compilation of several things that come together for the end result.  As a teenager watching this movie in 1978, I could not help but try to understand the mind of a young boy with such homicidal tendencies....and then follow that same boy into adulthood and the seemingly pointless butchery of so many.  But in my search i came up empty handed and realized that the Myers character is not meant to be understood or analyzd. And that is one of the mystiques of the movie that has given it its staying power.  And the 20 year legacy to us as moviegoers?  For the masses who can remember when it first came out, halloween's legacy is the coming to terms with the fact that a millioon dollar special effects budget does not a classic horror story make.  It is,rather, a labor of genius of the human nature and what truly and permanently scares us.  My hat is off to Mr. Carpenter and Hill for this crowning achievement.
6300183971|4.0|Is prophecy similar in context throughout the Universe? This is a movie based on a similar story on earth, but under different environment. It has a few gross scenes which I think are disturbing. Because of that, I'm not giving this movie 5 stars.
0060926317|5.0|I read this book a short while ago.  I loved it - and not because I thought it was fiction or non-fiction or because  I believed it exampled all of Aborginal culture or any real part of Aboriginal culture or because it was the most profoundly written book I've ever read. It was simply a meaningful manuscript that articulated questions, answers, emotions, philosophies that are relevant at this point of my life. Now,I have read many, many book reviews in my life and quite a few on Amazon - but none as collectively scathing toward the READER of a book -  as the ones that focus on Morgan's book.  As a satisfied reader of this book, I have been called silly, childish, stupid and it has been implied that all one needs to do is to look at my crass and inarticulate writing style to see that I am basically struggling to hit a 3 digit IQ (which of course would explain why I like this book in the first place.)  Amazing! Isn't the magic of any manuscript that the same words can be so many different things to different people?
078062551X|5.0|Is this a sci-fi or a paradox? If you haven't seen this movie, then get ready for a mind warp. Great cast and special effects and you are always in suspense. It's a pitty that this movie wasn't nominated for the Oscars. But it won the award for the best sci-fi of 98. Personally I think that this is cult classic sci-fi.
B00004XMVH|4.0|U-571 is a pretty good tale about some World War II submariners, and their struggle against the German Navy.  The movie is pretty quick moving, and the battles will put you on the edge of your seat.  Bill Paxton and Matthew McConaughey were very good in their roles, the supporting cast was good as well. While maybe not as powerful as The Hunt for Red October, or Crimson Tide,  U-571 stands out well enough on its own and is a sure fire hit.<br />If you enjoyed these previous submarine movies, don't miss this one!  You wont be dissappointed!!  Recommended!!
B000007OY0|5.0|If you've seen The Green Mile, then this is very similar.
0783242808|3.0|I didn't see the rated version so I don't can't tell you what the difference is. This movie is your basic high school comedy. Eugene Levy does an awesome job as the father who does a great job during all the embarassing scenes.  There is one nude scene which shows a girl topless. The language is raunchy as is fitting for a high school movie. However, the language was pornographic when one girl tells what she did during music camp. The unrated version is NC-17.
630027120X|5.0|Why do people seek redemption when they see someone die? Redemption is for the living, and this movie brings the tears of innocence from Our Inner Selves.
B00004TL21|5.0|Heavy but very melodic. More singing less screaming.
B00000K2SC|5.0|If you heard about this movie and never seen it, then you are missing the experience many people get. It's a cult classic apocalyptic sci-fi movie that is similar to Terminator, but on a different dimension.
B000002AH7|5.0|This album is a collaboration between Gil Evans and Miles Davis and what they created will forever change the Jazz and Classical world.  A mixture of Spanish classical scores, and jazz melody.<br />As Duke Ellington said, &quot;It is becoming increasingly difficult to decide where jazz starts or where it stops, where Tin Pan Alley begins and jazz ends, or even where the borderline lies between classical music and jazz.  I feel there is no boundary line.&quot;  If was any boundary line left when this album came out, it was definately obliviated after this.<br />This is a perfect piece to listen to in the morning, or anytime when you are just relaxing.  I have never been to Spain, but if I went it would probably have trouble competing with the experience of this music.  The remastered version is very well done, and the sound is phenomenal for a 1959 recording.  The Sound stage is wide and open.  And Davis's trumpet is clear and focused.  If you want to bridge the gap either from jazz to classical, or vice versa this is the album to do it with.  If you love Miles Davis and want something very relaxing and beautiful from him this is a great album to own.  Essential for Miles Davis fans.
0792153294|4.0|This is one of the very few movies that Hollywood made that contains a scientific realism. Unfortunatelly certain portions of the story were too slow with lots of naive actions from some of the characters. In general it's a good movie.
6305537313|5.0|I feel it almost unnecessary to comment on the beauty of the movie, as I hope you have already seen this Clasic Hepburn film.  Beautiful romance, and acting.  But what is so exciting about this release for me is the widescreen format, and the quality.  I am far to young to have been able to see this in the theatre, so this was my first chance to see the movie in the aspect it was originally intended.  Through the widescreen format you can really see the films beauty and what your were missing.  The quality of this anamorphic DVD is also phenomenal for such an old film.  Color saturation and grain is very good.  If you liked Breakfast at Tiffany's, own it on VHS, or have never seen it, you must have the DVD&gt;
0800103661|4.0|If you are a scientific minded person and believe in genes, then you better ask yourself how(?) far are you willing to go. Great movie.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I originally did not want to see this movie because of the title.  I thought it was just another violent, pointless movie.  Not the case.  Although, as many, I did not see this in the theatre's I bought the DVD out of encouragement from a friend and interest in the movie.  This has become one of my favorite movies of all time.<br />This movie is outstanding and makes powerful statements about society, and especially men today.  If you are a generation x man you must see this.<br />This movie is very well acted by Edward Norton, and Brad Pitt, and very well directed.  I have not yet read the book, but plan to.<br />The picture quality is great on this anamorphic DVD, and the sound editing is great (nominated for an academy award in this category.)
6301971582|5.0|What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
B00000DBXL|3.0|I miss their style on &quot;Motercade of Generosity&quot;, and the great sequal album &quot;Fashion Nugget&quot;.  This album leaves me unsatisfied with the band.  They have lost a number of musicians, and this may be a big part of it.  I think that if this new version of Cake matured together they may make a real comeback on their next album.  I loved &quot;Satan is My Motor&quot; and &quot;Let Me Go&quot;.  The rest of the CD was up and down for me.  I recomend buying this CD is you are a Cake fan, but buy &quot;Motercade of Generosity&quot; and &quot;Fashion Nugget&quot; first.  And be looking for their new album.
B00000I8UF|5.0|\\"Moanin'\\" has an essential part of any jazz collection (or music collection, for that matter).  The boisterousness of this lp is best reflected in the title track.  The beauty of this lp is best reflected in the exquisite \\"Along Came Betty.\\"  I could write superlatives about it all day, but I could never do it justice.  Please try it, and I guarantee that your love of jazz will only deepen.  And if you don't love jazz, you will after hearing this record.
B000003S2K|5.0|This release, a first of 4 ambient album's by Eno, is one of the greatest ambient works ever.  His process is far different than ambient created today.  He used a tape loop and sythesizer for everything (I think there was an echo box in there too somehwere).  This music will suck you in and leave in nearly a trance like state.  I believe it to be more powerful than any of the ambient out there in the electronic world today as it brings forth emotions with very little effort.  If you enjoy this piece I would also highly recomend &quot;Discreet Music&quot; which came out before this album, but using a similar process.
0553210246|5.0|The mayor of casterbridge is a descriptive, sad, but fun to read novel that keeps the reader glued to the seat. In this novel, Tomas Hardy's skill for describing the enviroment is clear, and his characters are vibrant and true to life. I recommend this novel to anyone who is in search of a great read.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is truly a electronic masterpiece and will never been forgotten.  I have been a big fan of Moby for quite some time now, but I have found myself skipping a song here or their on some of his other albums.  This CD is one of those CD's you want to leave on repeat all day, and listen to it through and through.  On this album Moby remixes a lot of old blues songs, and briliantly brings them to life.  He takes electronic music to a whole new level with this album.  If you don't own any Moby, start here.  And if you love the smash hit &quot;Porcelain&quot; or &quot;Everloving&quot; you'll want to check out his album &quot;I Like to Score&quot; as another great Moby CD to own.  If you haven't started listening to Electronic music at all START HERE!
0316777722|5.0|somewhere in your abode and get comfortable.  This book is so funny and clever that you will want to read it from cover to cover and and laugh to yourself.  Then you will go back to Amazon.com and order all the other books by David Sedaris.  Better yet, order a bunch for all those friends who need a  rousing, cheerful read.
B00000J7J7|5.0|Brad Mehldau is one of the greatest modern Jazz Pianist, and he is my favorite.  I loved getting this album after listening to his first Trio album.  This is my favorite album by him, and one of my favorite albums to listen to when I am in a thoughtful state, or just relaxing.  His calming melody's truly express the word Elegiac, and this album is my working definition for the word.  Although I love his trio works, this solo piano album is a powerful display of his mastery of the instrument.
B000000WJZ|5.0|After releasing their debut, &quot;Gish&quot;, the Smashing Pumpkins then went on to release this monster of a record.  Not only is this their best work to date, it also successfully combines elements of both &quot;Gish&quot; and &quot;Melloncollie...&quot;.  &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; has its grungy but melodious moments as heard on &quot;Gish&quot;, but it also has its quiet and profound moments as is found abundantly on &quot;Melloncollie...&quot;.  On a more personal note, this was my first Smashing Pumpkins album, and to be honest it took me some time to get used to Billy Corgan's thin whine.  However, as I got used to his voice, I began to realize that he changes the tone of his voice constantly because of the profound pain and angst in his deeply felt lyrics.  Apart from this being a very heady album lyrically, the immense guitar work and powerful drumming continues to add to the atmosphere on the heavier songs.  The guitar work is so good in fact, that after several listenings you begin to break down the the immense walls of riffage, and discover the subtle moments in the background. There is just so much dimension, and so much to discover in this album that the music continues to sound fresh even after several listenings.  So do yourself a favor and pick up this timeless classic, sit back and let it take you on a journey as it did for me.
6303481272|5.0|first of all i've always been a fan of anime; however, when i watched this movie for the first time i was so into the movie that i couldnt do anything but be dazzled by the art, the storyline which there is one unlike one reviewer &quot;thinks&quot;, and the acting is outstanding i know that is a cartoon but i could feel the mood and emotions as if i was watching an a+ film with 20 million dollars a day actors. i want to commend the writers and poducers of this trully great film. i own and i highly suggest for it to be in anyones collection. if i had bill gate's money i would buy it for you myself, and you can take that to the dam bank.
B00000K19E|5.0|Everything in this movie was good.  Plot, action, special effects, and with the DVD version the sound and picture is incredible.  A must see for any scifi buff or action fan.
B00004YC2F|4.0|This is a fine performance but so what?  There are many fine performances of this work.  I'm a fan of Volodos and was eagerly awaiting this recording.  And while it is decent, there are more inspired performances -- Gavrilov, Horowitz, Argerich, and Janis.  There are a couple of other hard to find issues that are better including those performed by Jorge Pratt and Santiago Rodriguez.  That's not to say not to get this recording, just be aware it won't change your life.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Let me guess, you all liked that burning hunk of pig snout called Deep Impact more? Please. Lemme dispute some stuff first: The NASA guys KNOW the world knows about the ASTEROIDS that hit New York, THE WORLD DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT THE METEOR.  Only one person has identified the meteor, and although the world gets alerted to it (you'll see why) they coudln't know until it was too late.  Second of all, the NASA guys perform the tests on the drillers because they don't want to use the drillers, Thorton (Truman) pushes them to use Bruce's team. There then now, I liked this movie because, simply, it's a good disaster flick with impressive actors. You sympathize with the drillers because you meet their families, friends, etc. Unlike in Deep Impact in which the astronauts are just nameless faces we see twice. Rent the DVD, Rent the VHS, Buy the Criterian Collection. Just don't let the bad reviews scare you away from this excellent movie.
B00004X01U|1.0|I recently reviewed this for my university paper, and opted not to place it here because the only relevant thing I had to say about it is that I would rather drink a pint of elephant vomit mixed with courvoisier than give this record a second listen.  I respect Madonna, but this is one terrible record.  But as always, it takes her low points to come to another high point, so we can always look forward to her next record, I guess.
B00003Q43A|4.0|Don't watch this movie for plot, or intricate story line developments, it's an alien invasion movie.  The diffrence is that it's a good one, a really really good one. ID4 has been my favorite movie since I saw it in '96.  Smith does a nice job of playing the hero, and Goldblum fits into his &quot;genius&quot; role once again with his natual smooth talent. Go ahead and purchase this one, you'll like it (if not, then, well, I guess you won't).
0783240503|5.0|We have just bought this video for a week, however we have watched so many times. My comment is that every kid should have a one.
6305232660|2.0|I'm sorry, but this is supposed to be a disaster movie? Since when does a disaster movie have the &quot;disaster&quot; in the sub-plot??? This movie is actually a love story between the (then) 18 year old Elijah WOod and 15 year old LeeLee Sobeiski. Nothing more, nothing less. You'll be eager to see the astronauts on their heroic mission, instead you'll be tormented by Elijah staring at LeeLee.  This movie also disguisted me, for instance, the point of attack (when the actual movie's meat started) comes during a hyper-close up of a fat guy's cheek blubber shaking as he sloppily eats pizza. The camera is pretty much sitting on the guy's top lip for about six minutes before the guy looks at at screen and realizes an asteroid is about to hit. I give it two stars only because of a moving scene on a beach between a daughter and father.
B000003337|2.0|The only merit in this album is that features Randy Rhoads. And you keep wondering how a guitarrist playing these silly, cheesy, pop and commercial &quot;metal&quot; songs could hide inside himself the genius later revealed when he played alongside Ozzy Osbourne ... Amazing !  The songs in this album are glam of the worst kind, wiht a few good chorus along the way.
B00004X01U|1.0|Although  this CD is called `Music'   what you are listening is not Music. This CD can be classified under the Software section rather than the Popular Music Section
B00003652R|5.0|Forget labels, titles or formulas: progressive, hard, metal, hardccore, etc.. THis CD by Marillion is simply first-class music, a real musical journey, anchored in keyboards and in a conceptual theme. Amazing, unforgetable and standing the test of time.
0446608955|5.0|I usually don't write reviews, but for this book I HAD to, it was so gripping, an everlasting love story filled with the depth of human heart and emotions. Out of all the books I've ever read this is my absoulute FAVORITE. This story is a masterpiece, written in a beautiful moving way, to touch even the hardest heart. A recommedation for any reader of both sexes, and for all ages.
B000001ELF|4.0|Fantastic songwriting, good old-fashioned hard-rock, precise playing. THis is in this package, full of great guitar work by charismatic ACE. The best solo album by Kiss'members.
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage against the machine's debut self entitled album is excellence all the way through. i recently got it [sad to say] after having evil empire and battle of los angeles. i loved those two and having their first made the collection complete. i love rage and hope that they can continue to pump out great music like this cd for ever!!!!!!
0780631684|5.0|Yes, the body count is very high, the main reason why this movie was classified as a horror.  It deserves much more credit than that.  This movie was excellent.  It's nothing like any other horror flic.  You will be surprised, a little scared, and cheering at the same time.  After seeing this one, all I could think was &quot;wow.&quot;  Seeing is believing
B00000IAU3|5.0|My husband bought this for me when I became obsessed with the song Here With Me. But the song Thank You, just now getting airplay in the Boston area, is worth the purchase price alone. This is the perfect soundtrack for a long drive.
0790736314|5.0|For pure visceral, kick-you-in-the-gut shocking horror, no movie comes close to the power of this expertly made thriller from 1973.  While the &quot;version you've never seen&quot;, currently in theatres, features the brief &quot;spider-walk&quot;, for my money, the original director's cut is infinitely better.  The performances are uniformly superb, from Ellen Burstyn's harrowing actress-mom, to Jason Miller's haunted priest, to Max Von Sydow's (he was only 41 at the time of filming!)compelling exorcist.  The suspense is built with no thumping soundtrack, and no sophisticated special effects, yet there are scenes in this movie that still practically invade your very soul.  Friedkin directs this movie with a no-fat, streamlined approach, and the feel is urgent, powerful, very &quot;now&quot;, despite the slight distraction of 70s costuming.  It is difficult to believe this move passed the censors back then; it probably would not today.  And to top it all off, the story, a fantastical demonic possesion thriller dressed up like a faith diatribe, has an undeniable power, and makes you think.  It is hard to shake this movie, and certain images will haunt you for a long long time. For real fans, this collector's edition comes with a fascinating documentary that is much, much more interesting than the flat scenes currently on display in the movie theatres, which were best left on the cutting room floor.
B000003CMB|5.0|Important info needs to be included in the amazon review. The  Allmans had toured prior to this as the Allman JOys and Hour Glass. This lp is brilliant for its takes of the blues cuts and its improvisational style but not really surprising . They had indeed paid their dues and it shows with the cuts Whippin Post , Liz Reed, Statesboro Blues and more . They also have a cut on Isle of Wight and Atlanta live Lp. They were very hot doing these cuts and are now getting the acclaim that at first was  hard to come by and sometimes forgotten after the deaths of Duane and Berry Oakley. For the new fan look for Dickie Betts solo lps such as Atlanta Burning Down as he said &quot;the closest thing to winning is losin and sometimes it gets so confusin&quot;. Very good music. I see Coltrane influences in the jams.
B00003CXDG|1.0|One of the worst movies I've seen this year, weak script, weak story, stupid camera angles, about 500billion close-ups, the climbing scene wasn't nothing spectacular, only the little motorcycle chase at the end was a bit entertaining but the rest of the movie pure junk. It had a budget of 125 Million dollars!  Where did the money go?  And this is the #1 movie of 2000 and has grossed over 500M worldwide!  What world is this!
0671027344|5.0|i bought this book on a whim one day 'cause i had read about it and heard it was really good. i didn't read it right away 'cause i was reading other stuff but when i finally read it i was blown away. even though i'm not as much of a loner as charlie is, i could still identify with a lot of the stuff he was feeling and going through. the love for his friends and the feeling of being &quot;infinite&quot; made me think of the special times i had with my friends, who also have moved and gone to college. i even made my boyfriend (one of those friends) read it and he loved it too. personally i think everyone should at least try and read this book.
6300215717|5.0|For all that Audrey Hepburn was graceful and ethereal, there was something charmingly blunt and unrefined about her too. When she breaks down in bed in ROMAN HOLIDAY, or chuckles nervously before the Mouth of Truth, or awakens in a strange room, she puts something earthy into her emoting that many actresses of the era would have avoided. I think that's what sets her above those contemporaries whose delicacy was more one-dimensional.<br />Gregory Peck is terrific here too. There are other stars who would have been more convincing as a roguish reporter, but I can't think of any who would have been as striking. If I'm not mistaken, this is the first of only three comedies he ever made, and when he tries in all his dignity to squirm out of a lie in front of his boss, he's fresh and funny in a way that William Holden or Cary Grant couldn't have been. The same goes even more for that scene with the camera and the little girl.<br />And Eddie Albert is so innocent and good-natured that his amorality can't keep me from wanting to hug him even when he tries to convince Peck to do something dastardly near the story's end.
0812580346|4.0|Although this isn't among Sawyer's best, the issue he raises is one worthy of further  discussion.  'Free will' remains one of the most compelling of human ideas.  With geneticists  demonstrating the impetus given our behaviour by our DNA, what is inevitable and what is  left to chance?  What actually drives our behaviour and how far into the future might we be  able to predict?  If we can garner a glimpse of the future, will that future necessarily be fixed?  Sawyer gives us one means of assessing that question, although the technique he uses here is  questionable.  His resolution is far more mechanistic than anything even the sociobiologists have  suggested.<br />It's fascinating to read critiques of Sawyer's characterizations.  Depicting persona is easily  Sawyer's finest quality as a writer.  His characters may not be charming nor even heroic, but  they are certainly real people in every sense of the term.  Lloyd Simcoe [how Canadian!!] can  be readily condemned for his waffling, but the description of his mental gyrations are  portrayed with fidelity.  Theo's obsession with avoiding an untimely demise is hardly far- fetched under the circumstances.  Even Cheung, a man of vast wealth and power, while not  an original figure, is certainly conveyed from genuine models.  What person of his status  wouldn't undertake the realization of immortality if the chance presented itself?<br />Those critical of Sawyer's scientific basis are simplistic.  His science is sound, but shouldn't be  taken as providing any final resolution to the many questions he raises.  The issues remain  open until we've delved much further into ourselves and the universe around us.  The real  problem with this story is Sawyer's ultimate acceptance of the Frank Tipler model of the  future of humanity.  Humans appear wholly incapable of envisioning that along with the rest  of the animal kingdom we will go extinct.  This is particularly amazing in view of the fact that  we seem to be bringing that about ourselves.  The Dyson sphere is a human-centred idea  overlooking the diversity of life on this planet.  A beautiful idea, but one dooming the  remaining life on our world.  Could we truly become immortal in such an environment?t about ourselves.  The Dyson sphere is a human-centred idea  overlooking the diversity of life on this planet.  A beautiful idea, but one dooming the  remaining life on our world.  Could we truly become immortal in such an environment?
B00000I924|4.0|while its true that this latest album of jeff's might take a few listons for the uninitiated, for me , it struck me over the head immediately. some would say that jeff's sold out to techno. i say the man continues to try new things unlike the people he came up with (page, clapton, richards, etc.) while he may not suceed 100% all the time (who does?), nonetheless, this is a most satisfying release. i still listen to it to this day.  hmmmm, i sure would like to hear those lukather cutting room floor tapes, oh well, i guess another 10 years will tell.
6305903182|5.0|i am an unabashed fan of the scream series &amp; would doubtlessly have bought this DVD whether I like the movie or not.  Fortunately it is an excellent affair &amp; surprisingly goes against the traditional grain &amp; reputation of series movies declining in quality with each one that is made (Hallowe'een/Jaws etc).<br />What makes this movie is its sheer shock value.  Guts &amp; gore have been sacrificed for a sassy script and a thrill a minute suspense ride where everyone is a suspect.<br />While the original cast are there (Arquette/Campbell/Cox Arquette) and give tour de force performances as ingenu/pained victim/bitchy reporter, hats go off to duplicate performers taking the characters' role in the Stab 3 mise en abime movie, and we vigilantly observe and wonder who gets it next.<br />Parker Posey is absolutely sensational as Cox-Arquette's double and the pair explode on screen with sharp dialogue and physical acting which do not so much displace the horror as become a disturbing stimulant, like citrus juice on a cut.  Oh yes that powerful.<br />The conclusion as ever is unexpected, and well worth the surprise.<br />Extras are not too bad either, although do not make the DVD purchase essential, but a nice touch.
B00004U8VN|4.0|This is a significant CD of Bossa Nova classics.  Performers are top-notched saxophonist Stan Fetz, guitarist and vocalist Joao Gilberto and pianist Antonio Carlos Jobim.  Orchestration is perfect and couldn't be done better.  Recorded in 1963, remastered and released in 1998, it added to the popularity of Astrud Gilberto, who held a concert in 1996.  This CD is a must-have for all jazz lovers and beginners.
0156421178|5.0|As a Spaniard, I have been deeply impressed by this book. My grandparents, who had to struggle for life during this period of Spanish history and somehow managed to survive, had told me many tales about the unjustice, suffering and madness of this war. When I first read this book, I could feel the same fears, the same confusion, the same pain.<br />The book is superbly written and is really entertaining, despite the sad facts that it represents. I found especially interesting the description of the Barcelona fightings, as well as the detailed account of trench war. The two appendices are very enlightening regarding the fight among the various political organizations and the evidence that the Spanish republican government was completely abandoned by the rest of Western governments (something that we Spaniards had to suffer from for almost 40 years!)<br />This book is a must-read!
B000001DTM|5.0|There is no doubt that albums such as Nirvana'a &quot;Nevermind&quot; and Pearl Jam's &quot;Ten&quot; were amazing pieces of work with substantial cultural influence. But while these albums may match &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; in terms of raw emotion, they simply cannot compete when it comes to musical complexity or variety. I don't think we will ever hear an album quite like this one. This is a very talented, emotional, and creative band at its absolute peak. It covers such a wide range of emotions and images that simply listening to it all the way through will actually drain you. U2 put this this album out when the grunge scene was just starting to hit big, yet this album is far superior to any in that genre. It is also much more predictive. U2 hit on electronica with this album about 5 or 6 years before we saw this type of music come to the forefront in America. Bands today such as Radiohead and even the Deftones derive a lot of their sound from experimentation that began with this album. Can you name an accomplished band that has put out an album that includes dance songs (Mysterious Ways, Even Better Than The Real Thing), ballads (One, So Cruel), classic rock (Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses), and hard-edged acid-rock (The Fly), yet all the while maintaining a consistent theme (which is obsession) throughout?  Of all the bands in the past 20 years, only Radiohead has even approached this type of mastery. I am personally of the opinion that this album and the under-appreciated &quot;Zooropa&quot; paved the way for Radiohead's last two works (OK Computer and The Kid A). U2's effects-laden desperate bombast is all over Radiohead's work (not to take ANYTHING away from Radiohead...every band has its influences).<br />As good as all those songs are, it's really the last three songs on the album that will truly blow your mind and reveal the latent darkness behind this work. Ultraviolet, Acrobat, and Love is Blindness are probably the most desperate songs I have ever heard.  Bono has never sang better, and the Edge has never played with so much inspiration this side of All I Want is You. Apparently The Edge's divorce had a huge influence on the tone of this work. Lyrically this is U2's best work,w ith only The Joshua Tree even coming close. Religious and sexual imagery abound, and the juxtaposition of these two themes works for U2 even though it has failed with so many other bands. That's probably you know that U2 isn't f'ing around here; anyone who knows U2 at all knows that religion is a big deal to them.  <br />This album has a special place in my heart because it's the first album I ever really listened to all the way through. I was about 13 or 14 when I really started playing this album a lot, and was just beginning to learn about what is love is, and how much it can hurt to want something so bad and not be sure that you can ever get it. Although I'm eight years older now, the themes of this album still hit home pretty hard. I know it sounds realy strange, but I almost feel like U2 taught me a lot of what love is about, through their lyrics and blatant emotion. <br />In conclusion, this album hits on so many different levels. It has songs that are instant gratification, tunes that are slightly brooding, and those rare gems that you have to think about for a long time to get to the bottom of. Make no mistake, this is a theme album (the band has said as much, I'm not making this up).  The story begins with a hopeful protagonist believing he is ready for the future (Zoo Station: &quot;I'm ready...ready for what's next&quot;), slowly descends into a study of the hero's slightly dark soul, and ultimately ends with his downfall. His dream has been shattered and the object of his love (and obsession) is gone, and all he can hope for now is the release of death (Love is Blindness: &quot;Won't you wrap the night around me?&quot;).  Nothing is this original, even The Beatles' Revolver or Sgt. Pepper's.  The Wall, Darkside of the Moon,Who's Next, The Doors,  Zep 4, Synchronicity...that's all that stands up against this, seriously.
6305971935|4.0|The Philadelphia Experiment, based on a true story, was a military experiment in WWII. The idea was to make a battle ship, stationed in Philadelphia, invisible for the enemies and radars. But the mission failed and two sailers make a time travel in our present.<br />I like time travel science fiction movies. The movie has very good actors (Michael Pare and Nancy Allen), an exciting plot and an interesting soundtrack.<br />The executive producer was John Carpenter and you will remark his present in the movie making.
0671034065|4.0|I've long been a fan of Linda Howard's work -- since her category romance days.  At first I mourned her move from romance to romantic suspense but I needn't have worried. She's able to give readers nail-biting suspense while not ignoring the romantic aspect of the story.  <br />Jaine and Sam are a great couple -- a favorite scene has Sam - naked - in his home and Jaine unable to take her eyes off him - even as she is calling him to tell him he should close his curtains.<br />The premise of the media frenzy over four co-workers' list of attributes for the perfect man makes interesting reading.<br />I would recommend this more for women readers; men may enjoy it as well.
0783235380|4.0|The plot:Two days before the wedding of Ben`s(Ben Affleck in a charming performance) has problems with his recent almost small plane crash in New York City. Now stranded in NYC and he has to be Savannah before the wedding, against his better judgment, the groom-to-be hitches a ride with a wild free-spirited woman named Sarah(Sandra Bullock)and it turns out to be the most remember &amp; most riotous road trip of thier lives. Bullock is a lot of fun in the movie and an fun performance for the actress.<br />DVD has an Good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround and Widescreen Transer is also good. Also features in the DVD`s like Behind the scenes featurette and Deleted Scenes. Grade:B+.
B00003XB8K|2.0|I'm a big, fat Enigma fan. Yes, yes I am. And not even this fuming heap of an album will change my mind.<br />I like the recurring O Fortuna theme. It's cathedralic in classic fashion: good. Lovely. But where the *heck* did the cheesy affirmations in the second track come from? &quot;Don't accept average habits&quot;? Couldn't they have said it in French, at least? It's positively embarassing to listen to, even with no-one else in the room. And that embarassment lingers with one throughout the rest of the obviously lackluster album, making it difficult to relax into the trademark Enigma meditative state. <br />Yes, I'll buy the next album. I've got them all, why break the chain? Why let this unfortunate rotten dumpling in the rich multicultural stew that is Enigma spoil my entire opinion? I won't hold it against them, and neither should you. Nail the pretty CD picture--in the case, with CD included--to your wall. And wait it out.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I bought this DVD on 23rd September in France (the identical DVD to this one). I was extremely pleased with this DVD. I have been a fan of this film for as long as I remember, and I thought I'd never get a copy of it when the VHS edition went out of print. And then they released this DVD! The special features are amazing. The menu on the first DVD is really well done and funny. Tim Curry delivers an amazing performance as Dr Frank 'n' Furter. In fact, all of the cast is good! As I said, the special features are amazing, and it's clear that a lot of effort was put into the making of the DVD. If you are a fan of this movie, buy this DVD. If you aren't, buy it anyway!
B00000K19E|3.0|All my friends really love the Matrix. Having seen it recently, I find it hard to like. The plot is something that I could have written on a boring history class , and the pacing is not done very well. On the other hand, the film has some beautiful special effects(you can see the influences of Hong Kong action films and japanese anime). But they cannot hide the fact that its basically just an unoriginal film made with lots of money. I saw Blade Runner recently and it showed that a film can have beautiful visuals and interesting content.
6303212263|5.0|The amazing thing about Superman the movie was its timing at a point during the Carter malaise when America needed to be reminded that we are at our best when we stand for the truth and take our lumps. What the film does is take you on a roller-coaster ride of time and space to re-establish Superman in the present-day--this is necessary for us to &quot;believe a man can fly&quot;. We certainly needed this done for us in 1978 when we were fed a steady diet of &quot;limits&quot; and &quot;can't do&quot;.<br />The beauty of the film is how the movie has an ambitious agenda and it doesn't flinch and be content to stop; when Superman arrives into the city he immediately responds to a flurry of crises as a real super-hero or a real leader would. The most amazing scene is when Superman Christopher Reeve flies into Lois Lane's upper floor apartment without a camera cut and converts into Clark Kent, or was it vice-a-versa? Either way I can't see any breaks in the action. As his reputation for goodness spreads, his leadership is challenged by a cunning criminal played by the incomparable Gene Hackman. Lex Luthor figures out that Superman can't be in two places at once, and gives him an impossible disaster to prevent, when the choice he makes results in the woman he loves dying, you realize the extent Superman is willing to go to protect us. That's what we admire and respect in a leader.<br />I like what happens next. Its been repeated since in other films in other ways, but Superman refuses to accept the triumph of evil and wills Lois Lane back to life, and its true in so many instances in real life that if you are refuse to give in to defeat, regroup and take another stab at the problem afresh goodness will triumph in the end. Superman reminds us if we are Superhuman beings we will have a life full of challenges, and by helping other people we will be at our best. This is the central paradox, some say a &quot;menage a trois&quot;: Lois Lane loves Superman when he really is Clark Kent; when she overcomes her cynicism in later films to realize that its possible for Clark Kent to be Superman its a wonderful thing. Like the film, &quot;Its a wonderful life&quot; the Clark Kents of this world who keep it together for little reward or fanfare are the real super heroes!Clark Kent; when she overcomes her cynicism in later films to realize that its possible for Clark Kent to be Superman its a wonderful thing. Like the film, &quot;Its a wonderful life&quot; the Clark Kents of this world who keep it together for little reward or fanfare are the real super heroes!
6300213803|5.0|This is the second best film in the TREK series (STAR TREK VI: THE UNDISCOVERED COUNTRY is the best). Wonderfully made, the film finally started taking on new storylines, instead of borrowing from the original series (which they did for the phenomanally successful STAR TREK: THE MOTION PICTURE). Khan is still, in my opinion, one of the greatest foes Kirk ever had to face. The only downfall: Spock dies. I was unhappy at first. But when they brought him back in STAR TREK III: THE SEARCH FOR SPOCK, I really didn't mind. This film is for all of them TREK fans out there. Beam up this movie today! Grade: A+
6305176299|5.0|Who would have thought that the monosyllabic Keanu Reeves could pull off an action role. (Okay, Stallone has made a career of it.) But the heart and soul of this movie lies with then unknown Sandra Bullock. It is her Annie who really tells this story. Reeves is just along to do the stunts.<br />Make no mistake about it... this is no great drama. Just get out the popcorn, sit back and enjoy.
B00004TVV1|5.0|This is a recording you must have.It's Duke &amp; Satchmo the most important people of (American music) and probably the most important of the old millenium together.If you listen to or collect great music ya gotta have a copy of Azalea.It is amazing!
B000002JEV|5.0|I wasn't even born yet when these performances took place, so there aren't that many other places where I could have heard this band's live material.<br />To me, Led Zeppelin's BBC Sessions really pointed to the studio skill of Jimmy Page.  Live, without the benefit of overdubbing, Zeppelin's music is not quite as good.  Robert Plant, obviously, couldn't afford to cut loose his highest registers for fear of losing his voice before the concert/broadcast is done, and since Zeppelin didn't use hired rhythm guitarists, when Jimmy Page rips into his solos, there's no rhythm-guitar support, which takes away from some of the crunch of the songs.  Honestly speaking, I don't think there's any version on this set that surpasses the original recordings.<br />But that's not the point, is it?  The fact is, BBC Sessions is an excellent representation of the band's history.  Only after listening to that stripped-down version of &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;, or the 15-minute wank of &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot; (which doesn't come off well as a listening experience, though live audiences in its time mostly loved it), the noisy &quot;Communication Breakdown&quot;.  It's all testament to how great a job Jimmy Page did on crafting those Zeppelin albums.  Musically speaking, the Zeppelin backbeat (hailed by many as the best of all time) of John Paul Jones and John Bonham is the only part that didn't suffer, coming off powerful and funky.<br />Just from a musical standpoint, BBC Sessions isn't the greatest piece of the Zeppelin history.  Nevertheless, it's the closest I've ever come to seeing this band live, and its existence only augmented my appreciation of Zep's studio catalogue.
6305842442|5.0|Where can I get a copy of the &quot;origional cut&quot; of Blade Runner on VHS or DVD.  I seem to only find the Directors cut.
6300216802|4.0|The journey that began the successful STAR TREK movie franchise is a glorious, but somewhat slow, beginning. The visual effects were top of the line for its time (they must have thought the same with STAR TREK V: THE FINAL FRONTIER). With its huge budget, and a storyline taken from the original series, this one is a journey that all TREK fans will want to experience again and again, Grade: A
B00004WKII|5.0|What's wrong with some of these comments by fans, like scratches on the box, get a life!! or &quot;purple fraud-rehash of someone's bad trip!&quot; is that a comment by a TRUE hendrix fan, or a imposter keeping the &quot;drugged hendrix&quot; myth alive. I just got into Hendrix a few years ago, I was heavily into rap and hip hop and thought nothing of hendrix but more than a mere &quot;Uncle Tom&quot; playing for the white folks. After reading numerous biographys, articles and buying every CD available, not only have I become a fan of Hendrix's music and developed a great appreciation for the man, he is definitely a genius and deserves all the respect and attention that Elvis and the Beatles receive, I have come to appreciate different types of music, along with guitar playing. I also know great music when I hear it, and this set has it. It is everything that is was billed to be. Because of all the bootlegs, bad and good, that have been circulating this is a great effort to keep the greatest guitarist, virtuoso, and composer's musical legacy alive. There really are different version(takes)of songs, people need to listen better before making ignorant comments. Sweet Angel version is on South Saturn Delta. Of course, some live recordings have been heard before on different albums but those albums are no longer available, and to a fairly new fan who at the time was only two years old when Hendrix died, I am unable to get those recordings.  Any true Hendrix fan should have this set, it's a must. And to all those so called fans, haters and critics alike who are more concerned with how many drugs hendrix took, his so called &quot;drug overdose&quot; and pity things like &quot;scratches on a box set&quot;, stop your hatin'! LONG LIVE THE KING, Hendrix that is.
B00004X01U|4.0|After &quot;Ray of Light,&quot; I was doubtful that Madonna would ever repeat the success of that album again. Guess I was wrong! &quot;Music &quot; is not necessarily better than Ray of Light, but extremely different. I felt like on &quot;Ray of Light&quot; she was bridging a gap between techno and pop and this album has a more techno feel. <br />It really grows on you. At first, I thought it sucked, but if you listen from it from beginning to end and it is very cohesive. The best songs are &quot;I Deserve It,&quot; &quot;Amazing,&quot; &quot;Music,&quot; and &quot;What It Feels Like For a Girl&quot;<br />It is FAR superior to any release that's out there right now, especially Barenaked Ladies' Maroon... If you want GREAT music, buy Madonna's &quot;MUSIC&quot;
6301773551|5.0|Star Wars has everything you could possibly want in a film.  The story is set amidst a battle of good against evil, the plucky and righteous forces of the republic versus the evil and sadistic forces of the empire.  The good guy is a young good looking dreamer who just wants to join the battle for democracy, while the bad guy is a black clad half-human half-robot with dark powers, and with the classiest face mask you've ever seen!  It's got a love triangle, sword play, dog fights in space, humour, torture, a great escape, old enemies fighting to settle an ancient score.... it just goes on and on!<br />But on top of all this stuff of classic stories, it's also a great science fiction story, with dorky robots, exploding planets, lightsabres, spaceships, big furry aliens, not to mention the deathstar and the force!  <br />Star Wars was the first really big science fiction film, and led the way for all the other great sci-fi that came along in it's wake.  Just think of Terminator, Alien, Close Encounters, Predator, Jurassic Park, not to mention the resurgence of Star Trek and the resultant flood of sci-fi on tv.  Star Wars made sci-fi into a marketable commodity, and boy did it take off in a big way! It's not often you can point to a specific turning point in popular culture, but that's exactly what Star Wars was.<br />But for me, though, it was the first film I saw in a cinema, a present for my tenth birthday.  Perhaps it's a bit wimpish to call it magical, but that's what it was!  Everything was so cool!  A couple of things really stood out though.  Light sabres - surely the coolest weapon ever.  Darth Vader - a baddie you could really sink your teeth into, all that black leather, the cape, the mask, the voice.  Wow!  R2-D2 - a robot's robot, cute, funny, but clever and steadfastly loyal.  Suddenly, every kid was covering cardboard tubes with tinfoil and having mock battles, or else breathing funny and trying to strangle people by pure force of will, or maybe just whistling and tootling a lot!  I was already reading science fiction by then, but to see it come alive on the screen, so realistic, the effects so good (they still look good even now), the story so interesting, it was just a dream come true!<br />Star Wars is an excellent film, a classic of science fiction.  The effect it had on popular culture, and especially on science fiction in the cinema and on tv, will never be surpassed.  If you haven't seen it by now, well it's not too late.  Watch, and prepare to be a kid again.
0156421178|5.0|The Spanish Civil War was the defining moment of the 1930s for most European intellectuals. The impact of Franco's attempted coup was comparable to the effect of Pearl Harbour on Americans. For the first time, an illegal Fascist attempt to seize power had been stopped in its tracks by an armed working class. For many intellectuals (like the poet W.H. Auden), the brutality and cynicism often displayed of both sides caused them to swear off politics permanently. Orwell was not one of those - however, it opened his eyes to the dangers of Stalinist Communism as well as Fascism. One can see the seeds of '1984' and 'Animal Farm' in the account of the suppression of the Catalan 'Trotskyists'(so-called) by the  Communist-controlled state. This experience made Orwell what he became - a socialist who thought that state-control might solve the problems of poverty, but who feared the tyranny such state-control would bring in its wake. Orwell never seemed to decide which he believed in the more - socialism or intellectual liberty, something which made him describe himself once as a 'Tory Anarchist'. He never came up with a solution to what could be called the key problem of the 20th century, however it is the way he posed the problem that is important. As someone who is the only author in English read by every dissident behind the old Iron Curtain, his place as a defender of freedom is secure. In another sense, this is a great book about the experience of men at war - to me it is as good as any of the memoirs that have come out of Vietnam or World War II like William Herr's 'Despatches' or William Manchester's 'Goodbye, Darkness'. It can be appreciated without understanding the political background at all. Probably among the greatest of Orwell's longer works - its ranks alongside 'Animal Farm' and possibly ahead of '1984'.
B00003CXFG|1.0|sure it was a complete rip off of alien.  sure it had no real storyline original to itself.  I mean come on they were stranded on a planet with these creatures that looked like BATS!  Alien Scared me.  this movie made me toss and turn in my seat FROM BOREDOM.  this was one of the worst movies of 2000.  if you want a better version of this movie i must suggest Ridley Scott's Alien or James Cameron's Aliens.  these movies are far superior and scarier.  Pitch Black leaves you at the end like you are in complete darkness because their plot and substance goes nowhere.  Special effects are just like every other movie. good but no substance.  ...
B000001F8A|4.0|Alex stopped playing guitar after this one and MP.<br />Don't believe me?<br />Listen to every Rush CD after Permanant Waves and Moving Pictures. You'll hear nothing but effects and sustained chords, with none of the long note patterns that you hear on PW and prior recordings.<br />Excellent, but not a classic.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Star Wars has everything you could possibly want in a film.  The story is set amidst a battle of good against evil, the plucky and righteous forces of the republic versus the evil and sadistic forces of the empire.  The good guy is a young good looking dreamer who just wants to join the battle for democracy, while the bad guy is a black clad half-human half-robot with dark powers, and with the classiest face mask you've ever seen!  It's got a love triangle, sword play, dog fights in space, humour, torture, a great escape, old enemies fighting to settle an ancient score.... it just goes on and on!<br />But on top of all this stuff of classic stories, it's also a great science fiction story, with dorky robots, exploding planets, lightsabres, spaceships, big furry aliens, not to mention the deathstar and the force!  <br />Star Wars was the first really big science fiction film, and led the way for all the other great sci-fi that came along in it's wake.  Just think of Terminator, Alien, Close Encounters, Predator, Jurassic Park, not to mention the resurgence of Star Trek and the resultant flood of sci-fi on tv.  Star Wars made sci-fi into a marketable commodity, and boy did it take off in a big way! It's not often you can point to a specific turning point in popular culture, but that's exactly what Star Wars was.<br />But for me, though, it was the first film I saw in a cinema, a present for my tenth birthday.  Perhaps it's a bit wimpish to call it magical, but that's what it was!  Everything was so cool!  A couple of things really stood out though.  Light sabres - surely the coolest weapon ever.  Darth Vader - a baddie you could really sink your teeth into, all that black leather, the cape, the mask, the voice.  Wow!  R2-D2 - a robot's robot, cute, funny, but clever and steadfastly loyal.  Suddenly, every kid was covering cardboard tubes with tinfoil and having mock battles, or else breathing funny and trying to strangle people by pure force of will, or maybe just whistling and tootling a lot!  I was already reading science fiction by then, but to see it come alive on the screen, so realistic, the effects so good (they still look good even now), the story so interesting, it was just a dream come true!<br />Star Wars is an excellent film, a classic of science fiction.  The effect it had on popular culture, and especially on science fiction in the cinema and on tv, will never be surpassed.  If you haven't seen it by now, well it's not too late.  Watch, and prepare to be a kid again.
B00004KD1L|3.0|While Groove Armada's release &quot;Vertigo&quot; is a good, pleasant album to listen to, it's far from its ratings.  I think there is a lot of confusion here between style and content.  It's hip, it's funky, and it's fun with attitude, but it lacks inner creativity.  It's obvious they the artists are trying &lt;&lt;really&gt;&gt; hard on this one.  I'd much rather be listening to Moby's &quot;Play&quot; or Bent's &quot;Programmed to Love.&quot;  Sometimes you gotta draw the line on hype and pretense.  My pencil has marked it.
B000002G26|5.0|This album is absolutely wonderful! I love it. It has Bryan's best hits: &quot;Heaven&quot;, &quot;Run To You&quot;, &quot;Summer of 69&quot;, &quot;This Time&quot;, &quot;Cuts Like A Knife&quot;, &quot;Somebody&quot; and &quot;Please Forgive Me&quot;. I'm a little disappointed that &quot;There Will Never Be Another Tonight&quot; and &quot;Thought I'd Died &amp; Gone To Heaven&quot; weren't included on there since they were big radio singles too. But atleast all his other best hits are included, including the rare track &quot;Heat of the Night&quot;. He is a very talented musician; he composes his own songs, sings and plays musical instruments. Saw him in concert one time and he put on an unforgettable, incredible, high-energy performance. Even though this song is not on the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; CD, I just want to mention that I love the song &quot;Let's Make A Night&quot;. It's a touchy, beautiful ballad. It came out several years later but it's awesome too.  Hope Bryan releases another new album soon..since pop music has really made a big comeback, it would be great to hear him perform more songs like from his 80's and early 90's albums. I think the fans would welcome him back with open arms.
0425170349|5.0|Tom Clancy's book Rainbow Six is a GREAT book.  It has a lot of action in it and really has a good plot.  Part of the reason it is so good is because it really hits home that it is possible that it could happen in the world today.  Also, the characters are very well thought up and you really get to know them.  I think it is great how they solve the problem about the international laws at the end of the book.  Overall, this was a great book that I just could not put down.  So my suggestion is to read it as soon as you can.
6305810109|4.0|This film was really all about family, what it means (or should mean) and what you should be willing to do to get it back.  Alvin sets out to visit his estanged brother over 300 miles away on a lawnmower - the only vehicle he can drive - taking him over a month to cover the distance.  <br />I suppose he wanted to get there his own way, and perhaps to show his brother just how much making up meant to him.  It would be very easy to hop on a bus and make an effort, but that wouldn't exactly require 100% commitment, would it?  Alvin is obviously out to prove something, to his brother, to himself, and to the world.<br />Along the way he meets various people.  He helps some, is helped by others, and simply reminisces with yet more.  As he goes along, you get to know him as a gentle, kind old man, with watery eyes and a penchant for wieners.  Richard Farnsworth does a great job in this role, and is very convincing.  Sissy Spacek is also good , she plays a slightly retarded and troubled daughter.  <br />You can tell that this is a true story from the way Alvin's quest to visit his brother has a false start.  That kind of thing only happens in real life, if this was a script, a writer would have smoothed that kink out right from the start.  <br />Lynch, the Director, does a good job in portraying the vast expanse of the distance that Alvin has to cover, but I thought he could have done better at giving an indication of how long the journey took.  There were lots of shots of Alvin chugging along, but you didn't know if they were all in the same day or week or month or what - thus the dropped star.<br />Overall, this is a very nice film, one for a cold night in, relaxing by the fire.
079073463X|5.0|This is probably, of all my favorite 80s fantasy movies, the best of them all. This movie has everything: adventure, romance, tragedy, comedy, true love, evil, and redemption. This is a masterpiece. A true masterpiece.<br />A young thief named Phillipe Gaston &quot;the Mouse&quot; escapes from Aquila, the fortress-like city belonging to its corrupt Bishop. He roams along the countryside, until he runs into some of the men sent out to hunt for him. But a mysterious man, Captain Etienne Navarre, appears and rescues him. Navarre is a mysterious, lonely man whose only companion is a lovely hawk he has with him always, and who needs Phillipe's help.<br />That night, as they stay in a farmer's barn, Phillipe sees a wolf and a beautiful young woman outside--but the woman vanishes during the day, as Navarre vanishes during the night. Phillipe soon discovers the tragic reason why the two cannot be together: they are cursed--he is a wolf at night and she a hawk by day. As animals, neither is sentient, so they don't remember anything that the other says or does. Their only glimpses of each other are as they transform at the end and beginning of days.<br />This could have been very depressing, but Matthew Broderick's unusualy humor makes it funny at time. As a seemingly honorless young thief, Phillipe talks to God frequently and, as he learns to help others, becomes a better person. The big-brother-little-brother relationship that seems to form between him and Navarre is particularly endearing.<br />I fell in love with Rutger Hauer in this movie, as the stalwart, tragic knight Etienne Navarre. Hauer's rugged good looks are only a small part of his appeal--extremely expressive eyes and his quiet voice add to it. He's the knight every women dreams of. The part where he watches the wounded Isabeau plummet to the ground and murmurs, &quot;No...&quot;, the part where he tenderly holds one of her dresses, and the scene where he and Isabeau have a brief glimpse of each other as humans are his finest moments.<br />Michelle Pfeiffer, whom I had only seen in &quot;Age of Innocence&quot; before, is perfect as the lovely lady Isabeau. Though she plays an innocent and sweet person, Pfeiffer shows that Isabeau is also a strong and brave one. Together, she and Hauer are so convincing that you'll find yourself with tears in your eyes.<br />Leo McKern is a very rough jewel in this movie. Playing the tormented old priest, Imperius, who committed a mortal sin by betraying the lovers, he is alternately amusing, haunted, and grim. Though definitely not as handsome as Hauer or Broderick, he is no less convincing and just as good an actor.<br />There's no nudity or gratuitous violence in this movie, although there IS violence. There is a bit of swearing (nothing worse than &quot;damn you to hell,&quot; meant literally) and references to a &quot;dark side&quot; bishop who is in love with Isabeau.<br />Although I do wonder: Evidently clothes vanish if Isabeau or Navarre transform while wearing them. Then how did Navarre manage to dress himself, scamper up a rock ledge, and fire his crossbow only seconds after sunset, if he woke up nude the day after? (Never mind me, I'm just nitpicking)<br />The characters are set in a land of lush fields, beautiful mountains, fortresses and ruined castles, forests and midnight thunderstorms. The costumes are beautiful and simple, from Imperius's rags to Navarre's black armor to the bishop's stark white robes.<br />Anyhow, this movie is a must see--it has something for everyone. You'll come away from it feeling a little richer in spirit.are his finest moments.<br />Michelle Pfeiffer, whom I had only seen in &quot;Age of Innocence&quot; before, is perfect as the lovely lady Isabeau. Though she plays an innocent and sweet person, Pfeiffer shows that Isabeau is also a strong and brave one. Together, she and Hauer are so convincing that you'll find yourself with tears in your eyes.<br />Leo McKern is a very rough jewel in this movie. Playing the tormented old priest, Imperius, who committed a mortal sin by betraying the lovers, he is alternately amusing, haunted, and grim. Though definitely not as handsome as Hauer or Broderick, he is no less convincing and just as good an actor.<br />There's no nudity or gratuitous violence in this movie, although there IS violence. There is a bit of swearing (nothing worse than &quot;damn you to hell,&quot; meant literally) and references to a &quot;dark side&quot; bishop who is in love with Isabeau.<br />Although I do wonder: Evidently clothes vanish if Isabeau or Navarre transform while wearing them. Then how did Navarre manage to dress himself, scamper up a rock ledge, and fire his crossbow only seconds after sunset, if he woke up nude the day after? (Never mind me, I'm just nitpicking)<br />The characters are set in a land of lush fields, beautiful mountains, fortresses and ruined castles, forests and midnight thunderstorms. The costumes are beautiful and simple, from Imperius's rags to Navarre's black armor to the bishop's stark white robes.<br />Anyhow, this movie is a must see--it has something for everyone. You'll come away from it feeling a little richer in spirit.
B00003CX8J|5.0|WOW!  I really loved this movie!  I had been disappointed by other live-action and animated movies and shows in the past that portrayed other comic book heroes and failed miserably (except for Fox's X-Men cartoon which featured our favorite Cajun and other special guests).  However, this one definitely hits the mark, and I can't wait for the sequel.  I hope that the complete uncut version will make its way to DVD.<br />By the way, the opening of the movie left me speechless.  I could hardly breathe.  If I didn't believe I was going to have a wonderful 1.5 hours ahead of me, I was convinced by the end of the first sequence.
0812589041|5.0|This is simply the best book I've ever read and an absolute favorite.  It deserves all the recognition it gets and more.
6302763835|4.0|This is a classic 50's giant creepy crawly film, but with a good plot, and fab special effects.<br />The really good thing about this film, though, was the spider.  He starts off fairly small, but just keeps on growing, slowly but surely, eating bigger and bigger prey as he grows.  He didn't just expand miraculously before your eyes, he grew in a normal way, just faster and bigger.  Eventually he gets big, really big!  Not merely as big as a dog, or an elephant, but as big as a mountain!  <br />As often happens in sci-fi, you learn something while being scared.  In this case, you learn (if its really true, of course!) that spiders can walk up walls because they produce a kind of sticky goo at the end of their legs, and leave little &quot;footprints&quot; of this stuff behind.  Our colossal eight legger, being colossal, leaves footprints a couple of feet across, with a thick layer of this goo in each one.  Naturally enough, some poor eejit is wandring around the desert, oblivious to the fact that there's one hell of a big spider thudding aroung the place, spots a footprint, and bends down to have a look.  &quot;hmmm...what's this stuff?&quot; says Mr spider food, rubbing the goo between his fingers.  I'm sure you can guess what happens next.  Crunchy and messy.  Yum!<br />In the end, the jets get him, but it was enjoyable while it lasted.  I saw this film on TV when I was small and it frightened the shamrocks out of me!  I remember watching it from behind the couch, and apparently going all pale and nearly fainting at one stage!  If you want, you could see it as a warning of the unforseen consequences of scientific interference with the environment - maybe the film makers could see ahead to genetic engineering, global warming and ozone depletion!  But really, it's just a fab film, good for scaring little boys.  <br />If you're doing some babysitting and you want the little darlings to be scared into silence so you can get on with eating the pizza in peace, this is the one.
6304169558|5.0|This movie is not about storm chasers, but is a romance that involves two individuals, a tornado from one of the individuals childhood, and true love conquering human weakness.  Don't get me wrong, the movie is terribly cool with special effects, great music, and some major babes...Helen Hunt and Jamie Gertz.  Just see it, period.
0385474547|4.0|I just finished reading this book straight through during the course of last night, and I wholly object to the reviewer who said that it couldn't hold an avid reader's attention....<br />This book presents a portrait of Ibo culture that is sympathetic yet realistic, and a portrait of a man that is portrayed in much the same fashion. The back cover of the book compares this story to one of the classical Greek plays: perhaps this is because of the spartanness of the narrative shared by both; perhaps it is because in both that genre and this work, the main character has a tragic flaw that in the end brings their downfall. Aside from that, they aren't that similar..... excluding the fact that in both a world is portrayed that is very much NOT like our own....<br />I have a feeling that this work is often pigeonholed with other works about Africa written by predominantly black authors (either in Africa or amongst its diaspora). This is a better work than that: one can take more from it than something surmised as 'alternate' narrative. It is a well-written and constructed work that should earn its place in a human canon not just one of a particular substratum....<br />Who should read this book? Everyone who likes to read. It is a pretty, well-written story ASIDE from being about Africa in tribal times. Another book that is kind of contact literature-- when white folks come into common with other folks-- is Shisaku Endo's 'Silence': detailing missionary work and prosletizing of Christian missionaries in Japan. Hope someone reads it....
B00004YM0D|5.0|This soundtrack brings back memories from one of the best movies I have seen in along time. I was a teenager in the seventies and our music was the best. See the movie and buy the soundtrack, you'll love it, too.
B00000DHRX|5.0|George Michael is an amazing singer.  His voice is delicate and smooth, without lacking power. If you are looking for Wham! (I do love Wham!), this is not the CD for you.  George Michael proves his awesome solo career with this compilation (if you want Wham! get the import greatest hits album, it's great as well).  Every song on the Ladies and Gentlemen album is great.  My one complaint is that his performance of Nothing Compares 2 U  is not as emotionally charged as Sinead's.  But, other than that, the CD is incredible.  I really love the version of Don't let the sun go down on me, performed with Sir Elton Himself.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I'll start off by saying that this is, really a good CD. I mostly got it for the song &quot;Smooth&quot; which I  used to like and now I just think of it as...&quot;okay&quot;. But still, this CD offers a bunch of songs that I don't listen to that much, but are pretty good for what they are. This isn't one of my favorite CDs, but I'll put it on sometimes, and end up usually wearing out the stereo. But I do enjoy it. &quot;Maria, Maria&quot; is also a great song, and so are a lot of others, but as usual, I forget their names. For now, all I have to say is get this if you want. I don't think you'll be disappointed. Bye-bye.
B00000JGOH|3.0|It's an indication of just how low our expectations from film have become that a mildly pleasant diversion like SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE should be acclaimed as a major achievement. Presumably because it has actors who speak grammatical English as if they really are familiar with words longer than four letters, was directed by someone who knows where to put a camera, and has a script written by someone with a memory before, say, 1975, people feel obliged to hail it as a masterpiece. It isn't one, but at least you can watch it without feeling you have to get drunk afterwards. <br />SHAKESPEARE isn't a bad film. Aside from the sickly, syrupy music that suffocates like plastic wrap, it isn't cheap or shoddy. It's just that like most superficial works of art, it doesn't lend itself to repeated viewings. Watching a second time round, you might catch one or two inside references to Shakespeare's plays that you missed the first time. Once you've got all those, though, the conceit dries up pretty fast. If you've read or seen any of Stoppard's other work, you know that the script here isn't much more than a re-shuffle of a well-worn deck of cards. On the other hand, the script is the only thing that gives the film any distinction at all. <br />Let's not forget that this &quot;Hollywood&quot; film is in fact a BRITISH production, which is probably the most pathetic comment of all. Having beaten the seriousness out of native talent, the studios have to import it whenever they try to achieve a level of craftsmanship that they once would have taken as a given. In the thirties or forties, the studios could have made this in the blink of an eye. It would have cost fifty cents, would have featured bit players from the studio's stable of character actors, would have made the bottom half of a double-bill and would have been received exactly for what it was, a cinematic bon-bon. As long as you treat it in the same spirit, you won't be disappointed. If you recognize how exceptional such basic filmmaking competence has become, the film is deeply depressing.
0515125024|4.0|Steven Segal would be a great pick for the lead in a Jack Reacher series of movies.  Lee Child's hero is a good guy drifter who began life as an army brat and then grew up to become Militry Police.  He can shoot faster and straighter than all the bad guys.  Having been downsized out of the army where he had served with lots of status and recognition, he is now wandering around the United States trying to remain as ananomyous as possible.  In Die Trying he just happens to be walking by a dry cleaners as Holly Johnson, an injured FBI agent, stumbles out the door.  He catches the drycleaning and sets Holly back on her feet just as two kidnappers pull guns on them and force them into a waiting car.  Holly is the intended victim and she has some impressive connections which make everyone want to get her back unharmed.  Reacher was just in the wrong spot at the right time, and the kidnappers have no idea what a tiger they have captured.  Reacher and Holly are driven from Chicago to Montana to the headquarters of a para miliatary group planning to take over the United States.  This book bogs down a bit in the middle but is a fun read and worth sticking through to the end.  The plot is somewhat farfetched, but then so is the 6:00 news most nights.
068484267X|4.0|This book was a moving work of literature. It showed the hardships that the Irish had to go through. Frank made me feel as if I was there experiencing these hardships. From a heartless father to a sacrificing motheer who would give up her life to provide food for her family, Frank McCourt paints a vivid picture of what life for an Irish Catholic was really like.
B000002B7U|4.0|&quot;The Ultimate Sin&quot; is classic 80's metal. The sound quality improved from the previous album &quot;Bark At The Moon&quot; and the songwriting seems more cohesive as a whole. But it was also more commercial and followed along with the glitz and glam of the day. Because of this, it has to rank as Ozzy's most dated release. Forever stuck in that realm of time. Like &quot;Bark&quot; it has a couple of inferior tracks, but the rest are prime examples of 80's metal. Worth the price in my opinion.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Well first off, I own both of Britney's albums. Personally I think Oops!...I Did It Again is the better of the two. She definitaly has changed her sound. She may not have the vocal talents of Ala Christina Aguleria or Jessica Simpson but she uses the vocal talent she has, and she uses well. Now I will decifer each song for your enjoyment (LoL)<br />Oops!...I did it again (9/10) I really like this song. When I first heard it, I loved it. I think she should have used her voice more in this, but it's still good. I don't like the part in the middle. But, the video is great.<br />Stronger (8/10) I like how she mixed her talents in this. It's a good song. Too electronic though. (HINT: This is her next video single! )<br />Don't Go Knockin On My Door (9/10) Definitaly illestrates her new matureness. All R&amp;B! But the beat is awsome. I like it<br />I Can't Get No Satisfaction (1/10) I didn'y get any satisfaction from this song. I only like the part in the middle with &quot;this girl comes on and tells me&quot; she did that part well, the rest sucks though.<br />Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know (6/10) It's okay. But it's too country. I think it's pretty good though.<br />What U See Is What U Get (10/10) I Love it. She created a good song. Yes. Vocals are used well. Very Electronic, but this time it's for the better.<br />Lucky (9/10) AWSOME. I Love it. I like how she did the video.<br />One Kiss From You (8/10) It sounds kind of R&amp;Bish. Sounds like something Alliyah or Brandy might do. I like it though.<br />Where Are You Now (10/10) Wonder why I gave that a 10? She actually held a high note that Christina Aguleria might sing for 8 secounds. She's improving.<br />Can't Make You Love Me (8/10) I like it. Very Electronic. Her singing in this is pretty good<br />When Your Eyes Say It (7/10) It's Okay. I really don't care for it.<br />Dear Diary (2/10) Not Britney's finest hour as a singer, or co-writer. It's not very good. I would if I was her, of left it off the album.<br />Overall Oops...! I Did It Again is worth it. I can't wait till Stronger comes out on video!
B000002B7S|4.0|If I were to list Ozzy's solo albums from best to worst, they would pretty much be in the same order as they were released. Bark At The Moon, Ozzy's third offering, was remarkably good considering the circumstances. Having lost Randy, he not only losta great guitarist but a great songwriter/collaborator. Jake E Lee, Randy's replacement fell a little short in the songwriting department, and it shows with this album. The title track is the exception and is a staple of Ozzy's career. But there are a few tracks that don't quite make it, and ruin any chance of this being on par with his first two albums. Having said that, this album is classic 80's metal and is well worth the price.
0451191153|5.0|i have only on thing to say about this book, and it is that this is the best book i have ever read in my life.
B00000BKDS|4.0|I am not a Maiden purist, and am not of the opinion that Paul Di'Anno was the better vocalist. He was the first but certainly Dickenson has more musical talent. The first two albums were very similar. &quot;Killers&quot; is really part 2. The worst thing about the first two releases was most definitly the sound. Its obvious the producers were not taking the right approach, and is very unfortunate because it gives the albums a bland, 2-dimentional feel. &quot;Number Of The Beast&quot; in my opinion is when everything started coming together.&quot;Piece Of Mind&quot; is probably their masterpiece. After that it was downhill. The first two albums are indeed classics but fall a little short.
B000001FLA|1.0|Yngwie is really one of the most useless musicians in heavy rock music. Nothing thisguy has ever done seems to impress me, but every song has it's own seed of irritation. Very useless record. Only positive affect is that Yngwie this to the memory of Olof Palme, the best person to come out from Sweden since... well, ever... Gosh, stop that noise, will ya!?!
B00004U8P9|5.0|This movie was a stage musical BEFORE it was a movie, known then as &quot;The Rocky Horror Show.&quot;  If anyone thinks the movie is an experience just try to imagine all these events happening live on a stage, and not by amateurs in a movie theatre, but by real actors in real costumes singing and dancing these spaced out songs!  I saw a terrific stage production of this at the Empty Space Theatre in Seattle many years ago.  It was a wonderful experience in live theatre.  I've never been interested in the cult aspect of this film.  I just like the movie: it's fun, it's funny, and Tim Curry is simply INSANE!  However, for the REAL thing, see a professional production of the original musical on stage.  Unforgettable!
B000002NFM|3.0|...But Prodigy stais... right? Wrong. liam Howlett &amp;co. are clearly having some trouble putting out new material after this commercial blaster. So, this must be a revolutional masterpiece, which will stand as a milestone for decades, maybe even centuries ahead? Wrong again, I'm afraid. Nice album, though.  &quot;Firestarter&quot; spreaded Prodhysteria way before the release of this album, and the claustrophobic, arguably the best track of the album ,&quot;Breathe&quot; followed a while before the release of the album. But somehow it seems to have lost it's sharpest edge by now. I don't think it would be considered as great as it was during it's release. But still it deserves applauses for being a very daring and powerful techno album. Something of mirracle, to be honest. There aren't actually any real fillers on this album, so in that point of view, it is high quality music. It just doesn't cut as well as it used to. Still, glad I own it, I guess...
B00002MZ4W|3.0|I love Tidal, Fiona Apple's first cd but I am sad to say I have been disapointed with this one. I didnt really like any of the songs.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I was 1st introduced to Dido's music through a fan of the show Roswell. Since I heard the beautiful music to the song 'Here with Me,' I wanted to find out more about this artist. So, I went to Napster and downloaded Dido's 2 most talked about songs...Here With Me  and  Thank You. I immediately remembered the song 'Thank You' from the Eminem CD.  After that, I went out and bought the CD. When listening to Dido, you can expect yourself to get lost in her mystical world of music. Her voice is like that of an angel, and her songs are like sounds from heaven. My favorite songs off the CD are Here With Me, Hunter, All You Want, Thank You, Slide, Isobel, and I'm no Angel. When Dido created this CD she unleashed a music masterpiece that will remain a regular in my CD player.
B00004THAY|4.0|This is a great blues CD, but my favorites are a few songs that aren't in the strict-blues mold of the rest of the album: Marry You, I Wanna Be, and Come Rain or Come Shine. Their version of Hold on I'm Comin is nice, too, though the absense of the horns from the Sam and Dave version is a near-criminal oversight. (Seriously--I can't listen to that song without wishing they were there. What a missed opportunity!)  Still, if you like the blues, this is a fun, ridin-with-the-top-down CD.
6305897786|5.0|Firstly I should explain that this movie contains lots of details in it.It takes the viewers inside.Besides This movie is the the most interesting and confused movie I have ever watched.Strictly Recommended.
6300247120|5.0|This film is perhaps one of my favorite of all time.  It is a travesty that it has not yet been released on DVD.  I see films like Leonard Part VI and Showgirls arrive on the DVD shelf faster than this one.  Breaking Away was a masterpiece full of beautiful moving character portrayals.  How can it not be in print on DVD!<br />I cared for each and every character in this film, which tips you off to the fact that the development of each of these was enough to win Best Original Screenplay.<br />Come on folks if you've seen this film, and want it in your DVD library, E-mail the distributor.  This cinematic triumph deserves it.
0679441018|2.0|I was left wondering why Lestat was even in this tale.  The story seemed more about the Devil whining that God was an insensitive so &amp; so than a tale of the vampires I have grown to love.  Throughout my reading I was either bored, or (more often) offended.  I am not prudish, but I did not like the way the God I and many others believe in was reduced to an indifferent, bumbling fool.  I grew tired of Memnoch's retelling of the Biblical creation.  I kept wishing Lestat would do something other than go on and on about how beautiful the Devil looked.  Personally I think Anne Rice set Lestat up against God and the Devil because he had no other antagonists left.  What next, Lestat in space?
0767836324|5.0|I can still remember the day before New Year's Eve when I was in fourth grade. One of my friends wanted to take me to see a movie and I desperately wanted to see Hook. Those two and a half hours were magic for me way back then, and they still are. The acting is brilliant, the direction wonderful, and the music surprisingly powerful for a fairy tale. When I first saw Peter gain his happy thought and fly out of that tree, I wanted to jump up and scream, &quot;I knew you could do it!&quot; And you know what? I'm 18 now, and I still feel like doing that.
0553213105|4.0|it is a nice book for all age group.
6303020089|4.0|Since Star Wars, Ford has tried to shed the persona of his &quot;space cowboy,&quot; and tried roles from an archaelogist, all the way to becoming the Leader of the Free World.  However, &quot;The Fugitive&quot; has got to be one of his top 5.   After being accused of murdering his wife, Dr. Richard Kimball (Harrison Ford) escapes a closecall with a train.  After discovering Kimball and another fugitive may be alive, US Marshal Samuel Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones) begins a manhunt that leads to Chicago, where Ford is trying to track down the identity of his wife's murderer, as well as finding a strange twist.   The film has a solid script and delves into the chase as Gerard soon finds that Kimball may have been telling the truth (that is, if the Chicago Police don't find him first and kill him).  ford has a couple of close calls, and there the plot kind of goes a tad askew.   At some points, sevral areas are left wide open and Ford casually walks through a building's orthopedics clinic without even being noticed.  another slight skew is when Jones's character tracks down the other fugitive,seemingly deviating from the story of Richard Kimball.   In the end, it is a rather enjoyable movie, and James Newton Howards's Score is awesome to listen to riding the El trains.
0553213105|4.0|it is a nice book for all age group.
6305311463|5.0|The Criterion Collection release of Armageddon is a treat.  It offers 2 commentary tracks, one featuring the director Michael Bay, actors Bruce Willis and Ben Affleck.  Producer Jerry Bruckheimer has comments on several interesting things.  Affleck's commentary is sometimes very funny.  The other commentary track features the Director of Photography and special effects people.<br />The commentary includes interesting details, including background information on the characters and filming locations.  Note:  The commentary is raw and sometimes laced with profanity, although the movie itself is rated PG-13, for reasons explained in the commentary.<br />Although it's not much, this collection is also a Director's Cut and has a couple scenes added, notable of which is Harry Stamper's character visiting his father before launch.  Some other scenes are cut slightly differently, adding some depth to the story.<br />The Gag reel on the second disk is extremely funny, raw, and not your typical &quot;behind-the-scenes&quot; documentary.<br />The second disk also features a tremendous amount of information on the special effects and includes many different trailers and promo material.  The Aerosmith song video is also included.<br />While the story can be nit-picked, it's still very exciting and enjoyable.<br />Overall, if you liked the movie, the Criterion Collection release is the DVD to have.
6302043158|1.0|Don't worth buying this. You can call this thing (I say thing because it's not worth calling it anything else) a great loss of time and money for producer and custumers.
B000000H57|5.0|I have been following Type O for some time now, &amp; it seems to me that October Rust is their best work.  The group has such an erotic &amp; sensual sound to them.  I am pleased to say that this is one of my favorite CDs and will probably remain.
B000002UAR|5.0|I'm not trying to sell this CD and I already own it, but it is a must have! I first heard Revolver when I was 15 and it still sounds as good as it did then. The only other Beatles album that comes close is Sgt. Pepper.
0930289234|5.0|I mean, it's just ink on paper, just like a book, right?<br />Actually, it's much more than a book could ever be.  A picture is worth a thousand words, to quote the old saw, but only the right picture.  Watchmen is full of those right pictures.  To me, the most powerful image is when Rorschach encounters his younger self and understands.  The frame that shows his understanding is my favorite image.  It's worthless without the context, but priceless with it.<br />I understand why people feel there is a stigma associated with the comic as a medium.  People who might look down on the medium have obviously never read Watchmen.  People who have read Watchmen and still look down on the medium as a whole are probably take themselves a little bit too seriously.<br />The book offers a compelling alternate history.  Not only the large historical events, but the smaller ones mesh in.  The world is displayed in the history that is created, with the details in place.<br />In addition, there is a wealth of reference to other works, which is explained sufficiently to not lose the reader, or not central to the story.<br />Lastly, there is a commentary on the comic as a medium, wrapped around a story within the story as a whole.  The comic embedded in Watchmen is a powerful comic in and of it's own right, but pales next to the scope of Watchmen.<br />Many levels to read and enjoy, no matter what your interest.<br />Of course, as an Alan Moore story, it features amusing synchronicity between the background dialogue (TV, cutovers between scenes, etc.) and the main action, and a dark alternate future.<br />Reading in this day and age it is, of course, somewhat dated, as has been pointed out.  The Russians aren't exactly a military threat any more, nulclear war isn't something expected soon.  But human condition is human condition.  If Adrian can learn from Alexander, certainly we can appreciate things from the perspective of 15 years ago.<br />Lastly, Watchmen offers some of the best one-liners and short quotes you can find anywhere.<br />And Rorschach.  Insane, right-wing vigilante (lest you think it's a priori negative, he's the only one who escapes with his morals intact - although how you read it depends on how you view life - that is, are his morals worth keeping intact?), I find his journey from Kovacs to Rorschach to be fascinating, and the reasoning behind how he became Rorschach is an interesting insight into the human condition.<br />Actually, the book is so grey on so many things, it's really hard to characterize it as having a particular political agenda.  None of the characters are all good, and all bad.  Given the anti-war stance, it would probably be viewed as leftist.  I think it goes beyond simple politics in its treatment of those things.<br />Rorschach tells us, &quot;You don't understand. I'm not locked in here with you.  You're locked in here with me.&quot;  It's just as true of the reader as it is of his audience there in the book.<br />Another favorite of mine: &quot;Those sure were good times.  Whatever happened to them?&quot; &quot;You quit.&quot;<br />That's Rorschach.<br />As some of the final dialogue goes, &quot;I won in the end, didn't I.&quot; &quot;In the end?  Nothing ever ends.&quot;<br />Yet Watchmen does indeed end.  Which is good, because you won't be able to sleep until it does.
0140386335|5.0|This remains one of the best boks I have ever read. I have never read anything like it - it is simply amazing how you as a reader are actually pulled into the story and experience it at first hand - you are actually a part of the story. The magic is alive, it really changes you as you read. The book has An INCREDIBLE depth to it; if you read betwen the lines it contains some of the deepest spiritual secrets - it has truly mystical dimensions. There are very few books of this calibre. (And, by the way, forget the film!) ALso, do yourself a favour and buy the hardcover. This is printed in two colours, green for the real world and red for when you are in Fantasia. It makes a big difference!
0070511136|4.0|Great book, excellent ideas that make sense even when they go against mainstream habits and notions for the business to business sale.<br />The author explains he did not spare efforts to come up with research that backs up the content of the book and puts great care in the definition of the terms used.<br />One central concept however is not defined: large sale. At what amount does it start? Does it vary by activity? By company? By purchaser? Do seller and purchaser perception of large go always hand in hand ? What are the practical consequences when that is not the case?<br />But by all means buy the book - it is well worth your time and money.
0312243022|5.0|This is an A+.  Virginia Woolf is a writer living in London in 1923. Laura Brown is a housewife who is married to a war hero, living in Los Angeles in 1949 and is entrhalled with reading all of Virginia Woolfs' books.  Clarissa Vaughn is a wealthy independent woman living in Manhattan NYC in 1999 who is nicknamed Mrs. Dalloway (the main character in Virginia Woolfs' bestselling book).  Each story leads to a connection that is deeply moving and passionate.  The writer is so descriptive.  It's no wonder it won the Pulitzer Prize in 1998.  There were so many lines in this book that were of such significance to me in many, many ways.  For example: &quot;----is proud of his ability to discern the history of a face; to understand that those who are now old were once young.&quot;------- &quot;I swoon over the beauties of the world but am reluctant, simply as a matter of reflex to kiss a friend on the mouth.&quot;-------- It is better, really to find the elevator frankly inoperable, and to walk up five flights.  It is better to be free.------- One always has a better book in one's mind than one can manage to get on paper.------- It is like the first disinterested sigh a lover sends over the telephone wires, the sigh that signals the earliest beginning of the end.------- Yes, she thinks, this is probably how it must feel to be a ghost. It's a little like reading, isn't it--that same sensation of knowing people, settings, situations, without playing any particular part beyond that of the willing observer.
B000007MVU|4.0|Its an album that deserves to be heard. Very good orcherstral arrangements and Ringos voice is correct on every track. Keep in mind its not a rock and roll album. At least, I liked it very much.
0553106635|5.0|Except that Light may not be quite what you expect. And the champions for the forces of good may not be who you thought it should be. Evil isn't any simpler. <br />For the first time ever in the fantasy literature I have read, the reader is poleaxed - book after book. I was tripped up repeatedly by the devious maneuvring of Mr. Martin. Most of the cliches and conventions of the fantasy genre appear in this series. But only to morph into something far more sinister and complex anyone could expect. <br />The traps and pitfalls most readers will fall into are perfectly visible in hindsight - each time the groundwork has been laid so carefully that nobody can claim that the twists in the storyline are too abrupt or unlikely. The ton of mediocre fantasy tripe published during the last two decades is what kept me guessing what Martin can or can't do. <br />Apparently he can do anything. He breaks all the rules of the genre and makes this seem like the only possible way to write. He makes the reader like the characters they thought they hated and see the flaws in the characters they thought they should be cheering. Bit players become pivotal - larger-than-life central characaters turn out to be only a set-up for something even grander.<br />And every twist and turn seems predestined and unavoidable after the shock of the unexpected wears off.<br />Jordan and company - read these books and despair. After decades have passed, the only current fantasy work guaranteed to survive for generations to come is this series. Not only is the plotting best I have ever encountered - the world-building with a dozen cultures and half a dozen religions is both byzantine and crystal clear. <br />Not only is the prose evocative, both brutal and poetic; but the dialogue is razor-sharp. Each character speaks with a voice uniquely his or her own. Dany, Cersei, Catelyn, Ygritte, Arya, Sansa, Melisandre - never has this genre been able to juggle half a dozen female characters that don't blend into each other or flatten into charicatures. You may recognize the archetypes - but these chicks pop out of the page with personalities of their own.<br />Read the series and sink into the dark maelstrom of addiction - from now on, some malevolent force will compell you buy the pricy hardcover edition the day it is published for every future issue. It's worth the pain.
B00004X0M6|5.0|Well, here it is at last, the album I've waited for over a year, I remember when I spoke to Laura about a year ago and she told me about her new album that would come out in October she said, it was actually realeased earlier, she didn't want to tell me anything about the new songs or titles, but I rested assured it would be awesome, I had heard good things about it from her staff, now that I went to Italy to hear her sing the album, in an unplugged version, it is absolutely stunning to me, how her voice flows to the light music, I have to open my heart, mind and soul when I listen to her because she gives me so much, as I sat there infront of her and heard her sing &quot;Entre tu y Mil Mares&quot; the spanish version of &quot; Tra te e il Mare &quot; tears rolled down my face, she started out singing it very very softly with her eyes closed, her energy came right through me and then she started to sing faster to the music with her high and powerful voice, I identified myself with that song, it's about a story of when a woman is tired of waiting, hoping and beleiving, barely hanging on to a promise that has been broken thousands of times before, it's like being between the loved one and a thousand seas that is exactly the title of this new song.<br />Then there's &quot; La Meta De Mis Viajes&quot; it means &quot; The goal of my Journey &quot; she sings it to her father, putting aside what people will say, what the press will write she opens her heart and makes it transparent singing and admitting to the fact that she learned to sing and fight, risking all and even more because of her father.<br />Laura is the most real person I have ever met, her heart burstes with Love and compassion for others, her smile captivates everyone, she is a true friend, like the wonderful human being that she is, she writes and she sings, defenitely the goal of my journey to find myself.<br />Well, what else can I say I can honestly write endlessly about this album but I still could notpossible transmit to you what it is like , so go out buy this album wait untill you are alone, sit down and open your heart to the melody and the feeling of Laura's life! <br />Laura I hope you will come to amazon.com soon and read this for it is all I can give you in return for what you've given me, friendship like no other!  Thank You!
0395645662|5.0|The Giver is a really cool. It is about a boy who is chosen by the elders of his Utopia type community to have one of the most honored, but painful job a the reciever. He must recieve all the memorys in the world. Memorys of good times, memorys of war, unknown to his somewhat &quot;perfect&quot; community. But when he realizes these are mere memorys, he desides to pursue his own life, not chosen by a bunch of old people. So one night he escapes the community with his baby brother &quot;newchild&quot;, Gabe. He rides on his bike through the woods, encountering strange animals unknown to him, and terible snow storms. Then, he looks over a hill and he sees a city. But not just any city, a NORMAL city.
0553284347|5.0|I bought this book when it first came out.  I was passing the bookstore at the mall when the title nearly shouted out at me: buy me, buy me.  Buy it I did.. and my life took a radical turn in direction from that day on. I read half the book in my first sitting with it.<br />I discovered with a sense of enormous gratitude that I was not alone.  There are other people out there with situations like me. I was in counseling already to deal with the pain and effects of an abusive childhood - this book was a gift from God to help me continue to grow.  <br />The person who abused me emotionally and physically is still alive.  Though Dr. Forward's counsel taught me techniques to use to be an adult when around my parent figure, over the years since I first bought the book, I have returned to it for refueling and further instruction.  It is hard to break a pattern that has been ingrained for so long!!<br />I recommend this book to any adult who has experienced abuse at the hands of a parent or parent figure.  You will not only discover that you're not alone - you can also let go of the deep, dark family secret.  You will understand that you aren't to blame - you were just the child in the midst of a horrible, jumbled mess. You will be affirmed that you are a person of worth and given tools to use to be an effective parent to your own children as well as tools to assist you in coming face-to-face with the parent figure.<br />I agree with an earlier reviewer that full and complete confrontation may not be immediately necessary.  However, in my case, confrontation has come along in small doses - and Dr. Forward's instruction has been very helpful as those times have come and gone.    <br />I am grateful I discovered the book and broke the legacy when my child was but a wee one.  Thank you Dr. Forward!!! If you are still dealing with the effects of a painful childhood, buy the book now!!
B00000064G|5.0|Who was Nick Drake? What motivated him? Why can you never tell, from his singing, what mood he was in? Those tunings: where did he get them from? What did his friends think of him? These questions need answering. This music is as emotionality devastating and powerful as Joy Division.<br />Why? On the surface, we have beautiful melodic structures rendered on acoustic guitar, with unorthodox progressions. On top is the velvety voice, rather middle class, which never even attempts to `project' or `emote'. The key seems to be that Nick Drake realised something important: that surface structure and deep structure are orthogonal. You can express the deepest despair in the prettiest of ways. Joy Division and Nick Drake: totally different surface structures; same deep structure.<br />It's not always true. `Which Will' has a gorgeous detuning which makes the guitar sound like a harp. Small triplets sound in the treble; the bass strings take you down with them. The shape of the music, its progression, has some of the finality of Joy Division's `New Dawn Fades'. But then again, it's cheerful. Like Mozart. Cheerful and sad at the same time. During `Pink Moon', Nick sings `Saw it written and I saw it say'; only you'd swear it was a strangely-accented `Saw it written and suicide'.<br />This music is undateable. You would not be surprised to hear `1965' or `2005' or anything in-between. Like `Bryter Layter', this music is extremely sophisticated, formally advanced, durable, and totally enigmatic. It would sound at home in a wine bar. Why does it make you want to cry? Where is the emotion, exactly, being expressed? This music is an object lesson to the emoters, of which there have been far too many in rock. It is extraordinarily subtle, and makes nonsense of aesthetic theories that try to relate form to content, and which rock stars implicitly recognise. No flangers, no chorus effects, no big drums, no grunge screaming for titles like `Parasite' and `Harvest Breed'. <br />Nick Drake taps and expresses fundamental emotions which rock music doesn't often go near with any real success. Things like, beauty of days; loveliness of weather and girlfriends; how do you survive lost love; what do you do when you hate yourself; what happens when the world does not accept you. He was some kind of genius at rendering these things. I am still trying to work out exactly what sort. RIP Nick.
B00004LN16|1.0|Uau, people say this is their best album since &quot;BACK IN BLACK&quot;. H, H, H !! What about &quot;FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK&quot; ? Even &quot;THE RAZORS EDGE &quot; ??!! DOnt buy this album based on the good reviews below. I love AC/DC, but its clear that Malcolm and his pals released this CD only for the paycheck. Johnson cant even scream anymore, Phil Rudd seem to be playing his drums while hes sleeping; Cliff Williamss bass is even more low than other albuns. THis CD is one of the worst AC/DC albuns ever. its worser than BALLBREAKER.
0140433627|3.0|If you like horror, you owe it to yourself to read this book from the beginnings of the genre.  You will enjoy seeing the themes in Frankenstein repeated in other horror novels that you will read in the future.  The book and the movie have essentially nothing in common, so assume that you do not know the story yet if you have only seen the movie.<br />If you do not like horror, you probably won't like the book very much at all.<br />The story opens in the frozen Arctic wastes during an sea-going expedition to find a passage through the ice to the East.  Aboard the ship after a strange meeting, Frankenstein tells his story.  As a young man he wanted to make a splash in the sciences, and invented a way to create life.  Having done so, he became estranged from his new being with significant consequences for Frankenstein and his creation.  The two interact closely throughout the book, like twin brothers in one sense and like Creator and creation in another sense.<br />This book presents significant challenges to the reader.  Like many books that relate to scientific or quasi-scientific topics from long ago, Frankenstein seems highly outmoded to the modern reader.  In the era of psychological knowledge, the development of moods and character in the book will also seem primitive to many.  A further drawback is that this novel takes a long time to develop each of its points (even after the eventual action is totally foreshadowed in unmistakeable terms), so patience is required as layer after layer of atmosphere and thought are applied to create a complex, composite picture.  Finally, the structure of the novel is unusual, with layers of narration applied to layers of narration, creating a feeling of looking at never-ending mirror images.<br />So, you may ask, why should someone read Frankenstein?  My personal feeling is that there are two timelessly rewarding aspects to the book that well reward the reader (despite the drawbacks described above).  Either is sufficient to please you.  First, the book raises wonderful ethical issues about the responsibilities of science and the scientist towards the results of scientific endeavors.  These issues are as up-to-date now as they were when the book was written.  Those who developed atomic weapons and biotechnology tools appear to have given little more thought to what comes next than Frankenstein did toward his creation.  Second, the moods that are built up in the reader by the book are extremely vivid and powerful.  The artistry of this book can serve as a guide for novelists for centuries to come, in showing how much the reader can be deeply engaged by the circumstances of the characters.<br />Why, then, did I grade the book at three stars instead of five?  Few will fail to be annoyed by the scientific awkwardness of the story, and that is a definite drawback.  Also, only the most dedicated students of style will avoid feeling like the book moves and develops its story too slowly.  Less is more in novels.  In this case, more is less.<br />I cannot help but comment that this book is perhaps the finest example of appearances being deceiving that exists in literature.  The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a close competitor in this regard, but that fine work definite has to fall behind Frankenstein.  In this book, beings of physical beauty act in inhumane, ugly ways.  Beings of great ugliness act in beautiful ways.  The same being may act in both ways, in different circumstances.  Looks are deceiving, and our perceptions are flawed even when our attention is fixed.  If the characters could have overcome this form of stalled thinking, the horror would have been averted.  So the lesson is that the misperceptions we aim at others rebound (like a reflection in a mirror) right back onto us.<br />If you have not yet read Paradise Lost, Frankenstein is a good excuse to read that poem.  The development of the story in Frankenstein assumes a knowledge of that story about Satan leading a rebellion against God and being dispossessed into Hell.<br />After you have had a chance to absorb and appreciate the nice issues this book raises, ask yourself where you in your life are acting without sufficiently considering the implications of your actions.  Then, commence to examine those potential consequences.  You should be able to create more good results in this way, and take more comfort in what you are doing.  Both will be excellent rewards for your introspection.against God and being dispossessed into Hell.   <br />After you have had a chance to absorb and appreciate the nice issues this book raises, ask yourself where you in your life are acting without sufficiently considering the implications of your actions.  Then, commence to examine those potential consequences.  You should be able to create more good results in this way, and take more comfort in what you are doing.  Both will be excellent rewards for your introspection.<br />
B000007NZ5|1.0|No matter how Iommi tried, he destroyed SABBATH forever insisting in this horrible albuns, changing line-ups all the time, making a joke of SABBATH. He ceded under the pressure from the recording companies to continue using SABBATHs name, instead of creating a new band or a solo project. He even hired this singer ( Tony Martin ) who tries desperately to sound like Dio. THis is a totally forgetable album by ... this band , which is not, I repeat, ITS NOT, BLACK SABBATH.
0930289234|5.0|Reading through the first twenty-or-so reviews, I noticed the same ideas repeated again and again, all of which are perfectly true:<br />1: Yes, it's a comic book, but that's like saying Citizen Kane is just a movie.<br />2: Most people will be likely to push away this book if you offer it to them because of all those silly pictures that stop it from being a novel. Should they do this, point out the little details hidden away in each scene (the recurring image of the smiling face, for example) or the way that Gibbons' art - although damned by the use of block colouring that makes it look like a mid-70s X-Men book - is so expertly detailed with each individual person in the background moving realistically (ie: the people in the background don't appear/disappear between frames).<br />3: Moore's story is complex and thoughtful and, although it can be confusing, rewards re-reading.<br />4: Despite the superhero costumes, the characters in this book are... real. They're complex people who have emotions and characterizations comparable to the finest literature. Someone mentioned that Rorschach is in the same psychotic league as The Punisher, but whilst the latter has an almost stereotypical excuse for being a murderer (his wife and kids were killed by gangsters), Rorschach's driven by much more complex reasons (growing up in an unstable home where his mother was a prostitute etc.). And all of the characters are like this; people with pasts and futures and emotions.<br />Truly excellent.
B000005RFQ|1.0|GIllan in Sabbath was a mistake since the beginning, according to Gillans own words in his autobiographical book. He said this was to be a project with another name, not &quot;BLACK SABBATH&quot;. But one cannot understand why the production is so horrible or why Iommi permited the worst Sabbath cover-art ever to be published for this album. &quot;TRASHED&quot; is the only song worthwhile here. The rest is crap, pure garbage, below - standard.
B00004Y635|5.0|This was the best of the Scream trilogy and I saw it in the theatres four times, tying my all-time movie-viewing record with my favorite film of all time, Jurassic Park's four. And this was a blast. Very suspenseful, surprising, and funny. I really loved the lighting in this picture, the last two also had wonderful lighting. And the music, aside from most of the songs, was a real treat! This film was kinda cheesy/fun because it even kind of made parody on its own series. It was also pretty unpredictable. This one was the scariest one, due to large help from Sidney's dreams of her mother.
B000002KHH|3.0|Although this CD has some of the greatest Sabbaths classics, I dont think it is enjoyable to hear. The production is very raw ( this is good, but in this case didnt work for the songs ) and altogether I prefer &quot;MASTER OF REALITY&quot; AND &quot;VOLUME FOUR&quot;.
B000003TA4|5.0|This CD has been around for quite a while now.  Sure, in some ways it does sound kind of old.  However, it seems clear now that this is one of the 'must have' CD's of the ninties.  It feels like one of those CDs that, in a few yeas time will win over a whole new generation, just as a select few older acts have; like say the Beatles or Led Zeppelin.<br />What I'm getting at is that this CD has become and will cntinue growing as an historical document, an expression of the time.<br />Almost every track is a winner, and like the production or not, you know almost every song.  <br />Thats what I think anyway......
B000002KIK|3.0|OF course when youre dealing with a band such as SABBATH you would expect miracles. This CD has no miracle, but there great songs (JUNIORS EYES, JOHNNY BLAZE, HARD ROAD )typical of Sabbath songwriting. A good album.
B00003CXDV|4.0|This was a very enjoyable &quot;poke&quot; at the whole Trekkie phenomenon.  I wonder how William Shatner would handle himself if he were transported to another galaxy.  Allen is surprisingly good.  Weaver is not only beautiful but hilarious.  The real show stealer, for me, was Alan Rickman.  He is consistently one of the best actors working today.  Enjoy this one.  Try not to be overly critical of the thin spots, because the vehicle works quite well on the whole.  I'm not sure if a sequel is warrented, but I guess they've earned the right to make one.
B000002KDO|5.0|Forget Deep Purple; forget Led Zeppelin - I love them all, but SABBATH is metals real father. Not only the technical side of it, but also about the structure of songwriting, the courge to write about anguish, despair, drugs, rotten politicians, etc. In this CD, they are close to perfection. The only limitation is the weak recording resources available at that period.
B00003CWOL|3.0|In the wake of such phenomal flicks as &quot;Clerks,&quot; one would think that Kevin Smith would make a &quot;smarter&quot; movie thank this.  Yes, I read the disclaimer at the beginning, but that doesn't excuse anyone from slap-n-dash writing.  Kevin is smarter than this!  I've seen/read interviews.  Smith &quot;attacks&quot; selected points of Christian theology (mostly aimed at Roman Catholicism) but then borrows from other systems/mythologies at random.  I guess that makes him thoroughly &quot;post-modern.&quot;  I love good satire, but this is muddled.  If the point was to be self-indulgent and just &quot;have fun&quot; I guess he pulled it off.  But if he was trying to anything above &quot;Beavis and Butthead go to Church&quot; then he needs to try again.  There was real potential in the character of Bethany, but the story line fizzled at the end.  The whole concept of the &quot;voice of God&quot; was fascinating, but, again, in the end it came out fuzzy.  Yes, there are plenty of good one-liners, but we've seen this before.  Kevin Smith's talent is better than this movie would lead you to believe.
B000002KKS|5.0|Sometimes a divorce is good for both parts. This is what happened when Ozzy left Sabbath. Ozzy went to a fantastic and succesful solo career, releasing the masterpiece &quot;BLIZZARD OF OZZ&quot; at the same year Sabbath released the amsterpiece &quot;HEAVEN AND HELL&quot; with Dio. The difference is that Sabbath finished forever after Dio days ( in terms of quality ), and Ozyy went on and on ...
0375704027|5.0|I have to admit straight out that Murakami is one of my all time favorite authors.  I've read all of his available books including the tightly wound &quot;Wind-Up Bird Chronicle.&quot;  Just about all his previous books are complex in terms of the almost supernatural events that seem to take place, switches in time periods, and other narrative oddities.  In one sense, this is the most &quot;normal&quot; of Murakami's books in terms of narration, but it would be a mistake to think it's less complex.  Yes, it's a lyrical and moving love story, but the writing is so exquisite and the characters so endearing (Reiko, Naoko and even Storm Trouper will stay in my mind for a long time) that when it ended, I went back and started reading again from the beginning.  It's been a long time since a book compelled me to re-read right away.<br />I don't think the parallel is unfounded with Magic Mountain -- Murakami's narrator just happens to be reading it while Naoko is trying to get through her emotional despair in a sanitorium of sorts.  Like Hans C., no one seems to really get better and time seems to slow to a stop during the scenes in the home.  Some of the most touching scenes take place during Toru's visits to Reiko and Naoko.  Toru is such a gentle and human character -- we experience real sensuality through his interactions with other women. Maybe it's Murakami's perfectly controlled prose that makes this such a work of art.  It is so beautiful that it will make you cry.  These characters are so real, it can be frightening at times.<br />This book is a good introduction to Murakami because of its surface simplicity, but anyone who enjoyed it should run out and buy his other books which are also terrific.  Although I like Mishima too, I think Murakami is the greatest living Japanese writer. Don't miss this one.
B00003CWTI|3.0|From the writer-director of &quot;Boogie Nights&quot;, this 3 hour plus drama follows several different stories over the course of a weekend in Los Angeles.  Most of the characters are fascinating, and ultimately there are maybe too many stories going on.  The movie is  in some ways a disappointment, but it's worth seeing for some individual scenes and knockout performances (Tom Cruise got an Oscar nomination and a lot of attention for his role, but the rest of the cast is just as good if not better, especially Julianne Moore, Jason Robards and William H. Macy).  Finally, to watch this one you have to have a high tolerance for the &quot;F&quot; word.
6305910103|4.0|Good picture and sound, no extras other than a trailer. I hoped for a little more from this DVD. One I have in my collection because it's my second favorite Star Trek film. I might wait for a special edition version.
B00003CWL6|2.0|The only reason I gave this two stars, and not one, is I was intreged enough to watch it all the way through, though it took me two settings to complete it. The reason I had to watch it in two settings is because is was so completely depressing and going nowhere.  I was really annoyed by the Father who was love w/ a teen, (and not with his wife), the hysterical wife, and the doldrum daughter. The whole family wouldn't give the time of day to each other. The disturbing way the Colonial treated his son and others was also not inspiring.   Really, I can't remember when I was so depressed watching a film. I was puzzled beyond belief at how this movie recieved such possitive attention.
B00004TDTO|3.0|This DVD is a decently produced collector's edition DVD.  The extras are fairly good, but not great.  The bonus materials include an hour long documentary that is very good with some recent interviews with the major players.  The deleted scenes weren't very interesting, mainly consisting of family scenes with Scheider's character.  The outtakes include one where a close-up of Scheider where his handgun keeps jamming and another with Shaw's character where he spits fake blood in his eye.  Both are not very interesting or funny.  The trivia game consists of 12 questions with clues available by jumping to the relevant scenes.  Not very interesting or fun since once you do answer them, then what?  The production photos were mostly in black-in-white and I never find these interesting, especially the case here where most of the photos are black-in-white.  I did find the storyboards interesting, not usually the case, because they consisted of scenes that were never shot or changed in the film. Most of the storyboards were scenes in the book that weren't in the film. Finally a few paragraphs on sharks, the production and cast are included that could have been excluded and not missed.  I got this movie in my collection because I remember that as a kid it scared me silly.  Now the shark looks really fake and it's not as scary, but the video is good and sound adequate for such and old film. Worth having in your collection if you like the movie or for nostalgic reasons.
0780631684|5.0|When Alex(Devon Sawa) and his senior class board a plane heading for Paris, they dont expect for the plane to explode. But when Alex has a wild premonition and immediatley gets thrown off the plane with four other peers and teacher, the plane takes off, and to their worse fears explodes. Now Alex is starting to notice a plan after two of the survivors are killed in mysterious ways, were we ment to get off that plane?  Who knew buses, water, fire, and a bottle of vodka could be so scary? Trying to find out how to stop the dying, Alex, Clear(Aly Larter), and Carter(Kerr Smith) must be careful of where they step and how they drive, because death, NEVER takes no for an answer. Final Destination was one of the most suspence filled horror films I have seen in awhile. James Wong takes his X-File knowledge to the test, using everyday things, and making them look like Jason Vorhees. Just make sure next time you cross the street, to look both ways!!!
B00003CWNR|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. I was pleased how the director gave some vision to such a sensitive topic. I also was introduced to Charlize Theron in this movie. She's going places. The performance by Toby Maguire was a little subdued yet he made the points needed to make the movie a success. I was surprised by the performance of Erica Badu and wasn't that Heavy D??
B00004VWA7|5.0|Before I purchased the CD, the most influential bassists to me were supposively the greatests of all time, Geddy Lee, Chris Squire.  Until I heard this CD, this is Bass like never before, lightning fast fretting.  Jaco is argueably the best bass virtuoso ever.  This CD also presents a wide spectrum of music genres, from Jazz to Funk, to all out bass solos, and the cast included isn't bad either.  It is a classic album, if you like good Jazz or just good music, I suggest you buy it.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I know I made an arse of myself when I made my last review of this CD on Amazon.com, but this time, I'm serious and I finally notice the album for the music, Not Wes Borland's art or for the CD extra. I was also being stupid when I made the review for &quot;Make Yourself&quot; by Incubus and &quot;Slipknot&quot; by Slipknot. So, heres my re-write:<br />Not to long ago, I purchased this album thinking I was going to like it being a big fan of rap metal. The truth is, I never really wanted this album till &quot;Break Stuff&quot; when I got it. I never really liked &quot;Nookie&quot; that much but along with &quot;Just like this&quot;, its a friendly begining to the album. I liked the Intro and Outro to. But &quot;Just like this&quot; is a fabulous song with great beats. As I said before &quot;Break Stuff&quot; is a tyt song. One song I never really liked was &quot;Re-arranged&quot;. Its an okay song with some thought, but it was just to mellow but not good 3 Doors Down Incubus Deftones melow. Then, there is &quot;I'm Broke&quot; which is one of my favorites. Fred's raps and Wes's guitar play together on this one. But the chorus is a lot like the one of Re-arranged. A lot of other songs are like that. Melow in a way or some is just really rappy which I don't like. Thats where the one star got takin off. &quot;N2Gether Now&quot; is probably one of the best songs... ...of rap. So if you get this album, beware, you're going to get one of those albums with the bad mellow stuff, the rap, and a few good rock songs. So the songs I recommend on this album are &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, &quot;Just Like This&quot;, and &quot;I'm Broke&quot;.
B000001GPX|4.0|This is an intense performance of Beethoven's C Major Symphonie.  Carlos Kleiber leads the orchestra in an energetic execution which does not let up.  The Andante receives the same lustful and zealous reading as the outter movements.  Even though it moves smartly, for example the first movement clocks in a full 20 seconds reduced in duration than more stately renditions, even so, this version is never hastily derived and loses none of its granduer.  The jewel case notes are bereft of any attention to either biographical or technical material, thus 4 stars, and focus entirely on the etymology of the dubious monicker, &quot;Fate&quot;, which has been assigned to this piece long after Beethoven had ceased to conduct symphonies and therefore, was not on hand to raise an objection.  If you are interested in hearing a rare, quintessential performance with intensity, this CD will interest you.
B000002UAU|5.0|I was a little disappointed with this album the first time I heard it. I'm a younger reviewer - born in 1979 - and I came into it with the foreknowledge that it was considered the greatest album ever. Truth is, Sgt. Pepper isn't as packed with hits as some of their others - Rubber Soul comes to mind. But this is the quintessential *album*. To be fully appreciated, it needs to be listened to in its entirety, letting the songs (which are like colorful vignettes) run their course. The result can be amazing. As I said, it wasn't what I expected at first. But as I have listened to it more, I have come to realize that it is a wonderful piece of art and quite possibly the Beatles' best achievement.
6302787564|4.0|I found this movie absolutely fascinating and overall quite entertaining.  Although the frequent acts of random violence are somewhat comical, the rest of the film is a biosphere of our &quot;American&quot; culture.  Douglas treks a path through L.A. and encounters various problems in society - sort of a modernized Greek &quot;Odyssey&quot;.  Douglas, our tragic hero, is the only character who isn't asleep . . . asleep to all the hate and injustice that is occurring in our lives.  And therefore, like any hero, is doomed to die by his convictions.<br />Michael Douglas portrays your typical patriotic citizen who becomes &quot;obsolete&quot; in a constantly changing world.  I think perhaps all viewers can relate with this character because we all have been rubbed the wrong way by the exact same people Douglas encounters in the film.  And sometimes we'd like to flip out too.<br />  The end of the film is particularly symbolic in the climactic resolution.  There is a sense of sadness when Douglas' character is killed, but at the same time their is a liberation.  A liberation from the hell he was living . . . so perhaps the death is not sad at all. If you can't move with society, than you are doomed to fall prey to it.  I would definitely recommend this film to anyone who has at times felt betrayed by life or our &quot;American&quot; ideals.
B00004X01U|5.0|If you liked Madonna's last album, I think you will like this one. I love it!! It is a has a bit more of a techno sound to it. Definetley something you put in before you go out to hit the town. The best track, in my opinion, is #8. Madonna still has it. She changes with the times, but yet keeps her own style.
B000021XS0|5.0|As an avid fan of prog music, especially prog metal, I have gotten to the point where few releases really impress me.  I listened to DT's latest release with very little expectations since I didn't want to go through the painful disappointment of their previous attempt at an album. But everything changed very fast, I was blown away!  This is by far DT's best album, they have gotten to a point where not only have they found a sound that is uniquely theirs but have developed a musical maturity few bands ever attain.  I've always hated their singer but in this album not only is he not bad, he is excellent; he's found that range where he doesn't sound cheese of forced.  The new keyboardist has a sound that is a better complement than the previous one. The ballads are actually good too, not over the top sappy as before.  This is an intricate concept album that is not easy to pull off because of the complexity of the music as well as the plot that guides it.  This album is one of the top ones in my 300+ prog music collection.  I strongly recommend
B00004X01U|5.0|I was very excited to get this album because I loved Ray of Light.  I waited until I listened to this CD about 20 times before I reviewed it.  My favorite track is &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;, with &quot;Amazing&quot; a close second.  I don't mind that Madonna uses tricks on &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;(and most of the album), because it sounds great and she isn't claiming that it's her real voice. I can't stop listening to this album and the only song I am beginning to skip is &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; which I hear is unfortunatly her next release.  Surely a better song could have been chosen.  Only Madonna can release a bad song and turn it into a hit with all the drones out there.  I must also mention &quot;Paradise(not for me)&quot; as my other favorite.  It is a six-plus min. song and I wish it could be longer, because it is a good song to relax to.  This album shows what an artist can do to their sound if they have the money to spend on the best equipment and people in the business.  I just wish it could be longer than ten songs.  Who knows, maybe Madonna will come out with her next album sooner.  But I am in no hurry to stop listening to this one.  Buy It!
B00000D9TK|5.0|I'll be the first to admit that I am not unbiased.  Celine Dion is my absolute favorite artist.  Her voice is incredible and the songs are awesome.  I don't speak French, but you don't need to understand to feel the impact of the songs especially the title track &quot;S'il Suffisait D'Aimer&quot;.  If you are a Celine fan, this is a must-have!
B00004X01U|5.0|'PARADISE (not for me)' is the best freakin song on the album.  Open your minds people! Geez!
0375704027|5.0|Murakami's oevre is a constellation of brilliant superstars (Wind-Up Bird), and tiny, equally brilliant gems (South of the border).  Norwegian Wood is a stunning addition to this multivariant galaxy.  What a gorgeous book!  All I can say is--Haruki Murakami is a wordsmith, a magician, and a counselor all wrapped up in one.  Like the great haiku poets, Murakami finds the extraordinary in the most ordinary of lives, people, and events.
0553573403|1.0|ALthough the style is magnificant, and the words well chosen and strung together, the story itself is a big disappointment.  True, you have no idea what is going to happen throughout the book,but that is not because the plot contains many twists and turns -- rather it is because there are so many characters and each chapter does not contain much memorable action such that the book itself is choppy and not as interesting as the concept actually is.  If the concept of this book interests you, you would be better off reading the actual accounts of English history.  I was very disappointed by this book, the plot was quite blaze and the &quot;fantasy&quot; portion of this book was nonexistent.
B00004W55E|5.0|LOVE IT!!! This CD is one of the best that I've heard yet.  Her themes and lyricism speak with a spirit of emotional maturity and love and we are thankful for the sharing.  If she has been off trying to find her own individuality SHE HAS SUCCEEDED AND IT SHOWS ON THIS PROJECT!  But, fans know that spirit gifts like Rachelle's only get better and better.
B000009HF2|5.0|What can I say? This is the album that made me fall hard for a long-haired artist from England that took over the radio and TV talk shows of my youth. (The 70's) From the moment DeeDee and I put it on the stereo we were hooked! We screamed whenever he so much as shook his hair backward or sang in that sexy voice as only he could. When he sang &quot;Do you feel Like we do&quot; and did his little bob that he used to do (which he still does,I'm happy to report) we were mesmerized!  There will always be a special place in my musical heart for Peter and I am so happy that he is once again touring and putting his input into different projects and upcoming movies. Way to go,Peter!
B000000OTU|5.0|This may as well be Aerosmith's greatest hits album, because that's exactly what it is. Who can argue against songs like &quot;Love In An Elevator,&quot; &quot;Dude (Looks Like A Lady),&quot; &quot;Cryin',&quot; and the list goes on and on. There is not one down point on this album. Every second is classic Aerosmith, and I love it all, as should anyone. I am not even that big of a fan of &quot;modern&quot; rock and roll, but I LOVE this album. It's amazing that they can still sound this good after all of these years, but they do, so buy this CD!
B00004X01U|4.0|On Madonna's 14th album she has outdone herself again.  Instead of following the trends set by pop-culture madonna makes pop-culture follow her.  When I first heard music (at 9AM outside of best buy on its release date on my portable walkman waiting on the bus) i thought no ones gonna buy this album no ones gonna like it its too edgy. . . I personally think its awesome and the buying public seems to think so this resulting in her biggest first week ever . . .lets talk about the album the title track is amazing i love all the effects and the disco/early 80's r&amp;b dance music feel i jam to this track on a daily basis and its on my answering machine... impressive instant is not impressive i like the music/effects but the lyrics are stupid &quot;i like to singy singy singy like a bird on a wingy wingy wingy&quot; come on madonna we could do better than that . . . runaway lover is awesome except again the lyrics &quot;it doesnt pay to be a runaway lover it doesnt pay to give away what you lack youll never get your money back&quot; come on madonna we could do better than that . . . i deserve it same deal i like the music/effects but the words are juvenile (notice a pattern here). . . for every song on the album except gone the music hits hard and the lyrics make the album weak . . . i guess after the lyrical ingenuosity of ray of light music really dissapointed me but the cd is definitely an awesome production and i will keep listening to it if you like ray of light and you like madonna youll like music and thats my verdict.
6305922748|4.0|An aging, fading British rock group is touring America, and on hand to document the occasion is a filmmaker who has been blown away by their sound since the first time he heard them; and the result is offered up here for the perusal of all, in \\"This Is Spinal Tap,\\" without question the best feature length parody of a rock band ever made, directed by Rob Reiner.  When the band returns to the U.S. to promote their latest album, \\"Smell The Glove,\\" director Marty DiBergi (Reiner)  accompanies them on tour, conducting interviews and taping performances, in an effort to get it all down for posterity.  And get it all he does; the highs and lows, the drama and pathos, the words, wisdom and witticisms of this legendary rock group.  It's all here, and we owe it all to a man of incredible intuition, imagination and foresight, Marty DiBergi.  But, with all seriousness aside, folks...  When this film was released in 1984, it was fresh and new, cutting edge satire that seemed almost outrageous and scathingly intemperate; and to some extent, it still does today.  The difference now, however, is that the times have caught up to and surpassed the parody of the movie.  By anyone's standards, much of this film now seems quite tame, though the subject of the satire remains every bit as relevant today as it did then.  The interviews, conducted and delivered with such dry humor and subtle wit, readily withstand the test of time and are as funny now as ever; but the songs, especially the lyrics, pale now somewhat in the wake of such acts as Marilyn Manson, Rob Zombie, Slipknot, Monster Magnet, System Of A Down, Coal Chamber, Pantera and Alice In Chains (just to mention a few), all of whom in reality have gone far beyond the parameters set by Spinal Tap.  And with today's accessibility to such a wide variety of groups and music via MTV, MTVX, VH-1 and all the other myriad cable connections, it's simply taken the \\"sting\\" out of the impact of the film.  Like science fiction that has become science fact, our culture and society has contextually changed it's frame of reference, which of course must change the way we perceive a film like \\"Spinal Tap.\\"  What can never change is the quality of the overall movie, the precision of the satire, and the caliber of the performances and direction.  With genuine sincerity, Reiner/DiBergi delivers a truly believable \\"Rockumentary.\\"  His pace and timing are impeccable, and his eye for detail is thorough (though much of it will be lost on today's generation).  The performances are first rate all around:  Michael McKean, totally credible as David St. Hubbins (lead guitar, vocals), possibly the best character he's ever done; Christopher Guest as Nigel Tufnel (lead guitar, vocals); Harry Shearer as Derek Smalls (bass, vocals); and, of course Reiner, who\\"is\\" DeBergi.  Also turning in notable performances are Bruno Kirby (Tommy Pischedda), R.J. Parnell (Mick Shrimpton, drummer), David Kaff (Viv Savage, keyboards, vocals), Tony Hendra (Ian Faith), Fran Drescher (Bobbi Flekman), and Patrick Macnee (Sir Denis Eaton-Hogg).  Though it may have lost some of it's edge due to changing times, \\"This Is Spinal Tap\\" will forever remain a milestone in cinematic history.  The songs may be dated but the humor is timeless; this is top-notch satire, and the parody set the standard in the rock genre for those who followed, like Weird Al Yankovic.  The appeal of this film is going to vary from generation to generation, and it follows that the level of appreciation is going to vary; but the fact will always remain that this is a unique movie that succinctly captures the spirit and essence of an entire era.  And for that, Reiner and Co. get a tip of the hat.
068484267X|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read that's been written within the last 50 years. The story follows, in grand detail, the life of a young Irish boy and his family. The author, telling his own life's story, writes in a voice reminescent of both the nature of memory and the wonder of childhood. Certainly there are moments in the book that will seem utterly sad to a reader today, but one should expect that--Irish stories are rarely happy. This one, however, manages to toe the line between grief and triumph in a way that never compromises the reality of it all. <br />All in all, you've had a wonderful life, Mr. McCourt. Thank you for taking us along for the ride.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|Bjork's new cd Selmasongs, while only 32 minutes, is as eclectic as you would expect from the singer. A companion cd for Lars Von Trier's film Dancer In The Dark, Bjork's award-winning acting debut, Selmasongs features the songs she sings as her character Selma (well, that's sort of obvious). The movie is about Czech immigrant Selma's struggle to save her son from a disease that causes blindness while keeping her spirits up dreaming about her beloved Hollywood musicals during her work in an American factory. 'Cvalda' is an energetic mix of industrial sounds and big band flourishes, perfectly illustrating Selma's fantasy world in the factory environment, adding a John Cage quality to Bjork's already highly original songwriting, and if it weren't kooky enough, there are vocal contributions by Catherine Deneuve. 'Scatterheart''s electronic cadences sound like the closest thing to a true follow-up to Bjork's Homogenic, while 'In The Musicals' seamlessly blends stuttering rhythms (you can just picture her tapdancing) and lilting string arrangements while Bjork sings her typical wide-eyed, whimsical lyrics.  Selmasongs will be most remembered, however, for the sensational duet between Bjork and Radiohead's Thom Yorke. Yorke &amp; Bjork (now there's a catchy name for a duo!) exchange a dialogue while an orchestral score and the rhythm of a train swirl around them. The lyrics are Bjork at her usual sublime self: &quot;You've never been to Niagara Falls?/I have seen water, its water, that's all.../The Eiffel Tower, the Empire State?/My pulse was as high on my very first date!&quot; Dancer In The Dark is a film that has film critics split down the middle: either you love it or you hate it. However confounding or wondrous you find the film, I'm sure everyone will agree this wacky little number of a cd is excellent.
0140186409|2.0|ok so im a teenager so my thoughts are probably a little different than adults out there.  I had to read the grapes of wrath for my junior year and i absolutely hated it..stienbeck did not keep me enticed and the plot was the same throughout the story..the story line waS pointless and although it was closely related to real life, the point of the story was hard to get at.  the same things were repeated over and over and my mother literally had to sit me down and force me to read the book..i opted for the cliff notes..for all u teenagers out there...pick a different book to read and for all u adluts out there i dont know you probably would like it.
B000002OR4|5.0|The sad, haunting sound of the violin that recurs throughout this recording hangs over the entire soundtrack and creates a mood of deep reflection and sadness. This, I assume, is the desired effect... and a very successful attempt. Although it has been years since Schindlers List was released, the soundtrack alone can still create startling, repulsive, and heartbreaking imagery in my mind simply by hearing the music. This is a very appropriate and beautiful album which can stand alone in its musicianship.  I particularly enjoyed &quot;OYFN Pripetshok&quot; and &quot;Yeroushelaim Chel Zahav&quot; for their seeming sincerity and depth.
B00000253N|5.0|Doesnt Bob Dylan almost always speak for himself? He is a contemplative storyteller, and this album is full of self-reflection, bitterness, and very human feelings and thoughts. <br />&quot;Tangled Up In Blue&quot; and the misanthropic &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; are well known (for good reason)<br />&quot;Situations have ended sad; relationships have all been bad; mine have been like Verlaines and Rimbauds&quot; Dylan sings in &quot;You're Gonna Me Lonesome When You Go&quot;. Very literate, feelings expressed to which we can all relate. Dylan is the master of this craft, so there are few comparatives and superlatives to use.
B00000DCHE|5.0|Even if you are a casual Billy Joel fan you should love this album.  This is the best live album I have heard.  It has the feel of actually being there, the energy fills the room, but it doesn't have the scratchy or drowned out sound that so many live albums have.  I listened to this even before it was digitally remastered and it was excellent then.  What makes this recording so special is that you hear a lot of Joel songs that aren't played on the radio, and frankly I am too young to know if they ever were played back in the 70s &amp; 80s.  These songs are really good too, it gives you a further appreciation for Joel's talent and songwriting ability.  Too often you get a best of or live album from a performer and the only tolerable songs are the ones you were already familiar with.  Not so here.  Buy it now!
B000002U3P|4.0|While most of the songs on this soundtrack can stand alone, they do form a cohesive and convincing ensemble of songs to create the ambience needed to build the world of Mark Renton and his misfit gang of heroin junkie and crime addicted friends. The movie is an interesting collection of character sketches, if not a disgusting look at the life of heroin addicts, and the soundtrack serves as a perfect backdrop to this narration. &quot;Lust for Life&quot; is a perfect lead-off anthem (although, I am disappointed to report that &quot;Lust for Life&quot; is now being used in a series of inane American t.v. commercials for a cruise ship company...) Primal Screams &quot;Trainspotting&quot; fits the bill (as a lot of their music would) because it just floats along with no real end in sight, no real climax, and the lifestyle of the characters seems to have this low-key element to it. Nothing matters to them but the &quot;next hit&quot;. Based on the strength of Sleepers remake of Blondies &quot;Atomic&quot; I ran out and bought an entire Sleeper album but was disappointed by an album of sameness... but &quot;Atomic&quot; is a great addition to this soundtrack and reminds me of the scene in the film in which the song is played (which is a pretty good scene!) Lou Reeds &quot;Perfect Day&quot; and Pulps &quot;Mile End&quot; are both fantastic additions here, fitting the subject matter nicely. And Underworlds LONG but infinitely satisfying dance track &quot;Born Slippy&quot; seals it up for me. A great album!  The entire work sails smoothly along, hitting no significant snags along the way... making a solid product and overall listening enjoyment.
B0000027RL|5.0|Even after all these years, even when the Seattle invasion (bands like Nirvana, Alice in Chains and Soundgarden) is long forgotten, Pearl Jam are still producing masterpiece after masterpiece.<br />&quot;Ten&quot; their debut and finest piece of work to date is just fantastic.  Containing many of the early singles such as Even Flow, Jeremy and Alive as well as the brilliant Garden and Once you will soon find yourself listening to this album over and over again.<br />The finest track on the album without a shadow of a doubt is &quot;Black&quot;, I believe Eddie wrote this from a true experience.  <br />Most people especially in this country point to Nirvana's Nevermind as the greatest grunge rock album, I disagree; this is better balanced and more original.<br />Finally if you don't believe this album is as good as I say go see PJ live and watch the reaction when a &quot;Ten&quot; song is played - it will blow you away!!!
B000002JSP|3.0|This really was the end of zeppelin. The whole album sounds as though they was trying to move with the times and although there are faint glmpses of zeppelin genious (all my love, in the evening) they really lost there former glory. The amount of synths used for a band famed for its amazing riffs is sign of this trail. Perhaps this was a last ditch attempt to move with the times but I would much prefer if they didnt. This would be an extroadinarily good album for anyone other than zeppelin, but other than that it merely isnt up to scratch. Still the CD design is cool. Page is still a god if only the remaining three could get in a studio today, with todays technology, who knows, and we all know jimmy page is up to it. Anyone thinking of buying this album buy the others first.
B000002UAU|5.0|If you have to read a review of this CD, you have little faith in the Beatles.  Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearst Club Band is one the all time best pieces of music from anywhere.  Impossible to not dig and impossible to get tired of.   But be prepared, you can't listen to one song at a time, you must listen to the whole CD together for the full effect.  Brilliant!<br />This was the 1st Beatles CD I owned.  And I bought it only because I had finally learned who wrote the song that had been stuck in my head since I was a tot.  That song was &quot;When I'm 64&quot;. Buying that CD just to get that song out of my head, unexpectedly openned a flood gate to the Beatles and eventually a new world of thinking.  And to a whole new world of music.  If someone asked me &quot;What is music?&quot; I would have to answer &quot;Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band!&quot;  Its definatley one of the CDs I'd want with me if I were stranded on a desert island.  This CD doses out a wide range of emotions that you can feel...it may just be the first interactive piece of music... because you enjoy it body and soul. Enjoy!
B000002J1U|5.0|I dont know why the album isnt given the credit it deserves. The album is the definition of zeppelin and shows there whole spectrum of zep from blues right through to diffinitive riff rock. I'd reccomend this album to anyone who thinks zeppelin is just hard metal like rock( god knows why people think that). Bron y aur stomp will get anyones foot tappin, immigrant song will get even the metaliest metal head bumpin, and since Ive been loving you will please anyone! After listening to this album I knew that Led Zeppelin were one of the worlds Best bands ever! Page is god
079073804X|1.0|I just saw this at the theatre (not sure why) and it was just as bad as it was the first time I saw it.  The only reason this film has any notoriety is because old ladies fainted upon seeing it in 1973. First of all, the pacing will put you to sleep.  I don't need action every 2 minutes to keep my attention, but why is it that every time there would be any action in this film, the camera is somewhere else?  Example 1:  Near the end, the demon murders the exorcist, but the camera is out in the hall filming yet another insipid conversation between the mother and Father Carras!  Example 2: A guy is pushed out a window and breaks his neck, but we only hear about this; we don't see anything happen.  I don't need tons of gore (or any, really) but if I wanted to imagine the murders instead of seeing them occur, I would read the book instead. Another note: The editing is terrible.  Every scene ends just as it's (finally) starting to get off the ground. Exactly what part of this movie do people find &quot;scary&quot;?  There is no atmosphere at all.  A girl spitting pea soup is not scary; it's just stupid.  And if I wanted to hear a 12-year-old spewing obscenities, I would just go visit a junior high school.  It's not something to make a movie about. The 70's was a good time for horror movies (not just because of 70's fashion either), with The Omen, Halloween, Carrie, and other great ones.  The Exorcist isn't even in the same category.  It's just a very long boring plotless movie about a girl with some green make-up.  Pretty sad.
0449002632|5.0|Rutherford is great at one thing- making history fun! Where other scholars books would drone on and on in a monotonous way, Rutherford gets history across to his readers through fiction. London was particularly interesting to me- I picked up my copy when I was studying in London and read it religiously on my tube commute. I already knew quite a bit about London's history, which made me appreciate all of the little jokes in it. This book is great for &quot;newbies&quot; to London's history as well as those who already know it. Very refreshing and highly recommended!
B00004X01U|4.0|In a circuit full of Bubblegum Pop, Madonna brings the underground dance music into the mainstream with Mirwais. This album is more mature than Ray Of Light, but I admit that I like the 1998 album better than Music, simply because the Techno/ Dance tune of William Orbit is more digestable. For some reason, most of the tracks in Music, sound a bit folky pop/dance. If you like this album, consider Kylie Minogue's Light Years!!
B0000029DD|5.0|I think that this just might be one of the best albums to come out of the 1990s. It is very very true. What makes this man so very special? There is a fairly large range of musical perspectives, and all brought together (when otherwise, wouldn't it all just be really confusing to have an R&amp;B like number, juxtaposed with raging alt. rock?) with his FABULOUS FABULOUS SINGING VOICE! It gives you chills and makes you feel lucky to have gotten your mits on this album. Sigh. So so very special. All the songs are gems. It is too bad he died so very young.
B00000DC10|5.0|This album was a marking point in the world of music.  I can't beging to explain the callibur of this musical masterpeice.  Dennis Lyxen has so much creativity in his vocals.  The rest of the band has amazing rythim and great ideas for the shape of thier music.  This is the most creative album I have ever heard, and I am deeply impressed at what they acomplished.  There will never be another like this.
034537410X|4.0|Though somewhat heavy on dream research Laberge's work serves as an admirable and practical guide on how to achieve lucid dreaming and the conscious awareness and participation in dreams that can help overcome the entrapped feeling we associate with nightmares. However, I found that reading David Dahl's THE BLUE DEER &amp; OTHER DREAMTALES did more to heighten my participation in, and memory of, my own nocturnal life.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Hey, if you're a new Radiohead listener, this is a great first album to get. Radiohead: they're just the best. # 4, Exit Music (For A Film) just gave me chills. You'll love this album. It rocks.
0062502174|5.0|I can only say that every one in thier life time should read this book not only once but at least three times. I have baught this book for all my friends, and family members, all around the world, they have this book in every language, I gave one to my mom in farsi, one to my dad and another to my sister, I finished the book the first night I got it, because I loved the book so much I could not put it down. This book had a great story behind it...and it taught me so much about my self and about my life... Every single one of my friends that I gave this book to, it changed thier lives in diffrent ways. They all loved the book and thanked me for giving it to them.<br />Let me tell you this straight up, After you finish this book and put it down I will garantee that you will be in shock and from that day on you will become a better peorson. And you will know what you want from life.... This book is based on the teachings of Roomie, and it will make you want to chase your dreams and follow your dreams, and realise what life is all about...<br />I recomend this book to every one and I hope that one day it will become a requiered reading for kids at school....<br />This is the best book that I have ever read, and no book has ever left such impact on me as this one did...<br />Mehrbod
B00003CXE7|3.0|Too much plot.  Too much unbelievable plot.  Pacing is off and battle scenes become progressively less engaging.  Special effects are wondrous, but whoever wrote the script doesn't even have a passing acquaintance with Roman history.  And Mr. Phoenix cries, weeps and sobs with impressive femininity.
B00004X01U|5.0|MUSIC is Madonna's very best album in years (the single and the album are both #1!!!).  It has a very unique sound because it sounds really modern and new age as well as earthy and very nostalgic.  MUSIC picked up where RAY OF LIGHT left off mixing electronica tunes with a beautiful voice.  Here's my favorite tracks on the album: MUSIC -Reminds me of some of her older songs (like INTO THE GROOVE or EVERYBODY), very danceable, very fast and enjoyable to listen to.  IMPRESSIVE INSTANT - This has to be my favorite track on the entire album, very modern sounding (tons of electronica!), it reminds me of the theme-song for Josie And The Pussycats.  Madonna's voice on this track sounds especially high and beautiful.  AMAZING - Really beautiful song w/ lots of great-sounding background music, sounds like a slower version of BEAUTIFUL STRANGER.  CYBERRAGA -This song is only on the MUSIC single (and the Japanese album) but I really love it and think it should have been on the album.  Madonna sings and chants in Indian and reminds us that a 'material girl' can do more that just catchy dance tunes.  You go girl!  So even if you're not a Madonna fan I recommend MUSIC to you because you will really enjoy it.  In the year 2000 Madonna really does rule the world!!  Music brings the people together...
0767803434|5.0|I like this DVD because I can skip over all the &quot;disbelief&quot; stuff written into this &quot;popcorn fodder&quot; and go write into the effects chapters. Wolfgang Petersen is one of my favorite directors and he knows how to do action films.  The writing on this picture is not one of his best efforts but the editing and special effects make it shine.   The KC-10 Tanker blowing up is spectacular along with the USAF F-15 fighters attacking the MiG's.  The air to air rescue is believable from an operations standpoint but it takes two very skilled pilots to maintain speed and altitude for the transfers.  The crash of AFO looks a a bit cheesy--could have been better done.  The Jerry Goldsmith score is thundering and plays well over a nice sound system.  The picture transfer and 5 to 1 dolby is first rate.  This one is worth having.
B00004TRD8|4.0|My problem is with the Special edition only. Theatrical and Easter egg edition work fine. The problem is, at the point near the end when the Terminator is being lowered into the steel and dies you see his view and the horizontal red line goes to a red dot on the middle of the screen indicating he is history, there is a chapter change. This resets my machine and starts the DVD over from like a fresh bootup. It could be my first generation Panasonic 300 DVD player I don't know. If anyone is having this problem, please email me at mkar@xtdl.com
0312952813|4.0|I can't get enough of Michael Connelley. I was introduced to him in 'Void Moon' and I haven't been disappointed yet! 'The Black Ice' introduces the reader back to Harry Bosch who is investigating the apparent suicide of an anti-narcotics cop. But, as usual, things are not always as they seem in Boschs' world and soon is in Mexico, looking for answers that involves drugs and a body count.<br />Bosch is a superb character and Connelly is sensational at developing him and making a brilliant story to go along with it. The reason that I love picking up anything that Connelly has written is that everything he writes is different and extremely entertaining and that is what keeps me coming back for more!<br />If you are sick of the usual 'whodunit's and want thrillers with a twist or few, then pick up The Black Ice or Void Moon, you won't be disappointed!
B00004X01U|5.0|I've always been intrigued by Madonna, but who hasn't. I wasn't a fan of her music until &quot;Ray of Light&quot; hit the shelves, but her new album &quot;Music&quot; blows &quot;Ray of Light&quot; out of the sky. Motherhood has done wonders for Madonna. She has some deep insight into life and relationships. Buy this album, and you won't regret it.
B00001ZULV|3.0|Genesis has been around since 1967, and over the course of sixteen studio albums with six discrete lineups the only constant has been change: though every album brims with expansive musicianship and philosopical lyrics which have generally eschewed the more common subject matter of rock songs (love and dancing), each release reinvents the band into new modulations of instrumentality, production and design aesthetics.  For this reason, among others, Genesis has always waged a love-hate flirtation with popularity and commercial success.  During the band's classic period with Peter Gabriel at the helm, fan response was rabid, but ten minute tracks about internecine war among forest wolves (&quot;White Mountain&quot;) or imperialist man-eating vines (&quot;The Return of the Giant Hogweed&quot;) do not great radio play make.<br />With the release of one of their first unabashed love songs (&quot;Follow You Follow Me&quot;) in 1978, Genesis first tasted the success that other bands of their ilk like Boston or Yes had been enjoying.  While maintaining their talent for long exploratory pieces and solo virtuosity, Genesis exploited this strategy during the reign of lead singer Phil Collins until the massive success of 1986's &quot;Invisible Touch,&quot; which drew a crowd for their live show at Wembly Stadium that was larger than that arena had ever seen, made some of their die-hard fans finally conclude that they had 'sold out,' and left the band feeling as though there was nothing left to accomplish.  It was six years before Genesis's next album.<br />The conflict between core Genesis music and that which sells albums may explain why they have refrained for all these years from releasing a compilation or retrospective album.  Instead, they have steadily produced concert recordings, one for every three studio albums, that include live versions of the pop hits as well as epic medleys of the fans' favorite classics like &quot;In the Cage&quot; or &quot;The Cinema Show.&quot;  It is to the band's credit that they have been able to add longer works to this list even after achieving commercial success, with late-era tour-de-forces like &quot;Home by the Sea&quot; and &quot;Driving the Last Spike.&quot;<br />But none of these is included on &quot;Turn it On Again: The Hits,&quot; released at long last possibly because of the mediocre success of 1997's &quot;Calling All Stations&quot; with novice lead singer Ray Wilson and the imminent probable dissolution of Genesis.  That's because &quot;The Hits&quot; is exactly what this CD contains, quite literally.  Die-hard fans will say that this release misses everything that made Genesis what it was.  This is the reason the disc isn't called The Best of Genesis or even Greatest Hits.  But the &quot;best of&quot; disc that the fans want can't really be created, and to be blunt, &quot;Turn it On Again&quot; isn't aimed at them.  It's for those who have listened to Genesis's pop hits on the radio over the last decade and refrained from buying entire albums because of those long weird instrumental tracks that get in the way.It is to the band's credit that they have been able to add longer works to this list even after achieving commercial success, with late-era tour-de-forces like &quot;Home by the Sea&quot; and &quot;Driving the Last Spike.&quot;<br />But none of these is included on &quot;Turn it On Again: The Hits,&quot; released at long last possibly because of the mediocre success of 1997's &quot;Calling All Stations&quot; with novice lead singer Ray Wilson and the imminent probable dissolution of Genesis.  That's because &quot;The Hits&quot; is exactly what this CD contains, quite literally.  Die-hard fans will say that this release misses everything that made Genesis what it was.  This is the reason the disc isn't called The Best of Genesis or even Greatest Hits.  But the &quot;best of&quot; disc that the fans want can't really be created, and to be blunt, &quot;Turn it On Again&quot; isn't aimed at them.  It's for those who have listened to Genesis's pop hits on the radio over the last decade and refrained from buying entire albums because of those long weird instrumental tracks that get in the way.
0783226845|4.0|i held off for a long time on watching this movie because i expected to be overly-emotional mushy drivel.  instead, it's hilarious (a blind pacino racing a ferrari around NYC) and very watchable.  pacino is wonderful to watch- he's truly one of the greatest actors ever.
6305603847|5.0|This is a fabulous DVD.  Everyone knows how great The Wall is but the big news here is the DVD transfer: It's an excellent master beautifully edited, and all of the bonus content is interesting and worth watching. Navigation around this DVD's menus is the easiest I've seen on any DVD, able to work easily with any kind of player and responsive, as well as beautifully designed... I was surfing around to the various menu screens just for fun!  Then there's the movie itself, whose picture is crystal clear and sharp.  There are three audio options depending on your stereo setup, Dolby 5.1, Dolby Surround, or normal two-channel.  This makes the sound optimum and the sucker really KICKS.  Add in the missing &quot;Hey You&quot; as a standalone video and you've got a fabulous release of this classic film.
B00004X01U|1.0|This is a disappointing album.I feel like I am back in the early eighties and Madonna is just starting off her career.The music is too flat and the lyrics are so predictable that you can sing the next words without having to listen to it a few times first.Madonnas voice sounds like that of a teenager with no power and no strength to her vocals.There is only one half way decent song on here,the rest sound similar and it's hard to pick out one from the next.     This is nowhere near as good as Ray Of Light.Is the material girl running out of ideas for new material perhaps?
B00004W55E|5.0|I'm a Ferrell fan...  have been for quite some time.  However, this new CD recertifies my interest in her music.  To me, this CD combines classic jazz vocals with some awesome bass, funk, and soul.  It's nice to see an artist with her rawness and intensity expand into new ground.
B00004XONN|5.0|Ok lets get things straight this is not a review of Ok computer nor is it a review of the Bends (they have no relevence on the quality of this record).Kid A is a fantastic record- fittingly dark yet strangley warm and inviting. Stand out tracks include 'Idioteque','How to dissapear','Motion picture soundtrack' and 'optimistic.' All are among the finest work Radiohead have done.The other tracks all set the mood (though are still superb) in this original and well worthy album by Radiohead. Not so much a track list of hits as a mood setting classical piece (along the lines of such classics as 'the dark side of the moon').However it is different, do not expect the bends, do not expect guitars at every turn, do not expect to like it on first hearing.It angers me a great deal when many critics have dismissed this album on first hearing simply becuase it isnt Ok computer.Take this record for what it is and you will be justly rewarded.The best album since Ok computer (and i dont just mean by Radiohead).
B00004XQP4|4.0|This is a stellar album.  It is not quite the same as Nimrod, but Green day's sound has matured a whole lot.  Standout tracks include jackass, minority, and blood, sex and boose.
B00004XONN|4.0|it's become quite cliched to proclaim radiohead as the &quot;saviors of rock&quot;, which can't be more obvious right now, as every critic and their mother has acclaimed kid a as the greatest album in a long time, without having even heard it.  well, i may sound pessimistic, but radiohead is still my favorite band.  this cd is, of course, amazing.  the first four tracks are treasures, sometimes surpassing ok computer's lineup.  everything in its right place and the national anthem are very different from past radiohead material, and how to disappear completely is a creepy, slow number.  treefingers is a wordless soundscape, but doesn't really stand out.  it's followed by optimistic, arguably the best song here.  there are guitars on this one, so fans of the older stuff will likely take to this song first.  the last few songs are where the album doesn't live up to the crazy (and frankly unrealistic - for any band) expectations everyone had.  idioteque is a great track because it's radically different yet it works, and it's still very radiohead.  motion picture soundtrack doesn't close the album as well as the tourist did for ok computer.  the early version (circa 98) of this song was amazing, and i'm left to wonder if the band changed it around simply for &quot;artsy&quot; purposes.  it's understandable that they're trying to avoid treading over old ground (ie: predominantly using guitars), but the song suffers in its new arrangement.  clearly this is not a disappointment; it's a necessary listen for anyone who liked ok computer (not those who just liked karma police), and it certainly makes us wonder how they're going to progress from here.
B00004XONN|4.0|I like this album. I really do. If you couldn't see this exact album coming for miles then maybe you don't really know Radiohead as much as you claim to. I expect to see quite a few one-and-two star reviews for &quot;Kid A,&quot; but that's predictable. Radiohead, fortunately, are NOT predictable. There is some absolutely gorgeous stuff on here that owes nothing to &quot;rock&quot; as most have come to understand it. I commend the band for refusing to feed into genre cliches. Those who enjoy this the most will be those with a wider field of references and interests than merely indie-rock. And no, it's not &quot;Radiohead's Electronica Album&quot; or anything that simplistic or cut-and-dried. Radiohead are neither simplistic nor cut-and-dried. But if you're a fan, I thought you knew that. Anyway, before you write that dismissive review, listen to some Stockhausen or even King Crimson (aah, now there's a comparison...). Open up your mind. And sorry EMI, no Christmas bonuses this year!
0316921173|5.0|This book is an absolute epic saga of the the weirdest people ever to ever haunt the pages of Po-Mo literature.  <br />Ever wonder what a seizure is like?  How about getting wedged in the little bathroom vent window on a mass-transit bus?  How about a lengthy description of an armless and legless man trying to light a cigarette?  You think our President is crazy?  Did you ever hear of a society for the hideously deformed?  How about militant Canadian wheelchair assassins?  How about gigantic fans that blow toxic fumes into what was formerly known as Vermont?  How about a film that's so good that it makes you totally subservient; a movie so good that it destroys everything inside you except for the desire to KEEP WATCHING!<br />That's only a piece of what this book is.  It's absolutely absurd.  It's completely stupifying. If you had any sense at all,you'd avoid this book at all costs. It will consume you from beginning to end, and it will haunt you and make you laugh for no apparent reason long afterward.
B000002WPI|5.0|ok, there's only a couple things that need to be said...if you like hip hop/rap, if you think you like it, or you think it would be cool to like it, dont talk about it at all unless youve listened to this album.  understand it, appreciate it, rza is a genius get that too...then talk about how will smif is the &quot;phattest rapper&quot;... um yeah and p.s. redman is NOT in wu...he just blazes a bit with meth
B00004U8PA|5.0|RHPS iz kul cuz it waz scare weth tha langera frankensten, and got ma al horne 2,
B00004XONN|5.0|Genetics, Mass Consumption, Super Media Markets, Chemical Parks, Industrial Playgrounds...these are the places in which Kid A's quiet sonic trills and dribbles articulate of, the places in which our landscapes have become riddled with as we approach the 22nd century.  It's ghostly voice inhabits all that the broad scope of the future may foresee; and it's design is that of spatial gallops through wide open space.  Flesh will one day become nonexistent, instead replaced by biotic mechanical nano-implants; malls will float in the exosphere, and virtual reality will merge with life, and all the trappings of the imagination will blur with reality...such is the message of Radiohead's latest efforts: Kid A, about a child growing up without any parents, other than the surrogates in technology.  Everything in it's right place, beginning with a video-game synth intro, melting into pulsing rhythms and a cut-up vocodered voice repeating the mantra Kid A.  Replicating like genes, the meshed voices are layered in the background, and the sounds quieten and returning without any discernable methode.  With a tinge of paranoia, this is about the coalescence of single cells,chained into molecules, into the first replicated human.  The title track is then a recording session on the baby's first words, and it's first self-realization of consciousness.  The underlining theme of it's conception is for the betterment of society, and the elimination of fear, as it repeats, &quot;standing in the shadows of the valley of death&quot;. National Anthem then conveys how the youngster feels toward society: so near yet so alone. He is like noone, like nothing ever seen on the planet, and he is treated as such, and his alienation pits him against the world. This enables him to disappear and never be found, to walk through walls of people, cultures, and identify with the animals in their sequestration with humanity.  Treefingers then finds our hero dreaming of the expanses of space with it's many creatures and chunks of colored void.  A reassuring thought comes over him: everything that has happened was mean't to happen, and all actions are therefore the best you can hope for, illustrated in Optimistic.  Offsetting these feelings is a reemersion into reality, telling himself that he's living in a fantasy world and that to hope for utopia is as fruitless an idea as it is a concept.  Predicting the future for himself, he sees an veritable ice-age for humanity that is lost in technology and out of touch with their identity.....that reality is set in concrete and is not like the amorphous stars.  In Morning Bell, he relinqiushes all desire to live in this terrifying world, and death finally arrives in Motion Picture Soundtrack, where Kid A is no longer afraid, but happy that there maybe another reality beyond life, his rejoinder being: I will see you in the next life.  Entering heaven, rejoicing with the angels, he is suspended into the realm of the divine, leaving the this mortal coil, in hopes for a better reincarnation.  What is left is a hum, a moment of silence, then an emersion of bliss, like a Koi swimming in crystalline waters.
6304675348|1.0|and eih didnt get it, its not lick kul scare movys lick The Rocky Horror Picture Show or Don't Open the Door,
B00004XONN|5.0|Let's get something straight right from the outset - it works. The ten tracks of this slightly short album (I had heard that they had enough material for three CD's...clearly not all good stuff) blend seamlessly. Kid A opens with a very trippy synthetic sound that almost resembles Massive Attack, only without the heavy beats. It is pensive, moody, and slightly distant at times. &quot;Everything in its right place&quot; grabbed me immediately, but the seamless blend of music does make the album less than immediately accessible.<br />Realising this, the band made some tracks like &quot;The National Anthem&quot; and &quot;Morning Bell&quot; which have very noticeable guitar riffs or drum beats. I have no clue what Thom is singing, and though the very exciting packaging might have the answer to my queries, I have not yet found it. Still, no different to the other albums in that respect.<br />But comparisons are dangerous. The sound is distinctly Radiohead inasmuch as the singing is familiar...but not much else stands up for comparison. This is a different album to OK Computer, though it is a natural progression from it, and has structural similarities - the symphonic nature of Kid A, with its obvious opening and closing evokes both it, and to a lesser extent the Bends.<br />If you are a Radiohead fan for the melodies, you may well be disappointed. This does not have any classic tracks on it, but it is a very solid album, and I for one am seriously enjoying my fourth listen. The shift to increasingly synthetic sounds makes this a very &quot;now&quot; album, which I think they are picking up on with the lyric - &quot;ice age coming, ice age coming&quot;.<br />&quot;Give it a listen before you buy it&quot; would be the most sensible advice, but if you are a real fan, you'll buy it without hesitation and then come and criticise my review. Enjoy!
067088278X|2.0|We just weeded this book out of our collection.<br />While thiswould be an otherwise charming book, there are simply too many pageswith the characters toting guns.<br />This is not meant to be censorship.But we feel kids are exposed to guns everywhere in our culture, so whynot filter a few out when we can?<br />Let's reward the writers andpublishers who print gun-free books.<br />There are SO MANY wonderfulbooks for kids out there.  We're taking the small step of weeding outbooks with guns until our kids are a bit older.
B000031WBV|4.0|Arthur Rubinstein's pianism was as noteworthy for what it lacked as for what it featured.  One of the many factors (aside from the obvious technical and tonal ones) which made Rubinstein's Chopin so compelling was his refusal to cross the line separating sentiment (epathy) and sentimentality (schmaltz).<br /><br />The performances in this, Rubintein's third -- and final -- traversal of Chopin's Nocturnes are remarkably straightforward and direct.  Each of the performances starts out simply, with natural phrasing and tactful, unobtrusive use of rubato.  The structure of each piece is clear, and Rubinstein resists the temptation to linger over this-or-that phrase for \\"added emotional effect.\\"  Far from draining the emotional impact of these miniature masterworks, Rubinstein's performances actually heighten the impact of each piece, especially those in minor keys.  Perhaps the greatest tribute to Rubinstein's treatment of these pieces is that even the most well known Nocturnes emerge as totally fresh works.  The pianist, by the 1960s considered the \\"elder statesman\\" of Chopin, gives faithful renditions of these works, and this is the set I would recommend to someone hearing the Nocturnes for the first time.<br /><br />Yet it must also be stated that while Rubinstein's approach makes this an excellent reference set, I would not want to be without the more imaginative Nocturnes he recorded in the 1930s, which I frankly turn to more often for enjoyment.  Another issue is that Rubinstein, whose hearing was failing by the 1960s, almost never plays a true pianissimo.<br /><br />RCA's excellent remastering of the mid-1960s stereo tape gives an accurate idea of the gorgeous sound Rubinstein could get from a piano.
B000002L82|5.0|The original UK release (1983) on CD is really the version to have, as this lacks the disruption of Blue Monday (a great song, but messes up the feel of the album).  The cover art, which in my opinion is the best of New Order's albums (and only slightly less impressive than Unknown Pleasures and Closer) is by a late 19th century French painter whose modus operandi was to try to incorporate sound into his painting.  This is a great metaphor for this entire album, because the rich sonic textures invariably leave you with breath taking visual ideas.  Moreover, taken as a whole, the album offers an incredible roller coaster ride through various human emotions, and creates a larger canvas made up of several strokes.  Each song is powerful, but the total effect is more than the sum of the parts.  If you define a great album by a combination of songs to make a whole, then this is New Order's best.
B00004XONN|5.0|I thought I had heard the absolute best in music 3 years ago, when I listened to OK Computer.  Let me assure you all that this record represents not only an incredible follow-up to an already classic album, but also a revolution in popular music.  With Kid A, Radiohead have chosen to abandon the path followed by &quot;mainstream&quot; groups and create a road all their own.  Without a doubt, this is the most spine-chilling collection of sound I have ever heard, and it is also the most breathtakingly brilliant recording I have ever listened to.  If you want to hear music at its most dynamic and original, then look no further than Kid A.  It may confuse and even shock some people, but it will never disappoint.
1558908358|5.0|The special effects in this movie cannot be compared to what we have today. In 82 it was revolutionary. Today they are ancient history. Regardless of that, the story in this movie makes you travel in another dimension. This a cult classic sci-fi that is a must in a collection. Fantastic movie!
B00004X01U|5.0|I have been a Madonna fan since day one, and I'd have to say that this is my favorite albulm yet.  It jam packed with upbeat, energetic tracks.  Madonna has come a long way with this albulm, it's a reflection of her maturity and growth over the years.  It's a whole new voice for this legendary diva.  This is the best dance music albulm ever!
6301966988|5.0|One of the greatest love stories ever created in a movie. It's an unusual love story that contains metaphysical elements giving the experience of eternity.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Here we get front row seats to watch Green Day take their punk style and snot rock ethics (that we saw fading away on Nimrod) and turn them into alt-rock greatness. You might remember back in 1994, Green Day was on top of the world. Their major label debut sold over 14 million copies worldwide. Now, after two albums of lesser success, Insomniac (1995) and Nimrod (1997), Green Day has re-emerged from the grave with a semi-new sound, but the same attitude. The songs are all much longer than the average Green day song, like, &quot;Misery,&quot; is over 5 minutes long. There is an example of the classic Green Day ballad, &quot;Macy's Day Parade,&quot; in tradition of fan-favorite songs , &quot;Words I Might Have Ate,&quot; and, &quot;Good Riddance.&quot; There's a few average Green day songs thrown in, (mixed with this semi-new format/style) like, &quot;Jackass&quot; and &quot;Blood, Sex and Booze.&quot; while they fit under the category of 'regular' GD songs, don't count them out - they're just as good as any other song on this album. Songs like, &quot;Waiting,&quot; &quot;Minority,&quot; &quot;Waiting,&quot; and &quot;Church on Sunday,&quot; show off the new Green Day sound, and do it nicely. Then there are tracks like, &quot;Hold On,&quot; with harmonica (see: &quot;Walking Alone&quot;) and the title track, remind me of power-pop bands like 3 Doors Down, but with Green Day's own flare. This flare puts a whole new, interesting spin on the music. So, bottom line is fans of alt-rock and (Bearnaked Ladies, 3 Doors Down) fans of punk/pop-punk (Blink-182, Offspring, The Get Up Kids, MxPx) alike will enjoy this album as well as people who are yet to get into any type of music like this. I gave this album 5 Stars because I think it has the power to attract new fans. And if your a fan of old-style Green Day, listen to this album and you'll discover they're the same old guys... They just grew up.
B000022TSY|5.0|Yes, the editing is flawed or whatever, but it does not detract form this masterpiece. I compare this movie with &quot;Do The Right THing&quot;. It takes you into the life of some characters you don't know, makes you see it their way and kills them off for no reason other than prejudice. Some say it's slow. Well slow down with it. As for Jack, I think his character is the worst. That bad accent stunk compared to the believable characters of Fonda and Hopper. Forget your politics in this. Forget what you think of drugs. This is about bigotry and hatred. &quot;Normal people see freedom and it makes them scared.&quot; &quot;It don't make them runnin' scared.&quot; It speaks to any generations disaffected youth. If it's 60's longhair or an 80's punk or a 90's goth.
B0000033OZ|5.0|When you hear entirely this album, you may feel that it was very short, though it isn't indeed. It just happens that you are listening to very intense music. You can't hear well ELP or progressive music while talking to someone, working or doing something else. Progressive rock wasn't made to be background music, party music or videoclip. When you hear it, the music itself demands that the main activity should be listening - you just can't alienate. That's why, maybe, progressive rock is sometimes not noticed by many people.<br /> This was the first record of one of the most imperative bands of british rock, with unparalleled musical achievements in the genre during the seventies, some kind of blackout during the eighties, and a frustrating comeback in the nineties (thinking about new studio records, and not about live performances, which remained unforgettable).<br /> Probably more than any other album of ELP, there are here lots of classical music quotes, like Bartk's \\"Allegro Barbaro\\" (\\"The Barbarian\\") or Bach's \\"Allemande\\" from \\"French Suite\\" n.1 and Janack's \\"Sinfonietta\\" (\\"Knife Edge\\"). That's one of the wonders of progressive music: melting styles in a way that a new result emerges. Some groups have failled in this, their result was a poor collage. Nevertheless ELP never made this mistake. Their sound was always original. Probably, together with surprising harmonies and rhythm, these are the most remarkable characteristics of ELP.<br /> \\"Take a Pebble\\" has an eternal poetry, with intimate guitar lines, percussion inserts and bright piano solos. For those who like the latter, probably this is the best ELP album, with incredible piano lines in \\"The Three Fates\\", too. This literally explosive composition is a highlight, foreseeing Emerson's solo style in the eighties, like the astonishing \\"Inferno\\" soundtrack.<br /> \\"Tank\\" tell us about the instrumental power of the trio, revealing why it's impossible to get disappointed when you see a ELP show, be it in seventies or nineties - they are very good musicians and with a chemistry no one could imitate. One can say that ELP is the most inimitable group of rock of all history. Even they couldn't imitate themselves when creativity was missing in the last records.<br /> \\"Lucky Man\\" is a classic hit, and probably the first synthesiser solo of rock history. Emerson was the first one to play synthesisers in a rock show, and he convinced Bob Moog that those keyboards could be used on stage. This probably was decisive for popular music, with the creation of mini-moog and the popularity synthesizers got after that. Of course, not everybody made good use of it, but that's another matter.<br /> Some records you hear through a month and then you never hear them again. This record is a lifelong hearing.
B000024RQV|4.0|Just purchased this &quot;remastered&quot; edition in fall2000, it's worth the [money] to upgrade from the US CD version.  Be cautioned, there is nothing in the packaging or booklet insert to know that it is a &quot;remastered&quot; version so don't be alarmed.  I had to compare it to the US version I have had for ten years, it only took about 10 seconds of listening to &quot;Is It Mine&quot; and the piano intro to hear the difference.  It is wonderful to hear such sonics and sounds, that I enjoyed in college, as the group intended them to be.  Although A&amp;M had a great reputation for excellent LP recordings, many of their CD issues of such recording were a disappointment.  This remastered is worth it.....the debate about the value of the album and whether or not they &quot;sold out&quot; is pointless, your opinion is yours alone, I love it and the remastered version, for those that also love it, is a must buy!
B00004XQP4|4.0|this cd is ok.  It doesn't sound like the green day we are used to.  not as good as dookie. if you want another dookie try somewheres else.
0440219078|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  The plot, I thought, was very imaginative.  Lois Lowry added a lot of detail, and did a very good job describing the memories.  I thought she did a very good job at showing how bad this type of soceity really was.  The idea that no one was truly an individual is scary.  I would have given this book 5 stars, but I didn't really like the end that much.  It ended very abruptly, and left a lot to the imagination.<br />~JP~ Ipswich High School
B00004XONN|4.0|Well, most of my knowledge with the new album concludes with the show i saw two months ago...raiohead performed here in israel and i think did the entire album (something that was a bit unusual due to the fact that no1 ever heared the songs) never the less...it's radiohead, and like all of the main-streem bands, guitarists and other musicians, know now that everything in modern music has already been tried out and they went into the unknown world of the electronic music. u need a very open mind to get into this album but radiohead fans will enjoy this 1 whatever happens...
B00004XONN|5.0|I wont repeat here what's been said elswhere.The music can thaw your heart, and the thoughts scare the pants off of you.  A challenging piece.Jump in head first. <br />Right this way to the bunker, women and children first. More to the point, you will be touched by the emotions shared here. Listen with care. Interpret for yourself, its worth the effort.
B00004XONN|4.0|Well, most of my knowledge with the new album concludes with the show i saw two months ago...raiohead performed here in israel and i think did the entire album (something that was a bit unusual due to the fact that no1 ever heared the songs) never the less...it's radiohead, and like all of the main-streem bands, guitarists and other musicians, know now that everything in modern music has already been tried out and they went into the unknown world of the electronic music. u need a very open mind to get into this album but radiohead fans will enjoy this 1 whatever happens...
B00004XONN|5.0|For some of Radiohead's loyal following, this album will confound and infuriate. Radiohead has pushed themselves further into electronica with this experimental, at times difficult album. For those who wanted OK Computer again, I send my regrets.<br />However, when viewed as a progression, instead of a digression, this work is an amazing success. Delving further into electronic style, Radiohead pushes into new territory. The title track has vocals so distorted, one can't even be sure they are Yorke's. But all the work is unmistakably Radiohead- the same themes of despair and death hang on the songs, and Yorke's distinctive quivering vocals still amaze, when they are recognized.<br />So pick this album up. Even if you dislike it, it will be important to hear the newest workings of one of Rock's most relavent bands.
B00004XONN|5.0|It's sad that people judge each album released by a group as a milestone by which the quality of the group can be measured. Radiohead put down Kid A with several intentions in mind, the foremost of which was not to be purposefully obtuse but to redefine the concept of what an album actually is. They wanted Kid A to be more than a collection of songs built to support a couple of radio singles, which is all that modern albums are. On the other hand, they did not want to create a 'concept album.' What they did is create an album of songs that rely on one another for support. As a whole, the thing is sheer genius. It surpasses OK Computer on certain aspects and falls short in others. Brevity, for example: OK Computer was too long by two songs and should've rightly ended at ''No Surprises.''<br />Kid A is, ironically, not indicative of what Radiohead has become nor the direction they're headed. It is nothing but wrong to judge a band on the merits of a single album for that lifts the album out of its greater context like lifting singles out of an album removes them from their lesser context. This album will be misunderstood for a long time.<br />In retrospect, it will most likely be viewed as an interlude between OK Computer and the unnamed fifth album. To summarize: Kid A is not only an excellent album that has perhaps the best flow of an album in the past twenty years, it is a required addition to any Radiohead fan's library.
0790731452|4.0|A highly irresistable and entertaining throwback to the paranoia/sci-fi/disaster films of the 1950's, only this time peppered with a wickedly dirty sense of humor.<br />Based on the Topps trading card collection, this movie's title pretty much says it all. Grotesque, green skinned martians invade our planet, incinerating everything they come across. Yes, the classic ray guns and flying saucers are all here. The special effects are nothing short of astounding!<br />If you've seen any one of Tim Burton's other films, you already know he has a flair for the bizarre. This film is certainly no exception. The well researched, uproarious script does work, despite what you may have heard, and the cast members are all fun to watch.<br />You should find this, if anything, more than just a little amusing. DO NOT MISS IT!
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has once again mystified me with their brilliance.  They set the tone for their new sound on their previous release OK Computer, but with their new project Kid A, Radiohead venture into uncharted territories!  This LP is full of new surprises for the listener.  From the distorted vocals of Thom Yorke, to the electronic genius of the rest of the band.  This album definetly takes a few listens for it to kick into gear, but when it does, watch out, cause it is going to blow your mind.  With techno-pop envading the mainstream airwaves, it seems as though music is definetly taking a turn for the better, and if Kid A is any indictation of the future of rock, then &quot;Everything is in its right place!&quot;  Check out their video &quot;Meeting People is Easy.&quot;  It is excellent!
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is more satisfying listening experience than that of your normal pop act.  It is like taking a journey with a band, not knowing where you may end up but willing and glad you took the trip.  I have to say that there are a few stand out tracks -&quot;Everything in it's right place&quot;,and &quot;How to disapear completely and never be found&quot; (which is just as good as anything they have ever put out if not better), but it is the album as a whole that should be viewed, not it's pieces. The album took me back to the days when Pink Floyd were putting out beautful seemless albums that concentrated more on musical exploration and ingenuity rather than its marketable tracks.  Thank you Radiohead for Kid A, how I've missed you.
0446604844|5.0|Five stars for the book, zero for the tape ... or, maybe one. But that's it. When I read the book I couldn't put it down until I finished it. It's amazing what you can do with computers nowadays. All the corruption, not knowing what's going to happen next, really awesome!  When I recommended it to my Dad, he wasn't too interested at first but after reading the first chapter he was hooked. I gave it to a friend of mine to read but he thought it was really dull and got the audiocassette. We listened to it together, I thought the tape was really dull. The way David Dukes reads the voice of Sidney Archer is ridiculous, all the different accents, although they're all from the same place ... not so great. The way he reads it you don't even like the characters because their voices sound so silly.
B00004XONN|5.0|It was a tough job trying to out-do 1997's OK Computer, but Radiohead pulled it off.  Their new album, Kid A, is one of the best records of this new decade and will be for some time to come.  Radiohead not only abandoned almost all conventional ideas about music-making for Kid A - they also created something almost entirely new unto itself.  From looped digitized vocals, to a jazzed-up brass section blowing their soul over a heavy base line, to a sweet cynical lullabye, Radiohead has it all.  And to top it off, Radiohead added what will be considered a techno song - Idioteque - which just happens to be the best song on the album.  Even though radio stations will be honing in on Optimistic, the 6th track, The National Anthem and Idioteque are the most deserving.  This album should be listened to in one sitting, and has very few weak points.  Radiohead continue to amaze and make us wonder how they can possibly get any better, or any more uncontemporary.  And that's what gives them their special goodness... the ability to keep us on our toes.
B00004XONN|5.0|I believe that this is definatley their best work yet.  I have been a fan for years and everytime they come out with a new album they blow me away.  I would recomend this album to anyone who like Radiohead but I would suggest to those who are not big fan to first buy their three albums
1878424319|5.0|I received this book as a gift and let it sit for a while. When I finally read it, it spoke to me.  In a simple, straight forward manner Mr. Ruiz outlines a plan to live your best life. The teachings are similiar to Buddhist teachings and Judeo-Christian beliefs.  Central themes run through them all.  I plan on reading it again in a couple of months.  It is a book you can read it a couple of hours and &quot;blow through.&quot; But that misses the point.  I found myself ruminating on many of the passages. This book is truly a gift.
B000000W6R|3.0|Basically a bunch of B-sides, and it shows.  Some of the songs are quite good -- James Iha's (the George Harrison of the Pumpkins) &quot;Blew Away,&quot; is memorable and affecting, and the cover of &quot;Landslide&quot; is neat in a slightly off-kilter way -- but the album as a whole really doesn't cohere.  The chaff blends together very quickly, and few of the weaker songs stand out in any way: some drums, some growling guitar, some Billy Corgan whingeing, and neither the individual elements nor the overall package offers much new.  Most of the second half of the album is this way, although Starla is an interesting standout, with a real sense of depth, beauty, and energy.
B00004TFK3|5.0|THIS DVD IS AWESOME,MIB IS ON DVD FINALLY.I WAS WAITING FOR THIS MOVIE TO BE OUT ON DVD FOR 4 YEARS NOW IS HERE.MIB IS A WICKED SCI-FI MOVIE,AWESOME SPECIAL EFFECT I LIKE IT SO MUCH MAN!.WILL SMITH IS FUNNY AND A AWESOME ACTOR AND TOMMY LEE JONE WAS A GREAT ACTOR IN THIS MOVIE TOO.THE SUPPLEMENTAL IS COOL TOO,IT HAS TON OF COOL STUFF HERE THAT YOU CAN WATCH AND READ.I LOVE THE COMMENTARY FROM BOTH ACTOR AND THE DIRECTOR,THE VIDEO ON THE DVD WAS BRIGHT AND CLEAR AND THE AUDIO WITH THE DOLBY DIGITAL WAS A AWESOME SOUND.&quot;HERE COME THE MEN IN BLACK&quot;
B00004XQP4|5.0|This CD is a huge change from Green Day's past.  All of the tracks just sound alot different, although it is still very punky.  Top Tracks: -Warning -Minroity -Hold On -Castaway, and give or take, the ENTIRE CD. Not So Good Tracks: -Misery
B00004XONN|5.0|Well let me tell you this: if you are a Radiohead fan, youre bound to like this even though it isnt like anything youve heard from Radiohead. If youre not really a fan, but maybe own a R'head album, you probably wont enjoy this as much as you would like to. This is a hard listen, but give it time and you will not be disapointed. Every single song has a huge emotional core to it, which you wont hear the first couple of times you listen to it album, but again, give it time and you will be hooked. I cried my eyes off when i heard How To Disappear Completely for the 7 th (?) time. Its like you understand the songs when you get to know them better. Anyway to cut my review short: BUY this if your into Radiohead and if you are curious about the album, just buy it, give it time and soon you can'timagine life without it.
B00004XQP4|4.0|i think it is an excellent disc.  the songs are original but have th same punk style green day is known for.  it isnt their best, but it is definetly worth it!
B00004WIDQ|5.0|Jurassic Park, the movie that made dinosaur's popular, is back on DVD!  What a great transfer it is!  I was blown away by the special effects, and the sound transfer was amazing.  The &quot;boom&quot; of the T-Rex that makes ripples in the water cup is a thrilling moment, making the purchase of this movie essential.  So if the movie scared and thrilled and excited you when it was in theatres the first time, then buy this DVD and relive Spielberg's magical ride forever and ever in the comfort of your own home.  Only don't get too comfortable, cause you never know when the might velociraptors are going to attack next!
B00004XONN|5.0|WOW!  Mr. Yorke has left this planet. Full-on psychological transportation. A must listen for the accidental tourist en route to Saturn with a pit-stop to Earth. This will have to be their last CD as there is nothing left to make.
B00004XONN|4.0|Kid A explores territory that Radiohead was just discovering in OK Computer. Definitely acheives the same detached, spaced out mood of the prior album, but this time it has a more tranquil dream-like quality to it all. Radiohead also incorporate horns to their sound for this one... successfully too I might add!w/o spoiling the eccentricity that is them. A definite must for anyone who enjoyed where they were going on OK Computer and want to hear where they are now.
B00004XONN|5.0|WOW!  Mr. Yorke has left this planet. Full-on psychological transportation. A must listen for the accidental tourist en route to Saturn with a pit-stop to Earth. This will have to be their last CD as there is nothing left to make.
6305428387|5.0|I saw this movie like 4 times. It's a very enjoyable movie, with good actors -a fine John Candy, a good Leon and cast-, a good serius plot and great music. I recommend you to watch it!
B00003CXE7|5.0|The Best MOvie I have even seen. Great directing and acting!  Has everything you want, action, love, romance!  It has it all!
B0000019PA|3.0|Mabye I was expecting too much from this album,I looked at the reviews and was expecting my head to explode from the sheer greatness that is Neutral Milk Hotel. I only got semi-stiff from this one. Don't get me wrong it's an ok album with some decent tunes but nothing jumps out and grabs me. My advice for this week is to buy anything by Radiohead and the Cap'n Jazz anthology, it rocks!
B00004XQP4|4.0|I got this CD off napster and I love it even though I have to admit it is not as good as their past stuff but you should buy it because it is great anyways
B00004XONN|4.0|I have to start by saying that anyone who is interested in buying this album based on the fact that they enjoyed &quot;OK Computer&quot; may want to borrow it from a friend first. It is a 180 degree turn in terms of the type of music. The album has an electronica/trance feel to it, and lack the guitar band sound that was so perfect on Radiohead's previous albums. Having said that the album is really amazing. It's the kind of music you'd play when you just want to sit down and space out. Diehard fans should run out and buy it right away, preferably in the special edition - which has a different cover. Overall, I simply don't have enough time to say all the wonderful things I want to say about this record. Highly recommended.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead is my favorite group.  Ever since ok computer i have fallen in love with the brillance that these 5 guys are able to put out.  They put out a great album with the Bends. OK computer pushed the boundries to create a timeless album that stand next to the beatles best.  Ow they are pushing the envelope again with KID A.     From the first notes of &quot;everything in its right place&quot;, you can hear the dramatic change.  There are no obvious guitars on the track.  The keyboards float around as Thoms voice stutters in and out because it has been sampled and retooled. The lyrics are what one would expect from radiohead, bizzare and mysterious.  The second song, KID A, sounds like an old music box as it chimes a baby to sleep.  Thoms voice has been altered with a vocorder and the lyrics are incoherent and when read are not the sort of thing that would put me to sleep.  The drum line pounds in the background and the chimes ring.  The sweet sounds of KID A are followed by the angry NAtional Anthem.  it opens with a bass line that throws the album into full gear.  the end of the song is filled with a horn section that sounds only like something that tom waits would do.  this loud uproar is followed by the sweet How to disapeer comepltetly and never be found.  it is mournful and depressed.  By far the most beautiful track here.  Thoms voice is at its best soaring high above the world.  Treefingers is a ambiant track that is reminiscant of brian eno.  Optomistic follows and it is anything but.  Very bizzare and depressed.  Pure and blessed radiohead.  In Limbo has a great sound that has a walking and moving beat.  It moves you along and lets you feel the pace.  By far the most depressed song on here with brilliant lyrics.  Possibly the best on the album.  The biggest jump follows.   Idioteque is a techno song.  it even uses samples.  Its beat tatters as an organ plays beautiful chords in the background.  the song that you least like at first quickly becomes your favorite.  Morning bell comes in and is typical radiohead.  Motion Picture Soundtrack is possibly radioheads most beautiful song .  Thoms mournful voice sings above harps and everything.  Brilliant and it is the perfect ending to this near perfect album. If you liked OK computer and like radiohead, then yu must buy this.  if you don't than you are making the greatest mistake you ever could when buying music. i love it and you should.
B00004XONN|4.0|If being one of the greatest rock bands in the world was an easy thing to be then you wouldn't have albums like KID A and you wouldn't have reviewers talking about how it's a &quot;difficult&quot; record. But, unfortunately, after putting out something like OK COMPUTER, which was a small piece of brilliance and having everyone think it's great, you are stuck with the fact that the next one won't be as good to these people. But that doesn't mean it isn't great either. KID A is a very good album. It is much differant than any of it's predessessors, wich is how they've all been since Pablo Honey, and there's alot less going on vocaly than before and there's rarely a guitar involved so it is a little hard to get your head around it at first but it has some beautiful, glorious moments. &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; is a beautifully depressing piece and closest to the sound of &quot;OK&quot; with Thom York on acoustic guitar, and strings and keyboards filling out the rest. The Title track is one of the best on the album with Thom's vocals so treated you can hardly understand him but one eerie lyric: &quot;We have heads on sticks&quot; standing out. If you like Radiohead you will enjoy this and if you don't like Radiohead you might still like it. Either way, you should get a hold of one as it's probably the most intersting and unique record to come out this year and probably will be until the next Radiohead album hit stores.
6304535570|3.0|roger moore will always be the best actor to play the suave debonair simon templar a.k.a. The Saint.  i remember ian ogilvy and simon dutton also played the role on british tv but very poorly.  so val kilmer took the part as templar.  he's ok and the film's got some great action but c'mon, kilmer's not british!  A BRITISH ACTOR HAS 2 PLAY THE BRITISH CHARACTER!  jude law, hugh grant, ralph or joseph fiennes, clive owen of CROUPIER!  any thirtysomething athletic actor from the UK could've been THE SAINT.  Kilmer wears so many disguises here i thought i was seeing THE NUTTY PROF---uh, NUTTY SAINT.  elisabeth shue as a nuclear fission specialist or something of that nature, puh-leez.  and there must have been like 4-5 different endings before we hear roger moore in a voice cameo doing the BBC radio news.  still an ok flick but if there's a another SAINT movie, i suggest clive owen.  ok?  see him in the brilliant CROUPIER.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is simply Radiohead's best album to date. Their only comperable work can be found in their B sides or on the Airbag ep. But really, there can be no comparisons. Thematically beautiful and richly textured, Kid A is a trip down a melancholy and awe-striking sonic river. It's not as experimentally noisy as you've probably heard it is -- there is enough tonality and melody to hum along to, and enough complexity to boggle the mind. If all you've heard by Radiohead is Pablo Honey or the Bends, you probably want to listen to this before picking it up. However, if you're into Radiohead's B-sides and can't get enough of OK Computer, get Kid A immediately!  If you don't get goosebumps from Kid A, then you may not be human!  On a personal note, it's my new favorite album, and could be yours, too. . . .
B00004XONN|4.0|Outside of the realm of everyday pop music, sugar coated as it is, there tends to be three types of pop/rock bands and performers: those like Tom Waits or Neil Young who, after finding out what their listeners like make a decision to head in another direction, those like Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan or U2 who go their own way and hope that their following will see the glory of their new art (but often switch back if the results and sales are not where they would like them to be), and then finally those performers like Lou Reed or Radiohead who don't really care what their fans or critics think... they make their music on their terms and you either follow or drop out. Such is the case once again with &quot;Kid A&quot; by Radiohead. Music reviewers will undoubtably jump on the bandwagon and call the new CD the best of the year. Why? Well because someone decided their past albums were tops as well. Basically the media has labled these guys as the saviours of modern rock, and anything they do is a positive thing so long as they do not sell out. Rest assured they haven't. &quot;Kid A&quot; may well be the album of the year if you judge a CD's quality by its originality and ability to formulate a new thought, or at least find a new way to express an old one. If you are looking for deep, passionate lyrics or catchy pop hooks you are out of luck. Radiohead have once again gone out of their way to ensure that their music is anything but &quot;radio friendly.&quot; Case in point, there will be no singles released and no new videos for MTV2 to play. The Amazon review basically tells you what you need to know about the music: the songs seem less forceful that &quot;OK Computer&quot; but at the same time perhaps contain more depth as far as sonic scape and feel. Thom Yorke's has found a way for his vocals to be even more of a synthetic medium to match the drones a whirrs behind, and at times over top of, his lyrics. Some have called this new sound a Pink Floydian work... I see it closer to a modern version of the Velvet Underground; musicians who are highly talented trying to sound ordinary and less talented in order to create something fresh. The end product is, if not the album of the year and not up to par with &quot;OK Computer&quot; still far better than most other music you might come upon this holiday shopping season.
B00004XONN|4.0|Initially I was disappointed by the lack of aggressive rockers on this new album, but after three listens, found it to be a pleasant surprise.  Like Blur's 13, the ambient approach of Radiohead on Kid A created an album that can only satisfy the audience when heard straight through, from beginning to end.  No singles, no breakout hits, just a good solid album for audiophiles.   One of the best things about Radiohead has been following their progression from album to album as they avoid the pitfalls of commericalizing their artistic integrity.
B00004ZEPN|5.0|This was the best action film of the summer, the story keeps you interested from the very beginning to the end, I have not seen anything lately comparable to the fight with the charioteers in the circus!
B00004XONN|5.0|Well I just wanted to be the first to tell you that this cd has a lot of songs that I like, in fact nearly all of them.  My favorites are first, a little song called &quot;kid a,&quot; which people will complain distorts Thoms fine sounding voice and thus is not a good song; for me, however, I am very moved by the part when thom says &quot;rats and children follow me out of town.&quot;  Another big huge highlight is song three, aka Everyone, The National Anthem; I get very excited listening to this song, especially when the &quot;jazzers&quot; kick in.<br />This definetly isn't a typical UK electronic music CD.  Don't try to compare it to other group's work because it is different.<br />I could write more.
B00004XONN|4.0|Well, it's finally here, and it seems the boys in Radiohead have elected to follow the time-honored strategy of following up your hugest success with something that is no fun at all. (See also Nirvana's In Utero and Blur's 13.)  There is no High &amp; Dry on Kid A, nor any Karma Police.  Heck, there's not even a Lurgee.  No anthemic melodies or lush guitars are to be found.  Instead we have a total of two (count them) actual songs, Optimistic and How to Disappear, and about forty minutes of chilly, creepy mood music.   Not that this is bad. The National Anthem thumps along on its throbbing bassline like Primal Scream on a rainy day, before it shatters into dissonant horns.  On Morning Bell, Yorke wails inscrutably over an uneasy odd time signature.  None of these songs actually go anywhere, but they come across as evocative snapshots of madness. That being said, I hope the rumors are true that they've saved the real songs for LP #5 in the spring.  Kid A is a good listen, but not worth waiting three years for.
B000003S0I|4.0|I agreee with just about every positive thing previously written about this record.  This is a great album - a 'must have'.<br />However, be warned.  The production is TERRIBLE.  Even on the remastered version it doesn't sound much better the Earthbound (the live King Crimson album on which the production was so bad that Fripp says he'll never reissue it.)  Since Crimson was such a powerful live band, other recordings of this period are preferable.  Recommended: The Nightwatch, The Great Deceiver, or others available though Fripp's private label, Discipline Global Mobile.
B00004XQP4|5.0|As I listen to this album for the second time I'm surprised at the bands that are called to mind:  They Might be Giants (especially in Minority), XTC, Elvis Costello?   Is this the same Green Day that I saw at lollapalooza with snot hanging 2 feet out of Billie Joe's face?  This is certainly a somewhat more mature band and my more hard-core punk friends will say they've gone soft.  Maybe so, but it's still a good album that I look forward to listening to another couple hundred times...
B00004XQP4|5.0|POSERS BEWARE... If YOU ARE LOOKING FOR ANOTHER TIME OF YOUR LIFE FORGET IT.<br />I bought this cd today Oct. 3rd.  I must say it is tight.  Stepping away from the title of &quot;Dookie&quot;.  The band shows what they are capable with catchy lyrics such as Church on Sunday, Fashion Victim, Blood Sex and Booze,Deadbeat Holiday and Waiting.  These are only a few to name.  Even the title song brings a sense of anarchy to the album.  Above all Green Day show that they are not just a punk band with the 5 minute song Misery which is acoustic and has a mariachi band in the background.  If you are not a poser and like Green Day as a band for their heavy and fast music then I suggest you purchase this album.  However do not expect it to be like any of their other albums, INCLUDING NIMROD.  Each album is different remember that before purchasing WARNING.
B00004XONN|5.0|Sometimes I am thinking: Maybe Thom Yorke would have been better off if he was a solo artist. `Kid A' is largely his solo effort, not much contribution from his band mates. Well, although I am a fan of the band, sometimes I secretly hope that the band will split up someday. Clearly, Thom's music aesthetics does differ tremendously from the rest of the band members. Johnny could head towards the direction he likes if he was a solo artist, and so are the rest of the band members. And indeed it is splitting up... it would be devastating for the rest of the loyal fans, would I guess most so-called cerebral loyal fans are going to be disappointed even by `Kid A', too bad for you guys I guess. Don't worry, guys, you can always pretend to like this one as well.  If this is Radiohead's first attempt to work on some avant-garde stuff, I would like to give them a round of applause. Seriously, this could be their debut album as an electronic band. Although this is not quite as good as Aphex Twin, at least this is comparable to some of the better electronic acts that come out in recent years such as Broadcast and Boards of Canada. However, this is certainly not what Radiohead does best, and if they want to stick to this direction, they have to do more than this. However, it is hard to find a rock band that is daring enough to step into this territory.  Previously, though it was not uncharted, only the true grandmasters have the guts to step into this realm, certainly not for your mediocre Oasis (YES! THEY ARE MEDIOCRE!!) or worse, Coldplay. Remember how things used to work? In order to reinvent yourself, you have to seek help of a good producer, Primal Scream's hugely critically acclaimed `Sceamadelica' is one such example, Blur reinvented themselves again with `13', with the help of Madonna's `Ray of Light' producer William Orbit. The amazing thing is: Radiohead did it themselves, they didn't change a producer or anything, in some way, this achievement can be compared to BrianEno's transformation from a silly Roxy rocker to an ambient grandmaster, a Godfather of Ambient music. He took 4 albums to transform, but Radiohead just need one.  So, this is the greatest thing that can ever happen to the mainstream world. (Mainstream only because it is made by Radiohead.) Though it's not as awe-inspiring as Aphex Twin's `Select Ambient Work II' neither is it as genre defining as sonic invention Brian Eno made in the late 70s and the early 80s nor does its most cutting edge moments (`Idioteque' and `National Anthem') come close to the mad drill `n bass of the workaholic Squarepusher or the ever diversified eclectic palette of Two Lone Swordsmen, this is clearly more easy listening and at the very least, Thom Yorke still bothers to sing. Well, I call this a masterpiece because I guess this has the potential to bring the sonic ambience of Brian Eno, the Jazz inflected horn of David Holmes and the dynamic breakbeats of appears on recent RDJ work overground. At least people will be exposed to such music, even if they don't like it for this time being, at least when they are more acquainted with the undergound sound, the force that shapes the future.  Maybe next time round, when they hear something like this, they will tell their friends proudly: \\"Oh, it reminds me of the frantic beats or the dreamlike soundscape of `Kid A'.\\" It is momentous in a way that it brings mainstream music forward. They know making racknroll in the 21st century is inane and they know pure rock gets insipid day by day.  Also, many neu-breed in the electronic scene are going to get more exposure and the recognition they deserve, which is great. Imagine the albums of Jimi Tenor, Too Rococo Rot and Tortoise selling millions, that will be the day! Until that day, I just pray that Radiohead's `Kid A' will sell really well in the months/years to come. So, all Radiohead fans, I urge you to rave this album in front of your friends, classmates, parents... whoever! Tell them how great astatement this is, and how important this album is to the mainstream world. Do it for the sake of music, music for the future that is.
B00004XQP4|5.0|POSERS BEWARE... If YOU ARE LOOKING FOR ANOTHER TIME OF YOUR LIFE FORGET IT.<br />I bought this cd today Oct. 3rd.  I must say it is tight.  Stepping away from the title of &quot;Dookie&quot;.  The band shows what they are capable with catchy lyrics such as Church on Sunday, Fashion Victim, Blood Sex and Booze,Deadbeat Holiday and Waiting.  These are only a few to name.  Even the title song brings a sense of anarchy to the album.  Above all Green Day show that they are not just a punk band with the 5 minute song Misery which is acoustic and has a mariachi band in the background.  If you are not a poser and like Green Day as a band for their heavy and fast music then I suggest you purchase this album.  However do not expect it to be like any of their other albums, INCLUDING NIMROD.  Each album is different remember that before purchasing WARNING.
B00004XONN|4.0|They didn't try to follow up OK Computer - they did something different. This is not always an easy album to listen to, but it gets easier as time goes by. The songs are catchy and the repeated phrases are funny and profound. It certainly cements Radiohead's place in the Greats. But for all its wonderful experimentation and trailblazing, it's not quite in the epic class of OK Computer.
B00004SU5J|4.0|It is impossible to listen to this album without tapping your feet. The beat gets into your veins just like a fix. This is Ludovic Navarres second effort under the St-Germain pseudonym, and the 5 year hiatus was sure worth the wait. Although not all tracks are as mesmerizing as say the opening track &quot;Rose Rouge&quot; with it's continual drum &quot;solo&quot; slowly morphing into a dancefloor house anthem or the incredible &quot;So flute&quot; which will have you pressing that &quot;back&quot; button until you get callouses on your index finger; all-in-all, this album is probably the strongest effort in the jazzy techno/house genre alongside the brilliant Amon Tobin.<br />Be hip and get with the now... get this album! You won't regret it.
B00004XONN|5.0|With Radioheads previous albums they proved to the world that they could create alternative rock that strayed slightly from the norm.  With Kid A they create alternative rock that kicks the norm in the pants.  Only after a first play I could tell that this album could be everything and more that OK Computer was.  The tracks are all very mellow and quite moody. I don't recommed this for the casual fan.  This album, though good, is somewhat of a chore to get through.  But if your a Radiohead fan, run out and get it right now.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Ok, the only thing I could say about this movie besides the name of the hero is: EVEN BETTER THAN THE REAL THING! , WOW!.   I am not a gore or epic movie's people, but this let me in total astonishment, it was so real, so great. I am not a movie's specialist, I am just a &quot;watcher&quot;,I mean just a movie's fan, and this was great, rome, the colliseum, the battles, the feelings, the drama, the performance. This movie is on it way to the Oscar's, and so are Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe, they really deserve it. I cannot wait to buy my DVD,
B00004XONN|2.0|This album is way off the deep end. Dissonant, endless jams with very little substance. I have loved everything up til now. Music for Aiports 2? I don't get the 2 minutes of nothing at the end of trak 10...This album left me annoyed and disapointed...
6305078181|3.0|This is a very uneven version of the Dracula story, ostensibly based on the Broadway production with Frank Langella but with some major deviations from both the play and the novel.  You get a sense for Langella's characterization but not much.  Laurence Olivier hams things up a bit too much as Van Helsing, although Donald Pleasance comes a close second with his Dr. Seward.  Wasted in the effort is Kate Nelligan, one of the more intelligent actresses of her day.  My main complaint is that the ending comes rather abruptly as if the producers were watching the clock on the wall.  Ultimately very disappointing for both fans of the Count and the actors alike.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie was based on Morrie Schwartz struggle to survive.  Mitch Album, a former student of Morrie's at Brandeis University, tells about the last couple months of Morrie's life. In the summer of 1994 Morrie was given his death sentence.  Morrie knew long before this day that something was seriously wrong.  It wasn't until now that he found out he had Lou Gehrig's disease.After Mitch graduated Brandeis University he lost touch with Morrie until 15 years later.  Mitch was flipping channels when he saw Morrie talking about his disease on Dateline.  Mitch watched this episode and a week later called up Morrie.  Morrie wanted Mitch to come and see him so Mitch flew from Detroit to Boston just for Morrie.  They caught up on old times and it became a ritual that Mitch would fly to Boston every Tuesday to visit Morrie.  The two of them would talk all day long and then Mitch would leave until the next Tuesday.  Mitch continued to visit every Tuesday for the next few months and was there for Morrie as he suffered through his long and painful death.  This was a very touching and meaningful story of a mans struggle to live and how to say good-bye.
B000007T2Z|5.0|A haunting mixture of speech, violins, steel guitars and tape editing, this is very reminiscent of Faust's first album, or a post-rock version of Philip Glass 'Hydrogen Jukebox'. 'Post-rock' is too narrow a term, really - Godspeed's music is closer to folk, or country and western in the purest sense of the term. It's music to fill vast deserts, a sandy ocean of sound. This album reminds me of the KLF's 'Chill Out' - it's like a road trip through an imaginary America of sand and rusted cars, with passing radios broadcasting garbled tunes. It's gorgeous, ice-cold, and worth listening to at least once.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt's Angela's Ashes has certainly lived up to it's quickly established good reputation.  From the very first page, McCourt grabs you with his poor Irish mother bearing him in America during the Depression and doesn't let go until age 19.  Even then you're left curious about where his life will lead.  After the sad death of Frank's baby sister due to lack of nurishment and warmth, his mother, Angela and father Malachy, bring him and his three brothers to there homeland in hopes of a better life.     Life in Ireland is full of sickness and hard times for the McCourts.  Through out the book you follow Frank's life of being a poor Irish kid with an American accent.  School's rough, home is rough, and work is rough. So, by age 16, Frank's goal is to raise enough money to go back to America and later on send for his family. By the end of the book every reader will surly have their fingers crossed in hopes that he'll make it.  This is a book that will tug at any age of heart and come alive for any reader's mind.  Angela's Ashes gets my total recomendation.  It's a great read.
B00004Z511|5.0|Not only is this one of the single greatest albums of the past 30 years, this is one of the few TRULY worthwhile limited edition CDs ever released. There is no extra music, but the fantastic artwork makes up for that fact. If you don't own the album already, might as well go first-class with this release. If you already own the album, go ahead and make the investment. You won't regret it.
B00004XONN|4.0|I myself would not have wanted to be in Radiohead's spot for the past two years. If there is any album that was going to be more scrutinized in the last decade than a follow-up to OK Computer, I've yet to hear of it. So how did Radiohead deal with the pressure?<br />By releasing one of the most adventurous, haunting, and brilliant records in mainstream rock music of the past ten years, with the possible exception of OK Computer. &quot;Everything in it's Right Place&quot; seems to start off the album in familiar Radiohead territory, with Thom Yorke's trademark falsetto carrying the beautiful chorus over the din created by the band, and is the closest thing to a single that this album has to offer. The second track, however, &quot;Kid A&quot; is the first indication of what is in store for the rest of the album. A musical din underscores Thom's studio-altered voice as he sings about ... what exactly I don't know. There are no lyrics provided to this album, unlike OK Computer, which is appropos in that it adds to the overall mystery this album provides.<br />Each succesive track adds to the abstractly beautiful mood that the first two songs establish. The effect is difficult to describe in words, so I suggest that, if you are interested in hearing mainstream rock turned on its head by professionals, you need to check this out. If you're a Radiohead fan, like me, you already own this album.
B00004XONN|5.0|When I first bought this album I looked at it, thought it was naked, but was convinced by the reviews that it was wearing clothes.  It isn't.  I defy someone to put it in their car for a month, listening to it once a day.  When I love an album, that is what I do, I had Unforgettable Fire in my car for a year.  Too bad, I was looking for something as incredible as The Bends or OK Computer.  Another album like this and I'm done with Radiohead.
0441172717|5.0|There is something about Dune that keeps me coming back for more.  I've read the novel three times, and three times I've learned something new, and my appreciation has grown in accordance.  Paul Maud'dib, or Paul Atreides, is easily the noblest figure in contemporary sci-fi.  From his early training with the colorful Duncan Idaho, to the Gom Jabbar, to the desert sands of Arrakis with his beautiful Bene Gesserit mother Jessica and finally his fateful entrance into the Fremen culture, the story of Paul Atreides becomes the story of Dune.  Dune becomes bigger than all of us.  If there is magic in this world, it belongs to Frank Herbert.
B0000021RB|5.0|Columbia/CBS Records did a very intelligent thing by putting all this wonderful music that was originally released on a double-album onto a single CD, saving valuable time and money for the consumer. Chicago Transit Authority's first self-titled album gives the listener a grand audio insight of what would become this group's trademark sound-it's brassy and mardi gras-like horn section featured on songs like &quot;Questions 67 And 68&quot;, &quot;Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?&quot;, &quot;Beginnings&quot; and &quot;Introduction&quot;. The audio byte at the beginning of &quot;Prologue/Someday&quot; from the 1968 Democratic National Convention gives this number a &quot;grasroots&quot; socio-political feel to it, and the closing live track &quot;Liberation&quot;, is a bit long-winded, but caps off a nice, rousing finish. The group's cover of Spencer Davis Group's &quot;I'm A Man is very original, and Terry Kath's &quot;Free Form Guitar&quot; is a head trip, and Peter Cetera's bottomed-out bass in &quot;South California Purples compliments Robert Lamm's rather flowery keyboard playing here. When you listen to this CD, please listen with the headphones on, crank up the volume and get ready for the ride of your life! You will want to purchase this introductory musical gem in order to familiarize yourself with Chicago's sound. It's just a shame this group was legally forced to change its name to the city where &quot;all save one were born.&quot; That special place is none other than, you guessed it-CHICAGO! It's ice to know they hung onto this sound for many years to come from this point!
B00004XONN|5.0|After the Bends and Ok Computer having occupied a high position on my top album rankings for quite a while, my initial run through of Kid A proved to be something of a jolt. However, after a few more listens, the cold beauty of the album began to reveal itself. And cold is probably the best way to describe this set of tracks, which can be off-putting for the listener coming from the last couple of releases, which are saturated with resignation, but don't even come close to being as bleakly schizophrenic as Kid A reveals itself to be. Though, after becoming accustomed to this aesthetic, you will have the perfect companion to follow you down your descent into madness.
B00004Z400|5.0|This is just like the original White Pony,except it has an awsome remix of pink-maggit.Any true 'tones fan should get it.
B00004XONN|5.0|Ok, if bought it, yesterday (01.10.00). What i have to say? Great album, i think even it is their best. But if your looking for a normal Pop-album definitely on the wrong way, it's alternative-pop at the extreme. But i think some old Radiohead-fans will be just dissapointed, because Radiohead reached a very high level.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Green Day has done it again.  This time they have become more pop than ever, but have managed to hold on to that punk feeling.  The band sounds as good as ever with a whole new variety of instruments and sounds you don't expect from Green Day.  A Very fun and refreshing CD from start to finish.  Minority is a great single that I fell in love with the first time I heard it.  Fashion Victim is a riot, and the rest of the songs are just as good.
B00004XONN|5.0|In the slew of articles in the mainstream music press chronicling the anticipation which accompanied the approach of the release of &quot;Kid A&quot;, Radiohead's fourth LP, the band has often been refered to as &quot;the only guitar band that matters&quot;, or something similarly misguided and patronizing.  It's easy to excuse mainstream critics for their over-the-top praise, which the band has made it clear they resent, Radiohead are really on the very few bands with mainstream exposure who have interesting things to say, say them intelligently and write groundbreaking music while they're at it. Radiohead have earned that reputation with their last two LPs, &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;OK Computer&quot;, and the reputation will continue with &quot;Kid A&quot;. What may not survive through &quot;Kid A&quot; is their reputation as a &quot;guitar band&quot;.<br />I'm not going to say that &quot;Kid A&quot; doesn't have any guitars, it does, but not until &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, the third song on does is the presence of a guitar at all obvious, and as that song goes on the guitar becomes overthrown by sounds that could only have come from a crazed jazz band. Nonetheless, the first four songs on &quot;Kid A&quot; are among Radioheadd's very best, not because they feature the captivating hooks or overwhelming emotion of previous albums, but because they create mesmerizing and strange soundscapes that are impossible to dismiss. Thom Yorke's familiar voice is of toyed with on almost every track, at times become unintelligable.<br />As &quot;Kid A&quot; goes on the sounds become a little more familiar. No other band today could have written &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot;, the best song on the album, and had the wisdom to leave it as it was, a piece of spare accoustic beauty. Not suprising, Radiohead have established themselves as a band that works on wavelenghts that are untouchable by almost every other band in the world. After ten songs &quot;Kid A&quot; is perfectly complete, nothing at all seems to be missing, but for some measure there is nothing that would have seemed superfluous.  <br />Word is that Radiohead will be releasing another album early next year that will feature work with a more familiar sound. I can't say I really care what the next album will sound like. If it's at all akin to &quot;The Bends&quot;, &quot;OK Computer&quot;, or &quot;Kid A&quot;, or something totally new, as I would most likely imagine to be the case, Radiohead has proven that they are a band without limitations, capable of imagining what no one else can and translating their imaginations into music beyond words.
B00003CX6P|2.0|I can not imagine anyone giving that film five stars wholeheartedly and enjoying it from the first till the last minutes. Even the most appreciating reviewers sound as if they are still in the inner dialogue and let us hear only the speech of the film's advocate, leaving the other side's arguments to themselves.<br />First of all, the characters are miscast.  Evidently, Matt Damon is not made from The Leading Man stuff, no way. Watching him for 2 hours is a torture. Matt always looks himself - why he was chosen to play the films hyper-inventive chameleon is a mystery.<br />As for the pale frail Gwyneth I am tired of seeing her peddling her fake vulnerability and enthusiasm. <br />All in all, Matt and Gwyneth are not the persons I can or want to care about. And that ranslates to the characters they play.<br />Jude Law is lean, hadsome and energetic, no depth is required by the role he plays, and in a different ensemble his performance would have looked much more rewarding.<br />The rest is already voiced by the other reviewers: the actors fail to make the plot look veritable or engaging to the degree that could have made us turn our backs to reality, the pace is slow, the movie drags on, the postcards-of-Italy-came-to-life backgrounds look picturesque but towards the middle of the movie I was wishing for a program that would allow me to erase the annoying &quot;actors&quot; from the forefront and just enjoy the second hour as a National Geographic video.
6305335745|5.0|The teaming of Stephen King and George Romero is a Horror classic!  The stories alone aren't exactly scary, save for &quot;The Crate&quot; which is a stand alone scarefest.  But nonetheless this video is an essential purchase for any Horror fan!  Five stories, all written by Stephen King are contained within.<br />&quot;Father's Day&quot; is about a mean spirited old man who comes back from the grave to give his even meaner family their just desserts.<br />&quot;The Lonesome Death of Jordy Verril&quot; stars King himself as a lonely farmer who finds a meteor and its strange growing properties.  King's performance is hilarious, as is his Chia Pet transformation.<br />&quot;Something To Tide You Over&quot; is a great story, starring Leslie Nielson and Ted Danson.  About a slighted man's revenge toward his wife and her lover.  And how the tide has a habit of bringing things back.  Up until the end this is a highly original thriller, with a seriously twisted murder weapon.  Entertaining, but not scary.<br />&quot;The Crate&quot; is the best of the bunch, a scary monster story.  Hal Holbrook is a professor with a problem.  His wife.  When he's asked to help a colleague with something very old and dangerous that lives in a crate and likes to eat people, he thinks of the perfect meal for the creature.  Graphic, violent, and strangely funny this is reason enough to purchase this movie.<br />&quot;They're Creeping Up On You&quot; is about a very powerful old man who likes to step on those who get in his way.  But he has a deep fear of bugs.  Probably the worst of the bunch, but worth watching for the end.<br />The comic book element throughout, and a very nasty ending brought to us by a disobedient child and a mail order voodoo doll.  Creepshow is a must have for the Horror fan, especially if you ever read any of the old E.C. comics which can still be obtained through reprint editions at your local comic book store.
B000001OAA|5.0|I loved Version 2.0, but if it's possible for there to be a better rock album, it's this.  Version 2.0 is much more techno and sophisticated, and at first I didn't like their first CD, since it's much more raw and rock, but there's a toughness you've got to love about it. Supervixen- sassy, upbeat, cool lyrics, obviously about a goddess complex Queer- cool song but not a favorite Only Happy When It Rains- I am completely in love with this song, it has catchy music and the lyrics are just amazing.  A bit of an ode to depression, like &quot;I'm evil and I'm proud of it!&quot; As Heaven Is Wide- an angry song, with good lyrics Not My Idea- excellent lyrics, but the music gets a little too raucous after a while Stroke of Luck- much more quiet and calm than its predecessors, a good song Vow- second favorite after &quot;Only Happy When It Rains.&quot;  The lyrics are pretty psycho, &quot;I never died ... I came to cut you up/I came to knock you down/I came to tear your little world apart/I came to shut up up/I came to suck you down ...&quot;, but it rocks. Stupid Girl- this one totally speaks about all the fakes in this world, but doesn't just make fun of them, it has empathy. Dog New Tricks-l ike &quot;Not My Idea&quot;, good lyrics but too loud and raucous My Lover's Box- dreamy and slow, a beautiful song Fix Me Now- this one's great, a lot of it sung in a whisper that enhances the mood of someone recovering Milk- a good ending song but not much else, lyrics get pretty repetitive, but has haunting and moody music This is an absolutely spectacular CD.
B00004XONN|5.0|If one thing is true about Kid A, it's that it is not at all like its predecessor, OK Computer.  After the universal success which OK Computer achieved, a complete change in direction would be the last thing many would expect.  This is, however, what has happened, and Radiohead have carried it off perfectly.<br />Despite having three excellent guitarists and, many believe, the best male vocalist in the world today, Kid A is noticeably bare of guitars and orthodox vocal lines.  The openers, Everything In Its Right Place, with its pulsating electric piano and confusingly cut up vocals, and Kid A, a computer-sung and similarly cut-up feel, could easily be believed to be by some other Radiohead - one with, coincidentally, the same name as that band which produced your favourite two albums, 'The Bends' and 'OK Computer'.<br />Soon though, the genius shows through and you are won over.  The driving bass of The National Anthem immediately catches your attention and the acoustic perfection of How To Disappear Completely, borne out of Thom's psychological torment of the overwhelming OK Computer tour, outdoes everything on 'The Bends'.  Treefingers is an ethereal instrumental, reminiscent of Sigur Ros, and a suitable half-way point for the album.<br />Next comes Optimistic, glorious, with the electric guitars back in charge for this brief moment.  After the excellent In Limbo comes Idioteque.  This is the most 'un-Radiohead' of all the tracks but is utterly compelling and will be, for many, the album's greatest highlight.  Thom spits out his vocals before going into beautiful harmonies in a &quot;chorus&quot;, one might call it.  Perhaps reflecting Radiohead's newly found appreciation of Aphex Twin and that genre of music, Idioteque exists as unique and as excellent as Paranoid Android, an achievement in itself for what has always been a guitar band.<br />Kid A closes with the wonderful Morning Bell and the grinding organ of Motion Picture Soundtrack.  The latter is a song which has existed, in one form or another, since before Creep was released in the early 90's.  A bootleg acoustic version has been available on the internet for a number of years.  Many of those who had heard this bootleg were shocked, on first hearing, at what Radiohead had done to it.  Perhaps it is in itself, the epitome of Kid A.  A song interpreted completely differently from the conventional.  On first listen, you cannot believe that the band would abandon such an obviously successful formula as they had, but after a while, you come to realise that this way is as perfect as the old way.<br />Following up 1997's OK Computer, which brought the band overwhelming and largely unwanted critical acclaim, Radiohead were under much pressure.  To release a similar album is how many lesser bands would have approached the situation.  Radiohead, though, have progressed, they have made an album which cannot be compared with OK Computer because it is so very different.  If you are expecting OK Computer II, then be wary - Kid A isn't.  What it is is a perfect non-sequel.  Radiohead were burdened with expectation to deliver, and they have. They have just delivered a creation no-one could have foreseen, Kid A.
B00004XONN|4.0|But this album is definitly worth the money.  Guitars are all but absent from this incredibly introspective, intelectual collection of pseudo-techno beats and sampled voices.  This is the type of music that you thought you'd be listening to in the year 2000.  Great for late nights of staring at your ceiling and contemplating the world.  Personal favorites include &quot;Everything in it's Right Place&quot; with voices sweeping across the stereo picture and ducking in and out of a consistent organ riff, and &quot;How to Disapear Completely,&quot; which features the most obvious of the guitar work on the album, and a string section that would make Stanley Kubrick rise from the dead.  It loses a star because it leaves you wanting to hear so much more...with only 50 minutes of music it is only a short distraction in the whole scheme of things.
B00004XONN|4.0|Sigh.  After more than 20 listens, I must admit that this album is not as good as I expected.  Yes, half the songs are truly brilliant (Everything, National, How To, Optimistic, Morning), but the other half are either throwaways (Kid A, Treefingers), inferior to the live versions (Motion), or just simply &quot;okay&quot; (Limbo, Disco).  All my favorites of their unreleased songs (Big Boots, Lift, True Love Waits, Knives Out, Big Ideas, Follow Me Around, ...) were left off--hopefully for a later date!  <br />If you've already got The Bends and OK Computer, and you just want something more, I strongly recommend finding one of their excellent EP's (Airbag/How Am I Driving?, My Iron Lung, Itch) before getting this one.  And start counting down for album #5 in the spring (!), which promises to be a return to their usual guitar-anchored sound.  (And finally, remember, Radiohead publicly supports Napster!  So nap away!)
B00004XONN|5.0|Music fans need not spend their time on this album, that is if music is all you're after.  This album is far beyond music, it is an emotionally tragic experience with Pink Floyd idealism that even Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot; doesn't touch.  The &quot;Creep&quot; Radiohead fan will be extremely disappointed hoping to find the good-ol brit-pop on this disc.  But those who enjoy music as an art form will not be disappointed by the almost bi-polar feel of &quot;Kid A&quot;.  This is best listened to alone, and with no other thought in you mind...relax and take an emotional journey with Radiohead, and you will not regret it.
1878424319|5.0|This small book packs a strong punch!  Four very basic philosophies we should all live by for a better life &amp; a better society.  A reminder of how we should think &amp; view our world.  We have to let go of the negative past influences in life if we choose &amp; commit to a positive future.  This most important message this book offers is to love yourself without exception.  This is done when we can stop judging others; for as we are judging them we are also judging ourselves.  Quick, easy, &amp; enjoyable reading for those who need to refocus on living the good life.
630575067X|2.0|I would like to say that any one who would consider buying this movie is a fool. this wa sthe worst ever Star Wars movie. I am a huge Star Wars fan, and I woulnd't spend my hard earned money on that piece of crap movie. George Lucas, may have did an exellent job making that film, but the movie was slow, and had no relivance to the Star Wars plot what so ever, If you have not seen this movie, don;t wast your time.
B000002WPI|5.0|ok, there's only a couple things that need to be said...if you like hip hop/rap, if you think you like it, or you think it would be cool to like it, dont talk about it at all unless youve listened to this album. understand it, appreciate it, rza is a genius get that too...then talk about how will smif is the &quot;phattest rapper&quot;... um yeah and p.s. redman is NOT in wu...he just blazes a bit with meth
B00004XONN|5.0|And what a brilliant thing it was for them to press that button and move themselves deeper into the world of serious art.
B00000J6AG|5.0|The first time I heard this album I fell in love.  I love different sounding music, and Moby has definitely produced exactly what I rave about.  Each of the songs has a different style and if I didn't own the CD I wouldn't even know it was the same artist performing each song.  There is a variety of music types which keeps you intently listening.  It's the only CD that keeps its own place in my CD changer and is definitely the most listened to.  You just wanna hear it again and again and again...
B00004XONN|5.0|This is such a great record that words cannot describe it. a must have!
B00004XONN|5.0|I have listened to &quot;Kid A&quot; once.  I'm sure that anyone who is at all interested in this album will already have read any number of reviews, articles, etc.  They're right: Untraditional song structures, oblique lyrics, more synthesizer than guitar, influenced by &quot;electronica,&quot; eschews the grandiosity of OK Computer &amp; The Bends.  Reading about it is one thing, hearing it quite another.<br /> What, then, could I contribute?  Only this: &quot;Kid A&quot; sounds unlike any other album.  It is at once recognizably Radiohead and unrecognizable.<br /> I suspect that this one will take some time to process (as did OK Computer when I first heard it), but it has already begun to seep under my skin.  Early favorite: Morning Bell, with its pulsing, disjointed time signature.<br /> Listening to the album is like painting with watercolors inside your head.  The immediate impression it gave me was that Kid A is the sound of the aftermath of the frenetic, crumbling world of OK Computer, where the rubble has yielded frozen, alien landscapes and the numb assertion &quot;Everything is in its Right Place&quot; (track one) belies the truth.  And somehow they make all of this sound quite beautiful.<br /> But listen and make your own pictures.<br /> Incidentally, the album is worth its price in the jacket artwork, which is, similarly, unlike anything I've ever seen.... <br /> Don't forget to lift UNDER the plastic insert that holds the disc in place, and discover a booklet of words and images that conujures the same kind of compelling rubble that the music brings to ear.
B00001OH7G|4.0|I remember borrowing the 2 LP version of this album from my brothers *many many* times... &amp; when I saw the re-release I jumped at the cd. You know how you have a fond memory of an 'old album' and then you re-visit it years later...sometimes it's a luke-warm feeling, sometimes less... R. Gallagher's Irish Tour '74 was 10 times better around this time. &quot;I Wonder Who&quot; is a great 12 bar blues work out; &quot;Tattoo'd Lady&quot; has some wonderful (blistering) guitar work (I don't remember the LP featuring the piano work so prominently in the mix - I really like it on this tune), &quot;As the Crow Flies&quot; is one of my favs - acoustic slide work that blends so very nicely w/ Rory's vocals -Great! and of course, &quot;A Million Miles Away&quot; is a gem. <br />If you like Clapton, Stevie Ray, give this cd a try. If you like Rory Gallagher, it's a must have.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have listened to &quot;Kid A&quot; once.  I'm sure that anyone who is at all interested in this album will already have read any number of reviews, articles, etc.  They're right: Untraditional song structures, oblique lyrics, more synthesizer than guitar, influenced by &quot;electronica,&quot; eschews the grandiosity of OK Computer &amp; The Bends.  Reading about it is one thing, hearing it quite another.<br /> What, then, could I contribute?  Only this: &quot;Kid A&quot; sounds unlike any other album.  It is at once recognizably Radiohead and unrecognizable.<br /> I suspect that this one will take some time to process (as did OK Computer when I first heard it), but it has already begun to seep under my skin.  Early favorite: Morning Bell, with its pulsing, disjointed time signature.<br /> Listening to the album is like painting with watercolors inside your head.  The immediate impression it gave me was that Kid A is the sound of the aftermath of the frenetic, crumbling world of OK Computer, where the rubble has yielded frozen, alien landscapes and the numb assertion &quot;Everything is in its Right Place&quot; (track one) belies the truth.  And somehow they make all of this sound quite beautiful.  It is not, contrary to the impression some reviews have given, difficult on the ear - indeed, the more abstract pieces hew closer to the hypnotic than the jarring.<br /> But listen and make your own pictures.<br /> Incidentally, the album is worth its price in the jacket artwork, which is, similarly, unlike anything I've ever seen.... <br /> Don't forget to lift UNDER the plastic insert that holds the disc in place, and discover a booklet of words and images that conujures the same kind of compelling rubble that the music brings to ear.
B000001E3V|5.0|Live at the Fillmore is a must for any Clapton fan.....and as many folks have already praised this collection, it can be said once again. The LP of this stand at the Fillmore East, was not widely promoted (I had to special order it), ... I bought the  vinyl for over 25 bucks in the mid-80's and was blown away. This release, adds *7* tracks to the original release (though  Key to the Highway &amp; Crossroads were included on the &quot;Crossroads&quot; box set). <br />The jamming is simply fantastic...Layla had just been released...and D &amp; the Dominos (minus Duane Allman) take the  material from the studio and expand the parameters of the tunes such as tracks 1 &amp; 2: Got to Get Better in a Little While &amp; Why Does Love Have to be so Sad = These 2 tracks are  worth the price of the cd. The playing is so fantastic, but the feel has a certain &quot;roughness&quot; to it...and that's what knocks me out.... It's like the band is familiar enough w/ the tunes...but they have yet to extend and expand and stretch the flow *infront* of an audience; The result is glorious music. I only mentioned the first 2 tracks....the rest is equally great; Tell the Truth, Little Wing, Have you ever Loved a Woman ....  5 stars in my book.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Well well.  Another Green Day album.  I'm sure that's what everyone is saying across the world.  Well guess what?  You just might like it.  Basically, here's how it breaks down.  Green Day fans will recognize their signature 3 chord riffs, but will appriciate their new found sense of awareness and mature lyrics.  A few songs sound like a mix of pop and punk, but don't fret.  The emphasis is on punk.  Green Day skeptics will be surprised.  If you haven't heard the single yet, do it!  I promise you will take a step back.  This isn't the angry adolescent punk rock most people have the stereotype of.  Bottom line, this is a good cd, no matter what your roots are.  just do me one favor, give it a chance.
B00004XONN|5.0|There isn't much to say about this c.d.  One thing is very clear though, Radiohead has done it again.  It was thought to be impossible after O.K. Computer, but Radiohead have come out with a superior follow up.  Kid A is a very experimental c.d.  which incorporates almost non-rock beats, this is what makes this c.d. special.  I give it 5 stars, but it deserves even more.  From a true Radiohead fan...<br />P.S. --&gt; PERU CAMPION!
B00004XONN|5.0|The highly anticipated new album from Radiohead, Kid A, is finally here! And like many fans, I wondered...could they actually come out with an album even better than their 1997 release OK Computer? Well, now we know the answer to that question: Absolutely. But watch out...this album is not for everyone. If you are looking for another OK Computer, you will not find it anywhere on the ten tracks of Kid A. From the opening organ melodies and vocal distortions of &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;, Kid A draws you into a complex web of layered soundscapes. Gone are the art rock guitar riffs and swooning vocals that made us love OK Computer so much. Kid A brings with it a whole new palette of sounds and rhythms. It is a musical journey of sorts, and is best listened to in its entirety, as the individual tracks do not do justice to the album as a whole. If you are already a fan of Radiohead, I would definitely recommend this album to you. If not...well, I still recommend this album to you. 5 stars.  <br />Jason E. Kramer
B00000G3PA|1.0|Why in God's name does this movie average 3 and 1/2 star reviews? I am obligated, as a sentient creature, to bring that lofty average down! Thinking people: unite! Give this movie a 1 star review as soon and as often as you can!
B00004XONN|4.0|This album is a true mind-trip that gets better every time you listen to it. Sounds nothing like OK Computer, The Bends or Pablo Honey -- much more akin to Thom Yorke's work on U.N.K.L.E. and other experimental efforts -- I'm ready to leave work so I can go home and continue listening...
B00004XQP4|4.0|This is not Green Day's best album.  If you are just getting into them, BUY DOOKIE FIRST!   This album is more &quot;complete&quot;, if you could call it that.  The other Green Day albums are more punk and have shorter songs, but this album they have made long songs, like 3-4 minutes long.  &quot;Minority&quot; and &quot;Blood Sex And Booze&quot; are the best songs on the album.  Once again, this isn't the best album, but it does rank in the top 3, IMHO.
B000000OSW|5.0|&quot;Us&quot; was my first Peter Gabriel album. I knew of him because of the success of &quot;So&quot; and I had seen the videos for &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;, &quot;Big Time&quot;, and &quot;Steam&quot;, but I had no idea how much I would come to appreciate him through this album. Peter Gabriel is one of the most gifted and sincere songwriters in the music business, and he seems almost incapable of writing a bad song. From the stirring opening of &quot;Come Talk To Me&quot; to the subtle fade of &quot;Secret World&quot;, this album does not disappoint. Though at first listen you may not find such standout songs that were obvious on &quot;So&quot;, the album flows very well as a whole. The central theme is relationships, and the songs explore one's feelings and reactions to them. Standout songs include &quot;Love To Be Loved&quot;, &quot;Only Us&quot;, &quot;Come Talk To Me&quot;, &quot;Digging In The Dirt&quot; (great song...took me completely off guard the first time I heard it), and &quot;Secret World&quot;.
B00004Z400|5.0|Back To School alone is worth the price of the CD.  I had heard The Boys Republic, which is only on the limited edition, was going to be on here...guess not.
B00004XONN|5.0|Absolutely awesome. Strange and hard going at times, especially with The National Anthem but what an album. Only Radiohead have the bottle to release an album so way out and different. Go out and buy it - immediately
B00004XONN|5.0|I have been a big Radiohead fan since 1993,when they come out with there hit single &quot;Creep.&quot;  I could tell by the time I heard stuff off of The Bends that they were going to be great.  When I heard Ok Computer I thought nothing could beet it.  Today I have been proven wrong with the album Kid A.  It is the greatest phenomena I have ever incountered.  The use of special effects is incredible.  This album show the potential that Thom, Jonny, Colin, Ed, and Phil have.
B000002AZ8|5.0|It really is a shame that so-called &quot;fans&quot; of Pearl Jam have never been able to bring themselves past &quot;Ten&quot; or &quot;VS&quot;. Don't get me wrong, both of those albums are absolutely incredible, with &quot;Ten&quot; showing how important this band would be and &quot;VS&quot;  destroying the Sophmore Jinx with fluid writing and excellent musicianship, but they are not Pearl Jam's best albums. They are a blueprint for what is to come, and should be loved and respected for that. But a true fan knows that you cannot judge an artist's album by the previous. An artist continues to grow, change, and try new things, or else it stays in the same rut. Can you imagine if the Beatles had just stuck to simple love songs? Sure, they were great, but what would the world be like today without &quot;Revolution&quot;, &quot;Glass Onion&quot;, and &quot;Hey Jude&quot;? The same goes for Pearl Jam.         &quot;Vitalogy&quot; is Pearl Jam's true masterpiece. You can say this because it is where they weeded out their fake fans or because it where theytested the limits of modern rock and roll. I just like to say that it is an amazing album. From Eddie Vedder's impassioned plea to &quot;Shed my skin at last&quot; on &quot;Last Exit&quot; to the indictment of a Generation Xer's mentality on &quot;Hey Foxymophandlemomma, That's Me&quot; ( Which I could write a whole other review on how brilliant and misunderstood that song is), Pearl Jam breaks ground that many &quot;Alternative Rockers would never have touched because it might hurt their album sales. Can you see any of the boy bands of the moment takling the risks Pearl Jam did on this album? Could Backstreet Boys sing the most heartbreaking song ever written in &quot;Nothingman&quot;, without giving it a happy ending or a Euro-dance pop beat? Could NSYNC write a song about a relationship from a woman's perspective as Eddie Vedder did in &quot;Betterman&quot;? Who am I kidding, they probably can't even write! My pointis that this music is so alive and so passionate, that anything in the Top 10 today pales in comparison. This is where greatness started for Pearl Jam, which has continued through such brilliant, misunderstood albums as &quot;No Code&quot;, &quot;Yield&quot;, and &quot;Binaural&quot;. Buy them all, but buy &quot;Vitalogy&quot; first. It is the best album of the post-Cobain 90's.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has made a valiant attempt at outdoing 1997's OK Computer.  Although history will not view the band's latest release, Kid A, to be as monumental as OK, it is still not to be missed as it takes Radiohead's obsessive, surreal and emotional sound even further.  More electronic and less thematic than its predecessor, Kid will satisfy most old fans and earn some new ones (some will want another OK Computer, and therefore be disappointed). As with OK, the many layers will take many listens to unravel, but it will grow on you, and you'll be hooked.  If 4.5 stars were an option, I would give it that rating (OK Computer being, of course, a 5).
B00004XONN|4.0|PLEASE FORGIVE SPELLING AND GRAMMER, ITS 4 AM.<br />though &quot;ok computer&quot; was lacking in total spaciness, the potential was there. now, after three long years, we finnaly are allowed to see the furition of said potential. a master work if ever there was one, radiohead has created something to behold in wonderment. &quot;kid a&quot; delivers  pure sonic bueaty with swooping agrangments of horns and electronic bleaps. guitars and pop are are lacking,infavor of  keybords, syth and pleanty of good ol' fashion prog rock concept. what the actual concept of this blatantly overly arty concept album is, eluds me at this moment. though judgeing from the sleeve and special &quot;bonus&quot; booklet (which im am told, olny comes with the fisrt pressing of this disc. this brings me to another point, DO NOT bother with the limited ed. sure their are only 50,000 in print. are you really going to sell it some day or for that matter  will it ever really be worth anything?.  listen, its more expensive and is only a hard back book  with five or four cardboard pages of art. for your money the better buy is by far the regular ed. its fisrt booklet is packed full of great graphics and interesting gatefolds, while the &quot;bonus&quot; booklet contains very interesting layouts and designs.)  as i was saying, the concept it seems, harkens back to  radiohead standards of outsiderness, lonliness and out right lack of faith for the human race. i wont go through a track by track analysis, it would just be and utter waste of time. this album must be &quot;experienced&quot; without some over blow b.s. song by song break down, conjecture and comparasins will only ruin it. all ill say is: dont go into this album expecting anything remotly resembeling the radiohead of &quot;pablo honey&quot;, &quot;the bends&quot; or even &quot;ok computer&quot;, there are no singles for this album! so if youer looking for another &quot;creep&quot; or &quot;no surprises&quot; ya aint gonna find it here. wait till spring, when (they say) radiohead will release another album or ep, full of more &quot;rock/pop&quot; style music. though, those of you who do chose to accept the challenge of &quot;kid a&quot;, you will not be dissapointed! i waited in line for over two hours to get a hold of my copy, it was well worth it.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|The CD is good.  The movie is very very great.  But no matter what anyone says, this is not her debut film performance.  She's been in films in Iceland.  Like four of them or something.
B00004XQP4|5.0|This is a very good punk rock, like on dookie
B00004XONN|5.0|Not much guitar - lots of samples, synthesizers, and disjointed, digitally altered vocals.  A soundscape of the end of the world.  They could have created OK Computer 2, but they did not.  This is experimental, often brilliant, and not commercially oriented - what else did you expect from the best rock band in the world (though this veers away from rock quite a bit)?  I think its an album that will take a lot of listening before it is truly appreciated, but it will stand up to repeated listening, unlike most of the music being released today.  I think it will be a good opportunity for the British rock press to beat up on Radiohead again, as they've wanted to since Pablo Honey and haven't had the chance to...  its experimentel enough to turn off a great many.  But it is good enough to please those who are willing to be challenged...<br />I can't wait to keep listening to it, as it seems to get better every time...
B00004XQP4|4.0|Warning is a major break with tradition for Green Day. While they have altered their style many times before for an idividual track on an album, they have made the whole of Warning an album which, at first appears top be the illigitimate child of folk-rock and ninties punk. An interesting new path for a band who have, in the past eight years or so, released five albums with no major change in style in any of them.  This said they pull new style off very well, coming across as almost a combination of The Levelers and The Who and while it is a break from their previous &quot;we only know three chords, let's play them loud and hope the distortion covers us&quot;-style, and perhaps not for the traditional, black clad grunger, it is still none the less a brilliant album, with some incredible tracks, such as &quot;Warning&quot; and &quot;Misery&quot; which stand out as future hits.   All said I love anything that Green Day have ever put out, so I am bound to be biased, but, in my opinion, this is by far better than their last three albums, a sort of pollished and refined &quot;Kerplunk&quot; (by far the best album that they've ever produced) aimed at a new, possibly older audience, who are less likely to accept their poorly mixed previous albums
B00004XONN|4.0|It's been a long time coming,this a new c.d. from Radiohead.We've had the long build up of all the Radiohead sound-a-likes,we've had all the sneak previews from the music media,telling us what the c.d. will sound like.Before I get into the review itself,I'd just like to mention briefly all the preconceived notions people might have about this c.d.Basically most of the reviews have given this c.d. a lukewarm reception.Why?-because it's very different from what they've done before.I believe Radiohead are in a catch 22 here.On the one hand you may think people are dissappointed because it's not 'O.K. Computer' mark 2.Radiohead were always going to have enormous difficulties following up that c.d.No matter what they produced the reaction would probably be pretty harsh.On the other hand because it's Radiohead I think some critics who don't like the album are really afraid to slate it completely.Instead there have been lots of uncommitted,safe reviews.With all this in mind I was actually worried listening to the c.d.-just in case it was complete over-indulgent rubbish.Thankfully I had no reason to be dissappointed.Yes this c.d. is so unbelievably different to anything they've done before.This is evident from the c.d.'s first seconds of music-a gentle synth with very distorted vocals.Thom Yorke's vocals in this song-'Everything In It's Right Place'sounds like a man trying to sing with a dental drill in his mouth.This then interchanges with his normal(undistorted)vocals.What transpires is a truly beautiful song.No guitars,no bass,no drums-just synth and the usual high on angst vocals.If the first songs vocals sound distorted,then the vocals on 'Kid A'sound like the dentist drill underwater.Electronica dominates again here.On this track a drum machine has been added.The track can be best described as ambient/electronica.The 3rd song 'National Anthem' is also excellent.It's closer to the Radiohead we've known from the past.Driven by an excellent bass riff and marvellous drumming,with synth and guitar effects-it's a really riveting song,especially when towards the end a complete brass section breaks in and seem to go ,well,'nuts'.The next song is a normal high standard Radiohead slow song-with acoustic guitar and very little electornica.The song is actually about Dublin and the panic felt by Yorke before the group were about to headline their first outdoor concert.The effects in the background are amazing in that they compliment Yorkes sentiment of 'worry and dizziness' in the lyrics.Most c.d.'s have their dodgy tracks and track 5 'Treefingers' is probably the one here.It's basic ambient synth chords,all very slow moving,very much a'kin to Brian Eno's 'Apollo Missions Soundtrack'.Then we have the most accessible song on the c.d.'Optimistic' is vintage Radiohead-and is as good as anything on their previous c.d.'s.Track 7 'In Limbo' is just what the song says-it's a mixture of the old (guitars,full band,normal vocals)and the new(loads of effects and synths).As a song I think it works well and is another very good song.Track 8-'Idioteque' is just amazing!Once again it's full of synths,with loads of fast-tempo drum machines.The chorus is catchy,despite critics saying there are no hooks to this c.d.'Morning Bell' is the perfect mellow late night electronica tune.The last song is another beautiful song,full of sadness(it seems to me).It is followed by the briefest of interludes for the not very well-hidden extra song.This is very like Eno once again.Radiohead have taken a major departure on this c.d.I can think of no other modern group who have changed their sound in one c.d. so completely.I think it does have many catchy moments.But rather than isolate some songs for possible airplay,when this c.d. is taken as a whole unit it is the most compelling and interesting piece of music I've heard in years.Forget the old stuff and don't try to compare it to this,because it's just too totally different.I'd have given it 5 stars only I that time will tell whether I find this a very good c.d. or a great one.Definitely reccomended!
630587493X|4.0|Did not do well at box office, probably because movie tended to be depressing. They were jumping so many yrs, was hard to tell women apart at times. Film was a hybrid comedy/drama -but the science part(one man in a lab doing all that)- when they made him human was absurd, considering their apparent lack of progress in expanding human life span. Plus they suggested these droids had been phased out, w.o. mentioning probable similar, yet more advanced droids that would have been produced by other companies.<br />Williams did a good job, and probably a difficult task for the screenwriters to even make this film as good as it was.<br />Movie does present many interesting thought provoking topics, no question.
B000002JSR|2.0|The only one song I admired was Bonzos Montreaux (solo drumming Bonham!) the other one symbolized the end of ZEPPELIN as a super group. need I say more?? Thank you!
B000002LGW|5.0|I have always heard that Depeche Mode is more popular in Southern California than in their own homeland, and this double CD proves that point.  The energy coming off of the crowd is just incredible.  I especially like the live version of &quot;Just Can't Get Enough&quot;.  It's a lot heavier than the version on Speak and Spell.
B000000OMP|4.0|The songs are powerful,.love aint no strangers is agood powerfull ballad song, Slow and easy is a tyical slow blues tune. This album is much better than Saints and sinners or snake bite. The line up were Cozzy Powell (RIP) on Drums, Mel galley, Mickey Moody (guitar), Colin Hodkinson (bass), John Lord (keyboard), and DC (voice). Coverdale had grown up with DEEP PURPLE in the middle of 70s. He was the second voice of DP, replaced Ian Gillan in 1973. If you are an unfair music man, you would probably claim that Coverdale is a METAL ZEPPELIN HAIR singer, cause he has copied ZEPPELIN sound. It is not true my friend! He has also a powerfull voice too,...he did not copy ZEP sound, only tried to combinate PURPLE and ZEP sound trick together. because we all know that Zeppelin and PURPLE were the most important Heavy rock in the 70s essential. Though both bands were quite different.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Its been 3 years since Green Day released 1997's &quot;Nimrod&quot; which sold 5 million copies.  The trio of punk rock kids from the Bay Area are back and still rocking.  Green Day new disc is 12 songs of great songwriting, interesting guitar work and great rhythm. Each song is different.  &quot;Castaway&quot; and &quot;Dead beat Holiday&quot; the &quot;Dookie-like&quot; songs and there is also &quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot; (my personal fav)the ballad on the record which was a well written song.  Although traditional punks may call them sell outs, punk is about setting your own rules  &quot;we dont wanna keep putting out the same record over and over but we dont wanna try to keep up or cop out either you know&quot;- Billie Joe
B00003CXCS|5.0|There's definitely not much that hasn't already been said about Robert Wise's haunting classic musical epic, &quot;The Sound of Music.&quot; With its unforgettable musical numbers, Julie Andrews (Mary Poppins) shining perfectly in the zenith of her virginal appeal, Christopher Plummer playing an engaging love interest, a fantastically optimistic and engaging Ernest Lehman (North By Northwest) screenplay that produced sympathetic character stereotypes (note the Von Trapp children roles), an inspirational rendition of the Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein songs, and knowledgeable direction by seasoned film maker Robert Wise (The Haunting, Sand Pebbles). The Sound of Music survives as one of the most beloved Hollywood musicals of the 20th century, but due to its many dated 60's characteristics, does the Sound of Music continue to deserve the immense attention and fanfare that it has received since its 1965 release?<br />Looking previously at the film's long lasting legacy as the cinematic pinnacle of human decency and morality, the Sound of Music entertains countless new generations despite of it's lack of developed performances, adherence to predictable relationships, reliance on routine plot developments, spontaneous transitions into inane songs, and an overabundant sentimentality that oozes sometimes over excessively onto the screen.  However in spite of its obvious shortcomings, the Sound of Music is an overwhelmingly dazzling display of the musical at its most entertaining and inspirational. This film is a testament to the Hollywood's gift of providing magically poignant entertainment to masses.  <br />I for one detest the musical's trust in positive conclusions, silly choruses, and predictable romantic stories. Yet the Sound of Music remains an awesome remainder that greatness can still come out of the most unlikely of places.<br />Sidenote: 20th Century Fox's Five Star Collector's edition of the Sound of Music is a bravura achievement in providing a magnificent anamorphic widescreen presentation, a fascinating Robert Wise commentary track coupled with the musical tracks of the classic songs without verbal dialogue, a commemorative documentary, the theatrical trailers, and much much more. A Must-Buy for any lover of musicals of sixties cinema.<br />Interesting Facts: The Sound of Music won several Academy Awards in 1965 including: Best Picture, Best Director (Robert Wise), and Best Musical Score.
B00004XONN|5.0|I'm sure Kid A will lose a lot of Radiohead fans who loved the guitar rock of the Bends and the smooth melodic OK Computer.  I'm also sure that Kid A will gain some new Radiohead fans.  Kid A is one amazing album that you have to sit down and listen to in one listen.  You can't skip tracks.  It's all one piece of art and it leaves you speechless and wanting for more.<br />This is the best Radiohead has put out to date.
0790731479|5.0|Beetlejuice is an awe-inspiring wonderfully amusing comedic romp that explores the incredible possibilities of the after-life and the boundaries of the absurd. Telling the tale of a recently dead married couple that suddenly gets led into the chaotic world of the supernatural. Adam and Barbara Maitland (Alec Baldwin and Geena Davis) discover many of the conflicting rather human imperfections that haunt the lives of the living also plague the afterlife as well.<br />Unlike some film projects that seemed to be blindly assigned to dispassionate filmmakers for commercial reasons, Beetlejuice's plot and bizarre subject matter remarkably complemented Burton's unusually macabre artistic sensibilities extraordinarily well. Created by the unbelievably brilliant guidance of imaginative film director, Tim Burton (Pee Wee's Big Adventure, Batman, Ed Wood, Sleepy Hollow). The film's uniquely creative landscape was a culmination of essentially all of the abundant irony and outlandish yet human behaviors that have graced the body of Burton's work.<br />Augmented by deviously energetic performances from Glenn Shadix, Jeffrey Jones, Winona Ryder, Catherine O' Hara, Geena Davis, and Alec Baldwin, the film bustles with uninhibited brilliant hilarity that persistently pushes the film to a level of almost affable euphoria. Paired with its ingenious screenplay and a tour de force performance by Michael Keaton as Beetlejuice. This film transforms itself into an exuberant jovial exercise that is extremely satisfying and philosophically perceptive on many levels. Though comedy is usually considered to be unable or undeserving of deep critical analysis, Beetlejuice is an undeniably inspired concept that has been flawlessly transferred to film. One of the most outstanding comedies of the 1980's. <br />As for the film's DVD package, the DVD includes the theatrical trailer, an isolated Danny Elfman musical track, and the choice to watch the film in anamorphic widescreen or Pan and Scan. Hopefully Beetlejuice will eventually be graced with a special edition. We can always hope.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The everyday world is experienced by you every day.  It's so easy not to think about it but what if it's not real.  <br />A man is told the matrix has you...  He wants to know what the matrix is.  He discovers the truth about what has been happening his whole life.  He has been in the matrix all along!  It's all around you.  He enters the real world and finds out the time is closer to 2199 than 1999.  There are huge fields where humans are no longer simply born, they are grown.  <br />Morphis believes this man is the one than will save mankind.  Long ago a prediction was made that the man that freed the first of us would later be born again and destroy the matrix.  <br />It became clear that the fake world was stopping us from being free.  It's a prison built to control us.  As long as it exists we are trapped.  Some people spent their whole lives looking for the one. Now Morphis believes the search is over... He must fight the agents and everyone who previously did has died.  But the one would not have to fight based on rules like gravity and logic! When he's ready he won't have to dodge bullets or be afraid.   In the end we even see our hero come back from death to end the final battle against the agents.  The special effects are amazing when he jump into an agents body and bursts out!      A woman is told &quot;the man you love will be the one&quot;.  He is left alone to fight while the others have gone through the exit.  <br />We learn that the future CANNOT be foretold.  Even the one doesn't know how things are going to end...  But he decides (in the last scene) to show everyone a world without rules, where anything is possible.<br />In the sequels I would love to see time-travel because you could just rewind as it's NOT real anyway!
B00004XONN|5.0|Much of the early press focused on the inaccessibility and alternative musical stance taken by the new Radiohead album. Indeed, the sound is as unrecognisable from previous Radiohead offerings. Once you have listened to this a few times, however, it becomes a new WAY OF LIFE. It is deep, meaningful and detailed to the point of sheer extravagence. It is an extremely rewarding listen that can only be fully appreciated given time. The best track is 'How to Disappear Completely', which is absolutely beautiful, and right up there among the best Radiohead tracks out. The biggest disappointment is 'Treefingers', which, frankly, sucks.
B00004XONN|4.0|Mellow...very mellow, &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;ish.  I enjoyed all of the tracks and Thom Yorke is very hypnotic.  They really seem to enjoy their music and so do I.  Lay back, get into a state and just think about stuff...ahhhh.
B00004XONN|5.0|I wish this album would go on forever. The instrumentation is totally gorgeous.. This is my introduction to Radiohead.. A friend of mine took me to a listening party for Kid A last night and I bought it.. I am definitely glad I did.. There are no 'skippable' tracks on this disc!
B00004XONN|5.0|I waited outside the record store to be the first one to get this cd. I did not even know what to expect, but I assumed that is was going to be an amazing cd. I was very impressed with what I heard. Lots of people are going to say it was no &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; or it wasn't &quot;The Bends&quot; and possibly even not like &quot;OK Computer.&quot; They are correct, but that does not mean anything. This cd flows. The transitions between songs go so well, and it is almost like being in a dream. If I had to compare this to any of their other albums, it would have to be with &quot;OK Computer,&quot; but &quot;Kid A&quot; is very distinguishable between the two. Tom's voice, as always, seems to soar over the music, and the music is almost like scenery passing by. I highly recommend this to anybody who like mellow and electronic music. I am a fan of punk music, and I think it is incredible. On a side not, I always enjoyed the artwork that they had in their cd's and other merchendise, and I loved the artwork inside of this cd. I think just looking at it while listening to songs adds to the overall tone of the cd. Well, I hope you are going to buy this cd because it would be a travesty if you didn't.
B00004WMYB|5.0|First Came Infinet,then Game Over, then The Slim Shady LP. Now The Marshall Matthers LP. This Is The Most Foul,Funny,Explict,Dissin Other People,Cursing,And Seued Album By Eminem This Album Is Da Bomb It Makes Fun of:N'Sync,Christina Agulera,Ect.,Ect.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have been listening to this album for about a month.  The great thing about radiohead is the total package they bring in music.  Truly masters of multimedia, this album continues radiohead's trend towards a style of music that isn't mired in tradition while not losing its audience.  This is not music for entertainment.  This is music as art and for art.  This is the division between radiohead and most other musicians.  Suddenly, Kid A and other radiohead albums bring emotion and a self evaluation validating this art form.
B000002BFZ|5.0|This is definately one of pearl jam's best albums.  It is filled with great songs like hail hail, habit, smile, and red mosquito.  Although I must admit this abum is not perfect, even though it contains all the elements that make pearl jam a great band.  I think that as pearl jam got older, their music started to evolve into a better sound compared with their earlier releases.  With this release, they sounded just as great as they did on vs.  This album also had a certain raw feeling to it, which ten didn't have.  If you buy this cd and are a pearl jam fan, you aren't wasting your money.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This film was very good it had a great plot! And the story was very good.  But it had too much masturbation it seemed like that's all the movie was about in the begining.  But after it got past that it was good almost like a thriller flick.
0804106304|5.0|Amy Tan's JOY LUCK CLUB is a collection of vignettes from two generations of Chinese-American women, the mothers who have dealt with struggles during World War II in China and their daughters who deal with lingering ghosts from their childhood and their marriage problems of today. Open-mindedly showing the differences between a generation gap and strengthening the bond between mother and daughter, JOY LUCK CLUB is a magical book, it casts a spell and enchants you until the very last word.
6305014140|5.0|This anime is INCREDIBLE.....the story, swordfights, great characters. I showed this too my friend who has never seen an anime, and didnt really care about them...i showed him this and his attitude totaly changed. Recommended to anyone and everyone!
0812580346|4.0|I read this on a camping trip, and polished it off in the space of a day. It's since become one of my frequent re-reads. It's a good book, with a really great hook for the story. Sawyer does have a bad tendency to suddenly drop in a couple of pages at a time of expository physics lecture, but (strangely) they don't _seem_ intrusive when they appear. Overall, worth buying for a compelling read.
0446608955|5.0|I purchased this book at an airport - just to pass the time.  It did far more than just pass the time, it consumed the time and made a lasting impression, a story I will remember for a long time.  I couldn't put it down!  When I read the author's prologue &quot;First you will smile, then you will cry&quot;, he knew exactly what he was talking about!  I DID smile, I DID cry!  The book was very well written and a wonderful, delightful story!  I recommend this book to all ages.  A great story for the young and old!  Bravo Nicholas Sparks! Another great novel that I've very much enjoyed!
B00004XONN|3.0|Yes, I know. They are Radiohead and this is a savvy move. Thom is fully cognizant that he could not match the dirge for the modern world that was the last album. So take it somewhere else. Smart move, boring direction. Not even sure the rest of the band is needed here (syntesizers though, lots of synthesizers). Is it horrible? No. Is it worth getting? maybe, but if you must have it why would you listen to anything anyone said here? And it may grow on me but it will never be as good as I had hoped. And by the way, the Bends is their best work.
B00004XONN|5.0|Now, this album seems to be getting a bum rap from the press, solely because of who it is, rather than what it's like. Now, OK, Kid A is not quite as wonderful as The Bends or OK Computer. But what is? The only band in recent memory to have reached the quality of Radiohead's output is Portishead. But what you've got to try and do is forget who it is, and just go with it. All of it! Now could just say all the usual stuff. But why? This is a very unusual album. It's almost like an album of experimental B-sides. It's wonderful, but just doesn't do what you expect. When you talk of stand-out tracks, you get a bit stumped. The National Anthem and Idiotec are the only two that grab you, the rest just take you. And let them. They're wonderful tunes. This will not be everyone's cup of tea, granted. I won't argue that to some people this album will be highly substandard. I just think they're wrong.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Once again Ridley Scott, one of the best directors in modern cinema, resurrects an old and trite genre.  He did for Roman epics, what Alien and Blade Runner did for their respective genres.  In this movie, he brings the fanatic and edge of your seat excitement that Saving Private Ryan and Braveheart had to the epic roman battles.   This film had it all, from a great cast to wonderful cinematography and editing.  The only fault I could find was the somewhat anti-climactic ending, but I heard that it was due to some storm that destroyed the sets for the grand epic battle.  I wonder if they will shed more light on that subject, but still it was a great movie.  It made a star out of Russell Crowe, a great actor who has been in some very good movies, among my favorite, is LA Confidential.  <br />The special edition DVD is defiantly worth a look at, I can't wait to buy it!
B00004XQP4|5.0|I have been waiting forever for this album...and the wait was worth it....BJ and his music seems to have grown up a bit...but it is as awesome as before...softer a bit maybe
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I've been a long time fan of Submarine movies, among my favorite of course is Das Boot.  This was a great effort and it tried to get the same reaction as Das Boot, but it wasn't as good.   It had a star-studded cast, but no outstanding performances, not even by Harvey Keitel, one of the best actors around.  It captured the tight knit and claustrophobic lifestyle of living on a submarine, but it didn't have enough character development.   You didn't care what happened to the people in the film, thus lacked suspense.  It looked like a typical Hollywood film, which hurt it and it didn't have a terrific director like Wolfgang Peterson.  Although I liked the Moscow's first movie, Breakdown, it didn't have this Hollywood look and feel to it.  I think he had the right idea, but couldn't reach it with his film.  The fact that it isn't historically accurate also hurt it.  What Das Boot, The Hunt for Red October, and Crimson Tide had were great performances and talented directors, and that is where this film failed.
B00004XONN|5.0|What does the band Radiohead do after creating what was heralded by some as the greatest album of all time in &quot;Ok Computer&quot;? The answer is nothing except defy themselves with the majestic &quot;Kid A&quot;. Radiohead seem to be saying we are tired of being &quot;Radiohead&quot; or what people think we are. The mystery is the grandeur of &quot;Kid A&quot;, it is a piece of art that like &quot;Ok Computer should be listened to as a whole. The guitar work is replaced by electronic soundscapes much in the likes of Aphex Twin but &quot;Radiohead&quot; pull it off in their own way. Thoms vocals are electronically spliced on tracks like &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Everything in it's Right Place&quot; but they seem to fit with the ambient soundscapes and beats. &quot;Optimistic&quot; seems to be the most commercial track if it is possible to label anything on &quot;Kid A&quot; commercial. Radiohead seem to be saying &quot;this is us&quot; take it or leave it on &quot;Kid A&quot;, and I am definitely going to take &quot;Kid A&quot;! If you have difficulty distinguishing between tracks on &quot;Kid A&quot; it is because each song flows so well into another. Again, listen to this album as a whole and you will not be disappointed. If you still are not buying the new sound of Radiohead then keep listening because you will! Thanks to Radiohead for producing the album that is a breath of fresh air in today's &quot;bubblegum&quot; pop world.. Buy &quot;Kid A&quot;!
B00003CXDG|2.0|I am a big fan of John Woo, one of the best action directors in the world!  But I must say that it was a big disappointment to see such a weak and trite movie from one of the biggest stars in Hollywood and one of the best action directors in the world!  Not only was the story trite and weak, but also the action was very old and unimaginative.  To see the brilliance of John Woo, check out Boiling Point and the Killer, two great movies with another great actor Chow Yun-Fat.  And most of the action from MI2 was from other Woo movies.  Not only did the final battle look fake, but the frantic and fast pace of Woo's other movies were missing here.  One thing Hollywood loves to do is to import great foreign directors, then to take away what made them great.  And if I see one more white Dove in a John Woo film, I might go crazy.  I know it's his signature, but enough is enough!
B00004XONN|5.0|If you have traced the career of the Oxford quintent that is Radiohead, you know how far the band has come from album to album.  The quantum leap jump from &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; to &quot;The Bends&quot; and then from The Bends to &quot;OK Computer,&quot; which was hailed as one of the best albums of all time.  After three years the long wait for the first post-OK Computer album has come to an end with the masterpiece that is &quot;Kid A,&quot; and believe it or not, Radiohead somehow managed another quantum-leap in sound.  As much &quot;OD Computer&quot; distanced itself from &quot;The Bends&quot;, &quot;Kid A&quot; does to &quot;OK Computer.&quot;  What Radiohead has really done with this new album is reinvnet the landscape of modern day music.  The album starts with the looped organ drive of &quot;Everything in its Right Place,&quot; setting the pace for the rest of the CD.  Soon we get to &quot;The National Anthem,&quot; with its driving bass line and the amazingly cool brass section.  Move past the ambiantly bizarre, yet very enjoyable instrumental &quot;Treefingers&quot; and you will come to the biggest surprise on the CD, which is &quot;Idioteque.&quot;  &quot;Idioteque&quot; is a full on dance/club song, with the beats to prove it.  It is with this very wonderful song that Radiohead truly breaks through all presuppositions anyone might have had about them.  The album ends with the gorgeous &quot;Motion Picutre Soundtrack&quot; as lead singer Thom Yorke says, &quot;I will see you in the next life.&quot;  What Thom fails to realize is that with &quot;Kid A&quot;, we've all been propelled into the next life . . . of music as we know it.  This CD is amazing, I reccomend it more than I can say.
B00004XONN|4.0|There isn't much to say about this album because it's not easy to put into words.  I would just recommend an open mind.  If you're worried about charts, videos, or what other people think -- this isn't for you.  Definitely for the mature listener.  Enjoy!
B00004XONN|5.0|Man..This CD is in my top 5 of ALL TIME. The lovely thing about this is how it will surely debut at #1 and many people will be shaking their heads and skipping tracks trying to find something &quot;on their level&quot;...it's on OUR level. The right people reading this will know this surely.
1558803602|5.0|First, compare this masterpiece to &quot;the 6th sense&quot;. One is an uplifting story of reality where good does triumph, the other is a dark, sordid, dangerous lie about angry, departed spirits.<br />This film is one of Spielberg's finest on the same level of Saving Private Ryan because of its truthfullness, and the reviewers who missed this, I hope I can explain why. We all have loved ones, and most of us have lost some at some point in life, that they could come back on a special mission as angels (not wander aimlessly in place) is a fascinating concept not without merit. The film stays true to this throughout. Certainly this is Richard Dreyfuss' and Holly Hunter's best movie. Its beautifully filmed and has awesome aerial action sequences that remind us all of the dangers the forest fire fighters go through. Now then, you have Richard D losing his life to save John Goodman, NOW THAT HAPPENS IN REAL LIFE.<br />But Holly Hunter is devastated, so Richard comes back to reinvigorate her life she deserves. What's beautiful is that Richard realizes that there is beauty in all of us, in that if you REALLY LOVE SOMEONE, you will want them to be loved, and if you can't be there to do this, there is uniqueness in other people that can fill this need. Richard realizes that Holly is, yes &quot;his girl&quot;, but that that doesn't mean she couldn't find love with another person for the remainder of life--its not a competition in order to have something unique, we are all unique, its &quot;apples&quot; and &quot;oranges&quot;. The exclusivity arrogance that Richard thinks makes him the &quot;best&quot; pilot is really not that but self-confidence, and when he takes Brad Johnson's character under his wing (pardon the pun) he realizes as a responsible LEADER that he needs to infuse his courage into him. Its an amazing thing to watch Richard/Holly/Brad change before your eyes on the screen.<br />The ending for me is what makes this film one of the greatest films, ever. I didn't expect it actually. My eyes water recounting it. Read no further if you haven't seen the film!<br />But it is realistic and true-to-life. A team of &quot;Smoke Jumpers&quot; are trapped by fire in the mountains. Brad must fly and water bomb drop to shield them to escape to a nearby river. Holly Hunter is a pilot, so she hops in and flies the mission for him! She will NOT stand to see him die. Now that's LOVE. And determination. WOW! That's realistic--women are known when the time calls for it to---display tremendous courage when required, for example when my mom and I were driving in fog she hit the brakes before hitting a truck and her FIRST INSTINCT was to extend her arm to stop me from flying into the windshield; now THAT'S HEROISM. Holly's character is of the same mold, she flies the mission and Richard talks her through it, the Smoke Jumpers are saved in the nick of time but her plane is hit and she is going down...into the water. She finally gets through to Richard in the process but doesn't want to live anymore...she doesn't budge from her seat. Richard talks to her and tells her she has a life to live, others are counting on her and he helps her to the surface! I believe that. I know for a fact that in your hour of need goodness will come through for you, she reaches the surface and runs to Brad Johnson.<br />What a great movie true to life!'t expect it actually. My eyes water recounting it. Read no further if you haven't seen the film!<br />But it is realistic and true-to-life. A team of &quot;Smoke Jumpers&quot; are trapped by fire in the mountains. Brad must fly and water bomb drop to shield them to escape to a nearby river. Holly Hunter is a pilot, so she hops in and flies the mission for him! She will NOT stand to see him die. Now that's LOVE. And determination. WOW! That's realistic--women are known when the time calls for it to---display tremendous courage when required, for example when my mom and I were driving in fog she hit the brakes before hitting a truck and her FIRST INSTINCT was to extend her arm to stop me from flying into the windshield; now THAT'S HEROISM. Holly's character is of the same mold, she flies the mission and Richard talks her through it, the Smoke Jumpers are saved in the nick of time but her plane is hit and she is going down...into the water. She finally gets through to Richard in the process but doesn't want to live anymore...she doesn't budge from her seat. Richard talks to her and tells her she has a life to live, others are counting on her and he helps her to the surface! I believe that. I know for a fact that in your hour of need goodness will come through for you, she reaches the surface and runs to Brad Johnson.<br />What a great movie true to life!
B00000J7S8|5.0|Although I just recently found out that Diana Krall is a relatively recent Grammy-nominated jazz-music sensation (the past five years or so) and hailed as a fresh, new talent on the general music scene, I didn't experience her music first-hand until very recently.<br />Even then, I didn't come in entirely unprepared.  After hearing about the third random rave-review of her music, and especially her piano-playing, I finally had to sample her music for myself.<br />My first sampling was 'Love Scenes', which certainly didn't disappoint.  I could definitely see her husky-voiced, character-laden appeal.  Her covers of many traditional hits (Porter, etc.) are certainly very appealing, and unique enough to warrant all the claims of Krall's being one of the biggest, truly new things to happen to contemporary jazz music.<br />But it was after I bought 'When I Look Into Your Eyes' that I really found out what all these claims about Diana Krall's 'specialness' meant.  Although I am a huge music fan with a very wide range of tastes based on my mood, it is seldom that a piece of music absolutely takes me away.  Well, when I first heard the title track, 'When I Look Into Your Eyes', I actually stopped what I was doing, and just *listened*.  What a beautiful, sad song.  Funny, a few days later I casually listened to the CD again from the beginning, and the same thing happened AGAIN!  I suddenly dropped what I was doing, and just sat and listened because I was almost incapable of doing otherwise.  The beauty of that song is indescribable.  It makes so much of pop-music seem so utterly trivial in comparison.  The depth of feeling, plus the expression in her voice, is so heart-stirring as to be almost painful. <br />I can't say that I come across such emotionally powerful music very often.  Only select classical music can even come close to the effect that Diana Krall's voice has on me.  She is truly wonderful and we are lucky to be able to listen to her.
6304836619|4.0|Adapted for the screen by Anthony Schaffer, the author of the play, and directed by one of the legends of Hollywood, Joseph L. Mankiewicz, SLEUTH is the perfect movie for you if you like excellent actors, Laurence Olivier and Michal Caine for instance, a subtle plot with unexpected twists and a superior cinematography.<br />I was amazed by the admirable production design of the movie. Laurence Olivier's mansion is a dream come true, every objects appearing on the screen seem to have a priceless value and the rooms, including the cellar, are little museums. Joseph L. Mankiewicz had to nail the audience in some way because SLEUTH is not a play with a lot of characters and could have discouraged the viewer if the director hadn't been such a talent. Another (innocent) trick of Mankiewicz is to film the puppets or the masks as if they were alive, you always have the feeling that the characters are not alone in the mansion.<br />One can regret that the Anchor Bay DVD presents only a scene access and no english subtitles. The image quality was, in my opinion, rather good, without black or white spots. Sound, on the contrary, could have been better.<br />A DVD for the smart ones.
B00004XONN|5.0|On Kid A, Radiohead captures the feeling of never quite being at home...  there is a foreign quality to every note...  the vocals seem a new language...  one which acknowledges the very uselessness of words...  they are twisted and distorted as much as possible...  not to destroy their meaning...  but to expose the meaning as never having been there to begin with...  this is no collection of songs...  but of colors and emotions...  a world that ticks...  and ticks...  and ticks...  and ends...<br />Not since the breakthrough Counting Crows album have music fans been asked to take such a leap beyond the accepted limits of creativity.
B00004XONN|5.0|How do you listen to an album without referencing it to every other album you've heard?  It's even harder to avoid referencing a band's previous output when you're trying to wrap your head around their new material.  <br />I don't think it's possible to do that, actually.  And with that having been said, I've been listening to OK Computer recently in anticipation of this album.  With OK Computer, Radiohead built a huge bridge that very few bands have been willing or able to cross.  Kid A sets plastic explosives along the bridge's foundation and sets the fuse.<br />I am not a talented critic.  I won't describe songs.  However, I will say that this album changes everything.  You forgot that rock is undefined.  You forgot that it is limitless.  Listen to this album.  It might remind you.
B00000J2KR|5.0|Some people may complain about the slower pacing of &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;. They are missing the point : this film is not about moving from plot point A to plot point B in the most efficient way possible - you want that, go see a Ron Bass movie. <br />&quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;, unlike many movies which trip all over themselves to twist the audiences expectations, does take it's time; but it is for the journey that we must embark. Every character, every set, every line of dialogue, every frame has been touched by a craftman unequaled in his lifetime. From the highly detailed production design to the flowery, and at times, comical dialogue Kubrick has created a true vision of life in aristocratic Europe. <br />But instead of celebrating the chivalry and heroism of the period Kubrick peels away the layers of legend to reveal the true nature of kings and generals. He satirically castigating royalty and soldiers alike as petty and decadant rogues, who pay lip service to honor while stealing all they can to support their lifestyle (or &quot;the manner with which they'd become accustomed&quot;). And Barry, being from humble roots, is all too eager to play the game in exchange for a place at the table.   <br />The film is both a literary and visual masterpiece. The former is likely due to the abilities of W.M. Thacker who wrote the book upon which the movie was based. Only a novel could be so rich in detail while mantaining it's overall theme. The latter, is all Kubrick - always a visual genius, the man invented a new lens system so he could film the whole thing with natural light. Amazing. At certain points in the movie, you will be wondering if that river or meadow in the background is a matte painting or if, in fact, a place that scenic does indeed exist.<br />I've seen the movie three or four times, I watch key scenes over and over again. To me, it's one of the funniest movies ever made. The fact that Kubrick made it also makes it one of the best.
B00004XONN|4.0|the world needs more funky sounds with people talking like robots. robots usually scare me because they have big claws.
B00004XONN|1.0|This was the worst CD I've heard from Radiohead, I went to buy it as soon as it got out because i just love Radiohead, but once I listened to it I realized it was a piece of junk. I want my money back this is not Radiohead!
0380788624|5.0|I almost didn't buy the book because of the (few) negative reviews.  Not having read any Stephenson before, I plan on ordering them all.  This book was a great read.  I marked many passages and read them aloud to friends.  Forget the comments regarding the cryptography being too difficult, or that only CompSci majors will enjoy the book.  The comedy was great, and the writing was precise and moved along at a good clip throughout the entire book. If you enjoy good fiction - albeit highbrow vs. slapstick - you won't go wrong.
B00004XQP4|4.0|They make a nice CD.  They were do for one.  Back to classic greem day.
6305364648|5.0|Go buy True Lies. That's really all I have to say about True Lies. I'll go on about how funny it is, how much action it has, and how great of a plot it has but the point is this: GET IT.<br />True Lies has A LOT of action. From a snow chase to a bathroom fight, (that leads to one of the most spectacular action scenes fimed) to a battle in the Florida Keys and to a brige chase and a harrier jet fight, True Lies is (if not the best) one of the best action films ever.<br />It is also VERY funny. Tom Arnold (who plays Arnold's partner) is unbelievably funny. But the real funny person is Bill Paxton, who plays a sleazy used cars salesman who is trying to have affairs with Arnold's wife. <br />All in all:<br />PROS: AWESOME action sequences; VERY funny; good plot; great acting. (especially by Bill Paxton and Tom Arnold.)<br />CONS: None.<br />BOTTOM LINE: IF you're an action fan or a comedy fan, True Lies will give you just waht you want.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Finaly.. it's out! Another masterpiece from Billie! It's a little bit softer than Nimrod, but than again if you like Nimrod this is THE DISK for you, get it now! All songs are great, don't know what else to say, exept GREEN DAY IS THE BEST
B00004XONN|1.0|This was the worst CD I've heard from Radiohead, I went to buy it as soon as it got out because i just love Radiohead, but once I listened to it I realized it was a piece of junk. I want my money back this is not Radiohead!
0812550706|5.0|Dustin M.<BR> October 2, 2000<BR> The Book was outstanding, a very compelling story, good charactor development, and just plain fun to read. My friends recommended the book and I had no idea what I was in for. Ender Wiggin is amazing and the suprise ending was really a suprise. In one store I found it in the Fiction section, but in another I found it in the Sci-Fi section. Its not really a sci-fi book, but more of a plain fiction book.  Orson Scott Card has outdone himself and there are four books to the series of Ender, not to mention a Parrel universe story. My self, I am working on  Speaker for the dead&quot; , also very good. A must read for any book lover!
B00004XONN|5.0|As mainstream magazines like rolling stone and spin search for obscure adjectives and &quot;rock-critic&quot; insight to help describe &quot;Kid A&quot;, let me put it to you very simply: &quot;Kid A&quot; is just as good, if not possible better, than &quot;OK Computer&quot;. A lot of people will point out the fact that this, &quot;isn't a typical Radiohead release.&quot; However, i sort of disagree with that critique because, when compared, all their past albums are completely different. &quot;Kid A&quot; is as much like &quot;OK Computer&quot; as &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; is. Radiohead is band that refuses to make the same album over and over like so many other bands have done in the past. It would be so easy to attempt to duplicate &quot;OK Computer&quot; and thusly have everyone in america once again praising your new album, but Radiohead is not the kind of band that sets out to gain praise. With &quot;Kid A&quot;, Radiohead proves they will not be defined by one classic album; they will continue to push the boundaries and challenge themselves musically. This is 50 minutes of great music.
B00003CWOL|4.0|This was another great movie by Kevin Smith. I was told it was suppossed to be new start for, a chance to get into something a little more serious. I wouldn't agree with that though. The film still contained characters like Jay and Silent Bob and had his usual cast of actors, Ben Affleck and Jason Lee, too. The movie was a rather refreshing look at religion though. It even made me, an atheist, a little curious, for about 5 minutes. Overal, I would recommend this to anyone who likes Kevin's work.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Still not as good as self titled, but better then Evil Empire.
0375501851|3.0|Let me say first that I greatly admire this book's scope and ambition. Not many first-time authors dare to paint in brush strokes this broad (as a counterpoint, think of the Brat Pack novelists of the '80s and their skimpy, self-satisfied works). These strengths, however -- the sprawling, multi-generational plot lines and abundance of characters -- also form the core of the novel's greatest weakness. Simply, Zadie Smith just doesn't have the mojo to pull it all off. The rambling expository passages quickly grow tiresome (it took me several months to finish the book -- I read about a third at a time and took long breaks) and many of the eccentricities meant to liven up her characters occasionally land on the wrong side of annoying parody. That said, White Teeth should indeed be read by anyone with a serious interest in current fiction. There is some truly inspired writing on display, most notably in the scenes involving Samad, Archie and the War. It's a pretty safe bet that Zadie Smith will one day make good on the formidable promise she demonstrates here. She is, after all, only in her mid-20s (a fact which may explain why the book's critical praise has been so wildly out of proportion with its actual achievement as a work of art). Until then, there is White Teeth, an overreaching, overrated and uneven book, but one that most young writers would kill to have written.
B00000420F|5.0|exhilarating! a masterpeice of fine classical music. unique, and distinctive. a must have cd!
B00004X01U|5.0|This CD is a very good album, there are a lot of great songs on it.<br />The thing i like about Madonna's cd is that she always tries new things... in this album she tries a lot of styles....techno and electronica firstly and a bit of country...that brings a very good album!<br />If you want to buy a CD, buy this one!
B00004XONN|5.0|In Kid A Radiohead succeed in transcending every kind of music in 5-minutes pop-songs. A orchestra (strings scored by Jonny) and wind instruments are present in most of the songs but this bend is never pretentious, Thom's voice is the usual pleasure-in-pain screamed/murmured one (sometimes words are unintellegible) while Colin plays jazzy bass lines and Phil new rhythms. They are no more the usual guitars-bass-drum band (at least when they're in studio), but that was foreseen after OK Computer.<br />\\"How to disappear\\", the only acoustic song, could be a taken out from Pink Floyd's \\"A saucerful of secrets\\" with its sonic lightnings in the background and it's probably the most graceful song ever written by the band. Anthem is a mix of funk,  trance and classical with a chaotic jazzy end. \\"Optimistic\\" is the only real rock-song, a thrilling mantra which recall me Jeff Buckley's \\"New year's prayer\\". \\"Motion picture\\" had been played in the acoustic set in early sping and was a standard song while now it sounds like Beatles' \\"A day in the life\\" and \\"Good night\\". The other ones are texture of rock and electronic sounds, Brian Eno's experimentations, dub rhythms with samples (quite similar to Massive Attack and UNKLE) plus something that seems to come from Syd Barrett's ill mind.  Radiohead are a incredibly imaginative mind growing up like a tree, roots in the Sixties and branches stretched out to the future. Where do they go now?
B000001Y42|3.0|Stuck and Counterfit were cool songs the othrs were just ehh
6305013578|1.0|Quality be damned.  Its a silent film, its expected to be grainy.  But the music...one can only conclude that they found a cd of public domain classical music and played it for the duration of the film.  Nothing matches.  In fact quite the oposite.  We have music from a comic-opera playing during what might have been a frightening stalking scene.  While the children are drowning in the Depths we are treated to happy, playfull, down right romping melodies.  What is supposed to be tragic is full of triumph.  What is deep is comical.  YOu say, it's just 8 bucks; its worth it to check it out. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. Buy ANY other edition but this one.
B00004XONN|5.0|aah, we've waited so long...and here it sits proud: An exhilarating follow-up to something we have loved &amp; re-re-discovered ceaselessly since '97. <br /> 'Kid A' is 48 min of aural geography - from achingly beautiful fjords thru to clostrophobic inner-city grime.  Less 'guitar-upfront', more 'hyper-processed edits' generally.  If 'OK' still stuns you, get Kid A, you cannot be disappointed.  Relish the lack glowing mainstream reviews...you'll play it alone, with lights down low.  It'll grow on you like 'OK' did.  Headed in the direction of Boards of Canada, DJ Shadow, Labradford, Aphex Twin, Eno &amp;...good REM. <br />You were going to buy it regardless of what I've said...so enjoy.  aaaah, cuts 4 &amp; 7....
B00004XONN|5.0|In Kid A Radiohead succeed in transcending every kind of music in 5-minutes pop-songs. A orchestra (strings scored by Jonny) and wind instruments are present in most of the songs but this bend is never pretentious, Thom's voice is the usual pleasure-in-pain screamed/murmured one (sometimes words are unintellegible) while Colin plays jazzy bass lines and Phil new rhythms. They are no more the usual guitars-bass-drum band (at least when they're in studio), but that was foreseen after OK Computer.<br />\\"How to disappear\\", the only acoustic song, could be a taken out from Pink Floyd's \\"A saucerful of secrets\\" with its sonic lightnings in the background and it's probably the most graceful song ever written by the band. Anthem is a mix of funk,  trance and classical with a chaotic jazzy end. \\"Optimistic\\" is the only real rock-song, a thrilling mantra which recall me Jeff Buckley's \\"New year's prayer\\". \\"Motion picture\\" had been played in the acoustic set in early sping and was a standard song while now it sounds like Beatles' \\"A day in the life\\" and \\"Good night\\". The other ones are texture of rock and electronic sounds, Brian Eno's experimentations, dub rhythms with samples (quite similar to Massive Attack and UNKLE) plus something that seems to come from Syd Barrett's ill mind.  Radiohead are a incredibly imaginative mind growing up like a tree, roots in the Sixties and branches stretched out to the future. Where do they go now?
B0000028RR|5.0|It is probably one of the best cds I have ever purchased, I give it two enthusiastic thumbs up
0805062971|5.0|When I watched the movie, I was in midway through my Sociological Theory class.  When I walked out of the movie, I was smiling and shivering at the same time -- this is truly a phenomenal story that Palahniuk has written!  The themes are &quot;original&quot; for the time period, but if you are a student of classical sociological literature, you will discover that these themes are parallel to classic ideology - Marx, Weber, Durkheim, to mention a few classic sociological thought masters were the first to originate the ideas of the unsatiated lifestyles created by overstimulation, bureacracy, and consumerism...it's neat to see that their predictions are correct with Fight Club as a testament to their life's work.<br />Now..I read the book months after seeing the movie.  I don't know if it would have been better to read it first, or vice versa - either way, both are excellent.  The book gives you more of a feel for the narrator (the lead, Ed Norton's character, &quot;Rupert/Cornelius&quot;) including his struggles and emotions.  Some of the themes are also more emphasized in the book - such as the analogy between searching for a father and God.  I don't necessarily agree with the narrator's ending and satirical comments about God and the afterlife, but I thought that some of the more mature themes (and non-existentialist) were right on  (i.e., the commodification of life - Palahniuk's comments on &quot;tiny life&quot; were hilarious, and the loss of meaning in what-has-become a Godless and spiritless society).  I also LOVE how Palahniuk attacks today's ridiculous ideals of &quot;individualism&quot; - an issue that concerns the younger &quot;generation x&quot; today.  Everything is NOT about YOU and your bank account, and your hair, and your wardrobe, and your desperation to get on MTV.  Stop being counterproductive and start giving back to a society that has given you so many freedoms - Freedom is not anywhere near being free..<br />Anyway, went off on a tangent.  Palahniuk is onto something, and I highly support his work!hniuk is onto something, and I highly support his work!
630476524X|1.0|This film is straight up horrid.  By creating this film, the memory of Brandon Lee, as well as the reason for writing The Crow in the first place, have both been utterly tarnished.  The storyline follows that of the first film - a man is killed horribly along with a loved one, and returns from the dead to exact his revenge.  I couldn't even bring myself to pay to see this one.  I waited until the local library had it and borrowed it for free.  Kids, heed my warning and take the advice of one who has seen this trash...avoid this film no matter whatever else you do in life!  Let Brandon Lee retain some dignity, and stay away from this one.
B00004X01U|2.0|I've always been a Madonna fan, and found &quot;Ray of Light&quot; absolutely amazing.  Unfortunately, &quot;Music&quot; is nowhere near as good.  The melodies are very average, the lyrics tired, and the subject matter shallow.  It just feels like Madonna didn't put any effort into this one.  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; felt like she was showing us a part of her soul -- &quot;Music&quot; feels like she's showing us nothing.  Really disappointing.
B00000JCOV|4.0|This album has recieved the coveted &quot;Recomend by Ryan (r)&quot; award.
B00004XONN|4.0|Since Kid A was released in Europe a day earlier than in the States I've had a chance to hear it through a couple of times and write a short article summarizing  my first impressions.  'Kid A' is definitely a breach with what we've come to expect from Radiohead, their guitar driven sound has been replaced with an experimental electronic soundscape, the music itself has similarities with a toned down aphex-twin album.  Thom Yorkes vocals are almost nonexcistant, they only surface briefly in approx. 5 tracks.  Track 3 (National Anthem) has a very strange sound indeed, its very blurred vocals are almost unrecognizable, and the focus is put on a sort of 'death jazz'.  There are some melodious songs on the album - 'How to disappear completely', and 'optimistic' both sound like a mixed derivative of 'No surprises' and 'Subterranien Homesick Alien'.  All in all however this album takes a bit of getting used to, but once you do its twisted melodies and odd bits of melancholy will elevate you to a state of mind where you can concentrate on the music, and listening to it makes you feel enlightend. The only thing I regret is that Yorkes vocal are pushed aside to make way for the music - songs generally last longer than just music.
B00003CX7L|5.0|This movie blew me away.  I loved the first one, yet this one was far better than the first.  It is full of laughs, excitement, and a great storyline.  These toys create a world that everyone wishes they could live in.  And I am 22 years old.  I am proud to say that this is my favorite movie!  People of all ages will love this movie.
B00004XONN|5.0|The only reason I call Kid A better than expected is that OK Computer is so brilliant.  How do you follow up what is unquestionably on the short list of the best albums of all time?  As expected, Radiohead don't mimic their past, but reinvent themselves with this new album.  I've been listening to it (via Napster) for 3 weeks (don't worry I bought a copy today) and Kid A continues to reveal itself with every listen.  The music at times comes across as a musical Pollock painting.  Smudges of sounds obscure each other, disappear, come back again to haunt you.  And despite what I've read of the album from &quot;critics&quot; many of the songs are quite catchy and mesmerizing.  Ok, not Britney Spears catchy (if that's what you call it) but catchy nonetheless.  The only real question is whether Kid A will remain in my 5 disk CD player as long as Ok Computer has (it's still there).<br />Final note, I don't know how people can consider rhead to take themselves too seriously.  One, what's wrong with a little seriousness in the current pop crap world, and two, musically and lyrically there are numerous humorous nudge and winks from the band on Kid A.  At least I think so . . . Buy it!
B000002B35|5.0|It's a great CD for every poeple would like Pink Floyd.  It's a greatest hits of Pink Floyd song and I am so mervellous.
6302797519|5.0|This movie is a classic in many ways.  The acting is superb, the settings lavish.  The story treats age old conflicts with a style that makes this movie one you can watch many times and still notice more.  Watch for contrasting themes such as bravery and cowardice, birth and death, white and black, light and dark, innocence and experience.  This is a movie to be watched and discussed.  Don't pass this one up!!
6305433909|2.0|After seeing Sister Act and Sister Act 2. Sister Act is Great. Sister Act 2 is Fair.
B00004XONN|3.0|I have been a Radiohead fan since Pablo Honey, and though each album has had unique dynamics, there has been a general idea folwing through them. This album throws that ideal out the window and introduces us to a new, highly electronic Radiohead. I hate electronic music. I deplore drum-n-bass. But Thom and the boys do it well. Cheers to that. The album is good, but don't expect OK Computer.
B00004RJ74|5.0|I just got this edition of &quot;From Dusk Till Dawn&quot; and was so suprised to see that the film is a double disc set.  Disc one is the making of film &quot;Full Tilt Boogie&quot; which runs almost as long as the film.  This disc's clarity is freakin' great and the sound is wonderful (no dts, though).  It is very much worth picking up.  It has tons of extras and all sorts of fun goodies.  The commentary is great, and the cast interviews are fun to watch too.  The deleted scences are not too fantastic, but who cares...the film is perfect already.  This is a total exploitation flick full of violence and over the top langauge.  Not too heavy on sex, but there are a few scenes that would be very uncomfortable to watch with mom and dad in the room.  So, viewer beware of the content.  Other than that the film is just plain fun.
0553274503|5.0|There is probably no one reading 'Flowers for Algernon' nowadays who doesn't know its story. Yet, unlike with many other SF novels, this does detract from the enjoyment in actually reading it, mainly because of its strong emotional impact. In my opinion, Charlie is not the real protagonist of this novel, even if he tells the story. He is a tragic hero, and his tragedy is palpably clear from his writings. Algernon, however, suffers a similar fate without being able to tell anyone about his fear and frustration. In a way, therefore, Charlie tells Algernon's story; his own is finished by the time the mouse's detoriation is clear. So I would celebrate this sorely underestimated mouse, who could teach more famous fellow-mice a thing or two about emotions.
B00004XONN|5.0|The most daring Radiohead CD ever; also the best Radiohead CD ever!
1561005878|5.0|I didn't know what character development was until I read this book. WSM paints each character so vividly it is easy to feel as though you may have met them once. A wonderful story ties these characters together in a way that challenges our beliefs about the way things &quot;ought&quot; to be. For, what truly is &quot;society&quot; if not the whole of &quot;us&quot;?
B00001NFCY|1.0|What a joke. Can anyone listen to &quot;Arms Wide Open&quot; and not laugh at the string arrangements? Is this an attempt to sound sophisticated? Weak lyrics, weaker music, and pathetic lyrical arrangements will sell millions for this band just like the rest of these radio-friendly unimaginative corporate cookie-cutter bands. I cant wait for these guys to fade away....
B00004XONN|5.0|I won a copy of this CD through a radio contest and I have to say it is the best rock recording since...Ok Computer! And don't confuse me with a Radiohead freak because I am not. This CD is an ingenius combo of reinvention of the same stuff. I especially like &quot;National Anthem&quot; on how it breaks out with horn solo to guitar. It's a granduer of the mind that simply ROCKS!
B00004X01U|5.0|This CD has a bit of everything on it.  You want dance, listen to &quot;Music&quot;, you want ambient, electronic stuff, check out &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;.  A few ballads and you have a great Madonna CD.  I've listened to it 2-4 times and enjoy it.  It'll fit in with whatever mood I'm in.  Hoping for a tour from the Material Girl soon!!
B00004Z511|5.0|this cd is absolutely magnificent. it has left me utterly speechless, unable to put my thoughts and feelings to writing. instead of droodling away, just read the review in the september issue of q magazine. it says what i feel, and what you should feel too.<br />buy this album.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I found out about this album over the summer and thought i need this album so i came on amazon and bought it. The day before it came out i watched the video for minority which is on this cd. Just listening to that song showed me this album will be there best yet.
B00004XONN|4.0|When comparing *Kid A* with Radiohead's other three albums, *Kid A* is certainly the oddball.  True, it is done in that famous Radiohead style, but many of the tracks are truly experimental.  &quot;Optomistic&quot; and &quot;Idioteque&quot; are about the closest there is to any resemblence of their previous 3 albums.  I give it four stars for both suprising me and for outstanding origionality.  The pace of the album is a little slower than I would have liked it to be, but Thom's vocals are very good.
B00004Z511|5.0|What can I say, this album is amazing.  If you like Radiohead, get it.  It's much more &quot;artsy&quot; and less &quot;rock&quot; than their previous offerings, but it is a very natural progression for the band.  The styles of music on the album vary widely from Brian Eno inspired tracks to techno inspired.  If you're thinking of getting the &quot;limited edition&quot; version think twice.  You only get an over-sized 9 page cardboard book filled with artwork.  There are no lyrics and you don't get either of the booklets from the regular version.  The limited edition version might become a collectors item since only 50,000 were pressed world wide, but for the average listener the regular version is enough.
B00004XONN|5.0|kid a is the album that needed to happen, in the sense that it is the next step for a band known for constantly developing new ways of creating sound by means of embracing the technology that they appear to distrust. the music itself is an incredible journey of twisting, inventive sounds and surreal melody encompassing an enormous spectrum of auditory and emotional expression, leading the listener down strange and unfamiliar paths but never losing its way. this is the kind of album that is overwhelming at first, but joyously so. immediately after hearing it, my first reaction was wanting to hear it again. this album is a consistently rich, imaginative landscape of texture and genuinely badass musical concepts. also its not too long.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's Kid A gets better everytime i listen to it.  The nuances of the album are everywhere, adding a new spin on their work with each listen.  Their ambient keyboards compliment the altered voice of their vocaclist(possibly the best voice in music today), Thom Yorke, beautifully.  Unfortunately, with the exception of &quot;Optimistic&quot; and &quot;How to Disappear Completely,&quot; the album won't appeal to radio stations.  The album sounds much better as an album, not as individual songs, silmilar to their previous release Ok Computer.  Overall the album is a creative succes for the band, moving music in a direction previously untouched.
B00004XQP4|3.0|Green day's getting older, and I guess they don't feel like playing punk.  This new album isn't punk at all.  If your looking for dookie type stuff, don't buy warning.  It's not a bad record, though.  It's a new sound that could be built on.
B00004XONN|5.0|What an original album this is!  Man, I didn't know how Radiohead could top OK Computer (much less my favorite album of all time, The Bends), but I never expected them to just go in a completely new direction!  This album is one of those &quot;concept album&quot; deals, I guess, where the whole is the important thing and single songs aren't as strong on their own.  It is pretty hypnotic.  At first, it seemed really inaccessible.  But just listen to it a couple times, and each time it keeps getting cooler, and you notice the intricacies.  And even if it's the whole that's supposed to make the greatest impression, there are still some standouts:  How to Disappear Completely is beautiful and haunting, and Motion Picture Soundtrack is just so layered and complex...  It's not the same vein as OK Computer and The Bends, but does that mean it's not as good?  I think, No.  It's a challenge, but a rewarding one, and it's nice to see that Radiohead are still expanding their horizons.  For its sheer originality and audacity, this album gets 5 stars from me!
B00004XONN|5.0|Im just blown away. I have downloaded a copy of this CD. Being a huge Radiohead fan, I simply couldnt wait. I didnt know what to make of it on the first pass... on the second I was concerned if they had gone mad to make a CD sound like this. After a week of listening CONSTANTLY, I am convinced this is art. The eerie sounds of this CD have the ability to produce amazing images. Thank you Radiohead for your THIRD contribution to my slect list of masterpirce albums.  Traditional Radiohead fans, beware. This album will challenge you and perhaps your love of Radiohead. They have pushed the envelope right off the table with certain pieces on this album. Be open and accepting, and you will experience a rich reward indeed. -Mark
B00004XONN|5.0|Well, at first listen i was expecting something different form OK Computer, which is my favorite record of all time. there was nothing i could listen to on repeat more than that album. i refused to hear anything from Kid A until the actual release date so the buying experience would be as intense as possible. let me tell you, i have already listened to the album about 5 times since i have purchased it just a few hours ago. its completely captivating from second one. i hung on to every note. the gloomy keyboard intro of &quot;everything in its right place&quot; sets the mood for the entire cd. there are no hooks or singalong melodies on this collection of beautiful tracks. only moods, emotions and each track complements the next. the track order is perfect, and i dont think that i will ever get tired of this piece of music. my favorite tracks so far are &quot;national anthem&quot;, which is a head-bobbing, disturbing trip into worlds my head has not previously traveled to, and &quot;idioteque&quot;, which has sounds and samples remeniscent of old aphex twin. with all the garbage on the radio and Mtv, this is a nice, creative and amazing slap in the face, especially since no singles or videos will be released for it.
B00004XONN|4.0|if you are looking for guitars don't buy this record however if you are looking for something completly different that really pushes the envelope of stingy modern rock than buy this record.
B00004XONN|4.0|after listening to ok computer enough to sing and play it backwards i found myself running to the store to pick this up on it's release date.  upon my first listen, i had to keep reminding myself this was radiohead.  when the lyrics dissappear within the songs you almost forget your actually listening to a radiohead cd.  definitely a good cd, especially for those who like alot more electronic sounds in their music ( some tracks run the risk of being referred to as drum and bass).  overall this cd is worth the money, however, don't expect another ok computer.
B00004XONN|1.0|Is this some kind of joke?  This is one of the most disappointing albums I have ever heard, and I expect more from Radiohead.  The Bends and OK Computer are 2 of the best albums ever, so I was expecting something decent here.  Kid A is nothing more than experimental garbage with hardly any structure or melody.  Yorke only really sings on 5 or 6 of the songs.  The rest are either boring instrumentals or feature voice clips or distorted talking and singing.  I guess I will go song by song:<br />Everything In It's Right Place - Keyboard noises with a voice loop played over and over.  No singing here.<br />Kid A - See above.  This is mostly instrumental.<br />The National Anthem - This one starts off with a really great bass line, but then is ruined about half way thru with a bunch of monotonous horns and vocal ranting.  The horns aren't playing any melody, they are just blaring monotonously.<br />How To Disappear Completely - Finally, an actual song.  This is a slower one.  Decent, but not close to anything from the past.<br />Treefingers - A horrible instrumental, nothing but eerie keyboard sounds.  This one belongs in a horror movie soundtrack.  The worst thing ever put on cd by Radiohead.<br />Optimistic - This one is a really good mid-tempo song with ACTUAL singing and regular instruments.  Best song on the album.<br />In Limbo - Another slow one.  Sounds like many other Radiohead slow songs, with vocal effects.<br />Idioteque - This is all electronica, but I rather like this one.  Yorke sings once again.<br />Morning Bell - A slower one, but with good vocals.<br />Motion Picture Soundtrack - Typical slow Radiohead track.  Nothing special.<br />Save your money on this one, or if you really want it, pick it up on ....  That's where mine is going.  Radiohead had a chance to follow OK Computer with something really special, but they blew it big time.
B00004X01U|5.0|This is probably the best Madonna album ever made and picking up where &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; left off. &quot;Music&quot; is a cavelcade of musical  journeys, dance sounds, and electronica pop that only Madonna could do on this new set. It has a lighter, bouncy introspecting sound than &quot;Ray Of Light,&quot; which was more of a little somber and spiritual sound. But then again the &quot;Ray&quot; set became a critically acclaimed success story and touched just about everybody who bought it. The first single title cut is a very infectious song when Madonna sings &quot;Hey Mr. DJ/put a record on/I wanna dance with my baby.&quot; She teamed up with a French DJ producer named Mirwias Admadzai on this and a majority of the songs, while her &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; producer William Orbit is there for two songs &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; and &quot;Amazing.&quot; The former is destined to be a future single because it's very fast and the beats are incredible. The latter song has more of a retro-vibe that almost sounds like her Austin Powers track &quot;Beautiful Stranger,&quot; yet it's an amazing song. &quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot; is a haunting ballad that Madonna whipers the verses in English and in French, which would make Celine Dion cringe if she sang a song like that. &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; has her singing like a robot with the use of the vocoder like Cher did with &quot;Believe.&quot; Although this album sets it apart from her other releases, Madonna has made an album that the music definitely comes first and will see the light of day.
B00004XONN|4.0|I'm sitting here in my office.  I have officially listened to the album 4 times in a row (dont tell my boss).  And here's my vote:  its awesome.  But try not to go into it expecting a follow up to Ok Computer - because they're totally different.  That would be like expecting Dark Side of the Moon part II  - just will never happen.  (kind of like a godfather sequal as good as 1 or 2).  If you're willing to hear something new and you're a radiohead fan, buy the album. If not, go buy the spice girls
B00000K0EA|5.0|Pierce Brosnan in his second film as James Bond delivers above and beyond anything I could have imagined after his appearance in \\"GoldenEye.\\" In two years he has gained maturity and a physical presence that consummates his overall performance of Bond when combined with his intelligence, wit and charm that he delivers flawlessly with assured confidence.<br />This film brings a realistic and gritty look to the series that \\"Licence To Kill\\" attempted to, but failed. This is one of the best films of the series and ranks next to \\"Goldfinger\\" and \\"On Her Majesty's Secret Service\\" combing an integral plot with rich characters, action and suspense. Director Donald Spottiswoode never diverted the focus of the film away from the main plot, yet he gave a sense of real depth to the characters. He has a good understanding of how to deliver action with emotional impact. He did a brilliant job and has been highly underrated for his efforts. Also, the producers finally discovered a composer that could combine the traditional and highly personalized sound of John Barry with today's trends in scoring for this genre in the talented David Arnold. Arnold much evidently has a good understanding of the series and the character of James Bond. I hope the producers don't let him get away.
B00004XQP4|5.0|With the release of their fourth major label album &quot;Warning&quot; Green Day shows once again that they aren't your average &quot;punk-rock&quot; band. Gone are the three power chord angst filled songs, but the catchy harmonies that made &quot;Dookie&quot; a commercial success are back. However, this is &quot;Warning&quot; and not &quot;Dookie.&quot; The title track in itself asks &quot;Is the cop or am I the one that's really dangerous?&quot; That's pure Green Day...defiance, questioning everything and so on. &quot;Blood, Sex, And Booze&quot; is a good track that has a catchy beat and you just can't help but to tap your toes to. &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; explores the new direction of Green Day, asking the question &quot;If I promise to go to church on Sunday, will you go with me on Friday night? If you live with me I'll die for you and this compromise.&quot; &quot;Fashion Victim&quot; explores the pop culture of brand name clothes, asking &quot;what's in the name?&quot; &quot;Castaway&quot; is one of the best tracks on the album, telling the story of a loner trying to find his way. Then, the album gets incredible..&quot;Misery&quot; is a Russian-Spanish style song with acordians used very nicely, and with Bille Joe's vocals telling different stories of troubled people. &quot;Deadbeat Holiday&quot; is a decent song, with a message that attacks all losers who do nothing about themselves. &quot;Hold On&quot; is a song written by BJ for a friend who had three loved ones die in the same year. He says &quot;When there's nothing left to hold on to, you gotta hold on to yourself.&quot; &quot;Jackass&quot; is a song about just that...idiots. The main line says &quot;Everybody loves a joke, but no one likes a fool.&quot; How true. &quot;Waiting&quot; is another of the breakthrough, non angst songs that inspires hope in the listener. &quot;I've been waiting a lifetime for this moment to come, I'm destined for anything at all.&quot; If you're reading this, then odds areyou've already heard &quot;Minority&quot; the song that wants to be the underprivilaged and have their attitudes toward authority (for the most part). And finally, perhaps the greatest song on the album, &quot;Macy Day Parade&quot; is a wonderful ballad, similar to &quot;Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)&quot; but in a whole other direction. This beautiful song conveys the message that &quot;I'm thinking about a brand new hope, the one I've never known, 'cause now I know it's all that I've wanted.&quot; Overall, this album is a pure gem, although it will be marred by critics because it isn't &quot;Dookie&quot; and the standards have been set so high. But who cares? They are happy, and the album is wonderful. I recommend this to the die-hard Green Day fan, and to those who have never liked them as well. The guys should be proud of this effort!
B00003CWOL|3.0|Kevin Smith had the right idea for this flick, but the execution was off. Case and point: Linda Florentino. She's what keeps me from being able to watch the movie again and again -- with every eye-roll she executes in order to look sarcastic I wish for her to get hit by a bus more and more.<br />Jay and Silent Bob feel old and tired, it's time for some new characters.<br />Jason Lee and the Damon-Affleck duo are what makes the movie buyable. Especially Lee. He's a badass.
0380788624|3.0|The twists and turns in this book kept me coming back for more.  Stephenson's mixture of historical and fictional characters left me wondering who was real and who wasn't.  The details he left unexplored I think were by design and left to our own imagination.  <br />I was very intrigued by the relationships between the WWII characters and the present day characters with out any awareness of that by the latter.  Particularly interesting is the relationship between the Waterhouse family and the Shaftoe family.  Also amusing is the minor presence of G.E.B. Kivistik, the son of Julieta, and any of three men one of which was Bobby Shaftoe and his interaction early on with Randy Waterhouse in a heated debate.  That Randy's ex-girlfriend Charlene ends up with this guy is subtle hilarity.<br />Now the &quot;but...&quot; There was no need for a writer of this caliber to use so much profanity in his writing.  He could have conveyed everything he needed to say without constant cussing and sexual references.  If it weren't for that, this would probably have been my favorite novel of all time.
B00004XQP4|5.0|warning has alot of feeling to it. i think this cd was well worth the wait. waiting is the best song on this cd. they are maturing and getting to be a better band.
B00004XONN|5.0|Next to &quot;98 degrees,&quot; I would have to say this album is the quintessential sonic experience...<br />Complex, intelligent, intense and very self-aware.
B00004XONN|5.0|With Kid A, Radiohead is taking the concepts forwarded (and intriguingly manipulated) on OK Computer to new and unexpected extremes.  The only manner in which one can discuss this album is in the vague, since it doesn't defy our expectations, but absolutely confound them.  Too much of the album, save the constant wonderful use of Magical Text OLE voices for harmonic parts, cannot foreshadowed by listening to Radiohead's previous work, or the work of other artists in general, to make such easy comparisons and judgments, but I'll try...  Closest comparison I can come up with is 70's Brian Eno ambient music, and that's both stretching it and saying quite a lot.  In an age in which most &quot;artists&quot; are content to hash out product and consider the slowing of tempos a hallmark of artistic maturity, it is encouraging - even life-affrirming (heh, heh) - to encounter a band that constantly displays such incredible ambition.  Those that are going to dismiss it (and they will) as &quot;precious&quot; or &quot;pretentious&quot; are all the more reason why music like this and bands like Radiohead are necessary, to remind us of a time when artistic reach and some degree of commercial (?critical?) success weren't mutually exclusive.  A lovely, haunting album.
B000002C1W|4.0|Let's get one thing straight this is NOT the worse Pink Floyd (anything that ever has that name on it would never be considered bad).  I also think it is severely underated. This album IMHO helped the floyd evolve into a new era. I think it helped the band reach a much wider audience since the songs have become more radio friendly (GASP!!!). The varied ideas covered on the record really help the band branch and touch different musical ideas and concepts.  But yet they still maintain a dark, haunting and smooth sound making it undeniably floyd.  Gilmour is so underated. He had just as much, if not the most, musical input, for early pink floyd than any member of the band.  Lyrically, he doesn't come across as strong as Waters since he doesn't take such a subjective view, but I think he's still good. I think Waters was absolutey brilliant and is dearly missed. Earlier gems, dark side, wywh, animals will always remain timeless. But this album marks a mature change for Floyd, and I think for the better.
B00004X01U|5.0|I am not a Madonna fanatic, so I honestly judge her albums fair and square. Well.....she definately scores with MUSIC. This CD is accessable to all her old fans that like her pop/club music of yore, while at the same time, offers a huge &quot;buffet&quot; of newer, complicated, techno music. This CD burps, beeps, whooshes, whistles, moans, groans, thumps and jumps like no other Madonna CD before it. I really like her two techno-folkie numbers, Don't Tell Me and Gone. Of course we all know Music, the single, is the greatest dance song in a loooonnng time. It packs the dance floors in every club I've been in. A lot of critics are complaining about her vocoder vocal on Nobody's Perfect, but I think this is gonna be a BIG hit for her. Paradise, is a moody, but elegant song that gets under the skin. Truly, this is one of those RARE CDs that gets better with each listen. You really hear something new every time, regardless of repeated playings. I listened to it an hour ago, again, and I had to smile....Madonna's talent is shining like a 10,000 watt light-bulb, she is getting better by the decade. U Go Girl !!
B00003CXE7|1.0|this comes from an action fan, and this aint no action film i was expecting something to keep me excited and on the edge of my seat. no way. there are like 4 fighting scences, and admitedlly these are very good but that does not lift the whole film, the dialogue in between these fight scences is laughable, i went to sleep 4 times in the cinema.  now some people might like borin &quot;chat&quot; but i dont if a film is goin be based on the talking it should at least be well written like shawshank redemtion but this is borin i repeat borin borin borin. i know a lot of people will disagree with this but then maybe they werent expecting an action fest like it billed. so if u like boring chatter (a lot of) and a fighting (not much of) then buy this but i personally would not buy it. the end of my rant :)
B00004U8P9|5.0|I just got done watching the UK version on the DVD I just picked up today and all I can say is...INCREDIBLE!  As a fan of this movie there was no doubt that i would buy this today, but i had no idea how nice the transfer would be.  The picture is beautiful and sound is excellent.  Seeing this cult classic on DVD is a dream come true.  There is also a US version with a deleted scene added right into the feature.  There are tons of extras including the different subtitles.  There is reg. english, spanish and 3 &quot;others&quot; versions.  Version 1, subtitle 3 on the DVD, cues you to the things to do during the movie, such as snapping rubber gloves, tthrowing the toilet paper, etc.  Version 2, subtitle 4, shows lips at certain points in the movie that, when you press the enter button, you get greeted by Sal Piro, the RHPS fan club president.  He shows clips of audience reations and fans acting out the current scene in a theater.  Cool!  Version 3, subtitle 5, to this point hasn't done anything, but i am sure it does.  All of this plus more is just on the first disc!   Disc 2 contains excerpts and outtakes from the VH-1 special, including interviews with some cast members.  There is also a VH-1 pop up video of &quot;hot patootie!', a double feature video show, trailers, etc.  If you are a fan of the movie, pick this up!   Even if they had none of the features, the transfer is WONDERFUL!  There was only one scene, Janet and Rocky meeting alone, that was not up to par with the rest of the film.  It only got poor for a little bit and its not that bad.  This is a must have for fans and a beautiful version for those first time &quot;virgins&quot;!   Enjoy!
0930289455|5.0|I haven't re-read this in ages, but of all the thousands of comics I've read, this one stands above just about all of the rest.  Alan Moore reinvents the Joker as a figure of both tragedy and farce, and creates the most chilling rendition of a chilling villain.  If you have even a passing interest in Batman or the Joker, you can read this and not be too lost.  Just don't share this one with your kids.  This is the comic which forever opened the door to telling mainstream super-hero stories in a an adult fashion, and may have removed Batman from the world of the child in the process.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This has to be one of the best anime movies I have ever seen!  The music is wonderful and realy helps bring the movie to life, the animation is at least twice as wonderful as the music.  A definite buy for you anime fans out there, and even if your not you should still buy this movie
B00004W56S|5.0|This album is a &quot;must have&quot; for any Genesis fan.  Mike Rutherford's first solo album could have easily been a Genesis album.  I was totally blown away by it from the first listen.  With Anthony Phillips on Keyboards, the album has a definite groove.  What happened Mike!!  &quot;Acting Very Strange&quot; is nothing like this album.  Along with Steve Hackett's &quot;Voyage of the Acolyte&quot; and Tony Banks &quot;A Curious Feeling&quot;, this album belongs in any Genesis fan's collection.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day has done it again, with Warning they have proved that they only get better on album.  The best way to descibe the sound of Warning is a slightly more distorted Beatles album.  The most Beatlesque sounding songs are &quot;Warning,&quot; &quot;Hold On,&quot; and &quot;Waiting.&quot;  Warning reminds me of the Beatles because of the diversity of different songs.  There's the ever poppy &quot;Minority&quot; to (the Alabama Whisky Song-eque) &quot;Misery&quot; to the great accoustic song &quot;Macy's Day Parade.&quot;  Green Day have gone on to adding a few more instruments on this album such as the mandolin, farfisa, and accordian.  Billie as brings back the harmonica for Warning.  Despite there are no songs quiet as fast as Insomniac's &quot;Jaded,&quot; I assure you this album is a classic.  Green Day never dubbed themselves the most punk, it's great that the boys of Green Day are expanding their horizons and moving to trying other types of rock, which only proves the talent that lies within Billie Joe, Mike Dirnt, and Tre Cool.  Way to go guys.
B00000JPHF|5.0|I was incredibly dubious when I decided to watch this movie.  I had heard rumors of cheesy acting, stupid looking monster and such.  Boy, were they wrong.  This movie blew me away.<br />Colin Clive is terrific.  He paints a terrifying picture of his character.  Frankenstein understands too late what it means to be like God.  God has quite the job description and no mere mortal can hold it together for long.  When is a creation not a creation any more?  When it lives.  Now it would be murder to kill it (him).  That is only one of the many moral issues brought up in this movie. ....<br />This really doesn't resemble Shelley's work at all but that's OK since the movie is so good.  It was especially ground breaking in it's day and is still amazing.  Dark and frightening describe this movie.<br />The sidekick (Fritz, not Igor!) is also well portrayed.  And of course no one can forget Karloff's performance.  The best moment in the whole movie would have to be when Frankenstein and his creation lock eyes through the spinning wheel in the windmill.  Powerful moment.  In short watch it.
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead always keeps the fans guessing. With Kid A, Thom and the boys show us that they still have plenty of originality up their sleeves. Be warned though, if you're expecting a follow up to OK Computer you may be disappointed. Kid A is more like a follow up to a never-made-follow-up to OK Computer. It's an album that may be a few years ahead of its time for many fans. Of course, all in all it is an excellent buy. But if you were expecting an album of singles and verse-chorus-verse tracks with some experimentation and alot of feeling, you may want to wait for U2's All That You Can't Leave Behind lp. Until that is released though, I definitely urge any fans of Radiohead and/or Brian Eno-esque sounds to give Kid A a listen.
B00004XONN|5.0|What is there left to say.  In my opinion the is the best album I have ever heard, period.  Everything about this album is perfrct.  It is the soundtrack to my life.
B000002I2I|3.0|Morrison was not married at the time of this album, nor was he ever wedded.<br />Pretty good songs, though some are a bit simple and not that innovative. The melody on &quot;Indian Summer&quot; is very nice, proving that Morrison could have made an excellent crooner after the Doors had he not indulged so much in drink and drugs.
B00004XONN|5.0|Over in the UK, this fourth album by the Oxford-based Radiohead has got the critics foxed.  Their previous two albums regularly appear in the Top Ten of the all-time Top 1000 records, alongside the  Beatles' 'Revolver' and 'White Album'.  This album has been one of the most anticipated of the year, and it's clear that the band have reinvented themselves.  Their three guitarists were at the forefront of their second album, 'The Bends'.  'OK Computer' indicated the direction, and now along comes 'Kid A'.  Frankly I wouldn't have been too surprised if someone had told me the album was by Eno.  Or Can.<br />The sentiment of the album shares much with the depressed wailings of Peter Hammill on classic Van Der Graaf Generator.  The attitude of the band recalls Talk Talk, when they made the astounding switch from 80s pop to serious progressive with 'Spirit of Eden' and the wonderful 'Laughing Stock'.<br />Beware -- there are no catchy tunes on this record.  This is serious, progressive music.  The corridors of university halls will be echoing with 'Kid A', as 2nd Year students try to work out what it all means.<br />Meanwhile the press doesn't want to knock it too much, in case it's the next 'Trout Mask Replica'.  It's certainly a difficult album, and for me that's a wonderful challenge.
B00001QGPS|5.0|I really enjoyed this CD because it shows the true talent of Methodman and Redman.  The way they rap together is amazing and the songs on this CD are really awesome. The best song is &quot;Da Rockweilder.&quot; I love listening to this CD on some killer speakers and just listening to the bass pump.  I recommend you get this CD. Wu-Tang is the bomb!!!!!!
0140177396|5.0|i am in 9th grade. i had to read this book for my honors english class.  i found the characters to be amazingly deep and interesting.  who can not like lennie and his child-like antics. i would recommend this book to anybody.
B00004XONN|5.0|WOW!  That's all I can say after listening to Kid A for the first time.  I honestly thought after The Bends and Ok Computer, not to mention all the hype over the album, Radiohead would disappoint.  Surprisingly, the band delivers with their best to date.  Envisioning a future where humans are bred like plants, Radiohead takes you on a spiritual journey only to discover even the most &quot;full-proof&quot; plans can be screwed up.  Starting with &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; and the title track, electronic music replaces the sounds of guitars and drums.  In fact, the drums and bass are not present until the third song entitled &quot;The National Anthem.&quot;  Even the songs on the album sounding the closest to conventional rock (&quot;How to Disappear Completely,&quot; &quot;Optimistic&quot;) are distorted enough to separate them from traditional rock songs.  &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack,&quot; which sounds reminiscent of something you would hear if you were entering the gates of heaven, finishes the album in a grand style, leaving you craving for more.  While it takes a few listens to get use the electronic atmosphere found throughout the recording, once you hear Kid A, you will agree it sounds like nothing else.  And you won't be able to wait to experience Kid A again.
B00004XONN|5.0|and it could not have been timed better.  Kid A is perfect in nearly every way, from the surprising electronic flux that is Everything in its Right Place to the overwhelming orchestral achievement of Motion Picture Soundtrack.  Truly an album for the ages.
B000002572|5.0|Boston's first album is like a hits album that started the band off. Unfortunately, they never were able to keep that same success. But, this album contains some great classics of rock music. It's a definite 5-star album.  The heavy rhythm guitar on most songs really brings out that mid-1970's, classic rock sound.  For true classic rock, you can't beat Boston's debut album.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem's old album, &quot;Slim Shady LP&quot;, had an approach that has offended many people. Talking about slitting throats, and wrists. Harch lyrics against gays, his mom, wife, and even dad. Now he comes back with an album that's even more offensive than before. The &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; almost needs a sign that tells more about his lyrics. On this CD, he really focuses on the media and what they have said about him. He even wrote an entire song based on what the media has done to him, which is called &quot;The Way I Am&quot;. Over all, his lyrics are totally unacceptable. But you know what? I think that's why we like him! A lot of us agree to what he's saying (well, the parts where he isn't joking around). He has made history being a white rapper more popular than anyone else in the world! Everyone that likes Eminem seems to agree about the stupid pop music going on. He tells everyone what he thinks about them saying that he hates gays (mainly on &quot;Criminal&quot;). He disses big hits *NSYNC and Britney Spears' music while also dissing Puffy, Christina Aguilera, and our President. No one really even cares about the President anymore, do they? But his best work happens to be &quot;Stan&quot; where he cleverly ties in lyrics to letters being written to him from a fan that is a little psycho. D-12 (Eminem's group), Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and musical singer Dido help with Eminem on his current CD.<BR> I think overall, he's got his CD worked out for. Big bass, the dopest rhymes ever made, and clever ways to not only offend, but get on almost everyone's nerves. This is a must get CD. Most of the songs he's joking about, and he says it all on &quot;Criminal&quot;, so no reason to get mad at the most famous rapper.<BR> Buy his CD and find out for yourself. And look forward to D-12's album coming soon! Eminem is truely the best at what he does.
B00003CXE7|3.0|The plot is original in most respects although it is not for the faint of heart.  I would recommend it to anyone and everyone as the casting was excellent and the scenery was extremely well designed and chosen.  The movie was very well shot.  There are only three things that are still bothering me. The first is when Maximus (Russell Crowe) is being brought to the slave market, I thought that the floating effect that they do goes on a bit too long and does not serve any greater purpose.  The second is at the end they showed the compputer generated view of Ancient Rome. That &quot;shot&quot; has always bothered me.  I felt that it is not needed and is not relavent to the story they told.  The story is of the Gladiator and his perils not about Rome at all, other than the fact that it takes place there.  The third thing is in the the final battle Maximus is wounded before hand and with a woulnd like he had he would have been much less alert than he was. I understand that they want to show his perserverance but it is not realistic at all.  Overall the movie was execellent.
1559402652|3.0|This CD-ROM for the Mac came out in the days before DVD and so pales in comparison with a DVD movie.  The entire movie is here, with commentary, out-takes, still pictures and more.  The biggest drawback is the smallness of the window the movie is shown in--it can't be enlarged, so you're stuck watching a Pocket TV-sized screen.  Overall, this CD-ROM is a good bit of nostalgia, but I'm sure a DVD version would be much much better and do the Beatles more justice.
0425170349|5.0|Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six is a GREAT book.  It portrays a situation where a company executive who is a big time environmentalist decides to solve the problem of people depleating the Earth by creating a disease that would basically wipeout the human race.  However, a vaccine is made for him and his counterparts so they can survive and study nature as they belive it should be.  On the other half of the story a world anti-terrorism group is formed and run out of England.  As the story progresses there is various terrorist incidents that are put down by the anti-terrorism group.  In the end the plot is discovered by the anti-terrorism group and put down.  The characters in this book are easy to &quot;get to know.&quot;  The plot is very well made out and makes for a very interesting story.  One reason that this is such a good book is that the plot is so real that it makes you think &quot;what if it did happen?&quot;.  Overall, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six was a REALLY GOOD book.
B00004XONN|5.0|An album that will take at least 10 full listens to understand. Its the most brilliant thing I have ever heard. It flows more than Ok computer, and is a breath of fresh air to the music market.
B00004Z511|5.0|I have always admired Radiohead for its evolutionary skills. 'Pablo Honey' was their most Brit-poppish album, 'The Bends' rather grungy and Nirvana-ish (in some ways like in the beginning of 'Just') and 'OK Computer' was experimental yet rather commercial, but still one of the best produced albums ever (great job by Nigel Godrich).<br />'Kid A' was not 'produced' by Godrich as the album's booklet reveals, no it was 'directed' by Godrich and that is exactly hitting the nail on its head. 'Kid A' is a project rather than a set of songs. 'Kid A' is a combination of tunes and sounds that were well merged together with fascinating rhythms. A concept-album without really having a concept. Most tunes were 'written' (I'd prefer the word 'conceived') in the studio. Out of nothing a bass-line set the base for lyrics, rhythm and accompanyment. Except for the few exceptions (like 'How To Disappear Completely', that was written years before) the album breathes the ambiance of the recording-sessions in the studio.<br />Don't expect another 'Creep', 'High and Dry', 'Street Spirit', 'Fake Plastic Trees' and don't even expect a 'Paranoid Android' or a 'Subterranean Homesick Alien'.Radiohead could have made it easy for themselves writing another (rather commercial) album, after 1997's 'OK Computer', but they are the kind of band that can afford to experiment. 'Kid A' is new and refreshing in so many ways: unbeatable rhythms, revealing lyrics and songlines and lots of mystery. Each track (except maybe for 'Treefingers' that I find unnecessarily disappointing) has several layers that only show after several listenings. <br />The opening-track 'Eveything In Its Rights Place' sets the pace and atmosphere for the entire album and the breath-takingly sung 'How To Disappear Completely' with its rather simple lyrics takes you without breaking you, backed up by an orchestra. The rocky 'Optimistic' with its striking guitar-rhythm (one of the few songs on 'Kid A' that prefers guitars over keyboards) and drums is one of the most accesible songs on the album and, directly followed by the chord-skipping track 'In Limbo'. One of the other highlights of the album is 'Idiotheque' with its 80's discobeat and stunning lyrics. The album is amazingly closed (if we don't take the hidden short track 'Gen Children' into consideration) by a non-electronis tune that uses a cracky harmonium and goes with the title 'Motion Picture Soundtrack'. <br />Yes, Radiohead could have taken over the world, a path that was already provided by 'OK Computer', but instead they choosed experimentation and depth above single-release and the MTV-culture. And as John Lennon once sang: 'take off your mind ,relax and float down-stream' and with a 'Kid B' comming up next spring I can only anticipate in awe.
B00004XONN|4.0|This album is simply amazing!  Lush with layers of organs, synths, and tons of unusual sounds, this album far surpases OK Computer in experamentation.  Definitely not their best melody wise, but the cd makes up for that with its bare emotion from singer Thom Yorke.<br />The only thing keeping it from five stars was the lack of melody.  However some may not see this as a weakness at all.  It can be used as a strength
0679720200|4.0|The Stranger was the first novel of Camus' labeled &quot;absurd,&quot; and it defines Camus for most Americans.  The plot is quite simple, with none of the diversions common in popular literature.  The main character is not a hero, has no &quot;true&quot; love affair and the pursuit of money and power never enters the story.  The Stranger is an honest atheist, waiting for life to happen.<br />The title l'Etranger, has been poorly translated.  The U.S. title, The Stranger, implies that the main character, Meursault, has been viewed as a &quot;strange&quot; or &quot;odd&quot; person for some time.  The other possible meaning is that no one knows him.  Meursault is a stranger even to those who think they know him.  These definitions do not seem adequate.  The U.K. title, The Outsider, only serves to confuse readers even more.<br />Meursault is the archetype of a middle-class man.  He works as a clerk, rents an apartment and draws no attention to himself.  He is, if anything, very ordinary.  Meusault might even be boring.  He lacks deep convictions and passion.  If he is estranged from any aspect of French society, it is religion--he does not believe in the symbols and the rituals of faith.<br />Estranged?  &quot;Cela m'est gal.&quot;<br />Along with the title, Camus took care in naming the main character.  Meursault's name is symbolic of the Mediteranean sea.  Mer mean &quot;sea&quot; and soliel is French for &quot;sun.&quot;  The sea and the sun meet at the beach, where Meursault's defining actions occur.<br />Meusault is an anti-hero.  His only redeeming quality is his honesty, no matter how absurd.  In existential terms, he is &quot;authentic&quot; to himself.  Meusault does not believe in God, but he cannot lie because he is true to himself.  This inability to falsify empathy ultimately condemns him.  Meursault has faith only in what he, himself, can see or experience with his other senses.  He is not a philosopher, a theologian or a deep thinker.  Meursault exists as he is, not trying to be anything more or less than himself.<br />Why did Camus' readers recognize Meursault as a plausible character?  After two World Wars and much suffering, many people came to live life much as Meursault does.  Or at least they tried to do so.  These people lost the will to do more than exist.  There was no hope and no desire.  The only goal for many people was simple survival.  Even then, the survival seemed empty and hollow.  We learn how empty Meursault's existence is through his relationships.  He is not close to his mother; we learn he does not cry at her funeral.  He does not seem close to his lover, Marie Cardona.  Of her, Meursault states, &quot;To me, she was only Marie.&quot;  There is no passion is Meursault's words or in his life.<br />What sets Camus apart from many existentialists and modern philosophers in general is his acceptance of contradiction.  Yes, Camus wrote, life is absurd and death renders life meaningless--for the individual.  But mankind and its societies are larger than any one individual person.
B00004XONN|4.0|This album is simply amazing!  Lush with layers of organs, synths, and tons of unusual sounds, this album far surpases OK Computer in experamentation.  Definitely not their best melody wise, but the cd makes up for that with its bare emotion from singer Thom Yorke.<br />The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is it's lack of melody.  However some may see this as a strength rather than a weakness.
B000002C4J|3.0|This album is the same album we've been getting from this gifted singer for years.You have the re-make,&quot;When I need you,&quot; and Celine must out sing Leo Sayers and prove to everyone that she is the greatest singer in the World,&quot;with Key changes all over this Leo Sayers hit. Then you have the Duet with the greatest singer ever,untill Celine,Barbra Streisand,with the worst song I've ever heard in my life,&quot;Tell Him.Why would these two powerhouse heavy weights sing  a song writen by Elvis's X girlfriend,Linda Thompson?Then you have the song trying to show  the world how great Celine can sing rock and roll  on the cut,&quot;Treat her like a lady.&quot; Celine even wrote this number.I had to give this album three stars because of the masterpiece,&quot;My Heart will go one,&quot; and my second favorite,&quot;Immortality,&quot; by the Bee Gees.Celine should have done a entire album with the brothers.&quot;The Reason,&quot; the first song on the tape,by the great Carole King,is a wonderfull number also.I also love the Corey Hart songs,&quot;Where is the love,&quot; and &quot;Miles to go.&quot; I wish Corey would come out with an album of his  own again.The bottom line is,Celine is one of the greatest singers in the World.She's a wonderfull person,but when I got &quot;Let's talk about love,&quot; for a Christmas present and played the record,I started to believe there was no Santa Clause.
0452281881|4.0|This is the first novel to be composed entirely of e mail.  Does it live up to the ideals of the novel of letters?  Is it another Liaisons Dangereuses?  Well, yes and no.  The whole point of the billet doux in the Gothic novel of letters was that they were meant to be secret.  E features a CEO who manages to send all his e correspondence to his opposite number in Finland, the ever chirpy Pertti van Helden.  Passions do run high however, especially since the CEO of Miller Shanks UK thinks he's Stalin and the Creative Director of this Ad Agency thinks he's a rocket scientist.  Hurled into this frenzy is the competition to win the next contract from the makers of the biggest soft drink in all the world.  Add a pair of lost knickers, and the nerd in the accounts department, and you have got E.<br />  This novel has a great deal of authenticity about it.  And so it should, since the author's blurb claims that he's been fired by some of London's leading Ad agencies.  However, it's so authentic, that it's almost as if you're reading your own e mails at work, with all the boring ones edited out.  There is a quite discernible narrative flow, as you follow the lives of the various Miller Shanks e mail correspondents.  This sense of eavesdropping is quite addictive, almost as intrusive as the Big Brother house, and you can be sure that it's the kind of place where there'll always be a Sony minicam in the office to capture you at your most embarrassing moments.  In the end though, it seems as though Beaumont's following quite a traditional narrative form in terms of the endless battle between good and incompetence dressed up as evil.  Although, there is a hint that the pigs do start the resemble the farmers, as they did in Orwell's 'Animal Farm'.  The tone of this novel, however, is mostly that of sardonic wit.  Beaumont is an excellent comic writer, and it's this, more than anything, which keeps you reading.  I just loved how all the characters unwittingly revealed their true nature in prose (I reckon Liam could be Beaumont's alter ego).  There are excellent characters, like Pinki Fallon and the irrepressible Nigel Godley, but I think Simon Horne just takes the biscuit.  He's certainly taking something.  All in all, this is a very enjoyable and witty debut.  Matt Beaumont has successfully marketed himself.  But what for the next campaign?  E2?e nature in prose (I reckon Liam could be Beaumont's alter ego).  There are excellent characters, like Pinki Fallon and the irrepressible Nigel Godley, but I think Simon Horne just takes the biscuit.  He's certainly taking something.  All in all, this is a very enjoyable and witty debut.  Matt Beaumont has successfully marketed himself.  But what for the next campaign?  E2?
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is by far the most &quot;complete&quot; movie I have ever seen. From cinematography to writing to acting...absolutly superb! The thing that I loved about this movie is that it had an effect on everyone who saw it. Whether it was a good or bad effect was each viewers desicion...but it did leave an effect. So many movies just play things at face value and do not reach into your soul and tell you something about yourself. This movie did this with beauty and ease. Even if you hated this movie...deep down there is something in this movie that made you question how you are living your life. And it's okay for you to let a movie do that to you...please do! If you hated this movie, I plead with you to watch it again. I have seen it 8 times in the theatre's. My thoughts on the movie change with each viewing. I still love it...but for different reasons each time. If all else, see this movie to witness one of the greatest Acting ensembles ever assembled in a movie. Headed by the man himself, Kevin Spacey, this cast takes you on this bumpy emotional rollercoaster ride. If you have already seen the movie...see it again...and this time:<br />Look Closer!
079074449X|3.0|It's not that I didn't enjoy Brigadoon, it's just that I was very familiar with the play before I saw the movie. The whole time I kept waiting for some of my favorite songs (listen to a recording of &quot;Come to Me, Bend to Me.&quot; It's incredible.) But, alas, most of the songs never came. The others that were cut were &quot;The Love of My Life,&quot; &quot;Jeannie's Packin'Up,&quot; &quot;The Sword Dance and Reel,&quot; the last half of &quot;The Chase,&quot; &quot;There But for You Go I,&quot; &quot;My Mother's Wedding Day,&quot; Harry Beaton's funeral scene, and &quot;From This Day On.&quot; So you can see how much was missing and how dissapointed I was. I was for the most part pleased with the faithful rendition of the script and what songs they actually did put in, but what was up with the two leads and the part where Tommy leaves Brigadoon? In the play this was extremely emotional. In the movie, Gene Kelly is walking away with a dopey smile on his face. If you want to actually enjoy the movie, see it before the play. That way you won't be constantly comparing the two, which are unfortunately musically different.
B00004U3UG|4.0|I have owned a VHS copy of Army of Darkness (theatrical release) and though I enjoyed it, I always thought that it became a little unfocused and started to drag a bit about midway through.  I recently bought the VHS director's cut.  The story line holds together much better.<br />It's true that there are a couple of negatives in the director's cut.  Some of the restored footage is a bit grainy, the S-Mart ending is not included, some of the picture frame has been cropped out, and one of Ash's great lines has been substituted-- none-the-less-- The director's cut is at least the equal of the theatrical release.  The windmill scene is much longer and has a more natural flow.  The battle scene has a much more natural flow.  Following the director's cut, with all its substantial changes, are 4 deleted scenes.  The ending that replaces the S-Mart ending might not be as funny but it certainly is worth seeing.  <br />A great video and a great complement to the theatrical release.
0440219078|4.0|I really admire Lois Lowry's writing style in this novel.  She does an excellent job giving the reader a full and detailed picture of Jonas' life in the community, and the restrictions that they placed on the citizens.  This is an example of the ultimate controlled environment in which no infraction or unpredictable element is tolerated.  This book has a lot of potential, but I think it falls far short in the plot.  Much of the story seemed to be collections of situations in the life of Jonas, and only at the end did he actually execute a plan to give the memories back to the people.  Even this was not thoroughly explored.  I enjoyed reading this book, but I think it could have been a lot longer and more intriguing.
B00004XONN|4.0|I've already heard this CD 4 times straight through and it is really addictive. Funky, dense, lush, slightly left of center; this is not a rehash of Radiohead's earlier work but more an evolution of the themes expressed brilliantly on OK Computer.<br />Kid A (the title refers to the first human clone) is not a record that immediately gives up it's charms, but one that must be listened to and cherished like the classic album it is destined to be. Just listen to the wild, horn filled &quot;National<br />Anthem&quot;, the opener &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; and &quot;Optimistic&quot; and be swept up in it's glorious musical visions. I already have and can't wait to hear it again.
B00004XONN|4.0|This album is definitley a step in a different direction, to most people expecting &quot;OK Computer&quot; like sounds will be disappointed. I for one like this new direction, as well as 'OK Computer',  but I also like D&amp;B and electronica as well. to the die-hard Radiohead fans who remember 'Creep' will might want to listen to this before buying it. But on the same token, they may buy it anyway because they simply like Radiohead. Point is, it's a different sound.
0446677450|5.0|This is the best book I've ever read on investing, and all without being given even one stock tip.  The message is to invest in yourself--change your outdated ideas about money and investing, provide yourself constant educational opportunities, and stop making excuses for being broke!!  Mr. Kiyosaki has a conversational style that Ms. Lechter captured, which makes the book an easy read.  The messages are simple; most of us know them already, but we need to be reminded.  What a new way to look at investing in my future!
B00004U8P9|5.0|When I was in high school we used to pile into the car every Saturday night and head out to the midnight showing of Rocky Horror Picture Show. It was great fun - you sang along to the songs, yelled out key phrases, and in general had a blast without booze or drugs. What more could a parent want?<br />The movie isn't about sex, although there are skimpy outfits and Frank's seduction of the two innocents. You see far worse in a Ricky Martin video! It's really about satiring the sweet musicals of the 60s, the campy sci-fi movies, and just about anything in between.<br />I would have gotten it on DVD just to have it around to sing with, but the outtakes and cast interviews are stellar. The movie itself is a piece of film history, and the additional bonusses on the DVD make this one of the must-have purchases of the year.
B00004XONN|5.0|First off I am a huge Radiohead fan.  I have been waiting for this album for three years.  Now that i have it I'm pleasantly surprised.  I really wanted the album to take off, and do it fast.  It really doesn't do that, it stays low key, and is magnificent all the same.  &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; is a strong track as is the head-nodding &quot;The National Anthem.&quot;  &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; is a beautiful song.  I have a real problem with the lyric-less &quot;Treefingers,&quot; it is monotone and doesn't go anywhere, the album is only 10 tracks long and this one is a waste. Electric guitars enter the picture with great tracks &quot;Optimistic&quot; and &quot;In Limbo&quot;  &quot;Idioteque&quot; is, at first, a seemingly incoherent sample and drum beat, but Yorke's voice kicks in and it makes sense, great, great song.  The mellow tracks &quot;Morning Bell&quot; and &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; conclude the album.  The album is certainly unique just like Ok computer, but in a different way. In ditching convetional rock band intruments, in favor of sampling, Radiohead succeeds, were others have failed, in pulling off a great album.  I just wish that it was longer!!
B00004RFCM|5.0|I don't normally watch a lot of TV, but I came across Sex and the City one night, and I was completely hooked. This is BRILLIANT writing and acting, and the number of awards the four women have won proves that this is being appreciated by the public and critics.<br />I can just imagine me and my friends sitting around a table having some of the conversations from the show - the way the women go back and forth, their reactions to situations, you name it. I am either nodding in agreement of doubled over laughing, but they are always right on target. I even commented to my boyfriend one night that maybe he shouldn't be watching this, because it was giving away every inner thought that women have during relationships.<br />They cover single relationships, the pain of breakups, the concerns of married couples, no topic is taboo, and it's all discussed in the open and easy manner that girlfriends who have known each other for years slip into. In fact, I am hoping to get my girlfriends over to watch the DVD with me - I know they'll understand it completely.<br />If you haven't seen this series, buy it! There's real content here, a full course which gives you thoughts to mull over and savor for months afterwards.
6305892806|5.0|I truly enjoyed this movie. And I dare say I preferred it to the A&amp;E version of Pride and Prejudice. I'm sorry but the lighting, direction, casting, and wardrobe in P &amp; R left much to be desired. P &amp; R was drab, with simple, plan camera shots, costumes, and actors. Mansfield Park was a breath of fresh air. The lighting in the film was illuminating, the director and cinematographer created beautiful creative shots that engrossed me even more into the film, especially at during the ball dance sequence. The costumes were fitting for the time and nicely done. And last, but not least the actors were good, they acted the part and were attractive. It was a very well put together film. This film is what I expected to see of an adaptation of a Jane Austen novel in this modern day and time. Bravo for Mansfield Park. I wish all her novels could be presented in such a way.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul was a turning point in the development of the Beatles, and sixties music generally.  Faced with stiff competition from the likes of Dylan, the Beatles knew they had to abandon their earlier pure girly pop, and start to make music with more depth and substance to it.  Rubber Soul contained the first excursions in that new direction, but still maintained the catchy and memorable nature of their earlier work.<br />What's remarkable about this album is that it sounds like it was written as an album, not just a collection of hits with fillers added to make up space.  There's not one duffer on this album, every song is good and contributes something.  Right from the beginning you can hear a change in their song format - songs were about something other than just love all the time (some of them contained humour, very unusual in pop at that time), and experimentation in musical style abounds.  \\"Drive My Car\\" is a song not about love, but about ambition and materialism; it has the lads singing sound effects (beep beep) and a funny story with a punchline even (\\"I've got a driver, and that's a start.\\").  \\"Norwegian Wood\\" is about revenge (Lennon later said that when he lit the fire, it was the house that was set aflame \\"isn't it good, Norwegian wood\\"), while \\"Run For Your Life\\" is about murderous revenge (Lennon was later sorry about this song, as it really is very misogynistic, but I suppose he made up for it later with \\"Woman\\").  Many of the themes were quite thoughtful - \\"Think For Yourself\\" is self explanatory, while \\"The Word\\" forsees the psychadelia and the summer of love yet to come.  <br />Musically, the Beatles began to try out different things - sitar on \\"Nowegian Wood\\", powerful fuzz bass on \\"Think For Yourself\\", a harpsichord solo on \\"In My Life\\" (and very pleasant it is too)!  \\"Michelle\\" is a fabulous ballad from McCartney with French overtones, while Lennon went for a more German sounding \\"Girl\\", clearly feeling the competition from McCartney's song.But the Beatles' earlier sound isn't missing either - the chiming guitars, the tambourine, the harmonics, can all be heard on songs like \\"You Won't See Me\\", and Harrison's \\"If I needed Someone\\".<br />Overall, this is a great album, full of catchy but interesting songs, the Beatles at the very peak of their songwriting and musical powers.  This album acts as an interface between the early and later periods, and combines the best of both.  If you haven't got Rubber Soul, your collection isn't complete!
6305907145|5.0|I truly enjoyed this movie. And I dare say I preferred it to the A&amp;E version of Pride and Prejudice. I'm sorry but the lighting, direction, casting, and wardrobe in P &amp; R left much to be desired. P &amp; R was drab, with simple, plan camera shots, costumes, and actors. Mansfield Park was a breath of fresh air. The lighting in the film was illuminating, the director and cinematographer created beautiful creative shots that engrossed me even more into the film, especially at during the ball dance sequence. The costumes were fitting for the time and nicely done. And last, but not least the actors were good, they acted the part and were attractive. It was a very well put together film. This film is what I expected to see of an adaptation of a Jane Austen novel in this modern day and time. Bravo for Mansfield Park. I wish all her novels could be presented in such a way.
B00004XQP4|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST CD YOU WILL EVER BUY
0316777722|5.0|...after reading this, Sedaris' latest book. Beyond funny, he is wicked, caustic, subversive and witty.  Somehow, Sedaris manages to avoid that deadly cutesy-ness that wrecks most American humor collections.  His arched detachment and deadpan delivery remind me of the best moments in Dave Eggers' A Heartbreaking Work... Unlike Eggers, and others, who clobber you with emotional pain, poignancy lies below the surface with Sedaris.  He never stoops too low or wrings emotion out of a scene.  Wish I could write like this...awesome books, all of them.
B00000J6AG|3.0|Sometimes Moby sounds lovely, and moving, and the next moment I'm not sure if it's just a refined form of easy listening.  Does the end of bands bother anyone else out there?  What Moby is doing is a kind of aural collage, catchy and clever, but in the end it just doesn't have much soul to me. Isn't music at its best when people are playing instruments with other people, as opposed to one man sitting in a room mixing snippets together?  I wonder if listening to Play will bring anyone back to listen to the Alan Lomax field recordings that Moby sampled from.  Does that matter anymore?  Is that enormous body of recorded music out there just a mass of sounds to pick from now?  I hope people will keep on listening to blues and country and gospel and keep on creating at least some songs by touching fingers to strings and keys, and not  just dials and buttons.  Or am I getting old?  I'm only 43!
0670848352|4.0|An exciting story of a Vietnam pilots emotional recovery. Robert Mason doesn't hold anything back as he tells it the way it is. He takes you on a journey through &quot;Nam&quot;: women problems, job problems, his never-ending drinking, the occasional pot smoking and smuggling, and, of course, all of his traveling. Mason also tells of his struggles trying to raise a family, while staying sane at the same time. This is a great book, however it starts out slow in the first few chapters. But, after a while you will find yourself glued to the pages!
B00004XONN|5.0|Since getting this album I have ceased listing to anything else.  To say that Radiohead has a sound like no one else only begins to describe the depth of this band.  Fans who have come to know Radiohead as the most experimental and adventerous band in pop music today will find that KID A does not disapoint. The intellectual pull of Radioheads privious album is gone, given way to a more emotional and vulnerable sound.  This is not so much music for listening as it is music for thinking and feeling.
B000003CMC|5.0|THE WHOLE ALBUM / CD CAN BE  SUMMED UP WITH THE TWO WORDS SPOKEN AT THE END OF 'BLUE SKY'.......&quot;VERY GOOD&quot;<br />VVVVVVV
B00004XONN|5.0|As I write this review, Radiohead's new album sits perched rather triumphantly atop the Amazon.com bestseller list. Victory for Music. Very rarely do we see a genuinely deserving work receive such commercial success, due to the inordinate amounts of publicity and money thrown at the myriad teen queens and boy bands. Here, finally, is a proper band making proper music that WILL NOT disappear after a 3 week stint in the charts. These songs will be analysed, discussed and cherished as works that reinstil in so many people's hearts that music has not died. There ARE torchbearers such as Radiohead amongst the corporate puppets, writing music for the mainstream, but also for themselves. It's been a long time coming- Kid A's gestation has been endlessly documented on websites and in the press, as the world waited for Radiohead to give that last big push. Now, we hear the screams.<br />I bought Kid A in a record store as soon as it was on the shelf, and smiled to myself as I saw other Radiohead fans doing exactly the same thing. We really are a part of one big group, and this was the moment we were waiting for. We rushed the album home, careful not to bump it or get fingerprints on the gorgeous packaging, and we slid the disc into the stereo and waiting for the first few notes of &quot;Everything in its Right Place.&quot; Oh, my, God. The Panic, the Vomit. This is new. They don't sound like they once did. If you're a fan of the abstract guitar passages on OK Computer then the sound collages here might baffle you at first. True, they've thrown away their guitars, or lef them in their cases and played them via remote control or whatever. <br />The there's the singing. On some tracks, you hear a fly buzzing (Kid A), you hear the equivalent of a freeze dried larynx (The National Anthem) and you hear yellow layers shifting and sliding in and out and above your headspace on (Everything in its Right Place). You hear a faux-dance number called Idioteque, and you realise that Radiohead are outdoing everyone- DJ's, bands- you name it. This is on their terms, and their terms are beneficial for all concerned. Beware 'hating' the album at first. (In Limbo) sounds quite awful, but sooner or later, it will be churning away unexpectedly in your head, and you'll wonder how it ever got in there. How? Thom, Colin, Ed, Phil and Jonny worked their arses off to put it there. They worked their arses of and fought and endured pressures unknown as they attempted to move their sound onwards and upwards, past even OK Computer. By the strength vested in me, I think they've done it.<br />So, it's interesting, but is it brilliant? I'm giving the album 5 stars because I know that it will be with time, and further listens. People say that that's just weird. But it's the case with Radiohead. They make you uncomfortable, as many people are now, but when the music becomes a part of you, as Kid A's will, you'll be transported. Such is the power of this band. But, they are only human. Enjoy this while it lasts.
B00004X01U|1.0|Madonna normal has great business acumen, why was she so desperate that she allowed release of this album?  The heavy instrumentals which often sound more like special effects than music dominate every track.  Her voice is unusually flat and mono-tone.  Lacking her normal range and richness.  In previous albums the instruments and her voice complemented each other to reinforce the lyric's imagery, her they are often in dissonance seemingly conveying different messages.  Be sure you listen to the track samples before buying this one less you be as disapointed as I was.
6305558167|4.0|Boorman's vision remains far superior to all other filmed versions of Arthurian legends to date.  Adventurous, haunting, lyrical, humorous, as well as beautifully shot and engagingly acted, Excalibur is one of those rare cinematic gems for me where every scene is my favorite.  Nicol Williamson's playful yet formidable Merlin doesn't utter a single unquotable line of dialogue.  The audio is top-notch, and the video transfer is commendable although the print is occasionally grainy and some of the black shades are considerably lighter than the letterbox bars.  The director's commentary abounds with charming anecdotes and curious tidbits, such as the little-known fact that the relationship between Williamson and Helen Mirren (Morgana) was adversarial off-screen as well as on.  My only disappointment stems from the inexplicable fact that Excalibur has never been issued in the form of a deluxe special edition of some sort, which could treat the viewer to some of the deleted footage that Boorman alludes to in his commentary, or perhaps the complete screenplay as some special edition discs offer, or cast and crew interviews, or production drawings, or whatever.  This film has long deserved to be recognized among the ranks of the Criterion Collection.  Or maybe I'm just delusional.
B00004XONN|5.0|Most listeners would be hard pressed to identify Kid A as Radiohead. The album is quite experimental and probably won't appeal to the average listener. It's best descibed as a mix of Aphex Twin, Adrian Below, Brian Eno, and Pink Floyd. Songs range from languid and atmospheric to tight and disturbing. Give it a few go arounds before forming an opinion.
038533348X|5.0|my first vonnegut book and, so far, my favorite.  i did not have a sense of who vonnegut was or how he wrote when i picked up this book on a recomendation of a friend.  50 pages into it i really did not know if i was actually reading a novel or just some mad old fart rambling about chemistry and conflict.  it jumps around in the usual post-modern fasion, leaving the reader to wonder where the author could possibly go with all of the seemingly usless information being hurled at us at every turn of the page.  but soon i got a sense. then a grasp. then an almost privledged feeling as i saw the parts of the puzzle take  their place.  this seemingly incoherant babbeling was slowly starting to take shape and what's more, make sense.  i could not put the book down.  it hooked me with confusion and reeled me with its wit.  i recomend this book as a pill for the mundane.  a psychotic break from textbooks.  and as a prime example for understanding the post-modern world in which we now live.
B00004XQP4|3.0|It might be possible(I hope) that &quot;this is only a test&quot; (-lyric from the first song) to see whether or not fans will like this music. I'm a big fan of Green Day and have all their cds minus their imports 'cause their expensive. I went and got the new Green Day album this morning and I'm a little confused. This album is definitely more layed back than previous albums. It seems to be more thought out but I find it to be boring at times. I've gotten into an alarming appreciation for Green Day's music in that I can just plop the cd into the player and not worry about not liking any of the songs because I like all of them. The new cd changed all that. About half the songs off &quot;Warning&quot; are dull and irritating. I read the review for the &quot;warning&quot; album off of Amazon.com and I was upset at how a band can change so much because of a little name calling and a search for some sort of self identity. I don't think they're the clown princes of rock and it was because of those early albums that Green Day has become as well known as they are today. I waited 3 years for this CD people!  I hope that future albums aren't like this. It gets 3 stars 'cause it's Green Day and I liked about half the songs.
B00004XONN|5.0|i have been a fan of radiohead for a few years now.. i admire them. their music is incredible. in my opinion it has been getting better. ~~&gt; this album makes me feel good.
0060926317|5.0|It is a great book and everybody should read it in order to try to keep intouch with the important things of life. We are starting to get so fascinated with the finnancial gains, that we forget what life is really about. When you read about the sweet way how the aborigenes die for example, you have to start thinking about all the &quot;evolution&quot; our medicine brings and keep old people suffering in the hospitals... Just read it, or you will be missing an important message. But read it relaxed and openned.
B00004U30D|5.0|WHEN I WENT TO GO SEE THIS MOVIE, I WAS SKEPTICAL ABOUT WHAT I HAD HEARD ABOUT THIS MOVIE, ESPECIALLY THE PLOT. SO I SAT DOWN AND JUST PREPARED FOR A STRANGE MOVIE, BUT THE SECOND THAT THOMAS NEWMAN'S MUSIC HIT THE SCREEN, I KNEW THAT I WAS IN FOR SOMETHING BIG, SOMETHING WONDERFUL, SOMETHING WITH A PURPOSE. THE MOVIE IS FULL OF LUCIOUS IMAGES OF PURE BEAUTY, TRAGEDY, AND SUBURBIA. THE STORY GOES SLOW AND THEN BUILDS UP TO A GREAT CLIMAX. ITS ALMOST AS THOUGH ITS A BAG FILLING WITH WATER THAT GETS BIGGER AND BIGGER UNTIL THE VERY END, WHEN IT EXPLODES. SPACEY IS PERFECT AS LESTER, PERIOD, NO QUESTION. BENNING IS GREAT TOO, AS WELL AS THE REST OF THE CAST. A RARE TREAT THAT YOU WON'T SOON FORGET. IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MASTERPIECE, FOR GOD'S SAKE WATCH IT, YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW WHAT YOUR MISSING!
B000000OTU|5.0|aerosmith is without a doubt the best group that ever walked the face of the earth!! i am a die-hard aerosmith fan!! steven tyler is THE MAN!! i listen to this cd 24/7!! i have never heard a better cd than this one!! i love every single song and i always will!! theyre my FAVORITE band!! if you want to hear the best music ever...BUY THIS CD!! you'll see what i'm talkin' about!!
0060975768|5.0|Moore has done a great service to those interested in the war in Vietnam as well as those who have not experienced the horror of combat first hand.<br />This book about a relatively large scale U.S. Infantry operation in the Ia Drang Valley is very well written.  The author tells the story of his unit's fight and subsequent movement well.  So well, that it is possible to visualize the battle, the defensive perimiter and keep the individual soldiers -- whose story it is -- straight. Not only is the tale of the battle well told, but the fears and uncertainty faced by cut off troops who could not see their enemy and knew they had to hold their perimiter is brought home to the reader.  This story has plenty of heroics, but also a lot of fear, anger and luck.<br />The story also underscores the problem with U.S. strategy in Vietnam.  Unlike World War II, our troops were not driving across the country to hold land and capture territory.  Many missions, like Moore's, were designed to find and harass a jungle hid enemy, inflict casualties and then retreat to a well protected base.  That type of war without gain must have played heavily on the minds of the soldiers who could not measure their sacrifice in ground gained or villages freed, measurements their fathers and uncles had been able to see in their great war.<br />This is a good book.  Moore's US infantry are very sympathetic (the chopper pilots merrit special mention from the author), doing a hard job and doing it well.  It reads quickly and is captured my attention from the outset.
B00004XONN|5.0|With Radiohead's new album, we are confronted with music that sounds visual.  It reminds me of Kubricks' 2001.  <br />This isn't pop.  But it's supposed to be.  It feels strangely comfortable, and it leaves an aftertaste of too many cigarettes, too much coffee, and not enough alcohol.  It is contemplative, slow, and despite what one might ordinarily describe it, I think it melodic.  <br />There are no liner notes.  Thom Yorke's voice is smoother than ever, but it's also indecipherable.  There are no liner notes because there are no choruses, and maybe no lyrics.  The words seem to accompany the social comments made by the music, they say nothing by themselves.<br />And as with most reviews concerning this album, you will inevitably see this line: &quot;optimistic&quot; is anything but.  <br />The album is anything but.  It is a movement of rock entering outer space with all the impetus of a brooding adventurer. <br />I cannot guarantee that you will like this album, I cannot guarantee that I will like it tomorrow.  I can only guarantee that it will not be forgotten.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead have changed their sound with each progressive album. &quot;The Bends&quot; sounded nothing like &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;. Likewise, &quot;OK Computer&quot; sounded nothing like &quot;The Bends&quot;. So in hindsight, it should surprise no one that Kid A is like nothing Radiohead have ever done before. Kid A is less moody then OK Computer, and feels more fluid. Its an album that is meant to be listened as a whole.<br />The first third of the album is highly experimental. &quot;Everything...&quot; opens as an airy display of keyboards and Thom's amazing voice. The title track is the wierdest thing on the album as Thom's great melody is even more twisted by a vocorder. &quot;The National Anthem&quot; opens with a driving bass line and closes with an insane brass section. The album then drops into a soothing phase with perhaps Radiohead's best song ever, &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;. The instrumental &quot;Treefingers&quot; ends side A, while side B opens with the catchy &quot;Optimistic&quot;. &quot;In Limbo&quot; brings back memories of &quot;Let Down&quot; from &quot;OK Computer&quot;. &quot;Idioteque&quot; is a wonderful mix of dance beats with an awesome melody which contrasts with &quot;Morning Bell&quot; which is organic sounding. The album ends with the fragile &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; with its many harps (the only time on the album that seems forced).<br />Fans expecting more of the same from Radiohead may be disappointed. But listeners willing to give it a chance will find Radiohead's most complete and satisfying work yet.
B00004XQP4|4.0|After years of silence Green Day has returned to the music scene.  All of you who saw them this summer on the Warped Tour know these guys haven't lost a step.  On the new album, Warning, Green Day continues to follow some of the steps first taken on Good Riddence.  They add more acoustic sounds and give the album a more pop-punk feel than ever before.  With songs like Church on Sunday, Billy Joe has shown a new writing style, one with more meaning and substance.  Overall fans of Dookie or Kerplunk may not be thrilled, but this is a great album that will bring many new fans to the wonderful world of Green Day.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead have changed their sound with each progressive album. &quot;The Bends&quot; sounded nothing like &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;. Likewise, &quot;OK Computer&quot; sounded nothing like &quot;The Bends&quot;. So in hindsight, it should surprise no one that Kid A is like nothing Radiohead have ever done before. Kid A is less moody then OK Computer, and feels more fluid. Its an album that is meant to be listened as a whole.<br />The first third of the album is highly experimental. &quot;Everything...&quot; opens as an airy display of keyboards and Thom's amazing voice. The title track is the wierdest thing on the album as Thom's great melody is even more twisted by a vocorder. &quot;The National Anthem&quot; opens with a driving bass line and closes with an insane brass section. The album then drops into a soothing phase with perhaps Radiohead's best song ever, &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;. The instrumental &quot;Treefingers&quot; ends side A, while side B opens with the catchy &quot;Optimistic&quot;. &quot;In Limbo&quot; brings back memories of &quot;Let Down&quot; from &quot;OK Computer&quot;. &quot;Idioteque&quot; is a wonderful mix of dance beats with an awesome melody which contrasts with &quot;Morning Bell&quot; which is organic sounding. The album ends with the fragile &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; with its many harps (the only time on the album that seems forced).<br />Fans expecting more of the same from Radiohead may be disappointed. But listeners willing to give it a chance will find Radiohead's most complete and satisfying work yet.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is absolutely amazing. Its romantic, emotional, unsettling sounds gave me shivers down my spine the first listen. I am inspired and in awe of Radiohead's creativity and originality with this experimental album.  They can bring any sound to life, create a story behind it, and make you FEEL something incredible within yourself. Radiohead really sets themselves apart from the rest; their willingness to experiment with new sounds and making it WORK deserves them much admiration and respect.    I would recommend this album to anyone who's interested in amazing quality music, because God knows that's hard to find nowadays.  Kid A leaves you speechless, breathless, emotional and begging for more... Hurray for RADIOHEAD!
B00004XONN|2.0|Radiohead certainly want to keep the world of music guessing. They've changed their sound with every release, delving ever deeper into the truly unconventional as they re-invent their sound with virtually each new song. But on this newest effort that compelling drive has gone wild and far amiss. &quot;Kid A&quot; is an emotionally hollow record that contrives to use analog sounds, free-form vocalisations and awkward sequencing simply for the purpose of being different. The songs are full of bleeps and squeeks and colorful textures that will keep you exploring the disc for weeks--but beyond this collage of sound, one senses when listening to &quot;Kid A&quot; a fundamental missing layer--emotional depth. It sounds as though Radiohead got so carried away with their studio tricks that they forgot about the heart of the music.<br />Many artists are inspired toward a sound that happens to be less-than-palatable to the mainstream. With &quot;Kid A&quot;, it sounds like Radiohead took this angle from the opposite direction: they were inspired to be unpalatable to the mainstream, so they made a far-out record. But the desire to be &quot;out there&quot; isn't enough to make a great record, and &quot;Kid A&quot; drives this point home with unfortunate clarity.    <br />Without a doubt, some will call it brilliant. And equally without a doubt, other die-hard fans will turn away with disgust. &quot;Kid A&quot; certainly has its moments, and it offers a number of interesting, quirky tunes: The keyboard-based opener, &quot;Everything in it's right place&quot; and the closing &quot;Motion piciture soundtrack&quot; are hauntingly beautiful tunes that strike deeper than any of their neighboring tracks. Other songs, like the loud and romping &quot;The National Anthem&quot; and the ambient soundscape piece &quot;Treefingers&quot; offer plenty to engulf the ears and senses--But that's the problem, too: songs like this amount to little more than diverting, occasionally fascinating ear-candy, bereft of the emotion and drive that made previous Radiohead efforts so satisfying. <br />The title track sounds like a parody of Aphex Twin; &quot;Optimistic&quot; and &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; contain the only guitar chords you're likely to hear on the album; and &quot;Idioteque&quot; is a thoroughly obnoxious foray into dance-floor satire that should never have made the final cut. Ultimately, &quot;Kid A&quot; reeks of self-indulgence and studio-gimmick saturation. By any other band, this album would be noted as a quirky journey through analog psychadelia. But as the new Radiohead album, it amounts to, above all else, a staggering dissapointment.
B00004U9MS|5.0|this is the best album of the year!!!
B000000OA6|5.0|There is no word in the English dictionary that accurately describes this work of genius.  It is absolutely amazing, unbelieveable, incredible.  I have almost every Queen album, this was the first one I purchased aside from the greatest hits, and it still reigns supreme over all the other Queen albums.  <br />&quot;Innuendo&quot; (the song) is my favorite Queen song, it is amazing.  It opens with a drum roll which makes you jump upon first listen.  Freddie Mercury sounds better than ever before.  The highlight of the track is the &quot;wandering minstrel&quot; guitar interlude beginning at 3:16, it starts out in 5/4 time, then goes into 6/4 after a couple of choruses.  Absolutely amazing.  &quot;I'm Going Slightly Mad&quot; is a humorous track, which is somewhat Noel Coward-ish.  &quot;Headlong&quot; is an excellent rocker, will please metalheads everywhere with its heavily distorted guitar riffs and excellent solos.  &quot;I Can't Live With You&quot; is a fantastic song, with great lyrics and instrumentation.  &quot;Don't Try So Hard&quot; features one of Freddie Mercury's ultimate vocal performances, absolutely beautiful, will bring tears to some eyes, no joke.  Roger Taylor must have been the primary force behind &quot;Ride The Wild Wind,&quot; as his drums really stand out on this fast, heart-pumping track.  &quot;All God's People&quot; is classic Freddie Mercury, with its complex, multilayered vocals ala &quot;Somebody To Love&quot; or &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody.&quot;  Next is the haunting track &quot;These Are The Days Of Our Lives,&quot; a song about looking back on childhood and enjoying life as an adult.  This song was also the last music video filmed by Queen as a foursome with Freddie.  &quot;Delilah&quot; is a cute, little ditty about Freddie's favorite cat of the same name.  Then in charges &quot;The Hitman,&quot; which rocks and reels us all like just like the album's earlier track &quot;Headlong.&quot;  Next is &quot;Bijou,&quot; an instrumental with abrief lyric from Freddie.  This track features incredible guitar work by virtuoso Brian May himself, beautiful.<br />Finally, the all-out finale &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot; closes the album.  This song is most likely the track that defines the Innuendo album.  As most of you know, this was the last album Queen released before Freddie Mercury died.  He said to his bandmates that he wanted to keep on making records until he was no longer alive to record more music.  This song speaks of his attitude toward his state.  Freddie was extremely ill with AIDS at the time of recording this album, and was determined to give it his all.  &quot;Inside my heart is breaking, my makeup may be flaking but my smile still stays on.&quot;  This lyric speaks of his exact feeling, sometimes it got so bad he had to prop himself up on the desk and sing.  It means that AIDS is taking over him, but he will ignore it and keep going, &quot;I'll face it with a grin, I'm never giving in, on with the show....&quot;<br />Innuendo was released on February 5, 1991.  On November 24th of that same year, Freddie Mercury was dead.  He left this world after he and his bandmates released an album of the most incredible music they could ever do.  They knew they were on borrowed time, so they pushed themselves to the limits, and by doing so, they did it better than they ever could have done, with one simple thought of determination, &quot;the show must go on.&quot;  They continued right up until Freddie was to ill to work.  Now and forever, the show will go on, go on, go on, go on, go on, go on...........
B00004XONN|5.0|In short, Radiohead has again astounded me with another brilliant album.  Fans will marvel at the new sound, but will slowly see the old Radiohead mingled with it.  Haunting, flowing melodies underlined with powerful beats, all mixed with electronica:  That's only the beginning.  I listened to the album several times in a row, and only just started to grasp it.  Thom's sounding his better than ever...Kid A is something you have to *experience*, not just listen to.  The band's creativity level is in peak form, and I give them the five stars that they well deserve.
0451196716|4.0|The Long Walk was a very good book where you really feel like you are walking along with the characters every step of the way.  This was an unbelievably quick read for me because I was so eager to find out who would die next.  However, the ending (don't worry, I won't give anything away) left me very upset.  It didn't make much sense.  It was the kind of ending where it just ends with no explanation whatsoever.  Aside from this absolutely terrible ending, though, the other 369 pages were extremely well written and kept my attention throughout the whole journey.
B00004XQP4|5.0|The guys have done it again.  This is a must buy for any true Green Day fan and also a good starter for anyone that wishes to check the guys out.  I highly recommend this album.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Days Previous Records were great, but this one is the best.  Once I heard the single for the album, Minority, I had to get.  I just got it today (10/3/00), and it was great.  It isn't as punk rocky as their other records.  There a little slower, like &quot;Good Riddance,&quot; but not as slower.  Any fan of Green Day, or rock for that matter, should buy this album.
B000002UA0|4.0|&quot;The Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot; is not the Pink Floyd we all know from Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall. For those new to Pink Floyd, the album is one of the only ones with original member Syd Barrett. The album is full of psychadelia. In fact it is more like John Lennon from &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; and &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.&quot; Still, it is a great album, something which can't usually be said about early Floyd. &quot;Astronomy Domine,&quot; &quot;Lucifer Sam,&quot; and &quot;Flaming&quot; stand out with excellent guitars and melodies.
B00004XONN|5.0|Fan's of Radiohead know that every album that they make becomes more and more diffrent. The band changes much like the world around them. Here's a band that had a song that many &quot;experts&quot; thought was going to be a &quot;one hit owonder&quot;, creep. They where very wrong. Radiohead has proven time after time that they are the most talented band in music today.DO NOT miss out on &quot;kid A&quot; this band in 20 years will be conciderd one of the greatest band of all time, right next to the beatles.Bands like this only come once and a life time. I CANT EXPRESS how good this album is. just check it out yourself. Thom voice is just amazing the band is amzing and after listening to this album you'll just be blown away and just come back for more......they always do, enjoy life.
B00004XQP4|5.0|After nearly 3 years Green Day releases the new album Warning, containing a much different sound than anything they've done before.  They are happier now and straying further and further away from the Dookie sound.  This is however not at all a bad thing.  This is close to being my favourite release by them so far (a few more listens and it probably will be.)  Every song has a different feel to it, the most obvious being Misery..which is unlike anything i've ever heard before, not just from Green Day.  The best songs on here I think are : Blood Sex and Booze, Misery, Deadbeat Holiday and Waiting.  But the rest are also incredible.  A great purchase and possibly the best cd so far this year (just have to wait for Limp Bizkit.)
B00003CXE7|4.0|The critics lovd it, and almost everyone who went to see it at the movie theater i worked at did as well: even I enjoyed it!   Gladiator was a film that actually took the heroic plot and turned it into a grand epic, that I would have to compare to my movie going experience when I saw &quot;Titanic&quot; in December of 1997.    Russell Crowe plays Maximus Decimus Meridius, a Roman General, who is at the command of Marcus Aurillius, an aging Emperor.  While Marcus's son (Joaquin Phoenix) is supposed to be the next ruler, Marcus wants Maximus to lead Rome to a new future.  But upon hearing this news, Marcus's son Commodus destroys him, and proceeds to have Maximus killed as well as his wife and son.  Maximus survives, but soon finds that he has been enslaved.  Wanting revenge for this deed, he uses his skills as a general to make it all the way to the great Colliseum, where he befriend several other gladiators, and with their skills, they triumph in the face of the evil Commodus; but that's not the end of the story;)   Mill films does a grand job for a European FX company in relaizing the Colliseum and shots of a city that no longer can be constructed in our world.  The shots at times cut short and seem to be filmed on separate kinds of filmstock, but the cinematography is much better than what John Woo did on MI2.     On a final note, there isn't as much blood and gore as most would think, but still, if you have children, I caution you to not let them watch this.  Even though Maximus is a heroic general and all, be responsible with what your children view.
B00004XONN|5.0|The most anticipated release of the year is finally here and wow is it ever here. Radiohead the best act of my generation and Kid A both cements that and makes me wonder if they're even rock anymore. Gone are the stormy riffs that defined The Bends and were still in force on OK Computer. Replacing them are a variety of analog synthesizers and dense sonic collages.  I had heard about Radiohead's infatuation with contemporary electronic music/Techno/IDM and was both excited and concerned that the influence could sound gimmicky. Fortunately,  Radiohead has a genuine feel for what people like Aphex Twin, Autechre, and Boards of Canada have been creating and the result is an influence that is both lived-in and taken to a new level.  <br />The first track, &quot;Everything in the Right Place&quot; announces the arrival of a new Radiohead very, very softly. With a synthesizer loop that is almost a dead ringer for Boards of Canada's &quot;Olson&quot; the song has a wonderful hazy quality. This is augmented by heavy distortion of Thom Yorke's vocals only to have to gradually fade in to understandability. The song sounds drenched in a haze that is prevalent for the whole album. Gorgeous.  <br />&quot;Kid A&quot; comes in with a riff on a treated piano and again has vocals so distorted they are almost a texture.  <br />&quot;The National Anthem&quot; slams in with an almost punkish bass riff and is the most tension-filled songs on the disc. Its one of the few that most would immediately pin on Radiohead. Still no vocals without effect though. Here they're processed in a way that makes them sound like the echo in a freezer chamber.  Clearly this an album about creating a palette of enjoyable sounds. Ambience and mood, if you will.  <br />Finally on &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; we get a taste of Thom Yorke without disruption. Its worth the wait and even augmented by virtue of being placed this deep in the album. There's also gentle acoustic guitar. This is probably the song most reminiscent of OK Computer. Still with some eerie string drones and the lack of a standard verse/chorus structure its definitely fits in with the rest of Kid A.  The song just builds and builds over a slow march. Eventually incoporated disorted brass flourishes.<br />&quot;Treefingers&quot; concludes side A with a completely instrumental cut that wouldn't be out of place on Aphex Twin's &quot;Selected Ambient Work Vol. II&quot;. Beautiful melody lines juxtaposed with ominous tones.  <br />Side B starts with the album's most straightforward song &quot;Optimistic,&quot; a mid-tempo rocker without unprocessed vocals (though they are fairly back in the mix). <br />&quot;In Limbo&quot; is probably my favorite song on the album and ranks with &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; and as my favorite Radiohead song ever. Its got a gorgeous, echoey arpeggiated guitar riff/loop with touches from a Fender Rhodes. There's also a recurring sample that sounds like the soundtrack from an early Nintendo game. Great unintelligible lyrics by Yorke again as the song keeps taking on more and more until it builds to a dense crescendo of drones.  <br />&quot;Idioteque&quot; has an intro thats straight from Autechre of Funkstorung. I pegged this for another excursion in textural instrumentals, but no. Its got the most direct and up front Yorke vocals of the album.  Sheer brilliance too.  His voice is double-tracked and mimicks the robotic rhythmic underpinnings of the song.  <br />&quot;Morning Bell&quot; has a minor-keyed but soothing synth line and some eventual guitar. Another great one.  Finally, &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; closes the album in style with a dirge like organ melody and dirgy vocals that gradually incorporate a choral backing with some nice harp arpeggios.  <br />In spite of the previous songs being described in the sounds that make them up the reason this album absolutely brilliant is that all the songs seemlessly blend and wind up sounding like a whole lot more than a collage.  Its an album thats really hard to even categorize, and is very different from any of their other work.  Kid A is so brilliant I think nearly all of their open-minded fans will love it, but for those of you who thought OK Computer was short on guitar, you may be disappointed by this release. Kid A is quite simply the most groundbreaking pop/rock album I've heard since about 1991 and is an even better listen.
B00004XONN|5.0|Once you get over the startling novelty of the album (which is often the first step to enjoying a new Radiohead album), give it a second listen and the sheer melancholic beauty of the music begins to affect you.  The songs vary from painfully sad to downright frightening, but the beauty of Radiohead's music is never in doubt.  If this album doesn't tear at your heart, then nothing will...
6302098440|5.0|This movie, released in '54, must have frustrated many diehard fans of Foster's original classic strip.  While it carries over much of its source material's spirit and enthusiasm, the plot is WAY off and some of the characters emerge as entirely different beings (e.g. Princess Aleta, Gawain, even Val himself.)<br />Still, it works surprisingly well.  In fact, this film is actually much more enjoyable than the far more faithful '90s remake.  This fact is attributable, I believe, to the script for the '54 version, which transformed Foster's lusty picaresque strip into a glorious send-up of Victorian boy's books and blood-and-thunder dime novels.  In fact, fans of the now-revived juvenile fiction of G.A. Henty should view this as almost a tribute to that great author, complete with relentless Victorianisms and a theme of paganism versus emerging &quot;muscular Christianity.&quot;<br />As a sidenote of interest, this film also seems to have influenced Foster's writing as well.  His strips from the late fifties through the the sixties actually began to take on much of the world-view of this classic film.<br />By the way, your kids-- even if they are jaded techno-junkies-- WILL love this.  They may just have trouble admitting it.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A... it is more than you could ever expect from a firmly entrenched rock band, to say the least.  Experimentation runs rampant all throughout the albulm here Kids.  Thom and crew may have made their seminal work with OK Computer, but how do you follow up a seminal work?  The answer is of course with something different, something ahead of seminal.  Just as much as OK Computer was OK for radio, I really doubt Kid A will make it to any radio stations outside of college campuses.  The stuff they are doing now is different, and is better for you and your sense of music appreciation than vitamins B-Z, because this is your vitamin A.
B00004XONN|5.0|I didn't think anything could top Radiohead's last record, the insanely good but also insanely overpraised OK Computer.  It was the record I had always hoped somebody would make.  But what do you do after everyone calls you the &quot;greatest rock and roll band in the world&quot;?  Well, you tell them quite honestly to stuff their rock and roll because it's too constricting to be useful anymore.  And that's what Kid A seems to do.  It's very atmospheric and full of fascinating sounds and effects in the same way as Aphex Twin or Autechre but those similarities are only superficial -- the Radiohead that hates modern transit, ties hopelessness and beauty together so well, and generally rages against the banality of everyday life is still very strong here.  Probably the strongest influences I hear on this recording are Bjork and DJ Shadow, both of whom have done recent collaborations with Radiohead's chief songwriter Thom Yorke.  &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; starts off with a minimalist combination of electric piano, distortion effects and digitally manipulated vocals.  Then there's the title track, whose lyrics are mangled into unintelligibility by the use of a vocoder but otherwise sounds very much like a Bjork track with bubbling bass drums coming at you from all directions.  Think &quot;Headphones.&quot;  &quot;The National Anthem&quot; sounds like a Charles Mingus recording gone utterly wrong, with one of the coolest bass lines in the world.  &quot;How To Disappear&quot; also has an interesting bass line, this one sounding very much like the notes that a grandfather clock plays every hour, and it makes it a very lovely and meditative song about feeling out-of-place.  &quot;Treefingers&quot; is probably the most experimental track on the disc -- nothing but a few minutes of orchestrated ambient effects, but somehow it manages to build a kind of tension that you only notice by absence when the song abruptly ends.  &quot;Optimistic&quot; is clearly the best choice for a single, talking about how the good times of market economics really have affected every one of us personally, usually making us a little less kind.  The chorus is fantastic.  'You try the best you can, yeah you try the best you can/The best you can is good enough.'  &quot;In Limbo&quot; is a song that a lot of reviewers have complained about as being aimless and meandering but I think this fits the lyrical idea of the song completely.  The barely audible chanting at the beginning gives me the creeps.  &quot;Idioteque&quot; is a major departure for the band -- a dance track, and what's more, about the excesses and decadence of dance music.  &quot;Morning Bell&quot; is kind of a 70's-sounding Sunday-morning hangover ballad with very strange and impressionist lyrics that makes me think of John Lennon's more inspired moments.  And &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack,&quot; the final track, has a strange sadness that I'm not accustomed to hearing while its lyrics describe fading and death in a world dominated by mass media.  The harps were a big surprise.  So all in all, I have to say that while Radiohead's interest in making the Perfect Rock Disc has subsided, I'm glad it's been replaced with interest in making something new and progressive rather than rehashing the same old rock cliches forever.  I'm sure that's what they would rather listen to.  Note, though: No printed lyrics.  Would have been nice, but I know that takes some of the imagination out of it.
B00004XONN|5.0|What can I say? Brilliant. That's what I can say. Listen to the whole thing through, light a candle, and, as Camereon Crowe says &quot;You'll see you're whole future.&quot; It's that terrifying and that wonderful.
B00004XONN|4.0|This is a very impressive album for a number of reasons.  It's more art-rock than commercial/alternative/hard-rock.  The band achieves some great moments on this record, although it will probably not excite those outside the core of rabid fans as much as the band's more traditional OK Computer did.<br />First, the band has managed to make a highly listenable, yet rather &quot;inaccessible&quot; record.  Radiohead has essentially abandoned traditional pop arrangements and as a result the music is much less commercial than their previous releases.  The absence of chorus hooks is not a complete detriment, since repetitive elements in the song structures have their own stickiness.  Whether in the vocals or in a keyboard line, some of the hooks come back into your head and follow you around for awhile, like good pop music should!  Radiohead's brass in making this record, which remains natural-sounding (composition-wise) and doesn't force-fit the songs into radio-friendly structures, is highly laudable.  Wonder what it'll sound like live.  <br />Second, despite the band's departure from its earlier efforts musically, fans of OK Computer shall be relieved to know that from its first notes, Kid A is sonically consistent with other Radiohead albums (notably OK Computer).  Undoubtedly, this makes the record more listenable for fans of the band's more commercial earlier material.  It also invites the criticism that some of this material may in fact be remnants and out-takes from their last record.  <br />Cut 6, &quot;Optimistic&quot;, is probably the most &quot;radio&quot; cut of the record, and is thus likely to be playing on your local dial sometime within the next 3 or 4 months if not already.  By and large, this is definitely a word-of-mouth, dim the lights, sit back and listen to the entire album, type of record.  Like all great art, Kid A deserves to be considered on its own terms and given a fair hearing.
B00004XONN|5.0|What can I say? Brilliant--that's what I can say. Listen to the whole thing through, light a candle and, as Cameron Crowe says, &quot;You'll see your whole future.&quot; Yes, your future is that stunning and that horrific...
B00004XONN|5.0|Even die hard Radiohead fans will have to give this one a few spins to get used to it, but please do: this is a great record. I've been a fan from the first time &quot;Creep&quot; hit the airwaves (and though it gets bashed a lot I still love that song.) The Bends was the best thing I had heard in years, and OK Computer was similiar to this in that you have to listen to it a bit before it grows on you- but it will. You'll find less melody and structure here than previous efforts, but that's ok- it still sounds pure Radiohead, which is all I could hope for. They are great at creating haunting and eerie moods, and that's done to great effect on some tracks here, namely Everything In Its Right Place and Optimistic. My favorites as of now would have to be National Anthem, How to Disappear Completely, Kid A, and Motion Picture Soundtrack- a track which I hope gets its just deserves- it's a wonderful closer. I've heard plenty of great songs (namely True Love Waits) that didn't make it on this record- hopefully they'll see the light of day on a future album, but right now I'm quite content with what we've been given- another great album.
1573226521|2.0|If you let Chuck Palahniuk read Lord of the Flies and then gave him two days to transcribe it from memory, The Beach is what you'd get. <br />That ancient and much-rehashed message of 20th century literature - that we are all mere beasts with a thin veneer of civilization - is experiencing a huge revival among modern authors. The only new element these men (and yes, they are always men) bring to the mix is an obssessive mastery of pop-culture references. How ironic that these books themselves (The Beach, Fight Club, American Psycho) are now cherished memes in the mainstream American psyche. The principle way to tell the books' messages apart is by noting which class of disaffected male they pander to - The Beach for jobless twentysomethings, Fight Club for faceless young corporate drones, and American Psycho for the hip money-marketer.<br />Down to brass tacks: The only specifics which really differentiate The Beach from the classic Lord of the Flies are a more multi-cultural cast of characters (though not much) and a healthy dose of late-nineties ennui. Seeking to escape the crushing conformity of modern times (just like every other iconoclastic drone in our faux-individual society) the beach-dwellers of Garland's book manage to run the entire gamut of human social order in a few months, from idyllic commune to stoic republic to nightmarish dictatorship. Garland makes his characters believable principally through triggering the reader's memories of college buddies long-forgotten. Feel free to cast whomever you like in the character's roles - they have no faces but those you give them. Finally, Garland's writing style is dry and uninspired when compared to his contemporaries. A minimum of cinematic development is delivered with the usual cliched metaphors, and the required cultural references are appended nakedly to the dialogue. <br />In the end, The Beach makes for refreshing reading if it is included in a stale college reading list - it will soothingly pander toa brain abused by having to actually think about books.
B00004XONN|4.0|Ok, first off this is nothing you'd expect from Radiohead.  It's a lot like an experimental electronica album with just a track or two that remind you that this is Radiohead.  But then again, they are the same guys who after a great debut album (Pablo Honey), released the radically different &quot;The Bends&quot; (arguably their best album) only to release the Grammy award winning &quot;OK Computer&quot; (yes, really!).  Well, &quot;Kid A&quot; is as radical a departure as you're gonna get and it is enjoyable.  Like anything else they've done, it'll grow on you. Trust me !
0805062971|4.0|My advice to any young college student today is to write that novel. Anybody with a half-grasp of English grammar can punch out a saleable text these days, provided it is a painfully honest first-person confession liberally dosed with social commentary, obsessive pop-culture references, and some clinical violence. It worked for Bret Ellis, it worked for Alex Garland, and it can work for you too!<br />But Chuck Palahniuk manages to do some great tricks with the still-evolving tenents of this new genre. Firstly, his writing style is intense and original. When pondering an airplane explosion, the narrator refers to his fellow travellers as 'human tobacco - packed tight in the long white fuselage of the plane'. Palahniuk's pop references are everywhere, but they are generally appropriate. The plot of the novel is original, managing to use the general message of 'Lord of the Flies' without becoming a hackish remake like 'The Beach'. While his protagonist displays undeniably psychotic behavior, it is in a subtle and intricate manner, relying far more on the reader's intuition than the straight-forward hack-n-slash murders of Bret Ellis's 'American Psycho'. <br />The main purpose of Fight Club is to deliver a thrilling yet thought-provoking adventure, and Palahniuk carries this through magnificently. The secondary attack on the meaningless, effete nature of nineties consumer culture also suceeds, even when new novels are co-opting this stance every day. Of course, the bitter irony of our culture is that Palahniuk's underground, counter-insurgent message is being trumpeted loudly now by the same corporate machinery he lambasts. The success of the Fight Club movie (which is still an excellent flick) has led to a cursory, surface exploration of the novel by millions of ignorant young men, who are extracting precisely the wrong message from the book. The foolish boys who are even now pummelling each other in dark basements in emulation of Tyler Durden have failed to realize that by following the example of a popular cultural icon, they are becoming even more conformist, not less, as Palahniuk would want them to.
0385311400|5.0|Drums Of Autumn by Diana Gabaldon is just one of the amazing books from the Outlander series.  The others being:  Outlander, Dragonfly In Amber and Voyager; with more to come.  In this book we're in America with plantations, slavery, Indians and disease.  The book maintains the quality of the first three with the exception of (in my opinion) Roger and Brianna's story.  To me it read like a Harlequin Romance; but what do you expect from this amazing author.  She meets the reading needs of every individual.  Just don't read all four books in a row like I did, or else you'll open your mouth to talk one day and you'll be speaking with a Scottish accent.  They're that absorbing.
B00004XQP4|4.0|When I first heard the cd I thought , geez Green Day has gone soft! But when you listen to the whole cd you realize they haven't gone soft but grown up. They have improved lyrically and rhythmically. In my opinion, an altogether good cd. The cd has the rare quality these days of being able to listen to every song without changing around. So to all new green day fans this is a great cd but check out the old ones too especially Dookie and to all hardcore Green Day fans, give it a chance, you'll like it!
B000000OQF|5.0|If you think you might be the sort of person who likes simple hard, loud rock, this is an album for you.<br />You could talk about how much any given member lacks talent - Axl's singing be the 'worst' (I like it anyway), but this isn't an album for people who analyze music.  And compared to some of the really _bad_ music in then genre, they are somewhat talented.  The album sounds clean, you can hear the lyrics, no matter how high the volume gets.<br />It's an album for putting in the car, rolling down the windows, cranking it up and driving fast.  If you listen to albums, analyze the chord structure of the riffs and debate if a minor of dominant 7th was best at the transition, you're going to hate this.<br />For what it is, it's fairly good.  There's some Judas Priest that fits that bill (screaming for vengeance especially), some AC/DC, and not much else I can think of quickly.<br />So, if this music would seem to suit your goals, it will not disappoint.
B0000062GE|5.0|In the album Darkest Days, I have noticed thats its not hardcore industrial but it definately has the roots of industrial.  The kool thing about this album is how eerie it really is, yet it still keeps you gripped as if each song tells a seperate story.  I just recently got this cd and it amazes me, I listen to it everyday in fact.  If you like Gravity Kills or Finger Eleven then deffinately pick up this album and add it to your collection, but make sure to never take it out of your collection. =)
B00004XONN|5.0|I just got this CD last night and it is awesome.  It's a little different that alot of the music that Radiohead has done before but I really like it.  I especially like the songs National Anthem, Everything In It's Right Place, Kid A, and Optimistic.  Buy this CD.
B000002BSG|5.0|I love all these songs, they are the kinda songs that you can listen to and actually concentrate on the music or just have it as background music with a few friends over.  I remember a few years ago I saw the music video for &quot;Virtual Insanity&quot; and for a while I was on this craze of wanting the CD really bad then it sorta faded into my life and forgotten.  Recently I was going through my local electronics store and I noticed this CD, and it cried out for me.  I decided I would buy it cause I like having lots of different kinds of CDs and this would be a nice change.  Well, I have to say this wow I love all these songs.  A for sure buy for anyone of all ages, and for the explorer that is daring enough to try a new genre.  5 Stars here!
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead is awesome.  This CD is a little different than their previous albums but I really like it.  I especially like the songs Everything In It's Right Place, Kid A, National Anthem, and Optimistic.  Also, the art in this CD is amazing.  This is a really cool CD that everyone should buy.  Radiohead is one of the most ground breaking bands of our time.
6302869390|5.0|I remember seeing this movie in '72 a number of times as a Jr. High student. Many times by myself because my older brothers turned me on to most of the musicians in it and I was fascinated at how great the music was. It is one of the best concerts I have ever seen. Classic music and classic musicians at their peak. And Ravi Shankar had me mesmerized. Geez, I hope they print this video again.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have been listening to this record for three weeks now, having had a bootleg copy before it was released.  I was a big fan of the bends, even more so of ok computer, and now i think that this is possibly their best one yet.  The textures are subtle and beautiful, and the attention to sonic detail is unmatched in any recording in recent memory.  Radiohead has reminded me more of the beatles than any other band for their bold ventures into new sonic territory, and their ability to blend progressive and rock in a way that pink floyd and yes were never able to.  Buy it, listen to it four times back to back, and cry because it is one of the most wonderful soundscapes you will ever hear.
B00004LN16|5.0|AC/DC will never &quot;sell out&quot; and that's what makes them the best rock band of our time. I have been a fan since the beginning so this is going to be biased but if you're reading this you're probably biased too. <br />AC/DC is what the music scene has been missing for 5 years - since their last album. Hard chords (three of them) and lyrics to match. Is it the most refined music, put through numerous mixes and re-mixes like the bubble gum crowd seems to like? Are you kidding, this is how it is - it's like feeling a bullet hitting your chest! <br />Stiff Upper Lip is one of the band's best. The cover is one of my favorites and the rest of the CD just keeps rockin. Is it HTH or Ballbreaker or Razor's Edge or BIB or FTATR or Powerage or LTBR or High Voltage? Nope, it's SUL and rocks with the best of them. <br />5-stars!
B00003OSSM|1.0|i absoulte love harrison ford. but this movie stionks. it is boring and has no point.you reallty could care less about the chacters plus if a woman had a hubsand that look like harrison ford she would not need to cheat.
B00004XONN|3.0|You are reading an updated review...I want this to be 4 stars...<br />&quot;Kid A&quot; shows us a new Radiohead, a band SOLELY concerned with their own creative integrity.  It's a wildly ethereal but adventurous song cycle that gets infinitely better and deeper with repeat listenings.  &quot;Everything in it's Right Place&quot; is a swirling statement of a song.  Favorites include &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, &quot;Idioteque&quot;, &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;, and &quot;Morning Bell&quot; among others.<br />Finding a guitar on this album is like finding a needle in a haystack, a wonderfully daring move on Radiohead's part.<br />&quot;Kid A&quot; is much more palettable than their new album &quot;Insomniac&quot;.  Though they were recorded at the same time, &quot;Kid A&quot; strikes me as a much more cohesive effort, worthy of the hype that surrounded it.
B00004XPQL|2.0|i had high hopes for this movie.unfourntely what could of been a great permise is made stupid by annoying streotyped teen chacters. the death scenes are gross like when the guys end gets chop off. i like the movies when just the suggestion of the death is enough.the end is also terrible. what i really think is that the movie goes down hill after the plane explodes.with better chacters the couldof been good.
B00004X01U|5.0|I purchased this album thinking I would be sorry and disappointed in that I've never been a true Madonna fan.  I have liked some of her hits through the years but have never broken down and bought an album for fear of making a bad buy.  I was really surprised.  <br />The title track &quot;Music&quot; is a nice tune if it's not played to death on FM, but Madonna has stepped into a more mature song writing venue. There should be more hits coming out of this CD.  The 2nd and 3rd tracks were not my favorites but like the other cuts, there is great use of electronics. She is obviously a future spokesperson for Vocoder &quot;Corp.&quot;, and she uses the device heavily on this CD.  Much like Cher, Madonna is very innovative in it's use, but she avoids using it as Cher did which is a big plus in my book.  You will like the effects she has created. <br />She provides different personalities on almost every song on this CD. The title track first suggested to me a Prince song, then the vocals began and I believe she could have sold the song to Janet Jackson.  The acoustic stuff on this CD is very melodious and again mature. &quot;Paradise&quot; sounds like a Neil Young tune and was just as pleasing as Young's better stuff.  The song  &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; will make you think the disk is scratched when in fact, Madonna is playing with the volume levels...very cool effect and a great song.  My favorite cut is &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;.  Very plaintive but beautiful. There are many reviews describing the electronics on this CD and many are negative.  Don't let that stop you from purchasing &quot;Music&quot;.  The electronics are well presented.  Madonna has convinced me she is part of the great songwriters of the world with this CD.  You should listen to it many times and only then you will agree.  Great Buy.
0064471047|5.0|I read this book when I was a small boy just discovering the wonder of books, it is one of the reasons why i still read books today.  As such it has special meaning to me and I could not resist reviewing it.  The story is about a group of children who discover a secret magical land where they can be heroes, accessable through a wardrobe.  Some people may be a bit put off by the references to the religious undertones of these books, It would be a tragedy if some where put off reading these because of this.  I for one was completely unaware of the christian undertones and just read it for the great story it is.  The book has stood the test of time and to me is a classic.  The one thing I regret is that I do not have children (so far!) to give books like this to, so if you do, don't miss the chance.
0553278355|5.0|This book is really incredible.  It is a really short read and it has this great way of sucking you in.  The whole time I was reading it I felt as if I was going crazy right along with the main character!  It's really a shame that Plath wasn't able to write more, she's one of the most talented authors I've read.
B00004XONN|4.0|i don`t think this is a `disturbing masterpiece` as the rolling stones magazine called this record. radiohead definitely achieved one thing: they don`t sound like on `okcomputer` , they don`t even sound like a guitar rock`n roll band anymore (sometimes i wonder whether thom did everything by himself on this record). the emphasis here is on sustained synthesizer sounds, eletronic drums and a minimum of change in harmonies and lyrics. actually `optimistic`, `in limbo` , `idioteque` and `morning bell` sound like one long improvisation - and that`s where it gets a little self-indulgent and weary in my opinion. `everything in its right place` starts like a promise that is never really fulfilled. maybe the problem of the record is that it`s a little overproduced (last track - harp glissandi, kitschy soprano; reminds me a bit of `melatonin` on the `how is my driving`ep, and that was a b-track)and that the band felt the need to release two albums (the next in 2001). so,...why not making one brillant album instead of two self-indulgent ones? but, please...this is still an outstanding album with extremely strong moments. disturbing, yes, sometimes, but not really a masterpiece.
B00004XONN|5.0|I expect for long time hearing this cd.. this is pretty great..
B000001FDQ|4.0|Edward Van Halen brought the speed, Randy Rhoads brought Bach back to Rock, but Yngwie Malmsteen combined the two guitar legends styles, damn near doubling their speed, and creating this mostly instrumental album of guitar wizadry that's absolutley essential for any guitar player to hear, if nothing else, to show them how the instrument SHOULD be played.  (Lord knows every modern guitar player today really needs a few lessons from this guy).<br />  Yngwie's technical skill and fluidity are astounding, and that's a grand understatement.  From the slow, classical guitar opening of Black Star, he slowly builds, builds, builds, into Far Beyond the Sun where he immediatley hits the listener hard with his unparallelled skill.  And for being the egotistical showoff that he's reputed to be, he certainly picks good musicians to compliment his own heroics.  Jens Johannson is equally as fast on the keyboards as Yngwie is on the ax, giving the music a distinct Deep Purple influence (this boy grew up on Blackmore, after all.).  The drumming is complex and thunderous, as well.<br />  There are only two songs with lyrics and vocals, one of which is a real clunker (Now Your Ships are Burning, the album's only true weak point) and the other which is a bonafide Grade A metal song (As Above, So Below), which showcases the talents of singer Jeff Scott Soto to the fullest.  He has a very broad, Meat Loaf-ish range and can hit the highest of notes without sounding like his cahones are clamped in a vice.  In short, he makes James Hetfield sound like Lou Gramm of Foreigner.  As Above.. also showcases another amazing Yngwie solo.<br />  The album's true highlight is the Icarus Dream Suite, where Malmsteen actually shuts up long enough to play some haunting, slow-burning melodies and well-placed leads.  This is definitley the album to start with for this artist, he only put out a few good ones before an accident permenantly damaged his playing ability.  Rising Force is probably one of the most technically adept instrumental albums made, rivaled only by Vinne Moore's work (and he was an open Malmsteen clone) and his own later releases.
0553106635|5.0|I loved this book, and both its predecessors.  Yes, it's grim and dark - it's also gripping, suspenseful and very, very adult.  The characters are absolutely three-dimensional.  I can hardly wait for the next book, and it's been years since I've felt this way about any book in this genre.
0393317552|3.0|Actually, I enjoyed this book quite a bit up to a point, but at 400 pages its just a little too long for the central thesis to support.  Basically, Diamond is saying that Eurasians got a head start due to domesticable animals, the best wild grains to cultivate and an east-west axis to promote widespread adoption of these things.<br />All well and true, esp liked the charts of domesticable animals and best grains - interesting stuff.  <br />But, only in the last few pages does he discuss why it is that it was the West ( European/Christian ) civilization that ended up winning the race for global dominence.  The Chinese were part of the Eurasian landmass, and the Arabs had a head start on everyone, so why do the Europeans conquer all?<br />Mr Diamond seems at pains not to ascribe any of the success of Western culture to an interest in learning or a religious attitude different from the rest of the world.<br />An open mind is needed here - and an editor to trim this down to the 150 pages such a thesis should properly fill.
6305064490|5.0|Crystal clarity and outstanding sound quality make this DVD a &quot;can't miss&quot; purchase for any Christmas list.  However, the universal themes presented in this film are by ALL MEANS useful for year round multiple viewings.  Try watching it (in all of its glory and elegance) with subtitles as a fresh alternative to the crude and inhospitable language spoken by the gangster hoodlums who have infiltrated today's motion picture industry, and degraded the product in epic proportions.  Watching Stewart being pulled out of the icy water in French is another viable option.  The true icing on the cake is the DVD's primary bonus feature, &quot;The Making of It's A Wonderful Life&quot;.  This movie provides an unusual glimpse into a common fantasy: What life would be like if you had never been born.  It's about optimism, choices, courage, and also the darker side of human nature.  The subject of suicide is dealt with in a straightforward, hospitable manner.  Stewart as George Bailey is haunted by his negative perception of what lies ahead.  Bailey is down and out, and virtually at the end of his rope.  He desperately feels there is no way out . . .  That is until the distinct possibility of a guardian angel is playfully introduced.  When &quot;George&quot; confides to the angel that he is &quot;going off my nut,&quot; audiences of the new millennium realize that maybe not all that much has changed in the past sixty or seventy years.  The difference is found most obviously in the hometown feeling and neighborly characters that offer a friendly &quot;Mom and Pop&quot; type assistance not found in today's &quot;Big Box&quot; atmosphere.  A little known tidbit is that some strange developments occurred following the death of Henry F. Potter (no relation to Harry).  Instead of becoming an angel, he went to hell, and returned as the unsavory recluse who antagonizes a well casted sorority (who encounter infamous misfortunes) in another Holiday classic, &quot;Black Christmas&quot;.  &quot;Black Christmas&quot; presents unthinkable possibilities of what could happen if there are more troubled souls than available guardian angels.  &quot;Black Christmas&quot; followed by &quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot; is the perfect double movie billing to make any Holiday festivities complete!
6305949980|5.0|This new edition is sweet. Enhaced for great picture and sound so you can blast those wounderful songs to drown out your horrable singing voice as you sing along. And the special features and Burton's short movies are a must for the hard-core Burton fan... our any body. Tim Burton is a genius and i cant wait to see what he does next!
B00004XQP4|5.0|I think this is one of green day's best cds (also check out dookie). It does not have as much punk music as they used too. There is one ballad on this CD similair to Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)from nimrod, and there is a lot of acoustic guitar on it. This definately expands there music.<br />All the songs get stuck in your head. I mean ALL of them. The best songs are Warning, Church on Sunday, Misery (Weird but fun song, Minority, Fashion Victim and Castaway.
B000001ESF|5.0|Here it is, the monster album that gave Rush life.  After the financial failure of Caress of Steel, the record company issued the Canadian trio an ultimatum--go commercial or we'll drop you.  Neil Peart, having recently immersed himself into the individualistic ideaology of Ayn Rand, joined with Lee and Lifeson to create an album the three of them could be proud of--2112.  Theatrical in its execution, the title track tells a story with music and words matched so well that you can just close your eyes and watch it play in your mind.  The rest of the album is good as well, especially \\"Something for Nothing\\" and \\"Lessons.\\"  2112 is another must-have in any heavy rock catalog.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Sinatra live, for any fan of music is the ultimate experience.He not only sings, he performs every song as an artist strokes his brush. Starting with Come Fly Me, he gets you in the mood to take a trip to a tropical Isle and elope.With Count Basie's band and the arrangement of Quincy Jones, I believe this is the finest rendition of Fly Me To The Moon.Sinatra again is great as one of the only living saloon singers, to set you in the mood of a small Bistro in the wee small hours, and performing One For My Baby, and later Angel Eyes. However this CD Means so much to me because of the memories it brings to me of my father, and the special bond we shared with Sinatra's music. Please don't let me forget My favorite song on the CD, I've Got You Under My Skin! In my very humble opinion the performance of this song, with the swinging music, is the most wonderful listening experience as well as the most exciting songs ever performed. So if you are 21 or 71 please buy this CD?
B000001ESN|5.0|It's really tough to rate the Rush albums, because each one has something to offer, but if you want the best blend of everything Rush, here it is.  Peart's amazing, thought provoking lyrics are mated to some of the most acrobatic jamming ever to be placed upon any media.  From the first notes of &quot;Spirit of Radio&quot; to the art rock interlude of &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot; to the crashing waves at the end of &quot;Natural Science,&quot; Permanent Waves is a musical journey hosted by three of the most dynamic musicians of the 70's and 80's.  A true rock and roll masterpiece.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Sinatra live, for any fan of music is the ultimate experience.He not only sings, he performs every song as an artist strokes his brush. Starting with Come Fly Me, he gets you in the mood to take a trip to a tropical Isle and elope.With Count Basie's band and the arrangement of Quincy Jones, I believe this is the finest rendition of Fly Me To The Moon.Sinatra again is great as one of the only living saloon singers, to set you in the mood of a small Bistro in the wee small hours, and performing One For My Baby, and later Angel Eyes. However this CD Means so much to me because of the memories it brings to me of my father, and the special bond we shared with Sinatra's music. Please don't let me forget My favorite song on the CD, I've Got You Under My Skin! In my very humble opinion the performance of this song, with the swinging music, is the most wonderful listening experience as well as the most exciting songs ever performed. So if you are 21 or 71 please buy this CD?
B00004Z311|5.0|jerry goldsmith is widely considered to be one of the best creators of movie music alive.  he once gave an interview where he said that the score for 'Legend' was his favorite thing he'd ever written.  when this movie was released, however, the people at the studio decided that &quot;the kids&quot; just wouldn't get it, so they replaced it with a pop-y bit from tangerine dream.  furthermore, scenes were cut, and the action was speeded up so that the movie could be marketed to a younger crowd.  problem solved:  this is a 2 disc set so you can compare and contrast the two versions: one with jerry goldsmith's score restored and finally bringing the &quot;international&quot; cut to the u.s., the other being the u.s. theatrical cut.  this movie is incredible, but certainly not for everyone.  the early tom cruise is fun to watch, tim curry is his usual over-the-top self, and mia sara is quite attractive as the princess(?) lilly.  at its heart, this is a good vs. evil quest film, with the usual fantasy trappings of that sort used to wonderful effect.  the movie is visually stunning, but it relies on more archtypical characters rather than character development.  just because it has unicorns, fairies, goblins, swords, magic, etc., does not make this a children's film.  i heartily recommend this one to any fan of sheer eye candy, fantasy, or fairy tales.
B00004XONN|5.0|After the lengthy wait for Kid A to arrive in stores, I've finally gotten a copy.  This album is more amazing than any of they're previous three (full album) releases.  Radiohead has outdone themselves this time.  The music brings you back to the days of the Bends album, but also sets you forth into the realm of the unknown future of the record industry.  It makes me wonder how an artist could write such wonderfully complex music and make it as beautiful as Radiohead has done here.  They truly are the best, and most unique band in the world.  They're hard work has truly paid off with this album.  It is a must have for music fans of any genre all around the world.  Thom Yorke has the amazing ability to melodically set a person at ease on tracks such as &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; and &quot;Optimistic&quot;.  Trust me, just BUY it!
B00004XONN|5.0|blindingly brilliant post-modern music from possibly the greatest rock and roll band since the beatles. this is another giant leap into an unchartered direction where electronic music is filtered through psychedelia and fused with a complete sense of vision. radioheads scope is vast and their ability to translate it is awesome. to feel something new and yet familiar, to mentally walk into rooms that you never knew existed yet longed to find. this is experiencing radiohead. this is the sound of the future. now.
B00004XONN|5.0|I was one of the lucky few who was able to listen to this album in advance....and I'm still listening to it. What a gutsy move by Radiohead to tell everyone to kiss off and go their own way. This album is amazing....ambient, creepy, rockin', innovative and chock full of art. It's an entire soundscape, based around the concept of the first human clone--Kid A. I thought that the concept album vanished with Pink Floyd, and so did the record companies. They would have never thought that an album like Kid A would sell. It has. <BR>Radiohead does a stunning job with conveying their continuing fascination/fear with technology. Using keyboard breaks and whining electronic effects (almost like Humpback whale sounds) to induce calm in the listener, then layering jutting, skipping, brash vocals, bass lines and brass sections (yes, that a baritone sax) that seem to push at the surface and interrupt that calm. It leaves you white knuckled and clinging to every note.<BR>Many people have noticed the lack of guitar in this album, and I don't know why some have lashed out at that. I think that Radiohead stuck to their concept----I personally think that it's a great example of what's going on with most music these days. Turn on the radio and hear something that you could reproduce at home with a Midi. Brilliant. Or as the English would say, Wicked!<BR> Radiohead is one of the last surviving career bands. I feel lucky that I have been able to watch a band go from Alt. Rock to Art Rock and beyond. This is something rare in music. Most bands/artists ride the wave of a passing trend, make their record label a few bucks and then fade out (only to come back on a Where Are They Now special on VH1). Radiohead has earned their rightful place among the other bands who have not been afraid to change. They have chosen to make their own path and have evolved because of it. This band does not follow the trends, bow to them or even ligitimize them, Radiohead creates them.
B00004XONN|5.0|With Radiohead's new release Kid A, it will be brought to all previous fans attention that Radiohead just keeps getting better and better. Most fans dig the low profile that Radiohead tends to keep. Very rarely hearing an album track on the popular radio station is a turn on for us fans. So, Kid A will none the less tease your senses in the privacy of your own home instead of booming out of car windows just to annoy you. The ever-changing melodic and rythmic controversies of instruments and Thom's beautiful, unique voice carry on conversations with each other that will only please you who can appreciate the originality of a genuine band that will undoubtedly stand the test of time.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Before I saw this movie, all I'd heard was negative reviews.  I rented it, expecting a horrible movie, but when I was done watching it all I could say was &quot;Wow!&quot;  Fight Club is unlike any movie you've seen in a long time.  I bought it for DVD, and again all I could say was &quot;Wow!&quot;  This is an amazing DVD packed with everything you could ever want on two discs.  This is a movie that you think about nonstop after you see it, so buy this DVD!
B00004XONN|5.0|Ok Computer, Radiohead's much acclaimed 1997 critical smash, won an army of fierce devotees slowly - I listened to the album dumbfounded for nearly two weeks before developing a strong sense of its power and scope. Kid A, by contrast, despite all of its derrivative flavor, struck me as instantly appealing - never before has an album radiated such originality mingled with success... utter, triumphant success.<br />There are those who will listen to Kid A searching for familiar strains - the wispy, reverbing guitars of Ok Computer; the anthemic drive of The Bends; the relentless self-pitying plantiveness of Pablo Honey hits like Creep - and finding none of these, will meet Radiohead's new venture with dissapointment and skepticism. The melodic lyricism of past albums has been replaced here with a religous dedication to larger portrayals of rhythym and color... and let me tell you... they are just brilliant.<br />Those receptive to Kid A's bold soundscape will be rewarded with a postmodern meditation on life and earth so profound, it reaches towards a future so distant it resembles the past: ice ages, dinosaurs, and primal, savage elements.<br />It is Stephen Hawking suffering a fever dream - slipping, with 'Everything in it's Right Place', into surreal, uneasy sleep; suffering increasingly intense episodes ('Kid A', 'The National Anthem'). The unbearable serenity of 'How to Disappear' and 'Treefingers' devolves into 'Optimistic,' the centerpiece of the album and a thundering vision of prehistoric beauty. A warm, psychadelic mush of organs and angels finishes the album at 50 minutes.<br />For all its unfamiliarity, Kid A is so comprehensive, so stunning a picture, I can hardly stand it. I surrender, I guess.
B00004XONN|5.0|Before I rave about this album, let me qualify myself: I've been an intense, at times obsessive, fan of Radiohead since I saw them by chance at the UCLA campus in 1992 (Thom had these blonde hair extensions and \\"Creep\\" was just starting to get publicized).  Here was a band who was fed up with the world's (including their own) hypocrisies, and rocked HARD at it too.  In other words, a savior and spokesperson for my adolescent angst.<br />So \\"Kid A\\" really did catch me off-guard.  But, it makes sense--at the start of the heavily-publicized \\"NEW MILLENIUM!(tm)\\", we all find ourselves asking, \\"So what was the big deal?\\"  Life is pretty much the same as it was in 1999.  But \\"Kid A\\" gives us a very brief but important glimpse into the sound of 2001 and beyond.  It almost seems like the band sat down and said \\"Screw time signatures, screw coherent lyrics, screw chord progressions!  Hell, screw guitars, even!\\" and wrote an album imagining what rock n roll would sound like if it was invented in the 21st century.<br />And as you hear \\"Everything in its Right Place\\" play for the first time, my fellow \\"classically-trained musicians\\" will wince a little.  But hopefully, everyone will realize how hard it actually is to write songs of such understated complexity and produce an album that one would label \\"sparse and numb\\" at first listen and then just sigh and say \\"Whoa\\" every time afterwards.<br />But don't get me wrong.  They still rock out, especially in \\"Optimistic,\\" \\"The National Anthem,\\" and \\"In Limbo\\" (when all the guitars spiral in 15 seconds into that song, GASP).  And Thom sings the stream-of-consciousness lyrics with such emotion, it really will grip you.  So don't be frightened, fellow fan, and if you're new to the Radiohead world, I extend a solemn \\"Welcome\\" and \\"You better buy 'The Bends' you twerp.  Where have you been all this time!\\"<br />I guess the moral of the story goes: Thom gave us his paranoia and fear of an automated, de-humanized world in \\"OK Computer,\\" but now has shown us the possibility that although it would be tragic and chaotic, in its own way it will be breathtakingly beautiful.now has shown us the possibility that although it would be tragic and chaotic, in its own way it will be breathtakingly beautiful.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is just...beautiful. Heartbreaking, cold, yet, beautiful. For all the styles in it, all the ways it could be viewed as overly pretenous, it comes off as something that was taken care of and nurtured until it was absolutley ready. More artists could use the handling that Radiohead's label gave them to make this album. Perhaps then we would have more good music to listen to.
B00004XONN|5.0|A great recording to sit back and listen to in it's entirity.  It brings to mind Aphex Twins &amp; Pink Floyd (wish you were here.  But it also breaks new ground (classically modern).  Radiohead is here to stay.
B00004XONN|5.0|If it's possible, which it apparently is, Radiohead have made an album even more original and incredible than their last, OK Computer.  Kid A swirls from genre to genre until the listener must conclude that it really is...as Thom Yorke intended...in a class entirely on its own, as indefinable as it is familiar to all those who have felt that Radiohead music beats to the rhythm of their own souls.  There's more lyrics than I expected here--many of them simply repeated phrases or choruses-- but this is really an album that's all about the music anyway.  Kid A is deep and primal and deserves to be listened to while in a reclining position, preferably in the dark, by yourself.  It will take you into yourself, hopefully, in a really deep and primal way.
B00004X01U|1.0|Unlike her previous releases Music certainly is a dissapointment. The first single &quot;Music&quot; is an excellent song and great video. Madonna has never looked better. However, the rest of the album lacks songs with hooks and good music. If your looking for a good follow up single to Music, there really isnt one. The album is kind of bland compared to the excellent Ray of Light album. I find it hard to listen to any of the songs past Music.I think she just churned out 10 songs for her fans and didnt really concentrate on the material. What is this crap? Artistic? I dont think so. Maybe next time Madonna.
B000002N25|4.0|Released back in 1996, Mark Knopfler's first official solo effort, \\"Golden Heart,\\" defies classification.  Since the songs range across such a wide spectrum-Celtic, Cajun, rock, and country (styles which Knopfler so obviously cherishes)-you can't really call this a \\"rock album.\\"  <br />It's just MUSIC, pure and simple.  And as the title suggests, more love songs than you'd normally find on a Dire Straits record.  The opening track, \\"Darling Pretty,\\" is rife with Knopfler's usual guitar artistry.  But his message of being able to draw strength from love and thus overcome life's adversities is remarkably touching: \\"Love will find a way, my Darling Pretty/Find a heaven for you and I.\\"  (An aside here: my wife and I actually chose this one as our wedding song four years ago.  It may not be the easiest thing to dance to, but it fit our situation perfectly.)<br />The title track is equally moving, and so gentle, it actually brought a lump to my throat the first time I heard it.  And if you've got an ounce of Irish in you, \\"A Night in Summer Long Ago\\" might also get you misty.  I once worked with a fellow Irishman, who admitted that this one actually had him sobbing, since it reminded him of the songs he grew up with.<br />But before you start thinking Knopfler's gone completely soft, check out \\"Imelda,\\" which could be his hardest rocking and most satisfying tune since \\"Money for Nothing.\\"  The song climaxes in a solo that sounds like a guitar duel between Eric Clapton and Jimi Hendrix, and it had me smiling.<br />\\"Don't You Get It\\" is another fine example of his approach to straightforward rock-and-roll, but songs like \\"Cannibals\\" and \\"Je Suis Desole\\" represent something new for Knopfler fans: a Cajun influence!  What's even more surprising is that he is able to pull it off so convincingly.<br />Like Bob Dylan, Knopfler's love-them-or-hate-them vocals are often overlooked, but if you're a fan, you'll think he sounds great here.  His smoky rasp is actually an asset on songs like \\"Are We in Trouble Now\\" and \\"Done With Bonaparte.\\"  But on \\"I'm the Fool\\" he sounds so crisp and smooth, you might think he had the assistance of a guest vocalist.<br />Overall, almost as solid as the just-released \\"Sailing to Philadelphia,\\" but because of the album's sheer eclectic nature, it has often been mistakenly labeled as \\"uneven.\\"  Please don't be fooled: Knopfler's decision making is based on his genuine affection for the music, not an attempt to confound the listener.
B00004XQP4|5.0|This is a great CD. It breaks apart from some of what Green Day was in the last album and has a fresh new sound. The songs sound great and are somewhat catchy. If you liked Green Day before you should get this CD, but then of course, everyone should get this CD. Simply put, great.
B00004Y6NX|5.0|If you've recently discovered the remarkable talents of guitarist/singer/songwriter Mark Knopfler through his recent solo effort \\"Sailing to Philadelphia,\\" and have the urge to explore his earlier work with Dire Straits, \\"Making Movies\\" is a great place to start.<br />The band's third outing, released in 1980, is indispensable.  Rolling Stone magazine ranked it among the most important albums of the decade, and it is often considered the band's-and Knopfler's-best work, and with good reason.  It represented a spirit of experimentation in the songwriting that would carry over into much of the Straits' later efforts, as well as his own solo outings.  It was the first time he played all the guitar parts himself (brother David left the band after \\"Communiqu,\\" their second album), and it was also a first to have the substantial contributions of a keyboard player, the E Street Band's Roy Bittan.<br />Coproduced by Knopfler and Jimmy Iovine, the quality of the music is relentless.  The stunning opener, \\"Tunnel of Love,\\" is an epic on an almost classical scale.  The song begins innocently enough with \\"The Carousel Waltz,\\" which sounds just like its title suggests, and suddenly bursts open with Knopfler's signature riffs, Pick Withers' crashing drums, and John Illsley's thundering bass.  The lyrics swirl a myriad of amusement-park imagery at the listener, the perfect setting for its tale of youth, love, and heartbreaking loss.  Unlike many of the songwriter's story/character songs, this one feels oddly personal, as if Knopfler himself is overcome by the poignancy of these memories.<br />\\"Romeo and Juliet\\" is sweetly romantic, while \\"Skateaway\\" is just pure fun.  Although the first three songs are lengthy, they literally seem to fly by, as the soaring, melodic guitar solos and rich textures make you forget about the clock on the wall.<br />\\"Expresso Love\\" and \\"Solid Rock\\" are both equally rollicking numbers, but \\"Hand in Hand\\" brims with sorrow at another relationship starting to dissolve.  The closing track, \\"Les Boys,\\" is a somewhat comedic slice-of-life tale about a gay nightclub in Germany, and proves that Knopfler can be inspired by just about anything. <br />A must-have for any fan of classic rock, stellar guitar playing, and fascinating songwriting, it is an essential addition to any CD collection.  The music has lost none of its punch or relevancy over the years; it sounds as fresh today as it did then.  The soon-to-be-released digitally remastered reissue should be a glorious listen for devotees and newcomers alike.
B00004XONN|4.0|it's hard to listen to at first - the mashing of beats, atonal vocals and pure studio trickery. there's no comparison, no single piece of music released beforehand that could've prepared you for this album. it's THAT much different than any of their past releases that it seems of a different entity. the blazing rock and guitar heroics of The Bends, the lushness and serenity of OK Computer; they all seem lost on this record.<br />the only thing that holds true for Radiohead it seems is intensity.<br />this album is far from perfect - radiohead sometimes take themselves too seriously and the music drags in that respect. at their best, tracks like 'Everything In It's Right Place' and 'Optomistic' rise above the trappings to place you under a hyptnotic spell, swirling beats and pulsing vocals pushing you to a climax.<br />sure, there's going to be a more 'rock' oriented Radiohead album coming out within the next 12 months for those unwilling and unable to digest this album. chock that to radiohead pursuing their 'artistic vision' in lieu of playing mix-n-match to please the kids out there who only get by on MTV and Top40 music. few bands out there care anymore care about the 'album' as a single entity, favoring instead on just a bunch of tracks surrounded by the sure-fire-hit single. Modest Mouse, Blur and Radiohead buck that trend. in an age where trivial pop runs rampant, consider it refreshing when bands like these take the artistic lead without the fear that no one will follow.<br />we don't need any more imitators anyhow.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is by far the most original and amazing album of the year. This is one of the most unique albums I've ever heard, and it's good to the last second. Every song is different from every other song, and they're all good in their own ways. It starts off strong with 'Everything In It's Right Place'  and doesn't let up until the end of 'Motion Picture Soundtrack', after which there is a secret track that sounds like an introduction to another song, which just makes you want to start the whole CD over again, which is not a problem, believe me!
B00004XONN|4.0|it's hard to listen to at first - the mashing of beats, atonal vocals and pure studio trickery. there's no comparison, no single piece of music released beforehand that could've prepared you for this album. it's THAT much different than any of their past releases that it seems of a different entity. the blazing rock and guitar heroics of The Bends, the lushness and serenity of OK Computer; they all seem lost on this record.<br />the only thing that holds true for Radiohead it seems is intensity.<br />this album is far from perfect - radiohead sometimes take themselves too seriously and the music drags in that respect. at their best, tracks like 'Everything In It's Right Place' and 'Optomistic' rise above the trappings to place you under a hyptnotic spell, swirling beats and pulsing vocals pushing you to a climax.<br />sure, there's going to be a more 'rock' oriented Radiohead album coming out within the next 12 months for those unwilling and unable to digest this album. chock that to radiohead pursuing their 'artistic vision' in playing mix-n-match to please the kids out there who only get by on MTV and Top40 music. few bands out there care anymore care about the 'album' as a single entity, favoring instead on just a bunch of tracks surrounded by the sure-fire-hit single. Modest Mouse, Blur and Radiohead buck that trend. in an age where trivial pop runs rampant, consider it refreshing when bands like these take the artistic lead without the fear that no one will follow.<br />we don't need any more imitators anyhow.
B00004XONN|5.0|Possibly the largest obstacle involved in the creation/release of Kid A is living up to the hugely successful and critically acclaimed OK computer.  Worry not, Radiohead manages to do something totally different this time around, and that is simply amazing.  How can one band continually redefine &quot;rock&quot; music? Kid A's rhythmic beauty is not lost on longtime fans, and no doubt, new heads will be turned with this innovative masterpiece. Excellent album, what more can be said?
6301966988|4.0|Ten years can be a long time, and in the case of this movie, it can be a very long time. Although the uncanny romance-science fiction-suspense-horror mix is smooth and consistent, there are certain depressing drawbacks: a few occasions of racial stereotyping and a lost opportunity for a great sequence: when Swayze &quot;returns&quot; through Goldberg's body, instead of allowing both women to kiss, and engage the audience, the movie makers present Swayze seemingly in the flesh, not even superimposed. It was '90, what was the problem? Ultimately, the fine ACTING of Whoopi and Demi make it %100 worthwhile.
0553106635|5.0|Wow, does Martin play for keeps!  By the third book in a six book series, you would think that you had the basic plotlines of the story mapped out, and that you could predict most of the major events.  Not with A Storm of Swords.  Amazing plot twists, fantastic character development, superb dialogue, and a story that moves.  This is no unending saga where the story barely progresses from volume to volume.  Major characters die, and others act in ways that are completely unexpected but always make sense.  So much action is crammed into 900+ pages that I was emotionally drained upon finally finishing -- and reaching the shattering epilogue.<br />This series is not for the feint of heart.  The good guys don't always win, and the bad guys don't always lose.  One particular scene involves a series of horrific murders that are so well-written that the action seems to move in slow motion.  I had to put down the book for a few minutes just to absorb what I had just read, and I know that I am not the only one to have had that reaction.  Those are the moments you hope for when reading -- when the story grabs hold and sucks you in.  Fortunately, its not all grim.  Seeds of hope and hints of better things to come are there, and there are rousing moments when I couldn't stop the smile from spreading over my face.  I've been reading fantasy for 22 years and this is unsurpassed.  Get it, read it.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Once again, GreenDay have proven that they are not just an average punk band. After Insomniac, the band has left their hard-core flares and moved on to new beats and sounds that can embrace a wider audience. &quot;Warning&quot;, &quot;Church on Sunday&quot;, and &quot;Blood, Sex, &amp; Booze&quot;, have a catchy rythm, but still retain their classic &quot;Greenday-sound&quot;.  Gone are the days of pure punk songs, such as &quot;Welcome to Paradise&quot;, &quot;Jaded&quot;, &quot;Sweet Children&quot; and &quot;Geek Stink Breath&quot;. But, that doesn't mean they don't rock anymore. Warning is more like a sequel to Nimrod, where punk rock, swing, and popular rock clash together to form one heck of an album! If you liked their handy work Nimrod, then you'll love Warning!
B00004XONN|5.0|its hard to write a review of something you cannot put into words.  really all i can say is that it is an experience.  radiohead is a band that does what they want and laughs in the face of record-label driven bands.  once again, another completely different album.  their music is different on this album, but the differnce is magic.  only a few bands can captivate a listener every album with a different sound every time.  scratch that, only one band.  if you are a mature enough lister, this album is for you.  otherwise, if you only like creep and high and dry (which are songs i love), then maybe you should stick with your american alternapop.  thanks.
0375707972|3.0|In the late 1950s, Michael Berg, a fifteen year old German schoolboy, meets and falls in love with an enigmatic working-class woman more than twice his age, thirty-six year old Hanna Schmitz.  Thus begins Bernhard Schlink's short, sparely written novel, \\"The Reader\\".  From there, the plot of this best-selling novel is well known.  Berg spends many days with Hanna, reading to her and making love, the mysterious woman becoming the obsession and fulfillment of erotic desire.  Then, Hanna suddenly disappears, leaving Berg's life as quickly and mysteriously as she had entered it.  Several years later, in the mid-1960s, Berg once again encounters Hanna, this time standing trial for war crimes as a former guard at Auschwitz.  His obsession rekindled, Berg's narrative follows Hanna's trial, disclosing her wartime crimes and her \\"secret\\", and relating the austere relationship which continued between them during Hanna's years of imprisonment.<br />\\"The Reader\\" is a little novel which has big aspirations, its austere prose and simple plot suggesting to the reader that there is something more, something unsaid, about the engimatic Hanna.  Unfortunately, Hanna's ultimate \\"secret\\"-her illiteracy-does not bear the weight of Schlink's story, does not adequately explain Hanna's actions.  It may become a wonderful television movie, but \\"The Reader\\" is not the classic work that, for example, George Steiner's profuse praise suggests.  While the first part of the novel, a little erotic fairy tale of the affair between Berg and Hanna, is a concentrated work of spare, lucid prose which \\"hooks\\" the reader,  the remainder of the book is not nearly so good and never carries the weight of the big questions Schlink wants to raise-questions of guilt and love and the relationship between generations in post-War Germany.<br />It is certainly worth spending a few short hours with \\"The Reader\\", an interesting, if not profound, novel with some very good writing.  Just don't expect a modern classic.
B00004XONN|5.0|thom sings the hymns where did the catch phrase from 'How To Disappear Completely and Never Be Found' come from? &quot;i'm not here, this isn't happening&quot; i think it came from Stir Of Echoes. i dont have kids.
0553106635|5.0|A Song of Ice and Fire reaches new heights with A Storm of Swords.  George R.R. Martin has created an incredibly detailed world with rich characters, deep history, and unbelievable political intrigue.  The latest book has more twists and turns than the Colorado River. And I sincerely wanted to find Mr. Martin and strangle him and the end of the book.  I want MORE!
B00004XONN|5.0|After 3 long years of waiting for a new release from Radiohead, the wait has been well worth it.  This album is decidedly different from their previous releases, so if you are wanting OK COMPUTER 2, you are out of luck.  The album has a lot less guitar and a lot of more synthesizer, keyboard and drum machine.  Songs like &quot;The National Anthem&quot; and &quot;Optimistic&quot; are guitar driven, but for the most part, expect the unexpected.  The album begins with the spooky keyboard riff that is &quot;Everything in It's Right Place&quot;. &quot;Kid A&quot;, features Thom Yorke's voice morphed almost beyond recogntion (and certainly morphed enough to completely obliterate the lyrics, but the effect is good). &quot;The National Anthem&quot; starts out with a repetitive but darn catchy guitar riff, but towards the end of the song comes the funky horn section.  &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; is a mellow, plaintive ballad in which Thom Yorke sings woefully &quot;I'm not here/this isn't happening&quot;.  &quot;Treefingers&quot; is an instrumental track that kind of keeps with the mellowness of the rest of the album.  &quot;Optimistic&quot; is the album's most radio-friendly track, but despite that it is still damn good.  &quot;In Limbo&quot; starts out with a funky, almost jazz-like keyboard intro and turns into a more guitar driven track.  &quot;Idioteque&quot; is the first Radiohead song you may be able to bust a move to.  It's very techno-sounding, and vastly different from a lot of their other stuff, but I would say the experiment was worth it and it's a good song.  &quot;Morning Bell&quot; starts out being another more keyboard-oriented track, but later in the song, you can hear Johnny Greenwood's trademark delay wizardry.  &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; is the last track on the album and sounds almost like a church hymn or something.  All in all, &quot;Kid A&quot; is my new favorite album and if you have any musical taste it will be yours too.  Radiohead definitely is looking for a new sound and trying to break away from their previous albums by exploring new sonic territory.  The focus is more on the music and less on the lyrics.  Buy it now, it'll be one the best CD's you will ever buy.
B00004Z511|5.0|Radiohead has, for years, been pioneers; making music that is challenging, enjoyable, and really quite different from anything else on the market. After the huge success of &quot;Creep&quot;, off their first album, Pablo Honey, Radiohead has been trying to shake the one-hit wonder status that was given to them by the media and numbers of fans. &quot;The Bends&quot; prooved that they weren't just a one-hit wonder, and &quot;OK Computer&quot; is rated as one of the best albums of all time. So how does their latest release, &quot;Kid A&quot; rate?<br />It's different, to say the least. For one thing, there are explicit plans not to release any singles from the album, and to make no videos. How does that fit with the music? Perfectly. The album conveys a sense of anti-social paranoia (through the first three tracks especially), and even on the first listen, you've got to give Thom Yorke and the rest of the gang great kudos on the sound. Trumpets blare, organs hum, and peaceful string arrangements toss out a mood that shakes you and tosses you into a world unlike any other you've ever visited. <br />Thom's vocals are at his best, powerful and lonely; on &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;, his cry of &quot;I'm not here/this isn't happening&quot; is truly haunting. It's better than &quot;OK Computer&quot;, albeit a tad darker.<br />This limited edition comes with a &quot;book&quot;; what is essencially (in typical Radiohead-style) pages of abstract art with philisophical ponderings about nothing in the top margins. A definite collector's item for any hardcore Radiohead fan.
6300214028|5.0|\\"Reds\\" is one of my all-time favorite epic films!  This unusual biographical movie recounts the love affair between two Americans who became deeply involved in the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution in Russia. John Reed was a brilliant reporter and an American Communist who not only witnessed and reported the events of the Bolshevik Revolution in late 1917, but became an active participant in them. (Reed, considered a hero to the Bolshevik cause, is the only American to have been buried with honors in the Kremlin during the Communist era of the Soviet Union. Reed authored a memoir of the Bolshevik uprising entitled \\"Ten Days That Shook the World.\\") Louise Bryant was Reed's great love who eventually became his wife.  Bryant, an extremely talented writer in her own right, was also an ardent Communist who participated in the Bolshevik Revolution.<br /><br />Brilliant performances are turned in by Warren Beatty as Reed (Beatty also directed the film, winning the Academy Award for Best Director for his work); Diane Keaton as Bryant, and Jack Nicholson as the Socialist playwright George Bernard Shaw. The film's cinematography is superb, and the screenplay is well paced and finely honed.<br /><br />\\"Reds\\" is a fascinating and chillingly realistic look at the Bolshevik revolution, one of the twentieth century's most turbulent and frightening times.  It's also a great love story.  \\"Reds\\" is definitely a film not to be missed!
B00004XONN|5.0|Just spent the lunch hour listening, and all I can say is that like everything else that is truly good for you - fiction, poetry, the right medication - this music moves us forward.
B00004XONN|5.0|radiohead continues to show the world that there is power and beauty in originality.  Kid A continues an obvious trend of musical superiority and innovation.  Buy this record only if you're ready to challenge everything you feel music is and should be.
B00004XONN|5.0|Just spent the lunch hour listening, and all I can say is that like everything in life that is truly good for you - fiction, poetry, the right medication -- this music moves us forward.
B00003CXE7|5.0|When I went to see the movie I did not know what to expect.  This movie surpassed my hopes.  Russell Crowe, besides being sexy, gave a superior performance.  From the beginning I was thorougly involved in the plot.  When he won his fights it was so hard no to stand up and cheer.  I saw Russell Crowe in the insider, his performance in this film was superior to the insider.  Can't wait to get it when it comes out.  Hope the mail gets it to me fast.
B00004XONN|5.0|Well, I've been listening to this disk for a couple of weeks now off the net, and went out and bought the album this morning (yet another piece of proof that internet music is good for the industry, oh well).  What can you say about this disk, it's awe inspiring.  On my first listen through I barely appreciated it at all, but for some reason couldn't get the melodies (or are they non melodies) out of my head.  Radiohead has created more than songs, they have created a mood, a story, emotion that can be interpreted in so many ways.  Think unconvetionally and you will appreciate this album so much but if you are a hit single type music listener don't bother with this cd cause you will be disappointed.  Or on second thought, buy it anyways cause this album will be a classic.
0452281881|3.0|&quot;e&quot; is a good book - an easy one to devour in one or two sittings, a great beach companion. The book is written consisting entirley of emails between employees at an Ad agency. A new approach to writing (as far as I know) and not entirely unsuccessful. The charcter development is good. I got a real feeling of hate/love for some of them. Although in the beginning I had to keep turning back to previous pages to see who had written what to whom. I would warn that there is a lot of English-ness in this book for US readers. It weaves a lot of the story around famous english/european people who most Americans will never have heard of - &quot;Little &amp; Large&quot;, &quot;Reeves &amp; Mortimer&quot;, &quot;Gloria Hunniford&quot; etc. Overall a good book if you have a few hours to kill on a plane, beach, car ride.
B00004THAY|4.0|I think both of these artists were having a great time recording this cd.  This was a recording of mutual respect.  Great guitar work too.  I've enjoyed it and encourage anyone to purchase the c.d.
B000002TP7|4.0|I always thought Ill Communication was the favorite album besides Paul's Boutique generally, but when I bought it, it didn't appeal to me as much as Check Your Head. Naturally, there's not a single bad song on the album but I like the percussion-based, biting music on CYH more than the full-on-lyrics-based Ill Communication. Yeah, I think that's it. Paul's Boutique remains God.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Athough i haven't yet bought the DVD for Pitch Black, I did see it in the theaters which is where it belongs.  In my opinion the movie was a great sci-fi thriller with an outstanding cast of relative unknowns.  I always admire a filmaker's ability to cast actors who aren't widley known, which really makes the viewer focus on the strenghts of the story and effects instead of being wowed by the star-power.  Vin Diesel played the perfect anti-hero and i hope to see him in alot more movies.  He played the part with such precision, adding his own physical appearance to the aura of a mass-murderer.   The story, while very entrtaining, did have a couple of weak points, not to mention was pretty predictable.  From the opening monologue of diesel's character, you knew right away that he would end up saving their lives somehow.  The irony of your greatest fear being your only hope was just plain as day. Weak points aside, it was a very entertaining movie and plane to get the unrated DVD to see the extra footage!
B00003W8NM|5.0|The DVD has all sorts of excellent features and bonuses, but they can only eclipse the movie Fight Club for so long.<br />Fight Club is neck and neck with my favorite movie The Matrix, which are too much to compare, so I'll forget about that. More importantly, this movie about men seeking a purpose to life through fighting and non-violent revolution (they only fight friendily amongst themselves =). Many questions arise from the narrator (the most versatile Edward Norton) about what he really wants: To continue leading Fight Club after establishment? To participate in worldwide revolution? Can I stop it? This leads to plenty of plot development and twists, in addition to...<br />The philosophy and the assumed answers make this movie a pleasure especially for those searching for answers. In particular, I believe teenagers like me would enjoy this movie immensely if they can understand a plot. Besides the violence you see in the title and advertisements, Fight Club is an insanely intelligent movie. Even my violence-makes-nauseous aunt thought it was great. Ugh, I dunno what more I should say because you need to see it too. I don't see how anyone can dislike or deny its look, feel, or ideas.
0780631684|4.0|Good grief!  Where's the body count at the bottom of the screen?  As a typical teen-audience aimed horror flick, &quot;Final Destination&quot; teeters between the extremely predictable (ok, we KNOW they're all gonna 'get it', now don't we?), and the truly entertaining (the bus scene...you HAVE to see the movie for this reason alone, if for NOTHING else...). The writers and production team must have had a field day planting and plotting the various little, almost subliminal 'clues' throughout the flick...which for me was the highlight, almost reminiscent of old Warner Bros. cartoons, where for example, several fast, whirling edits would reveal all the implements of, say, Daffy Duck's impending doom.  Most of the death scenes have a comic, stumbling 'snowballing' effect to them that works, for the most part (the train scene, however, fell a bit 'flat' for me)....  While my partner was willing to be a tad more 'forgiving' of the movie than I was, I do have to agree with him that it's leaps and bounds above most of the other teen-exploitation nonsense of the last several years.  We both enjoyed it for what it was...sheer entertainment.  It survives alone on it's humor.
B00004XONN|4.0|On first listen, it sounds like a continuation of OK Computer but taken further.  Songs are atmospheric with no real structure but I have a feeling it will grow on you with repeated listenings.  Be sure to find the hidden booklet inside the jewel case!
0440219078|5.0|This book, the Giver, is an amazing book.  It's a story of a child brought up in a world that's completely regulated and controlled by the rulers.  They control climate, color, looks, birth, jobs, choices and even feelings.  They don't allow memory of the past or new ideas for the future.  Everyone is considered equal.  Now, Jonas sees his community safe enough until he recieves the respectful job of the giver.  In his learnings he begins to understand that if anything did happen to his commuity no one would be able to help themselves because they don't know anything about the past or feel actual pain or suffering.  It is up to Jonas to save his community and himself from whatever comes their way.    I rated this book 5 stars because it's extremely original and creative.  The details about life with no feeling or memory are vivid.  I recommend this book to people for all ages because it makes you think of how lucky you are to live in a world with freedoms.
B00004XQP4|5.0|What Up? U like green day????? GET THIS CD NOW!!! U LIKE PUNK???? GET IT NOW- Green Day has done it again. they have come out w/the greatest punk beats ever. this is some good stuff- every1 should check it out. if u liked MXPX's responsibility and all this is 4 u! get it now! SAVE PUNK/ROCK!!!!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Sup, everyone anyone who heard this C.D and didn't like it well there must be something wrong wit you.  This C.D is awesome with 18 riviting songs that just get you going, with all those songs on it you really get your moneys worth.  everything he sings about is right and people that take him really seriously need to chill out for real.  All is explained in song number 3 &quot;Stan&quot;.  The only song on there that i didn't like was the one that he was dissing ICP, cause ICP are awesome, but apart from that this C.D is awesome and if you don't have it then go out right now and get it from Amazon.
B00004XQP4|5.0|What Up? U like green day????? GET THIS CD NOW!!! U LIKE PUNK???? GET IT NOW- Green Day has done it again. they have come out w/the greatest punk beats ever. this is some good stuff- every1 should check it out. if u liked MXPX's responsibility and all this is 4 u! get it now! SAVE PUNK/ROCK!!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is a work of art from one of the most innovative &quot;rock&quot; bands around.  It is absolutely breathtaking.  I'm sure that some of you will feel alienated upon first listen, but trust me, as you return to the album over time, it keeps getting better.  And for those of you that still don't like it, don't worry, a more &quot;traditional&quot; radiohead record will be out next spring (if all goes as planned).
B00004XONN|5.0|I just finished listening to the album for the 3rd time straight through, and it honestly gets better and better every time I hear it. It's quite a departure from their prior releases, and makes a concept album like OK Computer seem pretty normal. Radiohead have raised the bar with Kid A, and this album rocks, plain and simple. While there aren't any bad tracks, &quot;Treefingers, Optimistic, and Idioteque&quot; stand above the rest as great tracks. Odds are if you're reading this review, you're a Radiohead fan, and if you're a Radiohead fan, you'll love this album, so buy it. And look under the cd tray, there's an interesting booklet packed in, full of odd pictures and random words. I'm still trying to figure out what it all means. But that's why I love em.
B00004XONN|4.0|After watching the film Meeting People Is Easy, it was obvious that Radiohead were very uncomfortable with the heaps of praise they were receiving from critics and fans alike. The film was a pretentious, poor-poor-me sob story that made the band, especially Thom Yorke, look less than grateful for finally succeeding as artists. The follow-up to OK Computer was guaranteed to be even more introspective, but how introspective would it be, and could we bear all the complaining?<br />That's a very dangerous thing, since other contemporary malcontents like Billy Corgan and Trent Reznor have taken their obsessiveness with their own neuroses to a highly annoying level, and the result for both has been lacklustre album sales, and in the case of Corgan, the eventual dissolution of his band. The cold, hard, fact is nobody likes a whiner. Would Thom Yorke join Corgan &amp; Reznor as Alternative crybabies? Thankfully, with the release of Kid A, Radiohead deliver a dark, introspective album that is abstract and innovative enough to remain fresh after multiple listens. Best of all, the whining is kept to a minimum.<br />Any listener who is hoping for more Dark Side-inspired guitar rock had best go elsewhere (the wonderful band Travis have taken that torch). With fewer and fewer true innovations in modern rock music, Radiohead have managed to combine an amalgam of styles to complement their already established sound. Minimalist keyboards reminiscent of Philip Glass, the free jazz of Ornette Coleman, the ambient sounds of Brian Eno, and the avant-garde electronica of Laurie Anderson and Krafftwerk can be heard on Kid A.<br />Kid A's abstract quality is the album's key ingredient. Gone is the bare-bones, open-wound songwriting that characterized OK Computer and Radiohead's previous masterpiece The Bends. Yorke remains introspective, but now it's like there's a cold, impenetrable veneer coating his lyrics. He'll tell you what's on his mind, but now he keeps the listener at an arm's length. The fame he was trying to deal with in Meeting People Is Easy is the catalyst for the lyrics, but Kid A is not about the Fame Problem. It's much darker than that...forget about the Dark Side Of The Moon; Kid A  is a black hole of emotional torment and paranoia.<br />The abstract feel and randomness of Yorke's lyrics takes on a William S. Burroughs quality, forming poetic collages very similar to Burroughs' cut-up experiments: \\"yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon...there are two colours in my head...we got our heads on sticks...what's going on?...you're living in a fantasy...women and children first...ice age coming...they fed us on little white lies...\\"<br />Are there standout tracks on Kid A similar to `Paranoid Android', `Karma Police', and `No Surprises'? Not really. `Optimistic', `How To Disappear Completely', `Idioteque', and `Motion Picture Soundtrack' are the most instantly memorable, but Kid A's best track is its most bizarre. `National Anthem' begins with a thrumming bass line and shuffling drums that stay the same for the entire song, very similar to the modal jazz of Miles Davis &amp; John Coltrane, with distant horn fills swirling in the mix. Yorke then comes in in a slightly electronically-altered voice singing \\"what's going on?\\" before baritone saxophone riffs not unlike Dana Colley's output with Morphine comes in, and from that point, the song explodes into a collision, or fusion, of free-jazz and rock.. The end result is breath-taking.<br />The album will not have any singles, but if it did, `Optimistic' would be the obvious choice. `Optimistic' is probably the most accessible song on Kid A, the one true `Radiohead-sounding' song that will make longtime fans take heart that Thom hasn't gone the way of Syd Barrett. Yet. A dark guitar riff, organ, and a hypnotic tom-tom beat propel the song while Yorke waxes bleak once again: \\"Flies are buzzing around my head/Vultures circling my bed/Picking up every last crumb...I'd really like to help you man...If you try the best you can/The best you can is good enough...\\"<br />Upon the first listen, Kid A is not easy to digest at all, but if you let it sit in your cd player for a few weeks, it takes on a beauty, a stark, dark, dank, grotesque beauty, much like Miles Davis' Bitches Brew and William Burroughs' cut-up masterpiece book The Soft Machine. Kid A is not for everyone, and will alienate a large percentage of listeners who bought The Bends and is expecting another `High And Dry' or `Fake Plastic Trees'. Radiohead is risking career suicide by releasing Kid A, but their demise is highly doubtful, because this album is one of the most innovative rock albums in recent years, and Radiohead is a band at its artistic peak. True Radiohead fans will adore this album.
6300246787|5.0|I like this movie more each time I see it.  Barbra may be miscast, but she's hilarious and sings the score better than anyone else can.  The rest of the cast is fabulous too.<br />Message to the reviewer John in Portland: &quot;The Music Man&quot; beat &quot;West Side Story&quot; for the Tony in 1957; &quot;Dolly&quot; won the Tony in 1964 (and Carol Channing in Dolly beat Barbra in Funny Girl for Best Actress in a musical).
B000001E8P|5.0|Different Class is an album that flows together well without any odd or misplaced tracks... its charm is hard to deny or resist, as unpredictable frontman Jarvis Cockers ironic and original Britpop gets its hooks into you. Lyrics are cleverly quotable; vocals ooze sarcasm and seduction (sometimes whispering, sometimes soaring).  Cocker sings in \\"Pencil Skirt\\", \\"I know that youre engaged to him, and I know you want something to play with, baby... (AH...) Ill be around when hes not in town, Ill show you how youre doing it wrong... I really love it when you tell me to stop...its turninme on...\\" Very tempting with its abundant references to revelling in infidelity, \\"Watch my conscience disappear now baby...\\" In \\"I Spy\\" Cocker goes on to coo in his signature whisper, \\"You see, you should take me seriously, very seriously indeed, because Ive been sleeping with your wife for the past sixteen weeks, smoking your cigarettes, drinking your brandy, messing up the bed that you chose together, and in all that time, I just wanted you to come home unexpectedly one afternoon, and catch us at it-in the front room...\\" Later in the song he adds, tongue-in-cheek, \\"My favourite parks are car parks, grass is something you smoke, birds are something you shag, so take your Year in Provence and shove it up you're a**e\\". The album, with its \\"Common People\\" hit for the masses and its rather interesting story of the history of a bed, and the teasing, sexy \\"Underwear\\" and its final \\"Bar Italia\\", is a triumph of Oscar Wilde-like, \\"I can resist everything but temptation.\\"
630589938X|4.0|Cujo to me is unlike any other Stephen King film, or book for that matter. Personally I am one of those people who honestly thinks that most horror films are jokes when it comes to genuine scares or thrills. In Cujo there aren't many, if any at all, but the story itself is interesting enough to make it a quality film. Now don't get me wrong, not everyone is like me and this movie can and does deliver on the scares for some other people I know who have seen it. The story moves rather quickly as the downward spiral for the tragic title character (dog) is set right from the opening scene. The acting is average for the time (1983) and the plot sometimes leaves you wondering..What the hell?...While not classic King horror..I.E. &quot;The Shining&quot;, &quot;Salem's Lot&quot;, &quot;Christine&quot;....it won't dissapoint many horror fans...Give it a try!
B00004XONN|5.0|well they did it again (but not the same) Radiohead doesn't repeat their music, they come a little bit different and they come out big and sound great Definetely the best CD that came out in the last few years and the few to come...
B00004YLIU|5.0|Brilliance as usual.  I can't praise 'Kid A' enough. However, people who are only casual fans of the band may not get into the album because it's the least guitar driven work they've released to date.
B00004Y2QT|5.0|If you are a prince fan and you want to add the ultimate quality Prince performance to your collection then look no further.... The picture and sound quality is about the best that I have seen, the performance is as you would expect - outstanding and range of songs is just right.
B00004XONN|5.0|Just when you think they might take over the world with their next release, Radiohead makes the most uncommercial record by a major band in recent memory.  With the possible exception of &quot;Optimistic&quot;, there is not a song on here that could pass for a radio friendly hit single, an outstanding achievement.  <br />I was lucky enough to find a retail clerk willing to part with this a day before its official release(I just couldn't wait).  I've listened to it only a couple of times as I write and its one of those records that you will put on four years from now and still find something you missed.  I am hard pressed to recall any lyrics at this point as Thom's voice is altered frequently and buried in the mix with no lyric sheet provided.  This is a good thing as it allows the listener to make their own interpretations of what these songs are about.  <br />The music is magnificent.  Keyboards and synths dominate throughout with strings and muted guitars filling in the empty spaces.  Space is a key word here because it sounds like this record was made somewhere on the planet Radiohead and delivered here for our gradual acceptance or dismissal.  There is not really anything on here I would put on a mix tape for someone because this stuff just does not go together with anything else I own.  I'm sure I'll feel the need to review this again in a few months after I've become more familiar with the music because right now I'm only treading the surface of this deep ocean of a record.  Its almost trance-like.  The band may turn away a small portion of the listeners they've accumulated over the past several years, but its a bold statement that Radiohead are chasing new and different sonic landscapes.  So you can join them for the ride or get off the spaceship now.
B00004XONN|5.0|I loved OK Computer - and I went and bought this right away on the day of its release. I didn't know what to expect - but was hoping for something like the OK Computer album. It's not at all like OK Computer.<br />I can't describe it - but I highly recommend it if you are one who likes new experiences. Open your mind, close your eyes and listen - its simply unbelievable that ART like this can be created for your ears.
B00004XONN|5.0|Well, they've done it. They've successfully avoided making a grandiose followup in the vein of OK Computer. In fact, this sounds nothing at all like a direct progression from that album. It's almost as if this is an album from a Radiohead in an alternate universe that somehow slipped into ours. From the opening, cut up vocals of Everything In Its Right Place to the white noise rush of the hidden closing track, it's clear that they've made something almost completely new and have totally reinvented themselves. How to Disappear Completely has the best use of strings I've ever heard in a Radiohead song. The music-box effect in Kid A is wonderful, as is the drumbeat. In fact, the percussion all throughout the album is wonderful. My favorite track by far, though, is Idioteque. Its combination of spliced together, seemingly stream of consciousness lyrics and heavy techno percussion works wonders. I'm going to stop gushing now, because the album speaks for itself well enough. Enjoy it.
078324228X|1.0|After you finish watching this movie, you'll want to punch yourself in the face. You'll be fighting your way back to the video store to return this \\"insightful\\" movie. <br />Directed by Norman \\"I Can't Direct\\" Jewison, this cornball of a picture had dialogue written straight from a comic book.  Okay, so it wasn't about boxing but about the life of a man wrongfully accused of murder and spending years in prison. Let me tell you something about these so-called \\"true\\" movies. Next time you watch one of these \\"factual\\" movies, read the disclaimer that is something like \\"some events were changed and some characters were added.\\" Even if it doesn't read that, it'll have something like \\"based on a true story.\\" \\"Based\\" means anything. My belief on these \\"based on\\" movies is the person actually existed, but everything in this story could be from slightly altered to fantasy.  Personally, I think this hoodlum did it, but leave it to Hollywood to make a bad guy a good guy. <br />I'm very happy about one thing in watching this kamikaze movie-I didn't have to pay for it, I got it from the library. But still, I did waste valuable gas driving there. Oh why do I do these stupid things. Anyway, back to the movie. <br />According to this movie, Hurricane (Denzel) finally gets his freedom after some Canadian hippies get the evidence to release him. On the DVD, one of the bonuses is Director Jewison giving insight to the movie. Then there are those scenes that didn't make it. Well, both these \\"bonuses\\" were as worthwhile as brushing your teeth with glue.  Jewison, wherever you are, haven't you caused enough pain? <br />So if you like fight movies, don't watch this. But if you like survival stories, still don't watch this. But if you really need to see a movie, read a book instead of watching this. But there are those Denzel fans who'll watch any movie he's in, but I don't think they'll want to watch this. <br />On a scale of 1 to 5 punching bags, I give it a 0.
0440219078|5.0|I read The Giver when I was 13 years old and to this day (I'm now 18) it has remained one of my favorite books of all time.  This book is frightening in its cold portrayal of the future; horrifying in its descriptions of emotionless, ignorant people, yet it is an ultimately touching, eye-opening story. Lois Lowry's straightforward, simple writing style makes it possible for people of almost all ages to read The Giver; her interwoven themes of unrelenting hope and love in a lost, scared community make The Giver an absolutely necessary read.
0440416027|4.0|Almond's 'Skellig' is truely remarkable. Who wouldn't like their own guardian angel!  A wonderful insight into Michael's mature handling of the issues of love, friendship and more importantly his sister's possible life and death situation.
B00004XQP4|5.0|The long awaited Green Day album is finally here, and it's amazing! Each track could be released as a single in its own right thanks to the careful lyrics and guitar riffs you'll be humming all day.  Buy it now - you won't be disappointed!
B00004XONN|5.0|This is a great new CD from Radiohead. Every CD from the band has explored new sonic territory, and Kid A is no different. Songs weave in and out, tempos change and flow, and the lyrics are often whispered and sampled. Kid A sounds like the future - check it out today!<br />Scott
B00004XONN|5.0|Every music critic in the World is waiting to lay into this album, and many are ready to trash it before they even hear it. Forget them for a minute, and listen to this album without expectations. Let the processed vocals slither thoughout your listening room. Let the Autechre-esque sputter and skitter of &quot;Idioteque&quot; surround your space. Most importantly, forget what you hear from the critics- including me. Listen to this masterpiece with your own ears, and decide for yourself. They've done it again. Utterly brilliant.
B00004XONN|3.0|OK let me first say that I can't believe I'm the first customer to review Kid A.  Whatever.  <br />I've only listened to the CD once and my initial impression is that it is definitely not the sort of music that immediately grabs you.  OK Computer had some gems the very first time I heard it but the more I listened to it, the better it got.  Some of the songs I initially dismissed became much more important to me than those that first impressed me.<br />With Kid A, IMHO, Radiohead has moved closer still to music as an art form rather than as a means to entertain.  Kid A requires some work on the part of the listener.  Of course this isn't a bad thing, but I do think a lot of folks will get this, then not get it (if you know what I mean) and put the CD away to collect dust.  The only song that jumps so far is Optimistic.  Most of the songs were abstract, layered, with Thom's vocals fading in and out.  Beautiful for sure in an ambient, background music sort of way.<br />When all is said and done, however, I have no doubt that on repeaet listens, Kid A will reveal its secrets to me. Until that time, I withhold my final judgement.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Why this album is shunned and looked upon poorly is beyond me. As with many CDs, it took several listens for me to finally get into it, but when I did I found a great collection of songs.<br />The almost funny thing that many of us didn't know was that Pearl Jam was on the brink of breaking up at the time this CD was released and &quot;No Code&quot; is medical lingo for &quot;Do Not Resuscitate.&quot; However, the band pressed on and is still making great music today. That's a good thing, too, because they're one of the few.<br />Instead of worrying what the charts and the critics thought, Pearl Jam released an album that wasn't concerned with producing radio hits or releasing a collection of &quot;Jeremy&quot; and &quot;Corduroy&quot; remakes. What we, the fans, got were a collection of introspective and reflective songs that reach a different place when compared to any other Pearl Jam album. From the opening track of &quot;Sometimes,&quot; we get the hint that this one's going to be a standout in the pack. There are also flavors of the band's time jamming with Neil Young on such tracks as &quot;Smile&quot; and &quot;Red Mosquito.&quot; This album also spawned such great concert favorites like &quot;Hail, Hail&quot; and &quot;Off He Goes.&quot; So, in the end, it doesn't matter if the radio plays it or not, the fans will still know it and appreciate it.<br />For some reason, I am reminded of Led Zeppelin IV when I look and listen to &quot;No Code.&quot; Maybe it has something to do with the cryptic album concept and design. Hint: You should unfold the album packaging when you have it and look deep into it for the hidden image...you'll see what I mean. Maybe it also reminds me of Zeppelin because Pearl Jam has taken a strong approach to acoustic here and ventured into new ground. Maybe it's because they're just as dynamic and stand out as the defining band of a decade.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I just got this CD today and it rules! I ALMOST own every Green Day album and this definetly is a worthy addition to the collection! Okay, now into more detail. My personal favorite tracks are Warning, Fashion Victim, Marcy's Day Parade and Minority. I know this sounds kind of corny, but this CD is a lot more cheerfull sounding than any of their other albums. It doesn't have some of the same hardcore punk-rock sounds that were quite obvious is some of their earlier stuff, but they still did an awesome job. I know that the four year wait between Nimord and Warning was nearly impossible to live through for all of the die hard Green Day fans out there, but this CD sure made it worth while. I just hope they hurry up a bit more with their next one. But untill then, I'll just have to listen to Warning over and over again untill I memorize every lyric and guitar riff so that I can recite it in front of all of my friends untill they come to hate me and start beating me over the head with blunt objects to try to get me to stop. GREEN DAY FOREVER!!!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|A daring and bold new album from RADIOHEAD. Very ambient and very conceptual, this is the kind of album that will be misunderstood in the beginning and then hailed a masterpiece. I`ll be ahead of my time and rightfully call it a classic!
B000002UA0|5.0|Dark Side of the Moon- I thought nothing could come close to beating it as number one Pink Floyd album. Then I picked up Saucerful of Secrets and a certain Piper at the Gates of Dawn, and my opinions on Pink Floyd changed. This is the only Floyd album that comes close to dethroning Dark Side of the Moon. From start to finish, this album is great. Every song is a gem and a classic in my opinion. Here are the songs and a brief description of each.<br />1. Astronomy Domine- One of their best. The cool guitar combined with the echo effects make for a very creepy sound.<br />2. Lucifer Sam- A very catchy song. Very fast paced with cool lyrics and sound effects.<br />3. Matilda Mother- One of their best slow songs. Syd Barrett's lyrics are some of his best, and they outshine the already great music.<br />4. Flaming- A cool song with neat thoughts (travelling by telephone, riding unicorns) helped along by Syd's great melodies.<br />5. Pow R. Toc H.- A great spacy song with cool sound effects and Rick Wright's catchy piano melody.<br />6. Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk- Not Roger Waters' best song, but the music is great. The lyrics need a little help,  though.<br />7. Interstellar Overdrive- Ah, the pinnacle of the record. Cool sound effects, eerie organs, Syd's guitar, the surround sound effects, what more could I say?<br />8. The Gnome- A very fun song. Syd shows his childish self to full extent in this one.<br />9. Chapter 24- A song that could have passed as a poem. The lyrics are great and the music is cool, especially the organ.<br />10. Scarecrow- Another playful Syd song. Short and sweet.<br />11. Bike- Syd's brink of psychosis. A great song with a catchy tune and awesome sound effects.<br />All in all, a great psychedelic album, much better than Sgt. Pepper. Buy, buy, buy. Syd's lyrics and songs are excellent. We miss Syd.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I was interested enough to rent this on DVD.  The one good thing I'd say about the movie is DVD is the medium for this.  There are some good scenes, well shot, well lit, that come across more powerfully on DVD.  That and you can zip right to the parts where Nicole Kidman is nude (if you like).<br />Story<br />This has a semblance of a story about a doctor who is drawn into a web of betrayal through his wife.  Okay, it's not that interesting.  The motivations for the characters are odd, some of the premises while credible are uninteresting (big orgy in mansion, whoo!).  But it's VERY uninspired.  It's as if Kubrick has slept through what's been going on in cinema for the past 30 years and thinks this is a &quot;cutting edge&quot; script.  It's not.  It's tamer than &quot;American Beauty&quot; and far less original.<br />Acting<br />I'm sure Tom Cruise is a nice guy and he does have some fine accomplishments in his career, but this movie is not one of them.  He always seems - &quot;earnest&quot;.  And that's about it.  This may be the director's choice (a bad one), but so be it.  Ms. Kidman is a little more interesting, yes even clothed. That may also be because we see less of her character on screen.  But the performances are extremely unremarkable.  Not bad, but flat and lukewarm like a glass of cola that's been sitting out for a day or so.<br />Pacing<br />With a story that is neglibly coherent and uniteresting characters, the movie plods along - attempting to dazzle (damn, everything sure is lit up in that sensual orange glow, what you couldn't afford more than one color gel?) and attempting to shock (ooh, sinister disappearances, and that mean man pimping his daughter).  Towards the end of the movie, I just skipped ahead, hoping something would happen, some justifying moment.  It didn't.  And yes, I do watch slower-paced, serious movies from time to time.  This one simply didn't earn the commitment required to watch it.<br />The Rating<br />This is not the WorstMovie you'll ever see.  A reasonable rating would be a 2.  However, given how hyped it has been, it needs the deflating.  Kubrick brought a lot to the cinema and movie goers owe him their gratitude for his skills and creativity.  Just not for this movie.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has come a long way since the days of 'Creep'.  Along the way they have brought us undeniable pop songs such as 'Fake Plastic Trees', experimental rock epics such as 'Paranoid Android', and out and out rock masterpieces 'Everyone Can Play Guitar', 'Iron Lung', and 'Karma Police'.  Now they can add Outer Space sound scapes worthy of Aphex Twin.  'Kid A' warps Thome Yorke's voice around a sound that is not of this world.  There are no masterpieces here, there are no radio friendly hooks, no choruses that lend themselves to screaming at the top of your lungs as that of 'Creep'.  Instead, this album swallows you whole and doesn't let you out until the last alien sound several minutes after the last song is over.  I listened to this album three times yesterday.  The first time, I was taken aback by the sound and how unlike a band it sounded.  The next time was in my car, and I tried to listen to Thome's lyrics.  I just couldn't get it.  Then the third time, I put my headphones on and laid down in a dark, cold room and just let it take me away.  If I didn't understand the first two times, I did after the third.  This is not an album to listen to, this is an album to experience.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|It is an understatement to say that I love Bjork's music, from the earliest pieces to her latest, she is truely a genius, who in America is still underrated and underappreciated. It usually takes a couple of times to adjust to the style of her newest releases ( her sound is always evolving) , but this cd had me sitting absolutely still to hear every sound and beat, I was completely enchanted. I really believe that you will not be able to take this out of your player for at least a week! <br />  There are some fun and fabulous backing vocals from : Catherine Deneuve , Thom Yorke , and Siobhan Fallon. The sound quality and orchestrations are fantastic. Hopefully I've summed this up for you-it is fabulous!!
0780631684|4.0|This was the first time that I bought a movie based on friends recommendation.  I wanted to see it in the theater, but missed it.  I am happy to say that I really enjoyed the movie and the few features that were included on the DVD.  The features may be few in quanity, but are unique in quality.  Besides the norms, there is a &quot;Death Clock&quot;, that after you answer a few questions, it will tell you, up to the day, when you will die.  I know its only for fun and based on medical facts, but its kind of cool, too.  The other unique feature is the actual test that was created, in the 50's, I believe, to see if people have any psychic abilities.  There is a series of 60 questions, based on the &quot;symbol&quot; cards that I am sure you have all see at one time or another.  After answering the questions, you will be told if you have the &quot;third eye&quot;.  Apparently, I don't, which is a shame, it would save me $8.00 a pop at the theaters for movies that stink!  Ok, for those of you who haven't seen it, a quick synopsis.  A high school kid going on a school trip discovers that he has psychic abilites when he sees the plane blowing up.  He manages to get himself off the plane along with some other students and his teacher.  That turns out to be a mistake as death does not like to be cheated.  The rest of the movie consists of him trying to figure out how to interpret his visions and hints to save his friends from deaths' grasp.  Very original and suspenseful, a great movie.  Oh, I almost forgot, there are two deleted scenes linked to an alternate ending included on the DVD.  All in all, if you have seen the movie and liked it, buy it.  If you haven't, take a chance and buy it, its worth the average price tag.  Enjoy the movie!
B00004XONN|2.0|Let's get one thing straight...this is not a rock album.  I'm not sure what this is.  Just when everyone thought Radiohead was going to take the title of &quot;World's Biggest Band&quot;, they release Kid A.  Kid A is a very difficult record to listen to.  Actually, I barely made it through my initial listening.  Why you may ask? Because there is little or no structure to the songs and there is little or no melody to the songs.  I'm not even sure I would call them songs.  They are more like jagged electronics with vocalist Thom Yorke wailing over them.  The only selections I found listenable where : &quot;How To Disappear Completely and Optimistic&quot;.     Now don't get me wrong, I'm a huge Radiohead fan and I hope this CD will grow on me with repeated listenings, but &quot;The Bends&quot; or &quot;OK Computer&quot; this CD is not.  The band may have finally let their ambition get the best of them.  Reportedly, Radiohead is to release another album in 2001.  Hopefully there will be more songs in the traditional sense on that one.  In the meantime, I eagerly await the new U2 album, which so far sounds great.
B00003CX95|5.0|This was one of my favorite movies, so there was no doubt that I would be purchasing it.  The transfer was great.  The special features were few, but nice, especially the documentary.  This was definately a classic of our time, so there isn't much more to say.  If you like the movie, you will LOVE the DVD, it is beautiful.  Reserve a place for it in your collection and go buy it now.  Enjoy!
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead's KID A is a giant step afar from OK Computer and the Bends, and light years away from Pablo Honey.  Radiohead goes on a different journey, releasing soundscapes, mood ballads based on the theme of OK COMPUTER, only it's about the 21st century when it's too late, and people asking, &quot;WEll...what the f**k are we supposed to do now?&quot;<br />Be warned that at the first lesson you may want to be burn it.  Those of us who wanted another OK COMPUTER are going to hear the exact opposite.  But this is a KID A album, not &quot;the album by Radiohead&quot; or &quot;that album with How to Disappear Completely&quot; on it.  But after a few listens, you will break free from the first-listen monotony and &quot;what is this?&quot; feeling to hear one of the most ambtious and beautifully sonic things you've ever heard.<br />But, let's just hope that Radiohead doesn't pull a KID A 2 next spring.  I do want them to go back to do what they are good at: regular singing (the singing bleeds through the soundscapes here), Jonny Greenwood guitar, Phil's melodic drums, and so on.  I want an OK COMPUTER 2 next spring.<br />Enjoy the 10 songs on here, plus the 2 secret songs.  And like it for its truth, not because it's from Radiohead.
B00004TFK3|5.0|Wow!  This limited edition isn't limited in features.  Disc one has the wide and full screen versions, visual commentry with Barry Sonnenfeld and Tommy Lee Jones and a technical audio commentry with Sonnenfeld, Rick Baker &amp; the ILM team; this feature is exclusive to the limited edition version.  Throw in the standards like the sound setups: English 5.1, english 2-channel (Dolby Surround) and french (Dolby Surround) and subtitles that include english, french, spanish, cantonese and mandarin, and that wraps up disc one!  Disc Two is loaded!  I can't list them all or I will use up all my space, so I will list the major ones.  There is a 3 scene editing workshop which allows you to become the filmmaker, so to speak.  You get to edit 3 chosen scenes that were filmed in a lot of different angles and then watch the final cut.  Sonnenfeld will also descibe his own editing process.  Next, there is a Edgar bug fight scene deconstruction using different angles.  Then you have &quot;concept to creation&quot; creatures feature and art and production photo gallery.  There are extended &amp; deleted scenes, storyboard comparisons, a documentary, a music video, DVD &amp; web links, trailers, talent files and more!  Whew! I said there was a lot, and as you can see, I wasn't exaggerating.  Throw in a booklet and letter from Sonnenfeld and small poster which may be signed by the artists and you have a DVD with enough features to keep you entertained and busy.  Quickly, the transfer was beautiful and, of course, the movie is great.  This movie was one of my favorite Will Smith roles.  Aside from the comedy woven into the script, the special effects were great!  This is a must have for any fan of the movie or comic book!  Enjoy!
B00004Z511|5.0|Anyone who's been listening to Radiohead for while will tell you that it's been a long strange trip, but worth every minute of the ride.<br />Now before we get to the actual album, let me say this at the onset.  Radiohead is the most inventive and creative band of the 90s and they have already assured themselves a place in the history of Rock music with a string of great records. Starting out with Pablo Honey, which in retrospect seems a million miles away from their last 2 albums, every record they make has has upped the ante.  1997's OK Computer if in my opinion one of the top 3 albums of the decade and one of the top all-time rock albums.<br />Now Kid A will be a mind bender for most people listening to them for the first time.  But Radiohead fans who have traveled with the band through their albums will realise that Radiohead has taken what they did on OK Computer a couple of steps further.<br />Kid A is immersed in electronica, and I mean this in a good way.  Full of instrumental pieces, interludes and organ loops, this album is a fascinating listen.  &quot;National Anthem&quot; and &quot;Optimistic&quot; are the only songs that come close to The Bends era of the band.  Kid A grows on you with every listen and immerses you in it's sonic landscapes and weird rythms.  I really liked &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; and thought that it set the right tone to start the album.<br />All in all this is an excellent record by the band, although I would still rank &quot;OK Computer&quot; as their best yet.  And Kid A is definitely not an ideal introduction to a new fan who will be better off listening to The Bends.  But Kid A still stands out as a fine piece of work from a great band, and definitely the Record of the Year so far.
B00004TRD8|5.0|What do you get when you take a sci-fi classic and the technology of a DVD...a great addition to anyone's collection!!  This DVD is loaded, over 6 hours of content!  You have everything they could put on it: Two featurettes, &quot;The Making of T2&quot; and &quot;T2: More than meets the eye&quot;.  They also have a making of the MCA/Universal theme park attraction.  They have features that cover every detail of the movie, from make-up to visual effects.  You have cast and crew information, teasers, trailers, entire screenplay and over 700 overboards.  The technical features include the widescreen format of the theatrical and special ediition version and sound setups which include Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround EX, DTS 5.1 ES and Dolby Surround 2.0.  There is even an audio commentary featuring 26 members of the cast &amp; crew!!  Amazing!  Needless to say, the transfer is wonderful and the added footage in the special edition is really spectacular.  This movie is a sci-fi classic and every fan should pick this up and the low price makes it easy to do.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I was blown away to say the least after I first heard this album.  Billie Joe and the boys really outdid themselves this time.  Don't expect to hear a dozen 2-minute songs of them whining and ranting about this and that like the other albums.  This album really demonstrates how they've matured as musicians and songwriters.  There's a lot of acoustic guitar, horns, harmonica, and other non-typical Green Day stuff.  I especially liked the refreshing and melodic track &quot;Church on Sunday&quot;, the unusual waltzy-sounding &quot;Misery&quot;, and the mellow ballad &quot;Macy Day Parade.&quot;  If you're craving the old traditional Green Day, then there's the punkish &quot;Minority&quot;, &quot;Castaway&quot;, and &quot;Blood Sex and Booze&quot;.  The band really expanded their music and their abilities with this diverse collection of songs.  I highly recommend this album to anyone, even those of you who don't know Green Day.  If you're a fan of good music, you'll like what you hear.
B00004XQP4|5.0|When I wanted to buy this cd, I was'nt sure if I should get it, I mean Green Day are good, but there are much better. So I downloaded some songs, and I liked it, so I got it, and i think it is one of the best cd's that came out this year! If this trio keeps it up, they will surpas any band that you liked.  My advise is to get this cd, while the prices are 20$ under what it should be! way to go Green Day! keep up the good work!
B00004XONN|5.0|This record was more than worth the wait. The expectation was very heavy on whether this record could match the brilliance set by their last, OK Computer, but indeed it does match it. This record will win over the praise of most major reviewers for the fact that it takes musical risks, and has them pay off time and time again. It will also win the respect of fans that were not sure what to expect. Some fans did not know whether this would have enough uniqueness or whether it would try to retread on the themes that were used in their last record. This record proves that Radiohead is a band that has the ability to stay around for years to come, adapting their music in a way that will allow them to survive in the already ever-changing music world, and to make the sounds unique to their own band. This is a definate buy for all the true fans, and for the sceptics that are unsure what to expect.
B00004XONN|5.0|Ah, how one longs for the days of gatefold album covers and vinyl when product such as &quot;Kid A&quot; comes along. I yearn for holding a real album in my hands, with everything (musically and materially) that such a statement implies. The miniature packaging of compact discs has never been so inappropriate as in the case of the landmark &quot;OK Computer&quot; and its worthy, perhaps superior successor &quot;Kid A&quot;. As in the case of &quot;OK Computer&quot;, Radiohead have gone and given us another majestic album, with emphasis on the word 'album'--a true document, with a wonderfully consistent vibe and thoroughly integrated aesthetic.<br />The popular chatter and buzz on &quot;Kid A&quot; is that it spins Radiohead into terra incognita with respect to its immediate predecessor. Allow me to diverge from that opinion--&quot;Kid&quot; feels like the most natural mutation of &quot;OKC&quot; one could imagine, growing out of sonic progression that began with the pulsing rhythmicity of &quot;Airbag&quot; and steadily ground down to the wafting, drifting beauty of &quot;The Tourist&quot;. Sonically, &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; is the next perfect step, the logical extension of the end of the previous opus. This is like the second half of a double album whose first installment happened to be released three years ago. Don't get me wrong; &quot;Son of OK Computer&quot; this ain't. This is its offspring, the product of its own internal genetic experimentation.<br />&quot;Kid A&quot; seems to waft our from the CD player, draping the listener under sheets of atmosphere. But Radiohead haven't eschewed traditional songcraft, they've discovered something new to do with structure and melody. If this is the direction Radiohead has chosen, I'll continue to follow.<br />A masterpiece.<br />Enjoy...
B00004XONN|5.0|Ladies and gentlemen, I cannot think of any catchy quotes to open this review. I cannot tell some anecdote or major event in history to lay as a foundation for my thoughts. Sorry, I do not have any stories about waiting for eighteen hours in the freezing rain for Radiohead ticket because they changed my life forever.<br />However, that said, I cannot name you one album that resembles Kid A. It is unlike any work released this year, and is sure to set the tone for all music that proceeds it. Yes, like it or not, this album is the future of music.<br />Notice I say &quot;music&quot; and not &quot;rock,&quot; because Kid A breaks out that latter framework in soaring style. We do not even hear a single familiar guitar until the fourth track, &quot;How to Disappear Completely,&quot; which also happens to be the album's high point. The bulk of the remaining material sees plenty of loops, distortion, and the ambient production work that would make Brian Eno proud. &quot;The National Anthem&quot; drips of Miles Davis' signature chaos, while the title track would sound more appropriate chiming from a children's music box than from my stereo. Maybe fans of Radiohead's previous rockers, especially The Bends, will feel a bit left behind by all this bold innovation, but even that album layed the groundwork for what would eventually become Kid A. It is less an artistic leap than it is the next logical step after OK Computer. The only allusion I could make would be U2's Passengers Project: a deeply experimental album that built off an undisputed masterpiece. <br />The key question, though, is whether it's an improvement. Well, there are a few weak points. &quot;Treefingers&quot; is at its worst an uninspired instrumental, and believe it or not, &quot;In Limbo&quot; grew OFF of me. Those who once thrived on Thom Yorke's dada writing style will be surprised by the minimal lyrics behind many of the songs. But these are minor qualms. As &quot;GenChildren&quot; closes off the album ina burst of angelic energy, even those who usually turn in disgust at the idea of avant garde statements will feel oddly in touch with the music. Yes, Kid A may lack the gospel singing of Aretha Franklin or the density of Bob Dylan, but that's sort of the point. Radiohead have redefined soul for the 21st Century. Better get used to it while you can.
B00004XONN|5.0|Ah, how one longs for the days of gatefold album covers and vinyl when product such as &quot;Kid A&quot; comes along. I yearn for holding a real album in my hands, with everything (musically and materially) that such a statement implies. The miniature packaging of compact discs has never been so inappropriate as in the case of the landmark &quot;OK Computer&quot; and its worthy, perhaps superior successor &quot;Kid A&quot;. As in the case of &quot;OK Computer&quot;, Radiohead have gone and given us another majestic album, with emphasis on the word 'album'--a true document, with a wonderfully consistent vibe and thoroughly integrated aesthetic.<br />The popular chatter and buzz on &quot;Kid A&quot; is that it spins Radiohead into terra incognita with respect to its immediate predecessor. Allow me to diverge from that opinion--&quot;Kid&quot; feels like the most natural mutation of &quot;OKC&quot; one could imagine, growing out of sonic progression that began with the pulsing rhythmicity of &quot;Airbag&quot; and steadily ground down to the wafting, drifting beauty of &quot;The Tourist&quot;. Sonically, &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; is the next perfect step, the logical extension of the end of the previous opus. This is like the second half of a double album whose first installment happened to be released three years ago. Don't get me wrong; &quot;Son of OK Computer&quot; this ain't. This is its offspring, the product of its own internal genetic experimentation.<br />&quot;Kid A&quot; seems to waft our from the CD player, draping the listener under sheets of atmosphere. But Radiohead haven't eschewed traditional songcraft, they've discovered something new to do with structure and melody. If this is the direction Radiohead has chosen, I'll continue to follow.<br />A masterpiece.<br />Enjoy...
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day's 6th album Warning is a very different album from the previous 5 albums, mainly because they have grown up.  There aren't any songs about hating someone and hoping they die, or about the girl at the library.  The songs are much calmer, and somewhat comparable to the beatles(most of them).  I'm not much of a Beatles fan, but i love this album.  But some advice before listening to the album, don't go into it expecting another Insomniac with hate filled rants(not ragging on those, they were awesome), and you should have no problem enjoying it.  It's probobly not their best album, but it's still an awesome cd, and I would reccomend it to anyone.
B00004Z511|5.0|You can always excpect the unexcpected from Radiohead.  While the music on this CD is nothing like their former work, it has the same addictiveness as OK Computer and The Bends; it just keeps getting better and better each time I listen to it.<br />If you are excpecting another &quot;OK Computer&quot; you'll maybe be a bit disappointed with this album, but if you give it a chance you'll see that it is just as brilliant, although the music is completely different.
B00004XONN|5.0|First just let me say this CD is amazing for any of those that are wondering.  Next let me say don't expect anything like OK Computer, or any of their other CDs.  Just as OK Computer was much different from The Bends, Kid A is in a class of it's own.  Guitars are not a large part of this album as they were in the other three major albums.  This CD has a lot of organs, samples, and just weird ambeint noises--but with Radiohead, it sounds amazing.  <br />This CD is also different than the other three in that you can't just listen to one song at a time.  The CD needs to be listened to as a whole to completely enjoy it.  The first time I listened to it I was kind of taken a back, but now...mmm, I see it as nothing less than another Radiohead masterpiece.<br />Innovative and beautiful, this CD belongs in everyone's collection.
B00004XONN|4.0|This is a great album (it took long enough to get here) and I think that its a must for electronic, and rock fans alike.  I would have put 5 stars, but there is no way it has the forward thinking and creativety that OK Computer showed the world of music.  You knew technology and the digital world was going to influence the album, and that fine.<br />I really have enjoyed hearing it, and I suggest purchasing on Vinyl while its still available, I have seen ok computes for 50 to 60 on ebay because of the limited pressing #'s.
B00004XONN|5.0|First just let me say this CD is amazing for any of those that are wondering.  Next let me say don't expect anything like OK Computer, or any of their other CDs.  Just as OK Computer was much different from The Bends, Kid A is in a class of it's own.  Guitars are not a large part of this album as they were in the other three major albums.  This CD has a lot of organs, samples, and just weird ambeint noises--but with Radiohead, it sounds amazing.  <br />This CD is also different than the other three in that you can't just listen to one song at a time.  The CD needs to be listened to as a whole to completely enjoy it.  The first time I listened to it I was kind of taken a back, but now...mmm, I see it as nothing less than another Radiohead masterpiece.<br />Innovative and beautiful, this CD belongs in everyone's collection.
0393038912|5.0|In one compelling volume, the famous biologist Jared Diamond tackles the most important question of global history:  Why did Europeans come to dominate the New World? <br />This question has been answered by others before; Diamond's idea that Europe's geography is the cause (&quot;geographical determinism&quot;) has also been proposed before.  Any student of history can drag up a case or two of this thesis.  Baron Montaigne, for example, proposed that Europe's primacy stemmed from its superior government, which could be derived directly from the coolness of its climate.<br />The deep significance of this book is that Diamond's thesis is not simply idle speculation.  He proves that the Eurasian land mass had by far the best biological resources with which to develop agricultural societies, and was thus more able to form large, coherent, and powerful social entities.<br />To support this idea, Diamond introduces thorough set of well-researched data on what kinds of plants and animals are necessary to support a farming society.  He investigates the biological resources available to potential farmers in all parts of the world.  The people of Eurasia had access to a suite of plants and animals that provided for their needs.  Potential farmers in other parts of the world didn't-- and so their fertile soil went untilled.  <br />After establishing this strong foundation, Diamond falls into repeating ideas about the formation of large-scale societies.  These ideas, while unoriginal, are still compelling, and Diamond presents them in a very clear and well-written way.<br />His other major original contribution comes when he discusses the diseases that helped the Old World conquer the New.  Building on his earlier chapters dealing with Old-World domesticated animals, he shows that these very animals were the sources of the major plagues (such as smallpox) which virtually annihilated New World populations.  The fact that Old Worlders had immunities to these diseases was a direct result of their agricultural head-start.<br />Along with these monumental contributions to History, this book has its drawbacks.  If you're looking for a narrative explaining Great People, Great Events, or Modern Ideas, you will be sadly disappointed.   Diamond's thesis offhandedly assumes that it is difficult to believe Shakespeare's plays or Newton's laws could have been written by hunter-gatherers.<br />If you are looking for reasons why Europe came to dominate the world, rather than, say, China, Diamond presents mixed results.  He mentions the 14th century self-isolation of China, but does not analyze it.  He also brings up the odd theory about the relationship between the coastline lengths of Europe and China and trade potential; this idea is provably wrong.<br />If you are looking for a book that explains the world's history of the past 500 years, look elsewhere.  Guns, Germs and Steel exhausts itself by effectively, coherently, fundamentally, definitively, and entertainingly explaining the preceeding 15,000.  <br />I do not hesitate to recommend this book to anyone with an interest in world history.  The scholarship is first-rate, and the thesis is incredibly significant.  The technical details, while complete, are presented in a very easy to understand way, and Diamond's writing style is fun and engaging.  It fully deserved the Pulitzer prize.
B00004XONN|5.0|i view this cd as a magnificent work of art- notice the booklet doesn't have lyrics; i believe that this cd is for listening pleasure and not exactly something you can just sing along to. my favorite tracks are everything in its right place, morning bell, how to disappear and in limbo. thom yorke has done it once again- anyone who likes the electronic-mixer type music should definitely get this album. anyone who is not a radiohead fan already will become one with this album if thats the style music that you like. its completely different from their first two. i highly recommend it
0394806220|5.0|I purchased this book simply because it was ranked number 1 in the childrens books section. I do not regret purchasing this for one minute. It keeps my 10 month old son well entertained and we have to read it at least 5 times first thing in the morning and just as many times again in the evening before bed. &quot;Mr Brown can knock...&quot; has become a favourite with my son knocking on anything he can when this page comes around.<br />In fact, the book is so well read that I am now having to order another copy for ourselves, as well as further copies as gifts for other children on the Islands.<br />Well worth it!
B00004XONN|5.0|At first listen you may wonder why you paid [the price] for this CD. However, after your 2nd and 3rd listen you start to wonder why you didn't pay more.  Rarely do gems like these come along where you don't appreciate the aesthetic beauty and creativity right away, only soon to realize that what you possess is something that will captivate you at every listen.  Whether you throw this on as background music, or blair it out through your stereo, you will be hurled into many different and extreme moods, not unsimilar to that of there previous album &quot;OK Computer&quot;. Though the two CD's differ greatly in the end, the wait was well worth it.
B00004XONN|4.0|Acessibility was never Radiohead's thing, and Kid A is as cryptic as ever. But each listen allows you to inch closer to what Radiohead was embracing--or rather avoiding--during Kid A's recording. The album is meticulously crafted, perhaps so much that it's painful. You never hear it, but you can still feel the tension and precision that went into each note, each distortion. Kid A goes far. It pushes boundaries, but it never crosses them. no matter how expansive its sound seems, it always seems insular. It's a controlled experiment with set variables.  Don't get me wrong. This album is beautiful. But I suppose something has to give--even in an album that is post-rock perfetion. This will haunt me for awhile, but thinking of the pressure that the band must have been under makes me grateful that we even have one. Hey, if I had to follow up on an album that &quot;saved rock,&quot; I'd be sh**ting in my pants too. But I sort of wished that Radiohead would have let themselves go this time... errr.<br />p.s. Oh, if you can get your hands on the limited edition release, grab it! It's a picture book with CD insert. ooh... ah... pictures.
0140157352|1.0|This will never work in government. YOu need a book more like &quot;STAYING AT NO&quot;. There is no reason why the government has to treat any of it's employees any better than slaves. Congress says so and gives little if any &quot;rights&quot; to it's workers. You DON'T have to negiotiate anything because the only thing the employee can do is sulk, die or quit .
B00004XQP4|4.0|The melodies are what always made Green Day special. Billie Joe could write a helluva song. He still does. On this album, new instruments and sounds are used, but Green Day is still there. The electric guitar has been replaced mostly with an acoustic yet the songs where Green Day has wanted to make it sound punk, they succeed. Things work out well even with the more experimental songs, such as Misery. Green Day have made yet another catchy, fun, and great album.
B00004XONN|5.0|It's too hard to review this album. I've tried several times but I just can't seem to say everything in the most apropriate way. I think I'll be simplistic.<br />Kid A is great. It will never be a myth like Ok Computer but it's a great album. A future reference in ten years time as this album is completetly ahead of its time. You will not be able to like it at first, but you will start loving it slowly... and finally, be up there with your Dark Side Of The Moon from Pink Floyd, your Radiohead's Ok Computer, your Nirvana's Nevermind.<br />Radiohead is always evolving, and I just can't wait for more from them...
B00000JPYQ|5.0|In a decade that produced some of the greastest live albums in Rock history, this one stands out.  There is not a song on it that does not improve on the studio version.  All has been said in the other reviews, almost.  People are so busy writing about Schenker and Mogg that they're over looking one of the better rhythm duos of the 70's. Parker, who is seriously under rated, and Way, may not individually stand up to some of the greats, but you put them together and you have something special.  These guys set the stage for the fireworks of the front men.  Listen to the sample 'Let It Roll' for a small taste of what I mean.  Without them I think this CD wouldn't be nearly as SOLID as it is.  GREAT ROCK!  My tastes have changed over the years, but I still pull this one out on a regular basis.
B00004X01U|1.0|Madonna has changed, unfortuantely, for worse.  She might be good at re-inventing herself and her music, yet not for her latest release &quot;Music&quot;.  If even one song will come close to the kind of music from previous release &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, I would have given an extra couple of stars.  The one and only star goes to &quot;What It Feels Like Being a Girl&quot; and the rest (of the album) is just filler and bunch of noise.<br />It's OK to play around with electronic music yet Madonna's tinny , hollow, and dull voice is just way too disappointing and annoying.  Title track &quot;Music&quot; is such a pity that it fades in impact after a few listenings.  The rest is filler.  The entire CD is a concoction of voice manipulations and background cacophony a.k.a *noise*.  What has happened to the &quot;True Blue&quot; Madonna?
B00004XONN|5.0|This is an album that's finally more than just a collection of really good songs. It is a return to what we love (at least I do) about 70s. Robert Fripp, Peter Hammill, and the best of art-rock are back by Radiohead '21st_century-70s_back' album.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is long and boring for probably all of you:<br />I looked in my case of CDs recently and realized that all of the CDs in it I had bought after I bought OK Computer. Before OK Computer, I was a casual music listener, with a small amount of CDs, and not too many opinions on what good music was. I then received OK Computer as a gift. At first, I didn't think it was that special. Some good, some terrible. I kept listening, and I realized that there was so much more in the CD than I first saw. The lyrics, as I started to pay attention to them, were so much more meaningful than anything I heard before. I then saw the music as a background for the great lyrics. At that point, there was no turning back. I saw that there was so much more to be found in the world of music, and after listening to OK Computer until the CD was visibly worn, I moved on.<br /> First, I completed my Radiohead collection, none of which topped OK Computer for me. Then, I heard lots of people compare Radiohead to Pink Floyd. I then got Dark Side of the Moon. To me, it sounded nothing like Radiohead, but I loved it. Subsequently, I gathered lots more Pink Floyd discs. Along the road somewhere, I discovered Portishead, who blew me away with their film noir trip hop. From my fanaticism of Radiohead, people were aware of my love for 'intellectual' music, and introduced me to Laurie Anderson and similar avant-garde workings. That landed me a group of Laurie Anderson CDs and a massive cache of Philip Glass. Glass re-fueled my interest in classical music, and I picked up a bunch of Gustav Mahler. With Glass and Anderson came Brian Eno. Then, my friend then introduced me to Mogwai and through them I discovered Godspeed You Black Emperor! After making many connections to my favorite CDs, I found King Crimson and picked up two of their old discs. <br /> About that time, word was spread of October 3rd. OK Computer sent me on a 2.5 year musical journey. I've learned a lot and have been to some seriously &quot;far-out&quot; places (Floyd, Eno, Mogwai, Godspeed), and some frighteningly close-to-home places (Floyd, Portishead, Anderson, Glass, and King Crimson). I'm glad to be back. All I have to say is, &quot;Thanks, Radiohead!&quot;<br /> Now about Kid A. While it obviously can't impact me more than OK Computer, it definitely deserves its 5 stars. Kid A is a beautiful record. Everything in its Right Place is a great opening track. It is subdued yet in-your-face at the same time. I love Kid A simply for the opening bell sounds, which remind me of a song from my favorite movie, Pi. The National Anthem is a great song. When I first heard the saxophones come in, I was thinking &quot;Yeah. King Crimson.&quot; Its so frantic and great. How to Disappear Completely is completely beautiful, especially with the strings and lyrics. Treefingers-oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Complete ambient feel. Nice. Optimistic is great, kind of reminds me of Airbag in some spots. It segues into In Limbo, which is similarly great. Idioteque was a refreshing techno-ish song with great vocals. Morning Bell is a delightful song that just feels good. Motion Picture Soundtrack is as beautiful as How to Disappear Completely, and a great closing piece. Even the backwards-type atmospheric treatment at the end is beautiful.<br /> How does it stack up against OK Computer? Well, lyrically, I doesn't do it for me as much as OK Computer. How to Disappear, Idioteque, and Motion Picture Soundtrack are great lyrically. Actually, most of the songs are-but it just doesn't have the lyrical impact of OK Computer. In addition, it lacks the conceptual flow of OK Computer (which actually doesn't really flow in terms of Dark Side of the Moon flowing, but it sure feels like it). However, Kid A soars higher than its predecessor. OK Computer was atmospheric, but Kid A is interstellar. The music gets to my inside a lot more than Computer did, and it takes the listener to a more remote place than Radiohead have been before. Radiohead have changed with my musical taste. Kid A is more intense, experimental, textured, and hard-to-swallow than anything the 'Head have thrown before, but I like it and I don't care if you mark this review unhelpful. I'm a happy &quot;camper&quot; and that's all that matters.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is an album that's finally more than just a collection of really good songs. It is a return to what we love (at least I do) about 70s. Robert Fripp, Peter Hammill, and the best of art-rock are back by Radiohead '21st_century-70s_back' album.
B00004YLIU|5.0|I started my fascination with radiohead when O.K. Computer came out, and have been waiting for a new album ever since. this album will meet and excede the expectations of every Radiohead fan. Specifically, tracks 3, 4, and 10 are simply magnificent. Radiohead has furthered their talents by leaps and bounds in the three years since the last album, and it shows. the songs have become more musically beautiful, technically demanding, and undoubtedly represent where new music should be heading in the new millennium. this album is a must have for all radiohead fans, and if you're not, it will make you one.
B00004YLIU|5.0|Radiohead strive for new territory here, and they succed, releasing quite possibly their most brilliant album to date.  Their electronica influence is far more aparent here than on any other album, and it shows on the etheral soundscapes of &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; and &quot;Treefingers.&quot;<br />&quot;Ideoteque&quot; may be their best song ever.  &quot;Optimistic&quot; will receive heavy radio play.
B00004XONN|4.0|Yo, open the back of the tray up...:)
6304806418|5.0|\\"Evita\\" is more of an opera than it is a musical, which is to say that unlike \\"The Sound of Music\\" or \\"Fiddler on the Roof\\" you do not have any scenes with spoken dialogue.  Such scenes are important in those particular film versions because it is through dramatic action rather than songs that the seriousness of the Nazi occupation or the Tsar's pogroms are brought home to the audience.  But even without such opportunities Alan Parker's film version of Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice's \\"Evita\\" is a beautiful spectacle that is as well grounded in history as it is in the songs.  Darius Khondji's luscious cinematography is as much the star of the show as the music, whether he is depicting the grand pageantry of Evita's funeral or the stark figures of two people dancing a confrontational waltz.  You will want the widescreen version of this film.<br />The real Evita Peron has always reminded me of Marilyn Monroe, in that I never really thought either woman was particularly attractive in the photographs I saw of them.  But when I saw actual film footage of either Evita or Marilyn (the original stage production of \\"Evita\\" did this especially well in the Rainbow Tour sequence) I could immediately tell these women had \\"it.\\"  By such a standard Madonna is an apt casting choice.  Her singing is not quite up to the score, but it is up to the character of Eva Peron.  Besides, the fact Madonna managed to convince the President of Argentina to let her sing \\"Don't Cry For Me, Argentina\\" from the balcony of the Casa Rosada pretty much tips the balance of judgment in her favor as far as I am concerned.<br />Ironically, given that I insist on characterizing \\"Evita\\" as an opera, I am arguing that unlike a performance at the Metropolitan Opera the voice is not the primary consideration in evaluating the performances.  Antonio Banderas is certainly the most pleasant surprise in the film, and his performance as Che Guevara needs to be seen as well as heard because it is more a matter of the actor's attitude than his more than adequate singing voice.  Jonathan Pryce underplays the role of Juan Peron more than his theatrical counterparts, but that is certainly more in keeping with the tone and tenor of the film.<br />Alan Parker was the perfect choice to direct this film, since his resume includes both reality based musicals (\\"The Commitments,\\" \\"Fame\\") and dramas (\\"Mississippi Burning,\\" \\"Midnight Express\\").  The controversy over how much credit Oliver Stone deserves for his screenwriting aside, the adaptation of the stage version is superb.  The use of two \\"new\\" songs (one is from the original studio album with the lyrics changed to cover the growing unrest in Argentina instead of Che's dream of inventing a new insecticide) helps to transform \\"Evita\\" from a theater piece into a cohesive film.  Critics of the musical have argued \\"Evita\\" is a glorification of fascism, but there is less reason to make such a charge against this movie, where political slant of the film slowly but surely strips away the pretense of the rags to riches story.<br />The DVD version, while as excellent a pairing of picture and sound quality as you are going to find, has el zippo grande in the way of extras, which is an absolute shame.  It took longer for the film version of \\"Evita\\" to be made than it did \\"Gone With the Wind\\" and the story behind the making of this film is almost as interesting.  There will features about the making of \\"Evita\\" that could have been included, as well as the music videos or some mini-documentary on the real Eva Person, and certainly the commentary of the director would have been especially interesting given the storied history of this production.  Hopefully we will see such treats down the road.er of the actor's attitude than his more than adequate singing voice.  Jonathan Pryce underplays the role of Juan Peron more than his theatrical counterparts, but that is certainly more in keeping with the tone and tenor of the film.  <br />Alan Parker was the perfect choice to direct this film, since his resume includes both reality based musicals (\\"The Commitments,\\" \\"Fame\\") and dramas (\\"Mississippi Burning,\\" \\"Midnight Express\\").  The controversy over how much credit Oliver Stone deserves for his screenwriting aside, the adaptation of the stage version is superb.  The use of two \\"new\\" songs (one is from the original studio album with the lyrics changed to cover the growing unrest in Argentina instead of Che's dream of inventing a new insecticide) helps to transform \\"Evita\\" from a theater piece into a cohesive film.  Critics of the musical have argued \\"Evita\\" is a glorification of fascism, but there is less reason to make such a charge against this movie, where political slant of the film slowly but surely strips away the pretense of the rags to riches story.<br />The DVD version, while as excellent a pairing of picture and sound quality as you are going to find, has el zippo grande in the way of extras, which is an absolute shame.  It took longer for the film version of \\"Evita\\" to be made than it did \\"Gone With the Wind\\" and the story behind the making of this film is almost as interesting.   There will features about the making of \\"Evita\\" that could have been included, as well as the music videos or some mini-documentary on the real Eva Person, and certainly the commentary of the director would have been especially interesting given the storied history of this production.  Hopefully we will see such treats down the road.
B00004XONN|5.0|KID A is explosive and soft.  It's surreal and futuristic.  It is a wonderful achievement of modern music.  Hailed as 2000's answer to &quot;The Wall&quot; by Newsweek, KID A is all that and more.  From the beginning keyboard and repetition of the first track, &quot;Everything in it's Right Place&quot; to the end track full of harp and soothing voice, &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack,&quot; KID A penetrates the mind to new depths.      Don't trust me though.  If you liked early radiohead more than OK computer, you'll hate KID A.  It's several jumps forward from the last album and if you don't expect that jump, it might take a few listening sessions for KID A to catch on.  Most of it is a mix of &quot;fitter happier,&quot; &quot;The tourist,&quot; and &quot;Airbag,&quot; but it's also sweet and serene.  At first, you think you won't like it, but you will.  In all it's strange and creepy sounds,  you will...
B00003CXDU|5.0|As a ravenous Trekker and fanatical SF fan, I was dubious about a spoof, however well-written. I was stupid. This is the funniest movie to be churned out of Hollywood in recent years--and it's only PG!<br />&quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; was a popular cult SF show years ago, but now the stars do little but appear at conventions and sign autographs. Delightfully Shatnerian Jason Nesmith (Tim Allen) is approached by perpetually smiling aliens the Thermians, who believe that the adventures of the &quot;Protector&quot;'s crew are recorded real adventures. They ask him to help them defeat the hideous insectoid General Sarris--in a real, constructed starship &quot;Protector.&quot; Thrilled out of his pants, Nesmith brings along his initially unwilling friends to save the galaxy!<br />Tim Allen shows that he's an excellent actor OUTSIDE of sitcoms, so like Shatner that it's simply uncanny. The voice, the delivery of lines, even the rather inflated ego are all there.<br />Sigourney Weaver plays Gwen DeMarco, who is frustrated both by her small role on the show and the fact that all interviewers have ever asked her was about her bust size. A combination Counselor Troi/ Lieutenant Uhura, she basically repeats what the computer says. She explodes in frustration at one point: &quot;I have one job on this ship--it's stupid, but I'm gonna do it, okay! &quot;<br />Alan Rickman wears an alien head as Alexander Dane, a cranky actor who hates always being second fiddle and resents Allen and his role throughout the movie. Tony Shalhoub drifts innocuously through the movie, paying only marginal attention to the amazing events around him.<br />Daryl Mitchell plays a grown-up Wesley Crusher character, who was piloting the ship at the age of ten. Sam Rockwell plays a truly unique role--he was a redshirt who got killed on the alien planet of Episode 81, and now believes that he's going to die because his character doesn't have a name. Enrico Colantoni plays the leader of the Thermians, whose vacant grin and singsong speech patterns steal all his scenes... &quot;Weeeeee... need your help.&quot;<br />There are a million funny moments and in-jokes that Trekkers will notice: The ship scraping against spacedock, Nesmith rolling around in preparation for action, Guy freaking out because he's a redshirt and he's doomed to die, Nesmith losing his shirt during a fight to display his manly chest, Gwen yelling because of her small role, ridiculous obstacles in the bowels of the ship, and so on.<br />Perhaps the funniest part of it all is the Thermians, who have formed their culture around the adventures and friendships of the Galaxy Quest crew. Wouldn't it be great if that were true?ant grin and singsong speech patterns steal all his scenes... &quot;Weeeeee... need your help.&quot;<br />There are a million funny moments and in-jokes that Trekkers will notice: The ship scraping against spacedock, Nesmith rolling around in preparation for action, Guy freaking out because he's a redshirt and he's doomed to die, Nesmith losing his shirt during a fight to display his manly chest, Gwen yelling because of her small role, ridiculous obstacles in the bowels of the ship, and so on.<br />Perhaps the funniest part of it all is the Thermians, who have formed their culture around the adventures and friendships of the Galaxy Quest crew. Wouldn't it be great if that were true?
0452281881|4.0|I read this book cover to cover in one sitting one evening. It consists solely of the emails sent between a fictional London based Ad firm and some of it's suppliers. The faint praise and petty politics of the employeees of the firm are bared through the email system - if wires could talk, in this book they do. The touch is light enough to raise a smile and perhaps a titter every now and then without it being quite a rollercoaster of fun. Intriguing to think of all the evidence of schmoozing and damning lying within the corporate email system. This book demonstrates nicely what gems lie within the office LAN. Undoubtedly truth is stranger than even this at times warped fictional account.
B00004XONN|5.0|I downloaded the first 8 songs of this album about 2 weeks before it was released. This CD stayed in my CD-player for the following weeks untill the official version was released.<br />The songs on the much anticipated follow up to the wonderfull OK Computer are like the next logical step in Radioheads musical journey.<br />Opening song Everything in it's right is an eclectic and atmospheric hymn with an irresisteble electric piano loop and a weird delay scratch effect on Thoms voice. I was fortunate enough to see the live version during a concert and it was almost Underworld like. The most conventional song is How to dissappear completely. It's the perfect funeral theme with Thom squeling &quot;Im not here, This isn't happening&quot;. Sadness and emotion just poors out and almost makes you cry. Idioteque really is something new. A hard and edgy electro beat is backed up with a beautiful chorus full of one line screams and thought bubbles (&quot;take the money and run&quot;,&quot;this is really happening&quot;). The title song Kid A is also something special. Thoms voice is heavily processed with a vocoder like ring to it. The beat is almost fully electric and the melodies are looped and cut-up (a bit like Kraftwerk in the distance).<br />Kid A is defenitely the most electronic and overall strange album Radiohead ever made. But nonetheless I love it. I really really love it. It still has the moody, dark and depressive atmosphere and Thoms vocals are still full, edgy, emotional and stunningly beautiful. It still makes you get a rope and hang yourself from the nearest tree. But in a positive way. Just listen to it and don't judge it the first time. Just let it soke and the beauty will be clear.
B00004XONN|5.0|Fans of Radiohead have come to expect the unexpected, and Kid A certain won't disappoint.  On first lesson it comes accross as challenging and not so 'user-friendly'.  To anyone who give this a quick listen at a listening station or even online, I'd urge you to buy the cd and give it a few more spins.  Like a good poem or great painting, this cd takes time to appreciate.  You have to give it time to permeate your mind, and after a few times, it will really get under your skin and into your soul.  The convergance of electronice/ambient music with more traditional rock has long been a goal of artistis trying to push the limit (brian eno, david bowie, etc) - but with Kid A, Radiohead finally delivers a cd that casual rock fans and Radiohead fans alike can appreciate.  <br />Kid A is so far, easily, the best album of 2000 - not an easy prize to win.  But Radiohead's constant risk taking, not conforming to the 'rules' of today's pop and rock markets (to drive the point home even harder, there are to be no official singles or videos for Kid A) further proves why Radiohead is truly the most daring and brilliant band today.<br />Whether you love it or hate it, Kid A demands you listen and think.
B00004XONN|5.0|I didn't think that any CD could come close to the power that OK Computer displayed in 1997, but Kid A is just as or even more dynamic.  It really displays a new world of music with a futuristic sound and an audio delite to your ear.  At first you may find it to be a little too avant garde, but keep listening...it's sensational!
B00004XONN|4.0|I never understood this album until I saw them live.  You probably won't understand it either, at least until you listen to it many times.  Most likely, it will never click with you, but if it does, it will open doors for you.
B00004XONN|5.0|It would be ineffective to say that this is yet another excellent and innovative album by Radiohead. That way only Radiohead fans would give it a chance.<br />The main thing is that this album is so diverse, it is influenced by so many sources, that the group of people it should interest is much broader than might be expected.  Already in the previous album (OK Computer) we could see that Radiohead is not a rock band that follows rock conventions, i.e. the regular drum-base-guitar triangle.  This time we can hear the influences of such artists as Myles Davies (listen to The National Anthem), Brian Eno (as can be heard in Treefingers), and, as Thom Yorke admitted in an interview, nearly the entire back catalogue of Warp Records (such acts as Aphex Twin, Red Snapper, Squarepusher, etc.) - meaning a strong electronic influence. <br />The album opens with the new sound of Everything in its Right Place, which makes me think what a Buddhist chanting would sound like if spoken by a robot. How to Disappear Completely is breathtaking in its simplicity. Optimistic is a 'band' song. Most of Radiohead's concerts opened with this one.<br />I won't go over all 10 tracks.  No singles or videos will accompany the release of Kid A. Just sit on the floor of either an empty room or a really overpopulated humming one, put the biggest set of headphones on and immerse yourself in the sounds. <br />And after you do that, rip out the black plastic on which the CD is placed in the casing. You'll find a hidden booklet full of useful information waiting just for you. Donwood, joined by Tchock this time (the creators of the eerie design) continue to keep us alert.
0780626478|4.0|I thought this movie was good because it was a new idea, Fraser is Brilliant, I'm a fan of Alicia Silverstone and she didn't do that bad (though she's better in Clueless) and the sets are authentic and well done.  I also liked the way they showed the ground above the shelter changing over the years.
B00004Z511|5.0|Stranded in Hawaii.  Haven't heard this yet but we ALL know it's going to change the world.  Oh yes.
B00004XONN|4.0|You have never heard an album like this before. You have never heard music like this before. Do you dance to it? Drive your car? Have a drink? Go to sleep? Who knows. Whatever it is, forget all your other lists, this is the official album of the millenium. Is it good? Yes. Will it change your life? No. Could it change the direction and revitalize rock music? Quite possibly. I could continue to write a review, but I have no time to be pretentious and no way to describe what this album is. What I do have is time to listen to this album; over and over and over and...
6304712936|4.0|Be aware that while the picture quality &amp; sound on Amadeus is exceptionally good - the disc is a 'flipper'. You'll have to turn the disc over 1/2 way through the movie. No reason for this except studio laziness since even Braveheart fits on one disc side. FYI, you also have to flip Riverdance too.
B00004XONN|3.0|...at first glance. some songs are hauntingly enthralling, like eveything in it's right place, and kid a, but others are almost tedious.<br />the wonderful tracks that &quot;the bends&quot; and &quot;o.k. computer&quot; were full of seem to be missing here. i can't pop this disc in the car, and sing my lungs out to just, or sulk, or airbag. there just isn't a track with any REAL vocals in the old radiohead form. the album is almost instrumental.<br />pick it up if you're a radiohead fan, but either way, it's not going to be your favorite RH disc.
6304308396|5.0|This is a great film that is (despite winning a best picture Oscar) too often overlooked when people speak of Wilder. Many people claim that &quot;Some Like It Hot&quot; is Wilder's funniest movie. From my perspective, however, &quot;The Apartment&quot; should have that claim. &quot;Some Like It Hot&quot; seems to me today to be outdated, with many of the jokes and situations falling flat (the man-as-woman joke has simply been worn into the ground over the past 40 years). &quot;The Apartment,&quot; however, is amazingly funny--especially considering its subject matter: corporate scheming and corruption, adultery, suicide, loneliness and individual despair. It is a bitterly funny movie, but one with a great deal of warmth and pertinence as well. The scenes between Lemmon and McClaine are wonderful, of course, but Lemmon's scenes with the doctor next door are equally good. What makes this film work is that everything is based in real world experience (sometimes painfully, sometimes hilariously so), and rarely does it goes over the top.
B00004XONN|2.0|If you're in love with Radioheads previous works of sure genius you might be dissapointed here with Kid A.  This is a new adventure for the group putting away their driving drums for looped drum beats, melodic guitars for casio keyboards, and passionate vocals for whimpers and moans.  Don't excpect to hear anything like Ok Computer here or other great recordings from the past like &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; and &quot;Creep&quot;.  I think they spent more money on the pull out sleeve than the making of the recording itself.  If you have the cd you'll know what I mean.  Yes, add it to your Radiohead collecttion like I did but also watch it collect dust on the cd rack.   Kid A is a Kid D-
B00004XONN|4.0|The reason you listen to Radiohead has a lot to do with whether or not you'll enjoy Kid A. Tracks like the title track are a long way from Pablo Honey's guitar-based Creep, and the electronic glimmerings present in OK Computer are out in full force on Kid A.  If you're more a fan of Radiohead's stellar songwriting, you won't be disappointed. But it can be hard to pick the lyrics out of the electronic soup of organs and drum loops, and that is regrettable. Some of the standouts are The National Anthem, which will worm its way into your head with a standout bass line and chaotic horns. How to Disappear Completely is haunting with Thom's hypnotic vocals and languid strings. Optimistic belongs on a \\"Best of\\" CD.  On the down side Kid A is long way from Pablo Honey, and the odds of anyone not familar with the band getting interested based on this CD are slim to none. Kid A is moody, highly experimental and makes no attempt to make the uninitiated fall in love with it.  For those who were fans of OK Computer however, this CD is a logical follow up, and an overall success.
B00004XONN|4.0|Quite unlike anything I have ever heard before.  I don't even really know what to call such defiant, ambitious, and vastly unique album.  It can't even be described effectively as &quot;Radiohead&quot;.  The structure of the songs has been broken and fragmented to such a degree that it was difficult to comprehend the scope of what I was hearing.  I had a hard time believing that I was even listening to what I had previously known to be \\"music.\\"  The guitar, the personification of rock music, has been traded in for keyboards, samples, harps, saxophones and a motley assortment of electronic beeps, clicks and hums, beautifully orchestrated into a kind of futuristic madness that somehow makes sense in the end.<br />     I can't say outright that Kid A is good or bad, but one thing that can be said for sure is that this is an interesting, important and perplexing swarm of sounds that deserves repeated listening.  This is an album that has to be experienced independenly of any expectations.  One listening cannot yeild anywhere near a precise opinion of this music.  I've listened to it six times in the past twelve hours and I still don't know what is going on, which is a good indication of just how obsessive, engrossing and vitally important this album is.
0553274503|5.0|This is absolutely the most important book I ever read in my life.  &quot;Travels&quot; by Michael Crichton comes close in some ways,  but basically this story is one of the most gripping I've ever encountered.  It has been a short story, a novel, a movie, a Broadway play, and (I think) forms the basis for the 70s song &quot;What's it all about...  Char-liiieeeeeee...&quot;   Daniel Keyes drew upon Plato's cave allegory for a lot of the basic structure of the tale. ..<br />Keep a box of kleenex beside you as you read this.  Charlie Gordon is a retarded man in his 30s, who is selected to be the subject of a new, highly experimental technique which will triple his &quot;intelligence&quot;.  What he does with the intelligence, and how he deals with it, are up to him, and he certainly runs into a lot of problems.   I think in some ways, Keyes is not only writing about the relationship of the individual to capital-K &quot;knowledge&quot;, but also about how we can get along with each other when we are all at different levels.  Charlie's newfound, firey compassion for others in his old position, e.g. a retarded boy working in a restaurant who gets mocked, is compelling.  You will want to meet Charlie Gordon, you can't help but respect hm as he grapples with major human issues...  I first read this as a child, I would guess I was 9 or 10, and at that age I was most impressed with the &quot;coolness&quot; of the idea -- you can watch Charlie's intelligence climb steadily as he improves his spelling with each successive &quot;progris riport&quot; he writes.  As an adult, I appreciate the different models of Mind that Keyes was playing with here, and how Charlie comes face to face with one human problem after another.  The story also has a lot to say about the basic human drive to understand the universe and his place in it.  I think this book could be quite inspiring to people with learning disabilities -- the image of Charlie totally flunking out of school, but then years later sitting still in a library, flipping pages of books at one page/second as he reads about the etymology of ancient languages, Hindu history, calculus, etc...   It's just so inspiring.  Good things happen to him because of his will to keep pushing himself, but also because he is naturally thoughtful, even when retarded, and likes to be reflective....  The ending will make you cry, I guarantee it.  I was sort of reminded of the servant that Caesar used to take through the streets with him, when on parade, whose job it was to keep whispering in Caesar's ear &quot;remember that you are mortal&quot;.  Charlie is mortal too, and as his newfound brilliance wanes, and breaks down in the end, the reader is left feeling bewildered at the magnitude of the loss, and confused as to what to do with all the energy this book stirs up.  I'm not sure what Keyes wanted us to do with that energy -- maybe turn it inwards, maybe use it to reach out to others... probably a little of each.  Please read this story, and just mull it over a little.  You won't regret it.
0780625854|5.0|What's wrong with you people?  I like this film.  I think it's incredibly funny, like when Ving Rhames walks into a video store and asks if Free Willy is back.  Or when the club owner talks about how a porpous aroused him.  It's a very funny look at congress (Reynolds does an outstanding job as does Robert Patrick) I...I just think it's an enjoyable film.  E-mail me if you think otherwise.
B00004XONN|5.0|I listened to the entire album when it was played on MTV2. The next day, a friend at work asked me, &quot;how does it sound?&quot; I thought about it for a while. Finally I gave up. I said, &quot;I can't answer that.&quot;<br />It's not a valid question, you see. It's like asking someone to tell you what carrots taste like. The implicit request is for them to tell you what carrots will taste like to YOU - and they can't - they can only tell you what carrots taste like to them, which really does you no good at all. Like all good art, the meaning and quality of this album depends entirely on the personal filters through which you perceive it.<br />I could tell you that the musicianship is exceptional, or that the lyrics are masterful, or that the vocals are excellent...but you know that already, because it's Radiohead, and they have moved far past the point where any of the technical details are an issue. All that's left to rate is the art. And that is judged by a personal rating system that won't translate outside your own little universe.<br />I can tell you something of what it is not. It isn't something you dance to, ignoring everything except the beat while you watch the cute guy/girl across the room. It isn't something you jam to on Friday night with the windows rolled down driving down Main street. It isn't something you use as pleasant background noise. It is art, and like all good art, it requires you to WORK for it. You must bring something to the music, pay ATTENTION to it, sit with it, let it have its way with you...or you will find nothing there for you.<br />As I listened to the album, I had one of those rare epiphanous moments of clarity, where the perception of a work of art that resonates with something integral to your self triggers a domino affect that rearranges a rather alarming number of your perceptions about your universe. After a little while, I smiled, curled up like a cat, letting the music wash over me...and felt content with my universe.<br />I hope it is the same for you.<br />j.m.
6305949980|5.0|THIS NEW SPECIAL EDITION IS GREAT. Beefed up audio and vidio, special features, and the film shorts are icing on the cake...mmm. Crank it way up so it dronws out your horrable singing voice as you sing along. A MUST for hard-core Burton fans, and recomended for anyone!
B00004Z511|5.0|It's like your looking at an abstract art. Trying to understand its significance and dynamics. And when you think you have accessed the core of it, in reality you probably haven't even figured out the simple basics. Abstract and compelling is the essence of Radiohead's fourth album \\"Kid A\\".<br />This is the long awaited follow up to `97s \\"OK Computer\\"- which was hailed by the critics as one of the most dynamic and innovative albums in the history of rock music. Radiohead first came under the limelight with their single, \\"Creep\\" from the debut \\"Pablo Honey\\". Which was a No. 1 hit on both coasts of Atlantic. Though many thought they would turn out to be another one-hit wonder, they soon proved everyone wrong with their excellent follow up \\"The Bends\\". \\"The Bends\\" and \\"OK Computer\\" were ranked respectively No.2 and No. 4 in the recent Virgin Poll of the best 100 rock albums of the 20th century. <br /> \\"Kid A\\" is emotional, moody and bleak. Its rock with the roots cut out. Its pop with a stake in the heart.  To be honest, it's hard to define the music of \\"Kid A\\". It starts with \\"Everything In Its Right Place\\", a track that sounds almost synthetic or virtual. Title track \\"Kid A\\" follows the same path. Thom Yorke's heavily processed vocal sweeps through the songs with an utter beauty. Guitar takes a back seat on this album. Instead you hear horns and strings and of course the synthesized, computer programmed sounds. Like in \\"The National Anthem\\". Even in \\"Optimistic\\" the tune turns into a jazzy groove. All of it comes to an end at the last track \\"Motion Picture Soundtrack\\"- accompanied by a church organ.<br />\\"Kid A\\" does reminds anyone of albums like \\"Dark Side Of The Moon\\" or even U2's side project Passengers. But it's unique and unlike anything ever done by anyone. \\"Kid A\\" which has been named from a software of children voice-is supposedly a concept album about the first human clone. Surprisingly, if anyone observes closely Radiohead frequently in this album pays their respect to the root music such as jazz, blues and rock. <br />Pointing back to the introduction. This is abstract music. It may have a different meaning to every individual. But In heart it's pure emotional. You just have to tune into Radiohead.
6305252521|5.0|As you will know by now, this is the surrealistic movie of a man who's grown up in a controlled environment, his life broadcast on television, and with every aspect of his life planned by a corporation. It's a story with many levels of questions and interpretations, from the obvious to the existential. How far would television executives go for ratings? How much right does the public have to know all the details of someone's life? How much are we controlled by others? What is the nature of reality? <br />However, simply as an allegory for middle-class life, it works extremely well and is deeply moving. When Truman begins to yearn to know more of the world, the people around him conspire to keep him in his claustrophobic environment, using guilt and manipulation. He has an aging mother, he has a job, he has a mortgage, he has friends, he has a wife who wants a baby - he is expected to be settled and happy. When he tries to interject a change of routine into his life despite their admonishments, he's thwarted by `acts of God'. Jim Carrey was perfectly cast as Truman, making the innocence and wistfulness of the character believable, as was Ed Harris as the god-like director who's both loving and wrathful towards his creation. The 1950's look to the controlled environment harks back to a time many people still think of as domestically ideal, a time when we had no doubts in our beliefs of what was right and proper and what wasn't. <br />But perhaps the simplest message in it is that until we can overcome the expectations and limitations others impose on us, we will never be free.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Indeed, Green Day is now exploring beyond the realm of punk - and is successful! There are enough tracks here of a traditional Green Day nature to satisfy current Green Day fans, while at the same time the experimentation is likely to recruit new fans.<br />I strongly recommend this album to anyone who likes Punk, Pop, and/or the BEATLES!!!
B00004U2A1|5.0|I'm giving this five stars on the criteria i bought it on - the digital remastering of the sound was very well done. The picture is crisp - no flaws noticible on the DVD, the migration of rthe sound to 5.1 was great (the scene where Bobby Joe is being dragged through the wood is so great on my new THX system)<br />A cullt class - the tin container it comes in looms over my DVD Collection - the insert the put in is one of the funniest things in my apartment where they describe the family orientation of the movie.
B00003CXE6|5.0|this movie was incredible.  great action.  very realistic.  liked it as much as braveheart
014028009X|4.0|We've all experienced those little moments of neurosis in our lives: checking to see how many times a certain someone has called; trying so hard to be noticed by someone without looking like we are trying to be noticed; obsessing about weight or smoking and drinking habits, or something similar.  &quot;Bridget Jones&quot; writes a no holds barred, self-deprecating, hilarious diary.  Bridget starts every entry with her weight, and the amount of alcohol drunk and cigarettes smoked, and sometimes, the number of times she's thought about someone, or checked to see if they've called.  Watching as her constant struggle for self-improvement hit various highs and lows is interesting, especially as she wants to lose weight, stop smoking, and stop drinking so very much.  So she has a bit of a drinking problem, but at least she's aware of it, and doesn't get drunk *every* day. The diary is an account of a year of her life, for better or for worse.  Wonderfully funny and self-aware, Bridget talks about her life and the lives of her (also neurotic) friends.  And, I must say, her mother is annoying but hilarious; an over-sterotypical representation of a socialite.
B00004XONN|4.0|&quot;Kid A&quot; is almost nothing like the previous album, &quot;OK Computer&quot;, and that's actually not a bad thing. The opening track, &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; caught me off guard. I knew this wasn't the Radiohead of three years ago and I knew I was in for some great music. The standout tracks in my opinion are &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;, &quot;Optimistic&quot;, and &quot;In Limbo&quot;. The only song that hasn't grown on me yet (a big yet) is &quot;Idioteque&quot;, but that could change with additional listens. Radiohead made a gutsy move with &quot;Kid A&quot; and it's paying off. I may have to call in sick to work so I can give it a day's worth of listening.
014028009X|4.0|We've all experienced those little moments of neurosis in our lives: checking to see how many times a certain someone has called; trying so hard to be noticed by someone without looking like we are trying to be noticed; obsessing about weight or smoking and drinking habits, or something similar.  &quot;Bridget Jones&quot; writes a no holds barred, self-deprecating, hilarious diary.  Bridget starts every entry with her weight, and the amount of alcohol drunk and cigarettes smoked, and sometimes, the number of times she's thought about someone, or checked to see if they've called.  Watching as her constant struggle for self-improvement hit various highs and lows is interesting, especially as she wants to lose weight, stop smoking, and stop drinking so very much.  So she has a bit of a drinking problem, but at least she's aware of it, and doesn't get drunk *every* day. The diary is an account of a year of her life, for better or for worse.  Wonderfully funny and self-aware, Bridget talks about her life and the lives of her (also neurotic) friends.  And, I must say, her mother is annoying but hilarious; an over-sterotypical representation of a socialite.
B00004XONN|5.0|Where does one go after OK Computer? While the glimmering masterpiece OK Computer represents the sometimes all-too-painful courtship of man and machine, Kid A is the child of that inevitable union, struggling to figure out where and who to be.  Ok, let's bring it down to earth a little.  Thom Yorke expertly uses his D.J. background and love of electronic music on this album.  As always his voice is soaring and stabbed, this time often cut with electronic barbs.  The production is delicious.  The Greenwoods, Ed O'Brien and Phil Selway give excellent performances, making caramel come out of the speakers.  And these drum beats?  Gorgeous.  Yes, you may have to dig to appreciate and eventually adopt Kid A as a favorite.  Digging not into the music, but into yourself.  If you only like Radiohead for the emotive pop ballads, this album may not be not for you, except for possibly &quot;How to Disappear Compeltely.&quot;  I suggest you give it a chance anyway.  But if you like Radiohead because when you listen to them and can almost taste the excitement as if your tongue were on a battery, enjoy this shimmering hybrid landscape.
B00004XONN|5.0|The band has gone in yet another direction on their latest release. I don't feel comfortable rating it on a scale, would seem somehow sacriligious in a Radiohead context, but since they are forcing me, I'd give it 5 stars... What I can say is that it has great textures, beautiful if not dark tones. You can't really tell what Thom Yorke is saying, which is how he wants it, almost dreamlike in the delivery of the lyrics, you sort of get the jist of what he's saying, but nothing concrete. The entire cd is very thematic, again the theme being somewhat dark, I mean song four is called &quot;how to disappear completely&quot;.  I suspect a number of people who were big fans of the Bends(an excellent piece of work) will pick this cd up and be a bit surprised. Perhaps once the surprise wears off, they will enjoy themselves with the divergence of the music. Anybody who purchased OK computer will more than understand the progression between the two pieces of work. I have a feeling this cd will end up being a groundbreaking effort, once we all have the perspective to understand it in the proper context.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is not &quot;Just another science fiction book&quot;. It is a compelling military saga that demonstrates why during time of war we must be willing to sacrifice the few to save the many. They are the children. Ender and his friends (enemies) are spending their childhoods preparing for the final showdown between humanity and an apocolyptic force of insect/aliens. <br />But the book is not about the war, it is about preparing. Ender must constantly train playing video games and &quot;laser tag&quot; type games. I know it doesn't seem to exciting to read about 8 year olds playing laser tag, but the purpose of the games is to develop strategy. The reader will sit through a dozen games in a row, but you are always wanting more because of the strategy. What will Ender think of next. How will he turn the opponent's strengths into weakness, and his own weakness into strength? <br />Aside from the excitement of the Game, the story also provides a great deal of perspective on military protocol: Why it is necessary to follow rules at all times, and why it is necessary to break those rules. Ender is a tool of the military, he has no identity of his own, he exists only to serve the cause of humanity. <br />There is also a pretty neat subplot with Ender's brother and sister who are still on Earth. It deals primarily with using media to produce a void in the collective conscience of our civilization. If you cultivate the void and wait for the correct moment, you can fill it with whatever you think it should be filled with, people become sheep to your shepard. <br />To counterbalance the scourge of war, characters also explore ethical and philosophical questions the actions they will be forced to take in battle: we have to kill these innocents in order to save those innocents.    <br />And after the Sci-Fi technology, the military, and the ethics, the author wallops the reader over the head with a shock that will leave you spinning for days. Remember how you felt the first time you heard who Luke's father was, or in the &quot;Ususal Suspects&quot; when you realized who Kaiser Sose' was? This is that same kind of feeling.
B000000OQF|5.0|Alright, there is one question-maybe they printed it off wrong but that is the back of the cover art booklet, not the front. But okay...to the review. This is a sensational album with awesome lyrics, with a drummer to match, axl on vocals, and slash on guitars, they really blow the set up. They have surprised me with this album, since the day it came out, and it is still surprising me. I would have to say this is one of the best debut albums ever ranking up with &quot;Gish&quot; from Smashing Pumpkins and &quot;The Chronic&quot; from Dr. Dre. This has hard rocking songs from Welcome To The Jungle, to the pop rock of &quot;Its So Easy, Easy when everybody's tryin ta please me, baby&quot;, to funnier songs like &quot;Anything Goes&quot;, which is a sex scandal song...makes me laugh at times. Rocket Queen also is a great song too, but doesn't rank up with My Michelle, Sweet Child 'O Mine, or Nightrain. I could swear up the alley (although it isn't nice to swear) that every song on this album is great. Not one song has disappointed me yet since I got it back in '93. The cool thing was that was my birth year, 1987. Hey and its such at a [good] price, too... So do yourself a favor and buy this great little cd. Trust me, you wont be disappointed.
B00000J7S8|5.0|After seeing a brief PBS special with Ms. Krall I had to hear more. This is the first jazz album in my music collection and words can not describe it. Ms Krall's sultry voice and talented fingers delight all of the senses. She is fantastic and this album is amazing. Jazz has taken on whole new meaning for me. From &quot;Do it Again&quot; to &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot;, you will be tapping your toes and grinning from ear to ear. This is a must have. ENJOY!
B000000P17|3.0|I would have to say that none of the songs on this album were done or, I should say WRITTEN by G'N'R. They just performed them. They focused on oldies, 70's and mid-eighties that inspired them. It was a tribute album for every band or artist that made G'N'R...G'N'R. Although I would have expected better from them, since this album was poorly produced. It is still part of my collection. (in fact i bought it from amazon.com about 6 months ago) I have listened to it about 4 times and it is really not that bad, nor is it that good. So it's basically just a &quot;filler&quot; album to help your collection. I can only recommend this to Guns and Roses fans that have just about all their other stuff (Use Your Illusion I and II;Appetite;ect.) If you are getting this just because its cheap, or a friend recommends this to you, you will more than likely be disappointed in it. So I can only recommend this to real Guns and Roses fans. Keep it real!
B00004XONN|5.0|This CD is amazing. I think Radiohead is possibley becoming the greatest band of the decade if not the millenium. With every CD comes a new and fantastic sound. If you like music you will love this album. Once you listen to it for the first time you get trapped in there music and you never want to leave.
B00003CXE7|5.0|A superb and convincing acting job by Russel Crowe, well detailed and executed action sequences along with a strong plot and story created an emotional movie succeding that of Titanic and Armageddon combined helped produce the correct recipe for the best movie of the year. A great movie to see whether it is your 4th time or first. (Important note: If you have not seen gladiator yet, GO SEE IT A.S.A.P.)
B00004XONN|5.0|radioheadradiohead murmurmurmur my mind its omigodimgonna radiohead fireheadman thomwhathom johnnyjohnny how could you murmurmur i can feel omigodimgonna i can feel it i can omigodimgonna i can feel it all inside me tcktcktcktck icepick im an icepick
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has been my favorite band for years (OK Computer is in my opinion, the best album of the 90s), and you can imagine my excitement when Kid A finally hit stores.  But, the first time listening through it, I didn't know how to react.  Kid A is a fairly big departure from Radiohead's previous work.  Like OK Computer, Kid A drips with atmosphere, however, the distorted guitars are almost totally absent.  Not that that's a bad thing.  Radiohead uses a wide variety of instruments to craft something unlike anything else I've heard. I warn those of you reading this who are going to buy this album:  don't listen to it once, then dismiss it.  I didn't discover just how great this record is until my third or fourth time through.  This is music that grows on the listener, and will not let go once it's got you under its spell, if you'll let it.
0380715430|5.0|I don't care about the errors.  When I was asked to read to a class of 8th graders, I chose excerpts from this book.  The whole class was spellbound, sometimes laughing, sometimes pondering and always interested.  The teacher says she wants her own copy, and the class is asking for me to come back and read more.  What could be a higher recommendation?
6301016289|4.0|All you high finance types really make me laugh.  If you think this film celebrates American capitalism, you must be closing your eyes and humming through half the scenes.  Quick re-cap: Wall Street losers- greedy criminals Gordon Gecko and Bud Fox, Wall Street winners- the SEC, the airline unions, and the investor Lawrence Wildman who wants to save jobs.  So everyone who gets excited by this film: please zip up your pants, splash some cold water on your face, and reflect on what Oliver Stone was really trying to say.
B00004Z511|5.0|I have been listening to this album every day for the past month (thanks to the magic of mp3's), and my feelings have gone from &quot;This is bizzare&quot; to &quot;I can't wait to listen again&quot;.  The album is really good, but it requires at least 5 to ten listens before you feel comfortable with it.  After that, it will be your best friend.
0670824399|5.0|The greatest childrens writer of the century. Matilda is simply the most wonderful Cinderella story told in a modern setting. Only we replace a prince with a mother figure, and a Castle with a schoolyard. Both Matilda and her teacher need each other. Both struggle through the same problems in life. Both have overbearing relations who Dahl characterises with fantastic story writing. Using his wit and humour he pulls us though a captivating tale of realising our entitlement in life. One finishes the book quickly and satisfied that Dahl has again told another meaningful yet childlike story of life. Five stars.
B00004XONN|4.0|Personally, I have been waiting for this album for a while now, and it has been a much anticipated album since Radiohead is one of the defining bands of the 90's with songs in the past like &quot;Creep&quot; and one of the best albums ever, &quot;OK Computer&quot;.  Well, on first listen I was VERY confused about the album I just bought.  I couldnt decide if it was a briliant break-away from most British pop or just some weird rock/technoish CD.  On my second listen through it I realized &quot;Kid A&quot; was truly a powerful album. With some standout tracks like &quot;Optimistic&quot;, &quot;In Limbo&quot;, and &quot;Everything In It's Right Place.&quot;  Think of &quot;Kid A&quot; as a mix of old Radiohead music with the Chemical Brothers.  There seem to be alot of techno influences here with synthesizers, samples, and other electronic music, along with Thom Yorkes powerful voice and everything else great about Radiohead. All in all, &quot;Kid A&quot; is definetely an album worth buying and listening to the whole thing through.
B00004XONN|5.0|It is really incredible how much ground Radiohead can break.  If you thought the leap from the Bends to Ok Computer was remarkable, you're in for another treat with Kid A, the follow up to Ok Computer.  I think it's great that the band is broadening their horizons.  And more so, I'm loving what those horizons are turning out to be.  I read in Ed (one of the guitarists)'s online journal during the making of the album that Nigel (Godrich, the producer) was forbidding the group to use guitars to express their musical ideas, as they would be prone to patterns and repetition of earlier ideas.  It's just this type of integrity that makes Kid A the kind of album you listen to, and then when done ask yourself, &quot;why doesn't more music sound like this&quot;?
B0000039QA|5.0|I bought this CD in 1998, and it is 2000 now and i still find it hard to find any album that is able to top this album.  Biggie shows that he was one of the lyrists out there  Songs like &quot;I Love the Dough&quot; and &quot;Another&quot; have hot beats and hot lyrics with guests like Jay-Z and Lil' Kim.  You will have yourself singing the lyrics to all of the songs on this album because they are so catchy.  I wish that Biggie was still alive to create another album because without his tough &quot;Born Again&quot; sucked.  I seriously recommend this CD to anyone who likes any type of music at all.
0553565915|2.0|but it is obviously heavily embellished. I agree with another reviewer -- it reads a bit too much like a novel.<br />The first couple of chapters (before she even gets to the death experience) really soured me on the whole book. She describes in extreme detail events that happened over 20 years before, in such a melodramatic fashion that it casts doubts on the credibility of the very powerful, beautiful account of her supposed NDE.<br />I read this book in one night soon after experiencing a devastating loss. I would really like to believe that this is a truthful account of a NDE. But something about it just doesn't ring true....<br />Having said that, it is a quick, enjoyable read -- great for a rainy afternoon, perhaps, but not something one should base their entire belief system upon!
B00004XONN|1.0|its awful. i know they were going for indevidualism and uniqueness but this is way o.t.t its just noise. id tape it for the sake of the two ok songs. if your expecting a ok computer, give it a miss!!
B00004XONN|4.0|i have 3 of radio heads cd this one is very calm and distorted through the use of many drum loops, beats and infecitious distorted guitar it is a really good cd dont get me wrong i love radio head. everything is ok is probably the worst song on the cd but it is still good becuase of the simple factor the vocorder is used way to much and you cant understand what he is saying at all for the whole song and it was somewhat disapointing that way.i would have to say my personal favorite song on this cd would be idioteque it is probably one of the catchier songs on the album with its infectious beat and wicked synth/distorted guitar sounds. next to ok computer this is my favorite radio head cd its well worth every penny of the 15.00 dollars you spend on it and i hopwe you enjoy it like i do
B00004XONN|1.0|aaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh, i want my bends.ok comp back, this is like marilyn mansons smells like children, that was awful too. this is the most overhyped sh1t ever!                            me
0780631684|5.0|I put this in my favorite scary movie list along with &quot;I know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, &quot;Scream&quot;, and &quot;The Faculty&quot;. When Deven Sawa's character gets a vision of his and his friends death's while boarding a plane, His psycho attack cause him and a few other students to get off the plane. The weird stuff happens when his vision comes true. But, they've cheated death and it's pissd! Alex(Devon Sawa) must figure out the code in time to save his friends and his life. Buy this dvd today!
B00004XONN|1.0|listen to the sound clips and youll see what i mean!!
B00004XONN|5.0|This could Aphex Twin if he just calmed down. This album is dark, moody,tense,and most of all beautiful! Do not think this is like any of there other records. It is by far the best. After buying a ton of new stuff this year, thank God Radiohead has the talent to back up the hype!
B00004XQP4|5.0|The boys have done it again! This album is definatly one of the best. Warning is a great place to start from such a long &quot;break.&quot; The songs are quite catchy, and Billie has done an awesome job with the lyrics (once again). This is a must have. I'm just so glad they finally have another album out. Warning also has a few more love songs, something we really haven't heard too much of since 1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours. This is an awesome album! I think any true Green Day fan will be incredibly pleased.
B00004W55E|5.0|Farrell's self-titled debut was notable for introducing her astonishing, multi-octave instrument of a voice, but the songs and arrangements (with a few exceptions) lacked the personality and singularity her vocals had.  Her second release, &quot;First Instrument,&quot; was an engaging collection of jazz standards that certainly entertained, but you still had the feeling that something was bubbling under this woman's surface, something deeper and greater.  It finally explodes on her third release, &quot;Individuality (Can I Be Me?),&quot; and in an era of teen pop and street-savvy R&amp;B, the question posed in its title seems to address music lovers at large...and any adult in their right mind will certainly answer with a resounding &quot;yes!&quot;  The opening track finds Farrell singing, &quot;I'm an individual, I'm into individuality,&quot; and may God love her for it.<br />Farrell has clearly had the revelation that less is more; the tracks are arranged sparsely and feel wide open, the perfect setting for her striking, lushly-chorded jazz/soul compositions.  The instrumentation is a treat as well, and covers ground between 70's-flavored Rhodes keyboards and muted guitars to (gasp!  in the new millenium, even!) real drums and acoustic piano.  What's especially inviting is the jam-session feel that gives way to the impression that you're sitting in on a musician's party instead of hearing mere studio product.  Further to her credit, Farrell wrote or co-wrote every track, and the variety of moods is astounding...there's slinky, backporch blues (the title track and &quot;Sista&quot;), elegant pop/soul (&quot;I Forgive You,&quot; &quot;I Gotta Go&quot;), slick R&amp;B (&quot;Will You Remember Me?&quot; and &quot;Run to Me&quot;) and gently-grooving funk (&quot;Satisfied&quot;).  For added bonuses, Johnathan Butler lends hand at writing and singing on &quot;Gaia,&quot; an ode to Mother Earth that is musically sophisticated and lyrically touching, and Russ Barnes offers a top-notch vocal on the sultry duet &quot;Reflections of My Heart.&quot;<br />But the crowning achievement is Farrell's use of her voice.  There's a shockingly accurate three-octave jump (and a jump down, at that), seemingly effortless shifts in tone and projection, and, most strikingly, the take-no-prisoners experiments she indulges in on the funky &quot;Why You Wanna Mess it All Up?,&quot; which include mind-boggling vibrato, noteless and wordless ad libs, and a run of notes sustained for twenty-eight seconds without taking a breath...one can only imagine what reckless vocal takes didn't even make the record.<br />In the end it becomes perfectly clear that &quot;Individuality&quot; couldn't possibly have a better title.   Of course, it's a shame that we probably won't get the chance to witness any of these songs on pop radio as a much-needed breath of fresh air, but then again  the beauty of the record lies in Rachelle Farrell's fearless assertion of innovation, trends be damned.   She puts it best herself: &quot;If you don't like it/it ain't got to have nothin' to do with you.&quot;  You go, girl.
B00004XONN|4.0|I won't attempt to dissect and analyze every song, every beat  and every millisecond of the album. I simply listened to it  in its entirety, tried to allow the overall effect to work its  magic, and that it did.    Kid A is like a showcase of an artist's scrapbook; many ideas,  full of talent, yet thrown together somehow in a vague cohesion.  At times you forget that this is Radiohead you're listening to.     They've come a long way from the simple alt-rock basics of Pablo  Honey and have wandered even farther afield than with The Bends  and OK Computer. In parts, Kid A is almost New Age, at others  it's just a mess of sound. It has a more docile atmosphere than its predecessor, and a much more sterile feel. Fans of catchy-chorus songs may have a bit of trouble grasping this one, which wanders from place to place, tempo to tempo, not quite sure of its destination, but knowing it's going SOMEwhere.    After hearing more negative than positive about the new  material, I was pleasantly surprised to hear it with my own ears  and pass my own judgement on it. Without a doubt, it's far from  the next OK Computer, but then how could we really expect that  anyway?
B00004XONN|5.0|Whether you like it or not, you NEED to buy this album. Because as far as pop music goes, Radiohead are BY FAR the best thing going right now, and NO ONE deserves your hard-earned money than Thom and co.<br />Now then... on to the album.<br />Okay. &quot;Kid A&quot; is music for the new millennium (as opposed to, I might add, the ACTUAL &quot;Millennium&quot;). &quot;Future rock&quot; I guess we should call it. It's new, it's different, and it's like NOTHING I've ever heard before. You sit there listening and you think &quot;How'd they DO that?&quot;. Great CD booklet too. If you take out the black plastic that holds the CD you'll find ANOTHER twenty-something page booklet for some reason. And the album cover is nice and spooky. A mountain range rendered futuristic with abstract colors and stuff. The old and the new in the same world.<br />Lyricwise, Thom's still way off in paranoialand, but this time the lyrics are much more oblique (is that the right word?). Rumor has it that the lyrics are 100% percent random, but that's okay because the lyrics fit the mood perfectly, even though there's no conceptual unity like there was on &quot;OK Computer&quot;.<br />Song-by-song:<br />- &quot;Everything in its right place&quot; sets the mood with electric piano and cut-up DJ Shadow-esque vocals. <br />- What IS that instrument they're playing at the beginning of &quot;Kid A&quot; (the song)? Sounds like some kind of baby music box or something. Like the drums in this one, too.<br />- There's the awesome Awesome AWESOME headache-inducing (which is exactly the POINT) horn scream blasts at the end of &quot;The National Anthem.&quot; Thom has said in interviews that the horn players were told to imagine themselves being stuck in a traffic jam for four hours and the feeling of totally going off on somebody, that's what the horn section does just right at the end of &quot;The National Anthem.&quot;<br />- Then right after that your headache is cured with the nice ballad &quot;HowTo Disappear Completely&quot;. I guess you'd call this the album's equivalent to &quot;Bulletproof... I Wish I Was.&quot; Soothing and pretty, which is a complete antithesis to the &quot;I'm not here, this is not happening.&quot; recurring lyric. I guess. Thom's best performance on the whole album. He sings it like he means it. He's got charisma. <br />- &quot;Treefingers&quot; sounds like &quot;ambient&quot; stuff, but I don't really know what &quot;ambient&quot; stuff is. Music to fall asleep to. I dig.<br />- I also really like the completely unexpected groove thingy that happens at the end of &quot;Optimistic&quot;. The album's only accessible &quot;rock&quot; song. But even this has a guitar solo with only one note (chord? I'm not exactly Mr Guitar expert so I wouldn't know...) repeated over and over again. How accessible is that?<br />- The nice little arpeggiated guitar melody that's played throughout &quot;In Limbo&quot; is AWESOME. &quot;Lost At Sea&quot; is a better title for it. Would have fit well between &quot;Electioneering&quot; and &quot;Climbing Up The Walls&quot; on OK Computer. Scary ending, too. How do they get these sounds?<br />- &quot;Idioteque&quot; is a dance number, but not really because it doesn't make me dance. When I want to dance I put on &quot;One Nation Under A Groove&quot;, not Radiohead. GREAT sound effects on here. Women and children first.<br />- &quot;Morning Bell&quot;. Not too much to say about this one. &quot;Cut the kids in half??&quot; The drums get cut up near the end and the arpeggiated notes from &quot;In Limbo&quot; make a guest appearance. LOVE the guitar screams used for like a split second near the end. Sounds like the ghost section in Pink Floyd's &quot;Echoes.&quot; They should use that more often!!<br />- &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;. Hmmm... Well THIS certainly doesn't sound like pop music!! Harps? A whole orchestra? Choir? How do they do this without making it become pretentious? After about twenty seconds of silence there's a hidden track (a la &quot;Second Coming&quot; or &quot;Abbey Road&quot;) but it's only like thirty seconds long. Sounds like theme music for a movie during the credits.<br />The final verdict? Great great great!! Weird AND original!! &quot;Kid A&quot; should influence other pop groups to start taking risks again and inject some much-needed innovation into generic pop music. And hopefully it will FINALLY be the saviour of rock as we know it, the &quot;Nevermind&quot; of today, because I don't know how much more I can stand of this MTV teen pop and metal stuff. Oh speaking of MTV, did you know that Radiohead are making NO videos, putting out NO singles, and only giving THREE interviews in promoting this album? That is a REALLY cool thing for a pop group to do these days. No sell outs indeed. THAT'S why everybody has to buy this album and tell your friends how great it is, so that it won't go straight to #1 the first week and then drop down to number ninety-seven or something the next week because all the hardcore fans had already gotten theirs (a la Nine Inch Nails' &quot;The Fragile&quot;). You should even be a REAL fan and buy it twice! I did!
B00004XONN|5.0|Wow, this CD is very unconventional.  Very mystical, very sonic, very emotional, very detached, very un-like today's music, which is perfect. This CD is the perfect antidote to the NStinks and Eminems and Britneys of the music industry. 50 minutes of spiritually cleansing music. You must buy this album if you like anything that isn't the usual pop or rap or cheap rock like matchbox twenty and 3 Doors Down of today, you will not be (too) disappointed.
B00004X01U|2.0|How can Madoona be trendsetting and innovative when all she's doing is rehashing bad techno ideas from 1992?
B00004XONN|4.0|Kid A is the first amazing album of the new millenium.Wait,nevermind,the millenium really starts in 2001.Here's a track by track review<br />Everything In Its Right Place-If it were done by any other band it would be a cheesy MIDI file,but instead its a dark groove,with alot of tension,build and a dancefloor beat.<br />Kid A-Completely electronic,wierd track.It grows on you fast.<br />National Anthem-The BEST song on the album.Trippy bass groove,with scary,clingling,desperate noise and a great brass section climax.<br />How To Dissapear-Most fans who have heard the live version would miss the jangly,spacey,trip that it used to be but How To Dissapear has become a cold,sad,song,with beautiful vocals and strings and touchingly harsh lyrics of delusion<br />Treefingers-Yes,even Radiohead can be flawless.Treefingers has no melody or vocals.Its a bunch of noise that just lasts too long.<br />Optimistic-GREAT!Its anxious,brooding,tense and probably the catchiest song on the album.Great lyrics and drumming that u can't help but tap your foot to. <br />In Limbo-Lyrics are GREAT.You can truly feel the emotion when Thom sings of being lost at sea and the trapdoors that open from under his feet.This song has a dark sense to it and it also seems kind of paranoid.Nothing new,but great.<br />Idioteque-WOW!The lyrics just seem to flow and overlay as if Thom is anxious and paranoid that someone or something is after him.Great beat and extremely catchy melody,its sure to be on the dancefloor.It definately catches you in its web on first listen but when you've had time to submerege in the other songs,this one gets &quot;lost at sea&quot;.<br />Motion Picture Soundtrack-BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!Beautiful organ,harp that no other band could pull,and angelic chior that is almost cheesy,ALMOST.The only problem anyone would have is that is it is too short.This would come from those who have heard the old acoustic version,which is even more beautiful and sad.<br />And so the harps float away and Kid A's trip from the womb to the world is over.This album is a must have for everyones collection.Everyone was skeptical,saying that Radiohead could never beat OK Computer.Sad thing,they were right,but they were very VERY close.The best is yet to come,LP5 In 2001.
B00004TJKB|5.0|Although it took me a couple viewings to realize this, it is defintly on my list of classic movies. It mixes a wonderful amount of comedy, romance, and a moral lesson(if you follow it right). Bill Murray in one of his best performances plays the egotistical weatherman Phil Connors. Every Groundhog Day he travels out to Punxtawney, Pa. to cover a groundhog festival. But with the intent on leaving the small town the next day he wakes up to find its Feb 2 again! And he keeps reliving the same day over and over until he gets it right. Its great to see Phil change from an egotistical selfish man to a kind hearted person. Along with him are Rita, a producer(Andie MacDowell) and Larry the cameraman(Chris Elliot). A great light feal good comedy that can be watched many times to enjoyment. All ages will love it. I highly reccomend that you see this. No dobut about it, a classic!
B00004XONN|5.0|As always, Radiohead keeps you guessing.  I've only heard this album about three times, but it is incredibly original, different than anything they've done before, and strangely enough, just what a Radiohead fan has come to expect from them.  This one makes all the formula pop nonsense you hear on the radio sound even more useless than you already know it to be.  <br />   &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; &amp; &quot;National Anthem&quot; are tremendous right from the get-go.  The rest of the songs on the disc have that kind of &quot;grow on you&quot; feel to them, as most of Radiohead's music does.  I can't wait to listen repeatedly, as I am sure that there are incredible little hidden gems of musical genius scattered about this one.  I also find myself anxious to hear their next work after just one day.  If the progression of their last few albums is any indication of what the future holds for this band, their next offering may be the first ever outer-space recording.
B00004XONN|1.0|fitter happier.  more productive.  if only this were true.  radiohead must be some sad sad fools to make music like this.  talented, yes.  enjoyable, no.  if i want to feel the way i do when i hear this, i can go to a funeral parlor.  for the time being, i'll be anxiously awaiting the next weezer album.
B00004XONN|5.0|I guess I'll just say that this cd trancends hype--it's really good.  It's both an interesting departure and something really complimentary to their previous work: abstract in the way that all memorable art is.  What I really wanted to say is take a look under the part of the case that holds the cd(careful not to break it).  You'll find a small booklet crammed with an epic free-style poem, which I am assuming of course was written by Thom.  If per chance you feel a desire for more lyrical content on the album, then check this out, this should easily appease your lyrical jones.
0451169514|5.0|Now I'm only 13 but i'm a very quick reader and got through this book in 4 days. Mostly cuz it's so good it just draws you in. I've never read any book like like it. It's just- WOW! (He thrusts his fists against the post and still insists he sees the ghost.)It is an epic of how love and friendship will triumph. But one of the bests parts are the villians to be more specific Henry Bowers and the all famous Pennywise the Clown. Henry was great becuase it shows true evil in not a monster but a human. He was perfectly sane just evil. Then comes It itself. Most horror novels have traditional villians (monsters, vampires, demons, etc.) but It is of something else it is the personification of your worst fears it can be anything you picture it as. That what makes it scary if you aren't afraid of vampires 'Salem's Lot would be no breeze but if you have a fear that is what It will become. Truly disturbing.
6304119046|5.0|In spite of the hoopla, lavish praise, superlatives designating this as the most critically acclaimed film of all time, &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; simply can't be dislodged from its preeminent place in the history of cinema.  But don't let all that's been written about the film scare you.  It's a compact, fast-paced mystery story (What's &quot;Rosebud&quot;) at it's most accessible level.  But it's also a microcosm of the American dream, suggesting the direful consequences of its realization.  Why is it a great film?  Because it works on every level--scripting, casting, acting, editing, photography, mis en scene, sound.  Take any frame of the film and it's possible not only to reconstruct the rest of the film (it's that organically whole) but to compose a dissertation on the meanings suggested by that frame alone.  In the end what we're left with is not only a great movie but the image of a young boy whose loss of innocense is ours to share.
B00004XONN|5.0|the big question is whether radiohead could follow up OK Computer with a record as good.  the answer is yes, but.  yes, but it sounds little like ok computer.  like computer, they have made a concept album (thom yorke said something about kid a having to do with the first human clone).  but this time, the sound is totally different; there is a definite techno influence.  and then there's the brass band in The National Album, ambient soundscape of Treefingers, aphex twin sounds on Idioteque, and the vocals are smashed beyond recognition in the title song.  it all sounds very claustrophobic and dissonant.  there are times where you can hear the same band that made Ok computer.  optimistic sounds the most like the radiohead we've heard before. <br />radiohead fans have come to expect wild new things with each album, and shouldn't be dissappointed at all.  those new to radiohead (or somewhat sketchy about techno-influence music) might try the bends or ok computer first.
B000025RAU|5.0|The seventies provided us with three examples of Hollywood product that all but transcended the commercial circumstances of their making: Altman's &quot;Nashville,&quot; Coppola's &quot;Apocalypse Now,&quot; and Polanski's &quot;Chinatown.&quot;  Nothing since has come close to the vision, criticism of life, and even social/cultural verisimilitude of  these three courageous, individualistic enterprises.  &quot;Chinatown&quot; is closest to being commercial because of its genre type, but a comparison to any of the film noirs of the forties or to the more recent &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; should reveal why the film succeeds at a much deeper level than any of these superficially related entertainments.  Like T. S. Eliot, Polanski uses the image of water to portray first the cultural wasteland of a heartless, materialist  landscape and second the sterility of human relations that are as lustless as they are loveless.  Like Oedipus, the incestuous perversion of the story's &quot;fisher-king&quot; brings a curse upon a fallen land where all that remains, finally, is cynicism (Jake: &quot;What do you expect? It's Chinatown.&quot;)
6305922756|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the greatest comedies ever. If you don't understand the humor, it might be just because it is extreamly subtle, and you might need another viewing. It's almost too hard to explain how this movie works. It almost seems as if it's trying really hard to be a legit. documentary, but it is always soooo funny. Buy this movie. The DVD rules with tons of special features, and the picture quality and remastered sound is great. This is a great purchase for you colletion overall!!
B00004XONN|1.0|Why the big fuss over this band?  Have people suddenly developed a passion for thin, whiney off-key vocals, or is it the droning lifeless song-structure that some find so appealing?  Aren't we tired of angst-art rock yet?
B00004XONN|1.0|Like many, I got swept in the massive radiohead fandom with the release of OK Computer (great album, by the way). I liked what I heard and my interest had been sparked, so I further investigated this band. I bought &quot;The Bends,&quot; the album they had released prior to OK Computer, and found that it was mostly pop-junk music. So I figured perhaps they had became disillusioned with mass-marketed pop-crap and decided to make something that sounded a bit more creative, yet was still uniquely pleasant with OK Computer. But I believe they've gone a bit too far with the creativity in this latest album, Kid A. <br />The album is an inconsistent cornucopia of harsh, distorted sound waves. Now matter how many times I listen to it, I can't seem to like it. It really is quite bad. Any thoughts? Write your own review.
B00004XONN|1.0|Why such a fuss over this band?  Have people suddenly developed a passion for thin, whiney off-key vocals, or is it the droning lifeless song-structure that's so appealing?
B00000JPH5|5.0|I have watched this movie ever sence I was little, when I was little it used to scare me and I would turn it off.. But Now I watch it all the time.. it is one of my most favorite movies of all time..! I reccomend it to everyone! Of all Ages!
B00004XONN|1.0|Why the big fuss over this band?  Have people suddenly developed a passion for thin, whiney off-key vocals, or is it the droning lifeless song-structure that some find so appealing?  Aren't we tired of angst-art rock yet?
0783225849|5.0|The original Psycho is absolutely perfect. To take anything away or add anything to it would ruin this movie. Psycho was filmed at a time when special effects didn't exist - and in this movie, they were not necessary. The superb acting takes away the need for all the blood and guts and special effects that are the very core of movies today. You remove all that from most of today's horror movies, and you are left with a bunch of teens running around a movie set screaming and cursing every other word.<br />Psycho is one of the greatest horror movies of its kind. You will want to watch this movie over and over again. Seeing it once just isn't enough.<br />This DVD Collector's Edition is a must for every horror movie fan. If you have only seen the 1998 re-make, then you haven't seen Psycho.
6301697707|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I laughed, I was young and with a bunch of friends.  But then I thought about the movie as I watched it more.  The years went by and I realized that yes, this is a pretty darn scary movie.  Not really a gorefest by any means the movie relies a lot on the imagination when it comes to knowing someone has died horribly by Worm Muy Grande!  Hence keeping it's PG-13 rating.  Alternately funny and terrifying, Tremors gets my vote as one of the best horror movies made in the 1990's (and no, I'm not joking).  Critics like to harp on it's use of old Cold War monster movie plotlines, but give me a break, if you can't watch and enjoy this movie for what it is then you are way too serious about watching movies. The creature effects are pretty darn good, the cast is likeable and even gels with (gasp)a semblance of community! And overall this movie is pure people, I mean popcorn munching fun. So if you like the idea of being attacked by giant worms with no sign of help and apparenly no way of escape then check Tremors out.
B00004XONN|4.0|The cd is intense, moving forward from ok computer the band gets deeper and deeper into the society in which we all live.  The music is everwhere as is our lives.  Relating to this music is relating to everyday life, sometimes hectic, sometimes melodic but always changing.
6303422020|5.0|The team of Stephen King and George Romero are back with three more hair raising tales.  And all three are scary in their own right, more so than the five tales in this movie's predecessor.<br />&quot;Ol' Chief Woodenhead is about a wooden indian that comes to life in order to exact vengeance for the murders of his kindly shopkeeper owners.<br />&quot;The Raft&quot; is the best story of the lot.  A gelatinous &quot;thing&quot; attacks four helpless teenagers stranded on a raft anchored in a lake in the middle of nowhere.  Kind of &quot;Jaws&quot; meets &quot;The Blob&quot; this is insanely creepy and alone makes the video purchase worthwhile.  The special effects are great and the fear factor high as you watch the teens gradually realize there is no escape.<br />&quot;The Hitchhiker&quot; has two things going for it, lots of blood and Stephen King as a potty mouthed truck driver.  The constant reappearance of the dead hitchhiker was somewhat confusing and not properly explained, but it's a movie so I'll let it slide.  There's a good helping of car-on-pedestrian carnage that's a great way to gross out a squeamish friend.<br />As in the first movie there are little snippets of animation throughout that are an added treat, this time a venus fly trap gets a tasty and nutritious meal (just ask Jonathan Swift, oh wait, he's dead).  Bottom line, if you own the first movie you have to have the sequel, which in my opinion is far scarier than the first movie.  So all you little Creeps out there get your copy now!
B00004XONN|5.0|This is a really really good CD.  It isn't as immediately accessable as the other ones, which is really saying alot.  But it grows on you.  It's their best work yet.  Go Bears!!!
0380713802|3.0|I was quite curious to see what Bryson would make of Milan, the city where I live. I'd already read quite a few of his other books so I was looking forward to an interesting, intelligent read. Instead, I was amazed: the man was unable to find a coffee shop in the centre of town.<br />This makes me have my doubts about Bryson as a travel writer. If he couldn't find a coffee shop in a town that has at least two on every block, who knows how many other things he is wrong about? Can I trust his observations on other countries?<br />On the positive side, the book is amusing, the anecdotes about his youth are funny and his observations are interesting even if after a while they become somewhat trite and predictable. They usually run along the lines of &quot;Why would anyone in their right mind tear down this &lt;insert word here&gt; to put up a modern &lt;insert word here&gt;&quot;). This is a book that's certainly worth reading, even if it's not worth taking seriously.
B00004Z511|5.0|This is one hell of a cd, not at all what i expeced... but somehow better, more complex...  While OKC will always be my favorite Album ever this is now set to be number 2.  Everything just works so damn well... undescribable
0380715430|3.0|Bryson is terrific at describing the English language and its history. One would never guess that subjects as seemingly dry as linguistics and (eech) grammar could be given such a page-turning treatment. In this sense, Mother Tongue is a terrific piece of writing.<br />Where Bryson tends to fall flat on his face is when he compares English to other languages: he tends to make sweeping statements about languages he obviously does not speak, and invariably comes to the conclusion that English is the greatest language ever. <br />These sweeping statements tend to go a bit like this: Bryson wants to say something in Spanish/Urdu/Whatever. He doesn't know the word or can't find it in the outdated dictionaries he obviously uses. Ergo, English is the best language on the planet because he can say things in English that he can't say in other languages.<br />This is a bit of a worry: if his research is so shaky in one topic (comparative linguistics), how can one vouch for the REST of the book? <br />Well, never mind... if you can read Mother Tongue without worrying too much about its accuracy, and gloss over its obvious jingoism, it's a pretty good book.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A will not have any typical radio hits you can tap your feet too, but that's the beauty of the album.  While one may hear a few touches of OK Computer, one will not hear anything resembling Pablo Honey or The Bends.  In today's market, one can pick a song from an album, interchange it with another song on a previous album, and essentially find no difference in the flow and feel.  Radiohead is the exception.<br />Radiohead has always provided a fresh sound and blazed a new trail in the art of sound.  Kid A is no different.  While you hear the songs, you feel as if you're touching new ground.  A new part of the brain has been discovered.  The sound samples on this website and others do not give the album justice.  Hear the songs in it's entirety in good quality and you will hear a mixture of sounds you will hear no where else.  <br />Eerie and beautiful come to mind when I think of Kid A.  It is one of those albums that you call &quot;an experience.&quot;  This is not music, it's sonic art.  Get it and experience it for yourself. <br />Warning:  If you really want pop/alternative music resembling the Pablo Honey/The Bends, you probably won't like this album.
B000000W5P|3.0|I feel this is one of the Stones most overrated albums. It usually is ranked 5th best, behind Beggars, Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers, and Exile. For me, it's not nearly as good as any of those albums or Goat's Head Soup, or It's Only Rock And Roll. Sure, there are some great songs hear. Beast of Burden being the best, along with the awesome cover of Just My Imagination. But Miss You? Why did the World's Greatest Rock and Roll band feel it was necessary to go disco? They explored the other fad of the late 70s, punk, with Shattered and Respectable. Those tracks are slightly strong than the abyssmal Miss You but not even close to Stones standards. The title track is a good, if crude song and Faraway Eyes is one of the best country songs by the Stones. This album just doesn't have the same bite that the Stones had while Mick Taylor was still in the band.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I'll come clean...I`ve been a huge Burt Bacharach fan for as long as I can remember. (Six years old, riding in a school bus over the Triborough bridge and seeing day after day the 8-story high ad for his Broadway musical \\"Promises, Promises\\"...my favorite song at the time and getting all happy inside.) I loved his warm, yet oddly off-beat and simultaneously tuneful songs. Even throwaways like \\"Nikki\\" (His theme for the \\"ABC Movies of the Week\\") held me in sway. I loved everything he did. And as is the case with things you like a lot, they go away. I stopped hearing his music on the radio. Tastes had changed. I was changing...developing my own tastes. P-Funk. Carly Simon. EWF. The Beatles. The O'Jays. And eventually as my teens ended, Elvis Costello. Who I liked...but did not love. Maybe the early stuff I heard from him was a little Ska-heavy and didn't fire me up as much as it did other folks. But I did like a lot of his work, notably the song \\"Alison\\". (Even the cover version by Linda Ronstadt was great!) But again...it was like. Not LOVE. Flash forward 15 years. Older and now able to buy all the records a near-reasonable salary could afford. My love for Bacharach still intact like some folks need for guilty comfort foods AND a broadened appreciation for Costello's lyrics. I owned almost all of Burt's albums and maybe four of Elvis' when I heard about a song they did for the movie \\"Grace of My Heart\\" which I remembered got strong reviews but no box-office. I rent the movie and fall in love with it...forgetting about the song until the end of the film when I hear it performed by Kristen Vigard. And then after the movie ends there's a clip of Burt and Elvis doing it. \\"God Give Me Strength\\". I'm knocked on the goddamned floor. The weird yet perfect Bacharach chords and time signatures, those achy but up-front Costello lyrics. Who'd have possibly thought they could work together? Not me! And I appreciated them both! The soundtrack version I find is even better than theclip. I get the \\"Perfect Song\\" chill up my spine. (The kind you get from Aretha songs circa '67-'75) And I know why. I'm hearing an actual musical ARRANGEMENT for God's sake! The strings weave with the horns which run like a little river next to the piano which nestles atop the drums and ahh...you get the picture! A real arrangement with lyrics that mean something worth a damn! I was thrilled! And soon depressed because I knew the odds of getting more stuff like this were Callista Flockhart slim. A year later, who but a fellow sentimental goof (Thanks, TC) should surprise me with the \\"Painted From Memory\\" CD as a gift. This time, I am knocked into the goddamned basement. The murky, end of one's rope melancholy of the first track, \\"In The Darkest Place\\" sets the tone. These are songs of heartbreak, loss and wanting. Bacharach's breezy tunefulness was always shot through with a marbling of dark, unexpected emotive chords and Costello's \\"angry young man\\" persona has always worn a freshly tattooed and still bleeding heart on it's sleeve. The alleged \\"artifice\\" of Burt meets the oft-maligned \\"bluntness\\" of Elvis and the two mate like glove in hand. Burt shows (a heretofore known only to his biggest fans) depth and Elvis lets the anger go and gives you his (to some surprisingly very warm) heart. \\"Toledo\\" is the best example of this with it's slinky bossa-nova offset by it's \\"I'm not really crying, I've just been slicing onions\\" lyrics. \\"I Still Have That Other Girl\\" is a cathartic gut-spiller from a guy who knows that she knows that HE knows there's a problem with their situation. \\"This House Is Empty Now\\" speaks for itself. By song's end you want to send the police over to check on the poor guy. Track after melodious, emotional track on this album you will find something that prevents you from hitting \\"skip\\" on the CD player. From the green-eyed, devolution to child-like acting-out of \\"Tears at The Birthday Party\\" to the helpless resignation of \\"My Thief\\" the duo does the impossible;  namely resurrect the spirit of the pop standard. The wonderful \\"God Give Me Strength\\" is included here but...the standout is the title selection \\"Painted From Memory\\". It is merely one of the most heart-breakingly wistful songs you will ever hear. A near perfect marriage of words, music and raw emotion, this tune makes you wish the mid-50' s Capitol Sinatra were around to sing it. But guess what? Costello does a world-class job with it. Bacaharach melodies and time-signature jumps can try even the most gifted singers. But these are Elvis' lyrics and when the music pushes his voice to the breaking point, his lyrics are there to push him too. It's an effect that only heightens the albums emotions. My advice: turn the lights down, get a good bottle of wine, pop this CD in and don't answer your phone for an hour. By the time the album ends, you'll have found something you weren't even looking for...namely the bottom of your heart.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Pitch Black certainly borrows some of its story line and caracters from the 1986 classic (ALIENS), and fails on that level, but hits home else where.<br />Vin Diesel is superb as the heartless villan (RIDDOCK), and his performance steals the show, you don't know wheather to love, or hate his cold blooded caracter.  He moves across the screen with the cool cold attitude of a cobra, and his one liners are great, (EX: How do you get eyes like that?  Kill a few people first!).<br />The rest of the cast does well, but the story of the creatures on the desolate planet with nothing to live on is obsurd to say the least.
B00004TH7Z|1.0|Man, this is a redundant album.<br />Why is everyone praising Brave New World as &quot;the return of heavy metal&quot; and &quot;the best album of the year&quot;?  This album is NOTHING compared to Maiden's '80s work.  And I do mean nothing.<br />Maiden fans, take off the blinders!  This album is a worthless piece of crap yet, because you are so excited about the return of vocalist Bruce Dickinson and guitarist Adrian Smith, you have chosen to ignore MAJOR flaws found throughout Brave New World.  And, in the end, you encourage Iron Maiden to make more crap albums like this one because you refuse to see it for what it is.<br />Maiden used to be innovators in heavy metal but this album is a parody--a mockery--of what they used to be.<br />I wanted to love this album but recycled guitar riffs, repetitive  choruses and flat songwriting killed it for me.<br />At least vocalist Bruce Dickinson still sounds good.<br />I love Iron Maiden and was excited about the return of Dickinson and Smith but I will not let myself be blinded by love for the band: This album is bad--really bad.
6303430570|2.0|Lame attempt by the inept kevin Smith to score big in the independant film genre, is the movie Clerks.  With no real story except for a oddball assortment of caracters and their encounter with even stranger folks as customers.  <br />Granted their is a few (very few) good laughs in this attempt of a independant comedy, but not enough to keep the viewer intrested.  <br />Pity me I did let a person talk me into watching the sequel Mall Rats, but once again the story failed, due to the fact that the only real thing that the two films have in common is the return of some of the original cast members.<br />Don't waste your time go buy a Tarintino film, like Pulp Fiction, or Resivoir Dogs.
B00004XONN|5.0|..in other words, a new album from Radiohead. While I doubt any singles will be born from this recording, much less a track played on American Radiowaves (aka The Britney Spears radionetwork), those of us who appreciate genuine music certainly won't be dissapointed with this 4th installment from the band.<br />It's frosty electronica in parts, harkening the world into the 21st century and subsequent malaise of &quot;what do we do now that 2000 has come and gone?&quot;.<br />It's jazz, subdued, and raucous when it wants to be.  A definite buy for those who like music and for those who love expecting the unexpected from one of the greatest bands around today.
B00004XONN|4.0|This is a great album.  Does it sound like anything Radiohead has ever done? No.  Does it sound like anything eanyone has ever done? No.<br />The first listen, I didn't care for it.  The second listen I picked a song or two I thoguht was okay.  The third listen, I began to like it all.  Its an album that should be listened to in one sitting completely.  Its not meant for the radio or to skip to your favorite tune.  It is a favorite tune in its entirety.<br />You need to hear it.  Period.
B00004XONN|1.0|This album was designed to appeal to music critics and no one else. It's bizarre for the sake of being bizarre. Thom Yorke knows that music critics were so enamored with &quot;OK Computer&quot; they would give an album of silence rave reviews. So he gave them much more: random noise. This guaranteed &quot;masterpiece&quot; reviews and more &quot;Best Band in the Universe&quot; titles and huge sales. Just read other reviews, every single one says what the other said: Brian Eno/David Bowie, Aphex Twin, etc. Critics aren't original.<br />The truth about this album is that for the music listener, it's absolutely boring. With the exception of &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot;, there is nothing that could really be considered a song. Sure, the first few listens make any Radiohead fan certain that there's so much subtlety in this album that it'll take many, many listens to appreciate everything it has to offer. But after 100 or so listens, you realize that it's not subtlety, it's lack of coherence. If Thom Yorke is considered a genius, then the fine line between genius and insanity is much finer than anyone thought. In fact, this album actually gets irritating the more you listen to it and you'll find yourself skipping tracks to get to something interesting. It's background music at best.<br />The rumors are that Radiohead has another album waiting in the wings to be released next spring. My theory is that &quot;Kid A&quot; (maybe it should have been called &quot;Kid U&quot;) is a spoof and Radiohead will pull the real album out to show the world how lame music critics are. At least, that's what I'm hoping.
B00004XONN|5.0|KID A almost sounds like it was conceived in some dark cellar in the Hanford Nuclear Plant. every song builds and builds tension and emotion and then recedes just enough to start building again with no way to release. of course, this is intentional as well as the reason why its so enjoyable to listen to again and again. enjoyable, i think, is not the right word however. accurate is the correct word. KID A, at least for me, captures where we are RIGHT NOW in time. forget pre-millenial angst...as the Amazon.com reviewer wrote, this is definitely a 21st century album. it contains no worry or angst. it contains simply a soft cry from a world that has thrown the towel in. we're lost with no way out is what the album is saying. &quot;this isnt happening&quot;, &quot;thats not me&quot;, and &quot;i will see you in the next life&quot;...these lyrics are the intonations of the quiet resignation that the world is slipping into...and its captured on this amazing album...follow me? didnt thinkso.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is something else. Two words to sum it up would be etheral and sureal. it truly is out of this world and makes you feel like you are living in a fantasy. the whole atmosphere of this album is strange, yet strangely satisfying as there really has been nothing like it before.  it flows together like 1 full piece of work but if you want the top songs i would say how to disappear completely, idioteque, and the national anthem are amazing. word of advice, not everyone will enjoy this album. if you love korn, limp bizkit, or think kid rock is the coolest thing since the beastie boys then you will hate this cd. however if you like ok computer (which is very different yet similar), pink floyd, or great music in general then you will feel the true impact of this beautiful gem.
0440236304|5.0|I have been a student of World War II since junior high (I am now 41).  This book, and the others by Burgett, are the most spell-binding accounts of battle I have ever read.  They really put you into the mind of a young paratrooper.  Burgett doesn't regale you with his acts of heroics.  He does hold others in awe, but describes his own actions in a matter-of-fact manner, downplaying any type of heroics on his part.  What really sets this book apart from other war books, though, is Burgett's eye for detail.  He tells you about the food they ate, the dead livestock, the countryside in a manner that allows the reader to actually visualize it.  Burgett has the same knack for details that Tom Clancy does.  The difference is that Burgett's were all too real.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is something else. Two words to sum it up would be etheral and sureal. it truly is out of this world and makes you feel like you are living in a fantasy. the whole atmosphere of this album is strange, yet strangely satisfying as there really has been nothing like it before.  it flows together like 1 full piece of work but if you want the top songs i would say how to disappear completely, idioteque, and the national anthem are amazing. word of advice, not everyone will enjoy this album. if you love korn, limp bizkit, or think kid rock is the coolest thing since the beastie boys then you will hate this cd. however if you like ok computer (which is very different yet similar), pink floyd, or great music in general then you will feel the true impact of this beautiful gem.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I purchased the PINK cd long before her first single &quot;There you go&quot; got any kind of airplay, and I knew then this girl was incredible. After listening to it the first time I instantly fell in love with &quot;Let you know&quot;, one of the slower ballets on the artists cd. It's smooth rythm and chrous blended over PINK's spectacular voice in a way I hadn't heard since I first fell in love with R&amp;B music. Any one who doesn't like this cd doesn't appreciate orginality and can't possible be ready for my what my girl PINK has planned for the future of R&amp;B music.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is something else. Two words to sum it up would be etheral and sureal. it truly is out of this world and makes you feel like you are living in a fantasy. the whole atmosphere of this album is strange, yet strangely satisfying as there really has been nothing like it before.  it flows together like 1 full piece of work but if you want the top songs i would say how to disappear completely, idioteque, and the national anthem are amazing. word of advice, not everyone will enjoy this album. if you love korn, limp bizkit, or think kid rock is the coolest thing since the beastie boys then you will hate this cd. however if you like ok computer (which is very different yet similar), pink floyd, or great music in general then you will feel the true impact of this beautiful gem.
B00004XONN|5.0|but possibly the best. Radiohead left OK Computer feeling a little numb (refer to &quot;meeting people is easy&quot;), and decided to call it quits if they could not create a cd other than OK Computer part 2. This cd could only be compared lyrically because of it's vagueness and emptyness. The most compelling feature is Kid A's ability to leave you desiring another listen, just to be left unsatisfied again. If you were comforted by the serenity of The Bends, or found OK Computer to be a witty, cynical view of Y2K society (which it's a little more..), then don't read into Kid A. Kid A can only be seen as a corrosive and despondent. Fantastically beautiful at times - &quot;How to Disappear Completely, Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; - but hard to swallow (The National Anthem - a dischordant attack on a certain familiar anthem). I'm left only guessing what the next release will be like (early next year). Bravo Radiohead, for making music honestly. <br />Maybe Thom could write a sweet ballad for Ms. Spears.
0553106635|5.0|Oh dear... It's not oct. 31st and ASoS is finally on my hands,thanx to my little sister's kindess to give it to me as a birthdaygift.  And what else could I say but THANK YOU!   I dunno about US,but here in Aussie, the book already out on the shelves in lateSpetember. I haven't finish reading, but I'm on a good 3/4 of the bookand I say that as much as I expect that it'll go to &quot;thatdirection&quot;... I never expected that it will twist and turn THATway! ...  The story gets darker from the previous two books, and I'msure Martin will make it darker still in the second trilogy. This is agood book, a damn great series.  Buy it.  You won't be sorry....  buttake note that by all means, the content are heavy stuff and can get_depressing...however, this is one hell of a story; perhaps one of thegreatest fantasy stories ever written.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead does it again. Their 4th LP, Kid A is just one more example of why Radiohead remains one of the best bands still making music.  They move forward with each of their last two albums into new and unchartered musical territory, and Kid A is no exception.  The album, like the previous, will grow on you.  That, to me is the sign of a great album.  At first, it sounds unlike anything you've ever heard, and there is some intial hesitancy, but that is because it new and unique.  But with each listen, the songs begin to develop to the listener and the album begins to take shape. This is a guaranteed classic.   The album is a slightly more electronic than Ok Computer, with a bit more of a techno taste, but Radioheaad remains comfortably far from house music.  Kid A is the ultimate blend of the guitar and drums rock and roll of the past and computer age electronic sounds of the present. Radiohead continues to move forward with Kid A, which promises to remain a staple in my disc changer right next to OK and the Bends. p.s. reason to buy instead of burn: secret booklet, try to find it.
B00004XONN|5.0|After listening to &quot;ok computer&quot; you could guess where radiohead where going.From the &quot;mainstream&quot; sound too an even more &quot;deep&quot; and timeless sound.But you shoulld listen to it many times,coz every time it grows.There is so much soul(not the genre)in this cd.There are many incredible tracks but my favourites are 6 and 7.If you haven't gott it yett,go and buy it NOW!
6301971582|5.0|I love the fact that people bother to analyze the character development, plot-lines, etc. of this disco-era piece of fluff. Cracks me up. The movie is, after all, one of the biggest cheese-fests ever made. But it has an endearing charm that many later sci-fi movies clearly lack. If you've never seen it, or have friends that haven't, it's the perfect movie for kicking back and getting drunk to on a sleepy Saturday night. And coming from this boy, that's high praise indeed.
6305841861|5.0|This is simply the best DVD I've ever seen! I was impressed by this movie's improvement on sound, picture quality, and in-menu extras. I'm a big fan of the Evil Dead series...but, even if you're not, you will still love it. Horror/Comedy fans will KILL for this baby! Trust me, Its worth while.
B000001GK9|5.0|Conductor maestros - some people love them, other people hate them - especially Karajan, who has always polarized the classical music world. Well, whether you like him or not, it really doesn't matter here in my opinion. This is because every once in a while, quite rarely actually, some recordings have been released that are standing well above such humble personal, merely mortal feelings such as love or hate, like or dislike. Some recordings, that have stood the test of time. Some recordings, that make you feel like you are a complete and utter part of them, some live recordings especially, that take you on a long and unforgettably intensive journey, so that you almost sweat when you eventually wake up and ask yourself what possibly could have happened, and this is certainly one of the most sublime of them. Out of more than 120 classical CDs, I always come back to this one; no matter who the current fashion is: Salonnen, Rattle, etc., this is a milestone that first of all has yet to be surpassed...<br />The other the reviews in this forum tell very eloquently the other parts and bits and pieces about this recording. Hence, for only a short recital here, especially in the final movement, it seems to me that hardly anyting like it or even close to it has ever been put on record or disc; it is hard to describe in words, but I do believe music has not been made for words. Music has been made for music. And for eternity. <br />If you truly believe in exactly this, this version of Mahler's Ninth is the right one for you. Enjoy it. For eternity.
B00004XONN|5.0|Have you ever received a primal sense of deja vu when listening to an album? As I give Kid A a second listen, it's coming on again. Hovering above the genre-enslaved rivers of popular music, Radiohead has displayed a talent for dipping in for a hook or two....molding it into something far more strange and beautiful and weaving an odd brand of rock music. Kid A goes farther. It dips less, it's pattern is more alien...less defined. The sound is colossal, magnificent, terrifying at times... To try and pick it all apart would be overwhelming. Much like the crop circle, it requires a certain amount of distance to appreciate. The more this listener experiences of Kid A, one thing becomes evidently clear...<br />This is the future. <br />Sadly, it's hard for me to see this album catching. It's very avante-garde in a true sense. As seen to an extent with their previous outing, Kid A holds flashes of familiar things...but they rapidly shift and melt into a more mature, intelligent and unique form. It's a humbling and uplifting listen. Radiohead had previously set near the top of my listening taste...now they reign unchallenged. Kid A may not catch popularly, but this is one people will remember when the trends and fashions of today are only a memory.
B00004XONN|5.0|Buy it. Right now. If you don't have the money, steal it, or sell your kids, whatever, I don't care. Just buy it before you're too late. Please. Then buy OK Computer. Do yourself a favor. &quot;I will see you in the next life&quot;.
B00004XONN|5.0|This Cd is a real Masterpiece. I still like the Cd OK Computer, but I prefer Radiohead's newest Album. Ok computer was an excellent album, but Radiohead managed to overtrump the predecessor. The lyrics convince like the dramatic sound itself. Best track on the Album is How to disappear completly. Treefingers is a n instrumental work, while optimistic is an accoustic track. The whole Cd is very varied. All 10 tracks are pushing on the lachrymal gland. Only deficit of the album is that its 45 minutes are much too short.
B000002KBH|4.0|For the casual fan of the Grateful Dead (like me, who never saw them live), American Beauty is most accessible album to own.  It features many of their most popular songs (Friend of the Devil, Truckin, Ripple, Sugar Magnolia), and represents the Dead performing the relaxed, country-rock/folk-rock that made them such a legendary band. If you are going to buy one Dead album, this is the one.
B00004XONN|5.0|Well, it still sounds totally like Radiohead (which means to me they don't really sound like anyone else).  This album is contemplative, moody and wonderful.  There are long spacey instrumental sections filled with amazing disonant and a-rhythmical sounds that creep through the dense sonic landscape (Definitely a headphone album) coupled with Thom's keen sense of melody.  If you like Radiohead, I think you'll like this album but keep an open mind!
B00004XONN|4.0|...whether this record will head to 5 stars after settling in the brain or be a valiant yet ultimately sterile attempt to write album-length rock for the 21st century.<br />Had it for less than a half-day and am working on the 3rd play. It runs by in a disorienting blur, snatches of melody and electronic blips and bells, classic Thom Yorke exhausted admonishments like &quot;you can try the best you can, the best you can is good enough,&quot; and maybe the best horns applied in rock since Hunters &amp; Collectors, which the song &quot;The National Anthem&quot; brings to mind.<br />Surely the most willfully anti-commercial mainstream rock album put out in the recent past...as ambitious in its own way as something like 'Sgt. Pepper's'...yet I fear in the end that it will be lost in an age when loud rythmic groove reigns supreme.   This is one where you either are open to connect with its cold beauty, or you toss it in the &quot;don't play&quot; CD pile and wonder &quot;wha???&quot;
B00004XONN|4.0|If The Bends was Radiohead's best collection of individual songs and OK Computer was their best concept album in terms of listening to it all in one sitting, then Kid A is one of the most &quot;non-mainstream&quot; commercial releases I've heard in a very long time. My personal favorites are Everything In Its Right Place, The National Anthem, How To Disappear Completely (and never be found), Optimistic and the brilliant Idioteque. I'm looking forward to their next album which should be out in early 2001 and will supposedly contain some &quot;singles&quot; and more &quot;accessible&quot; material. Whatever? ;)  Kid A is best listened to as a thematic journey into isolationism, detachment and the melancholy side of life. Enjoy... you won't be disappointed.<br />- &quot;And if there's one thing I can't stand, it's up.&quot; -
B00000253N|5.0|Many people think that this is the greatest Bob Dylan album ever recorded and they have a lot of reasons to think so. I presonally prefer Blonde on Blonde and to some extent Desire and John Wesley Harding but this is a great Bob Dylan album as well (By the way if you like this album I recommend checking out the other three mentioned above). Anyway, this whole album is just filled with great tunes written in that story telling style that Dylan has become so famous for.<br />For those of you who read my Wonder Boys soundtrack review you'll notice several of the Dylan tracks selected for that project are from this album, and that makes perfect sense. This album is very emotionally charged and thus many of its tracks make good music for a movie. The reason for this sense of powerful sounds is that Dylan had just suffered a divorce and he immediately started work on this album. Thus all of the pain and anguish he had been feeling gets carried right over into these songs.<br />To name favorite tracks is hard on such a great album, but I'll do my best. &quot;Tangled Up In Blue&quot; is probably one of the most popular Dylan albums of all times and with perfect explanation, it's a great song. It has a great sound to it that meshes well with the sing song lyrics that go along with it. I was able to see Dylan in concert once and this song was really the height of the show. &quot;Buckets of Rain&quot; is an often overlooked song but one that I think is simply great nonetheless filled with emotionally naked Dylan's feelings. &quot;Shelter from the Storm&quot; is almost a prayer in its desire for security in an unsecure world. &quot;You're a Big Girl Now&quot; is a great song which if you're interested look for alternate versions of this song. Apparently it was changed just before the album was produced and the liner notes still refer to an older version of this song. And of course &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; is also on here a truly epic song.<br />All in all this is quite probably one of Bob Dylan's greatest albums, but a different one from many of his other albums. Where most of the time Dylan allows us to view his mind and see what he is thinking, this album is truly a look into his soul, and thus we see a very different side of this most wonderful songwriter. I highly recommend this album to everyone.ne of Bob Dylan's greatest albums, but a different one from many of his other albums. Where most of the time Dylan allows us to view his mind and see what he is thinking, this album is truly a look into his soul, and thus we see a very different side of this most wonderful songwriter. I highly recommend this album to everyone.
B00004XONN|4.0|The band continues its departure (that it started with OK Computer) from radio-friendly tracks. And that's a good thing. There's not a single song here, except How To Disappear Completely, that I could see getting any air time. The album begins with Everything In Its Right Place, a brooding song with distorted vocals that sets the tone for the entire set. This should be listened to all in one sitting, and preferably with headphones to pick everything up. Each track sounds better in the context of the whole, rather than taking one or the other on its own. Definitely one for true fans, not for someone looking for a hit single!
B00004XONN|5.0|Rating this album is a tough decision.  Will it ultimately have as emotional an impact as The Bends, or a societal impact like OK Computer?  Probably not.  But judged on its own merits--the ability to surprise, enlighten, confuse, and challenge the listener, Kid A is in a league all it's own. <br />To classify this under any label would be an exercise in futility, although it seems to contain some of the best elements of electronica (and none of the bad or cliche ones) as well as jazz.  The rock (or punk, really) element resides solely in its attitude:  the fact that Radiohead actually had the cojones to release this daring tour de force. The songwriting has become buried under so much studio tinkering, it's hard to tell what the genesis of any of these tracks could be (acoustic demos, feedback noodling, drum or keyboard loops, who knows?).    <br />As for lyrical content, even a stop at Radiohead's website for a listing of the song's words doesn't help too much.  Instead of trying to make a grand statement about the state of the world (and the minds living in it) with a whole album or with individual songs, this time Yorke seems to be delivering a separate feeling or message with each oblique &amp; urgent line.  A hidden booklet underneath the CD tray will give you a random assortment of them.<br />It would be incorrect to say this albums is for everyone; it absolutely demands repeat listenings, and lots of them.  But with all the albums coming (or already) out this fall, will anyone have the time to play this over and over and over?  If you like reading a good mystery, or viewing an &quot;art film&quot;, this album is for you.  It is something to be delved into and explored, so bring your flashlight.<br />Kid A may not be the savior of rock and roll in 2000 (that job will apparently be left to U2's eagerly awaited new populist manifesto), but they've given it a makeover, and one that's effects will be felt for a long time to come.
0684853523|5.0|I am always completely drawn into Stephen King's characters - they live and breathe for me - and that's why I am such a big fan of his work.  Although the events and situations are not within the realm of my experience (or anyone else's, I hope!), it is the fact of the believability of the characters that make them so darn scary.  This little (for King) book sheds some light on how he manages that remarkable feat of making the reader believe in his story people, and his stories.  The first third of the book is a memoir of his time spent becoming a writer, which I found to be  fascinating (I didn't know about his substance abuse), friendly, and frightening (a babysitter from hell!).  The whole book reads like an intimate, relaxed visit on the back porch with an old buddy and I loved the time I spent visiting with a well-loved author.  I have just one question - What's behind that cellar door on the cover?
B000002LK1|5.0|Great Music by DM again.More than worth the money and definitely will be one of Ur all time favourite CDs.
B000002MX7|5.0|I purchased this CD and find myself continually playing it. The strength of this ARTIST is her ability to carry the listener into the music and lyrics.  I purchased one for a friend because I wanted to share the magic, and love Chaka puts into her songs. I write poetry, and find the lyrics of many of her songs, not just on this CD, but others she released have a poetic quality or aspect. Sit back, turn up the volume and enjoy.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day has done it again. Successfully keeping their punk roots while chugging out the rock tunes is still paying off. They no longer seem to have as strong as a smart-alecky attitude like they did in the days of Dookie, but they've still got it. Rocking hits like Minority, Blood, Sex, and Booze, Church on Sunday, and Castaway will keep you hooked. Not one song in here is a dud; its easy to listen to this cd the whole way through! This is Green Day at their best, buy it ASAP! :)
B00004XONN|5.0|This is a brilliant follow-up to Radiohead's last album, OK Computer.  It is very synthesized, including electronic drum sounds and voice distortions, but it is good listening.  From the first track, &quot;Everything in its Right Place,&quot;  to the the last, this is a pleasing album.  &quot;Ideoteque,&quot; begins as a techno/dance anthem, but introduces a great melody that continues with a thriving beat.  This album is very complete.  The only song I really don't like is &quot;Treefingers,&quot; which seems a pointless instrumental.  Don't let that discourage you.  This is a good, quality music from one of today's greatest bands.
B00004XONN|5.0|With Radiohead Kid A seems to be making an argument for existence that is beyond comprehension.  The noisiness, the &quot;songless-ness&quot; all point to an idea of art that cannot be scientifically reduced and must be taken whole.  This seems an obvious counter-point to the idea of &quot;better living through science.&quot;  To clone a person (Kid A) is an attempt to fix creation, to scientifically control life.  Radiohead sees the result of this view as a formless and disquieting isolation--a fear that can only be expressed in mutterings and whines.  The album art echoes these feelings (White in Romantic literature is often associated with the unconquerable, i.e.,Moby Dick.  the mountains suggest the unconquerable--not to mention a tongue in cheek reference to there own creative peak.  Good, brainy stuff.
B00004XONN|4.0|Kid A, simply is Radiohead's very obvious attempt at avoiding the trap of putting out an 'Alright Computer' to build on the success of OK C's sounds.<br />Radiohead have found the way to the left of the field and have dashed off into the horizon.<br />They do this with huge success considering how bad this album could have been. Basically, this album's use of the electronic gives them a new, unexpected sound without killing what people like about Radiohead songs (ie. Thom Yorke's voice, Jonny Greenwood's presence on a myriad of instruments).<br />The only clunker here is 'Treefingers' which really should have been cut up and made into a few interludes, or something.<br />'Motion Picture Soundtrack' might come across a bit too kitch for many RH fans' tastes. For those who have heard the original acoustic guitar version, the organs, harps and choirs take some getting used to...<br />Kid A is a great album from a band who are going through a Beatles-esque creative spurt. The album's best enjoyed when it's not taken as the be-all and end-all of modern music. Another album's out next year and EPs will abound. Just roll with it, and you'll be fine.
B00004XONN|5.0|This much anticipated follow up to one of the few multivalent albums of the last 20 years is a great modernist step forward for Radiohead, only less grandiose than OK Computer (as the music does not swell and refrain with drama until track 10).  The new level of experimentation really makes it hard to believe this was the same group who had born Pablo Honey in the early 90's.<br />Enoesque?-Quite, yet two others could be cited as influences (with a slight nod to Aphex Twin in Idioteque)because, Laurie Anderson (the experimental dissonance and performance of Kid A),and  Jeff Buckley (the cooing and guitar work of Optimistic) should be given some credit by critics here.<br />This album could stand with the Verise and Le Corbusier partnered piece-&quot;Poeme Electronique&quot; as a modernist experiment and compositon because the almost stark, (Hyper)modernist sound and clean production of this album can only make it stand on its own as a great piece of music which sounds like the post 2000 year.  Its lyrics match our time, filled with a dichotomy of complacency ((based on a good technologically based economy?)) and confusion((of what the hell could happen next?)).<br />This fall release is certainly timely for as with winter this will develop as cool, clean, and yet like a snowflake, highly complex.
6305648522|3.0|5 stars - I've seen the original in Italian (at least 25 times) since its release... however, the version we saw in the U.S. was half hour shorter than the Italian release (I was lucky enough to obtain the original length VHS version years ago.)   In the original, after 30 years we learn that Elena did come to meet Toto prior to her departure as they had planned but... well ... It would be a crime to give it away (In the hopes that you see the original.)  The missing pieces make the ending - and all the pieces in between - fit like a perfect glove.  The gift that Alfredo made to Toto (the pieced together clips of missing kissing scenes) has a greater meaning when put in the full context (I still get emotional seeing it.)  It's even more poignant than before but, unfortunately, the meaning of a lot of the symbols and scenes, although pretty good in the U.S. release, were catapulted onto a different level in the longer version.
B000002H2H|5.0|This cd is so awesome.  If you are used to albums like 'Metallica' and 'ReLoad' then it will take a little bit to get used to James voice in this album.  But after you get used to that this is the most amazing album.  And it has the two greatest Metallica songs in my opinion: Fade to Black and For Whom The Bell Tolls.  Fade To Black is my all time favorite song in the world, its so amazing.  After listening to this you just cant compare Metallica to any other band in the world, no one else comes close.  I would like to know what band has made a song that has half the quality of Fade.  Its that good people. If you have any interest in Metallica you have to have this cd!!
B00004Z511|5.0|I'm an avid listener of Radiohead, so I find this new album very easy to fall in love with. It does what few albums could. No singles. No videos. Will it succeed? I honestly think it will. It is already creating hype using anti-hype methods (sort of the old &quot;addition by subtraction&quot; / &quot;less is more&quot; avenue) and I respect that. The music is far from OK Computer - even more atmospheric and hauntingly hypnotic. I am in total support of the efforts and musical direction they have taken themselves... I eagerly await the highly probable EP.     -- Nobody Does It Better
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead, the name lingers in the air everytime spoken.  Its literal meaning alone resembles the unavoidable wavelengths of radio waves transmitted everywhere with no escape.  Most ironically, an album not to be released with any singles nor videos.  A sultry look into music itself, redefining what lifestlye rock stars might lead.  But that is not Radiohead,  they are anything but rock stars.  What questions those to their defiance is something unaltered and innocent. In other context, 'Kid A' is different, but above all, an accomplishment. Radiohead is not trying to change rock and roll forever, they just awant to write music for wht any artist should do anything for, themself. This individuality is expressed in the beautifully recycled loops and ingenious use of brass instruments wondering througout 'Kid A'. 'Everything In Its Right Place', the opening track, displays confidence that this record is unlike anything your bound to hear on the radio. The almost monotonous tones escape your ears then thrash through them again. The hysterical horn essemble in 'The National Anthem', provides utter confusion at first, but then settles to an ambient rest. Thom's emotions are put out so vividly its a shame we cannot give some back to him. Some may say this is the result of a band with too much power to do whatever they please, but should not a band only produce what they truly believe is their's alone.  'How To Disappear Completely' brings about a climatic ending without the extremist attitude displayed in 'OK Computer', something extremely difficult to accomplish in a song of complete ambience. 'Optimistic' gives off the most uplifting feeling within the album, hence the name. Providing a warmth not heradled before in earlier albums. 'Kid A' conveys the attitude that the album must be listened to in whole, much like 'OK Computer'. Not to be seperated as a creative work, another reason why no singles are to be released. The last track 'Motion Picture Soundtrack', gives a finished feel to the album, ending 'Kid A' extremely short and sweet. One must love the ending lyric, as Thom regrettedly sings 'I will see you, in the next life'.  Seperating this album from 'OK Computer' and 'The Bends' is a feeling of acceptance and a reminder of what music should be.  With a warmth to be experienced with each repeated listening.  'Kid A' is a surprise throughout its grandness, and most importantly, a pleasant one.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead have done it again. While this album is no 'OK Computer', (that is not a criticism) it is equally as brilliant: they are very different works that simply cannot be compared. There is nothing remotely commercial about Kid A - no singles or videos will be released - kudos for the band for creating this uncommercial album - I am sure their record company were praying for OK Computer - part two. This album's 'songs' (if they can be called that) have little structure or melody, yet are incredibly beautiful and poignant. There is little guitar (some acoustic) on this album; soft drums, bass and keyboards dominate.  Kid A demands that you listen to it in a single sitting - it is not background music, but an album to pay attention to. Standout tracks are 'Everyting in its Right Place', 'Kid A' (beautiful) and 'Treefingers'. Thom Yorke's vocals and lyrics are often impossible to understand; yet paradoxically this does not hamper enjoyment - it enhances it; you can sense his alienation and confusion.  To write about this amazing work is very difficult. Mere words simply cannot do it justice. Why not listen for yourself, and hopefully you will enjoy an intense, intelligent and unique musical experience. I have never heard anything quite like it.
B00004XONN|5.0|what a way to celebrate my birthday.  best cd out by any band since ok computer.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I just got this cd and it has really good songs on it.  Every single song is worth listening to.  Listen to some of the samples and you'll see what I mean.
B00004XONN|4.0|Ok. Definitely not radiohead's best. They go a bit over the top on their outer artsy journey. Drooaaaning, mooaaaning, organesque, soaked up in depression, under a cloud. But I guess that's radiohead......Not the same power vibe that ok computer carried.
B00004XQP4|5.0|This cd is really good but is not what you are going to expect.  When you think of Green Day you think of a punk-rock band that is strictley punk.  But this cd is not so much punk as it is a rock-pop.  Even though there is a change it is done very well.  I suggust that you first listen to a few songs before buying it, but I do strongly recommend that you go out and buy it.
B00004XONN|4.0|Ok. Definitely not radiohead's best. They go a bit over the top on their outer artsy journey. Drooaaaning, mooaaaning, organesque, soaked up in depression, under a cloud. But I guess that's radiohead......Not the same power vibe that ok computer carried.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead is without a doubt the future of rock music.  There last three albums of continued to exceed all expectations and scrutiny. Few bands can maintain such a high level of musicial art on each recording.  In my humble opinion, Radiohead's music on the last two albums reaches the level of &quot;art.&quot;  How many other bands can achieve such a lofty goal.  I can only hope Radiohead continues to maintain their music intergity in a musical world surrounded by Backstreet boys and Britney Spears clones.
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead's music keeps growing.  A bold, rare statement to follow up thier operatic O.K. with an album full of ambient and non commercial music.  Not that the kids of today could swallow up karma police too easily.  Kid A has plenty of beautiful &amp; mind etching melodies played by an immensely talented band. 100 years from now mostly all rock and electronic musicians will regard this band as one of their major influences.  New album in early 2001.
B00004XONN|5.0|Wow.  Anyone who is familiar with Radiohead knew that this album, the follow-up to 1997's OK Computer was going to be different.  But did anyone expect this?  The band has somehow manged to pull off the impossible... to create a follow-up to one of the most spectacular and original works of the 90's that is an equal if not greater piece of art.  Not since Nirvana's In Utero has there been this much anticipation for a rock album.  The burden on the band was enormous.  But they make it all seem so easy.  <br />The album is all at once familar yet new.  There is never a doubt that what you are hearing is anyone but Radiohead.  Who else could it be?  Yet, the band had thrown away the remnants of the typical song structure, including, for the most part, the guitar. It's not until the fourth song, How To Disapear Completely, that a reconizable guitar appears. <br />The album appears to follow a classic vinyl album approach.  It's short, only 50 minutes long, and quite easily divisable into a side a and b.  Side b starts off with the catchiest and closest thing to a single, Optimistic, with a great guitar line and lyric, &quot;Big fish eat the little one, big fish eat the little ones,&quot;  and great understated chorus, &quot;this one's optimistic, this one went to market.&quot;   <br />This music is undeniable and classic.  Kid A will remain with you for days after hearing.  And like all great albums, it gets better with each listen.
B00004XONN|5.0|what can i possibly say but wow! ? radiohead proves with each record that they just get better and better. i hate reading reviews where they give away every song so i won't do that. buy it. listen to it. love it. i promise you.
B00004XONN|5.0|Once I got pat the fact that it's not quite as good as OK Computer (but what is?) I was able t enjoy this masterpiece. Simply stunning.
B00004Z511|5.0|the Kid A cd and the limited edition cd are the same. it's the beautiful packaging that differs. buy this.
0385471483|3.0|Como agua para Chocolate captura la cultura latinoamericana con su sabor a miel y fuego, con la dulzura de la noche y la agresividad de sus familias.  La historia es excelente, pero en cierta manera antigua en la manera en que el romanticismo captura los personajes.  Es una buena introduccion a los andares de la literatura latinoamericana pero no una obra maestra en este genero.
B00004XONN|4.0|I was less than impressed initially, but the more I've listened to it, the better it's gotten. If I wrote this three hours from now, I'd probably be giving this album 5 stars. &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; is such an understated album opener that it's...well, it seem like a bit of a let down (pun not intended). Or it could be that the intent is to steer away from the big-guitar stuff to such a degree that such a track was needed as preparation for the rest of the record.    For fans of OK Computer, &quot;The National Anthem&quot; is a standout. In fact, if you find that the opening track (&quot;Everything in...&quot;) is off-putting, listen to this song first and then to the album as a whole. It's a nice bridge between the two albums (OK Computer and Kid A).       Long story short, this album will only get better as time passes. Radiohead still freaks me out.
B00003CX8J|4.0|When I first heard the pre-release news of an X-Men movie,I was very skeptical.Seems like Super-Hero Movies are destined to bomb with lousy plots and moronic costumes and silly special effects...Not the situation here with X-Men! I was riveted to my seat with the spectacular special effects,the realistic portrayal of the characters,and the non-stop action sequences.To a true X-Men fan,you miss main characters,Colossus,Gambit,Nightcrawlerand Bishop who were questionably left out of the Movie,but exciting performances by Wolverine,Storm,Magneto,Sabretooth,Mystique,&amp; Toad compensate for the loss.The Movie follows the prejudice judged against these unusual &quot;mutant&quot; beings with strange powers who must also face a vengeful Magneto and his Brotherhood Of Evil who decided Humankind will never accept their kind.The attacks are sudden and swift,the excitement &amp; suspense builds to a climax and the Special Effects are as good as it gets.You don't need to be an X-Men fan to enjoy this action-packed movie.If you're looking for &quot;bang for your buck&quot;,this will be quite satisfying.I'm already anxiously awaiting the forthcoming sequel..........
B000002H6C|4.0|Actually, the Justice album is known for the song &quot;one&quot; which is one of my favorite Metallica songs. That song alone gives it a four-star rating. I didn't give it five stars because a lot of the songs are too slow. In fact I only listen to 3 songs, &quot;Blackened&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, and &quot;Shortest Straw&quot;. The good thing is that these are really good songs. I can like two or three songs that are awesome and still call it a good CD. But if there are two half-good songs that I don't really enjoy I give it away. Metallica has made even a few songs enjoyable. That's why I love them so much. To me that is a good rock band. But I wish Justice had more thrash on it. But overall it's pretty good.
B00004X01U|1.0|I don't think she's the innovator that everyone is making her out to be. Look at this stuff on the album, it's all retro stuff that's been done a million times before. I bet she even hyped up the electronica thing, cause people said there was a hint of it in Ray of light album. So she went with it. So what's new about synthesizer and voice over samples...duh.  And what's new about her Patsy Cline look-a-like cowgirl outfit. She's funny in it actually.
B000002LEE|4.0|Personally, I enjoy more fast paced records over mellowed out, tired vibes. But every now and then, I get an urge to yank this out and let it play the whole way through. It is what you should buy if you heard them on the radio with Jane Says or something like that, because it is slower, kind of like this band's version of Californication. Call it their concept album, call it dull, whatever, it's still good after all these years. Perry was basically the one holding this band together, his sneering, nasal delivery echoing over Dave Navarro's sleepy, warm riffs. Jane's Addiction were a really unique band, looking back. Come on, compare them to one band, just one. Red Hot Chili Peppers? No, too much funk. Led Zeppelin? No, too little funk and bass. Faith No More? No, that's just silly. You see? Email me if you come up with one, but my point is that they were great and there are legions of fans that would die to see them get back together. Stephen's drums were really high energy and influential, keeping pace with the music magnificently. There will never be another band like Jane's, and there will never be another album like Nothing's Shocking. Suggested tracks: Jane Says, Ted, Just Admit It, Summertime Rolls, Up The Beach, Standing In The Shower...Thinking, Mountain Song. Suggested bands: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Led Zeppelin, Eagles (same epic quality), Fantomas. Suggested Albums: Led Zeppelin's S/T, Jane's Addiction's Ritual De Lo Habitual. Recommended.
B00004XONN|4.0|I bought Kid A last saturday in a corner cd shop. I's good, and offers something new in R.H. opus. Thom's voice sometimes is overwhelmed (or saved) by sounds (and noises?). Idioteque is my song. I listened more and more good and sad songs, like optimistic and motion picture soundtrack. Now I'll go in my garage: and no suprises...
B00004XONN|5.0|The CD is really growing on me.  I was alarmed when I didn't like the first 3 songs during my first listen in my friend's car as we drove back to work.  It sounded too electronic and spacey at the time.  I don't know if it was the sound of traffic or the wind blowing by or what, but when I listened to it on my headphones once I got back to my desk, I REALLY liked it.<br />I think in the car I couldn't hear all the nuances and subtleties of the first 2 songs.  They sounded aimless and meandering in the car, but through the headphones they sounded awesome.  I kind of like the shift in sound from their previous work that dominates most of the CD.  They didn't try to repeat OK Computer or even continue down the same path.  I'm sure a lot of hardcore and casual RH fans won't like this CD, but I'm digging it.  It's definitely a CD that is growing on me rather than grabbing me on the first couple of listens, so I'm looking forward to a nice long shelf life.<br />I really like the feel of &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; and the spacey groove of &quot;The National Anthem&quot;.  Thom's vocal on &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; is right up with his best from OKC and I like the sweeping instrumentation laid over the odd keyboard parts.  While the rocking guitar parts of their last 3 LPs are, for the most part, absent, my favorite song on Kid A is the guitar driven, more old-school RH tune, &quot;Optimistic&quot;.  There are very few songs this time around that jump out and scream to be thrown onto a mix tape, unlike The Bends and Pablo Honey that were full of vocal, rhythmic and guitar hooks.  It's more of a aural patchwork of mood pieces - &quot;In Limbo&quot; and &quot;Morning Bell&quot; are good exapmles of that.  What sounded aimless at first now strikes me as wonderfully relaxed and free.  Just about any given part of the CD sounds like waking up from a weird dream.  And I mean that in the best way possible.<br />PS - I don't know if this is common knowledge or not, but for a pleasant surprise, try popping the CD tray out.  You will find a booklet filled with creepy little drawings and non-sequitors.  I was poking around because I was suspicious of the lack of much writing in the main booklet.  Enjoy!
B00004XONN|1.0|Wow.  Never before has a band dropped so low so fast.  OK Computer was one of the best albums ever produced, up there with Dark Side of the Moon.  But Kid A is such a completely unlistenable waste of time that it angered me to sit through it.  At the end of every God awful &quot;song&quot;, I hoped that the next song would be a fantastic peice of musical artwork, since I know the band is capable of it.  Instead the CD just got more and more lost in art-school tripe.  This is quite simply the worst collection of &quot;music&quot; ever assembled.  Unless you are a blind, obsessed Radiohead fan, DO NOT buy this CD, DO NOT download it for free, DO NOT waste 45 minutes of your life listening to it, you cannot get that time back.  Listen to Pablo Honey, The Bends, OK Computer, heck even the Romeo and Juliet soundtrack, but please do yourself a favor, and pretend this album was never released.  You'll be glad you did.<br />*The More You Know*
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day- Warning is a great album.  It lives up to all of their previous albums.  This cd is a little different then the resto f their albums, but not in a bad way.  They use many instruments, like the harmonica, the farlisa, and the acordian.  Even though the cd only has 12 songs, it actualy lasts longer then any of their other cds.  Overall, this is a great album by a great band.  If you like Green Day's other stuff, you should definently buy this album.  And even if you don't like some of their other cds, you may like this one.
B00000ILDE|5.0|If you enjoy science fiction and fantasy movies then you will most certainly enjoy this one.  It's true that the majority of sequels in moviedom are pale in comparisson to the original, however Aliens is more than a match for it's predecessor Alien.<br />James Cameron's script really captures the mood and he creates a fine ensemble of characters played by competent actors such as Michael Biehn and Bill Paxton. Even Weaver's character &quot;Ripley&quot; is still relatively fresh and interesting at this point in the series.  The film trades a lot of the quiet, chilling suspense of the original Alien for gun-totting action.  However it remains suitably dark and oppresive as the colonial marines soon find out they are no match for the hive of deadly Aliens and it becomes a tense fight for survival.<br />Clever and original plot, this is arguably Cameron's best film.  The DVD version is certainly comprehensive and contains just about everything you could want (except maybe a directors commentary).  FOX are among the best for quality and extra features on their DVD releases.  Most importantly this release is the &quot;Directors Cut&quot; containining the extra 17 minutes of footage that was cut from previous versions.  It should be noted that the picture quality IS grainy, but this is due to the original quality of the 1986 35mm film reel.<br />If you liked the first Alien movie, this one is a must.  Even people who are not fans of the genre would be hard pressed not to take something out of this movie.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Wow. About 2 weeks ago a friend of mine downloaded this album and burned it onto a CD for me. Its missing a couple of songs but I got most of them. Here is the analysis of Green Day's next-million seller:<br />1. WARNING: It's great. It's kind of a new style for Green Day. It has a medium paced beat and features acoustic guitar all throughout. 4/5<br />2. BLOOD, SEX, AND BOOZE: This is an awesome song. It's kind of a follow up to Nimrod's &quot;Hitchin A Ride&quot;. It chug-a-lugs and is a raging rocker at the same time. 5/5<br />3. CHURCH ON SUNDAY: It's good. It's not quite as hard as previous GD recordings, but it's done in a way only GD could pull off. 4/5<br />4. FASHION VICTIM: This one's not bad either. It's actually good. It's kind of like church on sunday: Classic GD, but not quite as hard. 3/5<br />5. CASTAWAY: This is faster and a bit harder than the previous four. It's got lots of melody (as does all of the songs on here). 3/5<br />6. MISERY: This is an extremely experimental song. It features an accordian, harmonica, trumpet, and about fifty other instruments not normally associated with punk. It's kind of funny at times. It's actually a good song tho. 5/5<br />7. DEADBEAT: This is one of the ones I didn't get. So don't ask me.<br />8. HOLD ON: I don't listen to this one much. It's okay I guess but nothing special. 2/5<br />9. JACKASS: This is alright. It's kinda sentimental, but not without that classic GD touch. 3/5<br />10. WAITING: The other one I didn't get.<br />11. MINORITY: Everybody knows this song, and I have nothing new to say about it. For those of you who DON'T know tho, it's different, but good. 5/5<br />12. MACY'S DAY PARADE: This is a follow-up to &quot;Time Of Your Life&quot;. It's slow, acoustic, and it has sentimental lyrics: &quot;Cause I'm thinkin bout a brand new home, one I've never known, cause now I know it's all that I wanted&quot; It's good tho. 5/5.<br />Overall this  CD gets a 4/5 from me. It's one small step for GD..........and one giant leap for the music industry.
B00004XONN|5.0|Superb album-will require a few spins before you can appreciate the intent of this album. Very obscure from the onset it takes you on a full range of emotions. Unlike OK computer(a must buy)it doesn't emphasize hard guitar riffs, but it does go places that album really couldn't-This is really the only band that I know of that is trying to push sound and music ahead to a place we haven't seen yet. I think The Bends and OK Computer were ahead of their time musically, but KID A takes us to not only a new time but probably a new world. Worth every penny!! If your looking for something like &quot;Creep&quot; pick up the latest Verve release, Radiohead looks ahead not behind for musical ideas. If your looking for something that will keep you hooked for years Kid A is the one for you---5 out of 5 stars for me!!
068818071X|4.0|In Rachel's Holiday Marion Keyes does what would seem to be impossible; she effortlessly writes a story that is both very humorous and an engrossing tale of addiction.  The humor is similar in tone to that in Bridget Jones' Diary.  It is very funny, particularly in the first half.<br />Nevertheless, it is what seems to be a very accurate protrait of addiction.  Luckily for the reader, the humor keeps the book from being either heavy handed or depressing.  The first person narrative is very effective in making the reader understand both the strength of denial and the grip of the addiction on the psyche of the addict.  The reader is as surprised as Rachel to find out how much her behavior strayed from the norm when under the influence of drugs.  The book is educational without ever being pedantic.  (Although the characters do engage in therapy-speak for parts of the second half of the book.)<br />The primary characters are very well drawn.  Some secondary characters are gross stereotypes, but that is the exception in the book.
B00004XQP4|4.0|The entire CD is pretty good.  You probably know the hit song and that's the reason you're buying this.  Once you get bored of that one song you'll get hooked on another and another until you like the whole CD.  Great guitar and milder Green Day stuff.  To me much less swearing than Nimrod.
B00004XONN|3.0|This album is not for the impatient. You have to sit down, relax, and be able to go through some seemingly boring moments to get to the gold. Some of this album, in my opinion, is border-line pretentious. I mean, lots of it doesn't even have a melody. It just kind of wanders. I think this album can be compared to the album Adore by the Smashing Pumpkins. I'm not saying I like it as much as Adore, but as far as leaving the strats for the piano and acoustic guitar it is very similar. I'm not the biggest radiohead fan to say the least. I'm sure all radiohead fans will love it. Bottom line: if you are tired of the same old guitar riffs and want to listen to something fresh, buy the album.
B00003Q43A|1.0|This really is a dire movie.  This is a perfect example of how movies can become succesful based on their special effects alone.  Make no mistake, the effects are outstanding.  Computer imagery at its best.  Some of the computer generated scenes, especially the explosions and the destruction of capital cities is breathtaking.  Worth the price of the DVD alone?  It better be because there's no other reason to buy this movie.<br />The plot is so simplistic and unplausable that only young children would be able to watch the movie with any kind of suspension of disbelief.  There are plot holes the size of the alien mothership that comes down to destroy the whitehouse.<br />The acting is mainly average and heavily cliched, Will Smith plays ...Will Smith (can he play any other role?).  Randy Quaid is laughable (for all the wrong reasons) as the stereotypical down-on-his-luck redneck.  Bill Pullman is unconvincing as the president of the US.  Even the excellent Jeff Goldblum cannot save the day.  The script and characters are so awfully cheesey you don't so much sympathise for earth's plight but more so for the aliens.<br />No doubt one of the worst movies I ever saw and if you are the kind of person who watches movies for more than just computer generated fighter planes and explosions then you WILL want to give this one a miss.  I've seen better movies on Mystery Science Theatre!
B00004Z511|5.0|Are you looking for another CD to sing along too?  Craving that shower-time special CD?  Well you might as well keep looking because you aren't even CLOSE.  Always defying &quot;pop&quot; culture with breakthrough albums, Radiohead takes another leap forward in it's quest for...  well...  whatever it is that Radiohead has been searching for all of this time.  Let's face it, Radiohead is not your &quot;normal&quot; band, so why should they release a &quot;normal&quot; record?  This album takes OK Computer and turns up the artistic liberties by about 100 notches.  Many of the songs are lacking rock form besides the track &quot;Optimistic,&quot; which almost instantly became one of my favorite tracks with very unlikely &quot;Radiohead lyrics&quot; of &quot;try the best you can, you can try the best you can...  the best you can is good enough.&quot;  The most amazing thing about this album is that you are more likely to be bewildered by it than fall in love with it.  But rather, there will be a moment (after the fourth or fifth time through the album) that it begins to become familiar and very pleasing.  So if you are a mega-fan of Radiohead, like I am, then don't hesitate with buying this album.  But if you love their &quot;hits&quot; then you might want to check out your mega-fans copy a few times before jumping head first into this complex swarm of musical ideas.  Happy listening!
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has been, in my opinion, one of the most creative, artistic, talented and original bands in history, and &quot;Kid A&quot; just supports that.  It is an absolutely amazing piece of music...I waited for months for the release, and it is every bit as good I expected it to be and better.  With each cd Radiohead has gotten more and more experimental, and in my opinion with each cd their talent has shone brighter.  I am at a loss for words to describe this cd; there aren't any words anywhere that can do it justice!  It deserves five, six, ten, a thousand stars...
B00003CXDF|4.0|This film is quite good if all you are looking for is some rapid fire action scenes, lots of explosions, good chase scenes, and a love story wrapped up into it.   I  Thandie Newton is a big bright spot, she looks magical on screen, beautiful and mysteriously charming.   Tom Cruise does a good job as well, although the object of the film seems to be to get as many closeups on his face as possible.   Dougray Scott does alright as a villain, but his Scottish accent somehow sounds fake.  There's a lot of tricky spy stuff in this story.   People changing faces, masks, lots of deceit, lots of twists, but it is not as unpredictable as you might think.   John Woo does a fine job of creating quality action scenes, including slow-mo Matrix type sequences.    The story really flows together well, so I would definitely recommend this action thrill-fest.  If what you're looking for is a completely serious movie, bound by all kinds of rules and restrictions, this isn't for you, but if you want some fun, a good story in the tradition of the original Mission Impossible series, and great action delivered by the master himself, John Woo, then this is a good film for you.  Personally its worth seeing just for some of the acting.  Newton and Cruise have great chemistry together, and she seems ready to become a major actress in her own right, she's well worth seeing, and Cruise as usual, delivers an excellent performance.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead appear to have gone through a transformation which has tempted successful bands for decades; the reaction to universal critical acclaim. As documented in &quot;Meeting People Is Easy,&quot; the popularity of &quot;OK Computer&quot; made Radiohead painfully uneasy. &quot;Kid A&quot; is the sort turn-around that intends to shake a band's reputation as Saviors Of Rock. Bearing no discernable singles or memorable melodies, &quot;Kid A&quot; might be the kind of album that would remain forever obscure if it weren't by an internationally heralded rock band. I won't describe the songs specifically - the album is best digested as a cohesive whole (Radiohead have refused to delineate any singles). <br />To the point, &quot;Kid A&quot; is not a commericaly palatable album. Its mostly electronic soundscapes indulge more in repetitious beats and loops - in other words, &quot;Kid A&quot; succeeds in making &quot;OK Computer&quot;'s forays into electronics absolutley negligible. &quot;Kid A&quot; is NOT a pop album. But it does serve as a profound reinvention of a band who can, as always, be trusted in what they choose to undertake. While it may put off Radiohead's casual fans, &quot;Kid A&quot; will probably do nothing to deter critical acclaim (much like how the inaccessible &quot;In Utero&quot; failed to erase the 'revolutionary' &quot;Nevermind&quot;). <br />All of the above is a roundabout way of telling you that : &quot;Kid A&quot; is a work of genius.
B00004U8H4|4.0|Right from the opening credits, when you see what you think is blood, but it turns out to be something else, you know you are in for a weird and wild trip.<br />This movie satires society in how some of us have become so preoccupied with being wealthy having the best of everything.  Christian Bale plays Patrick Bateman, a wallstreet suit whose life is the material world.  He is a self-loving, materialistic s.o.b. who has a little hobby on the side.  He loves to kill people.<br />Some may find the acting dull, but the character of Bateman is just that.  He lives his life like it is a movie and he is just merely going along for the ride.  Those that get in his way just end up being killed, violently(the violence is shown off screen).  Bateman has absolutely no human emotions such as joy and pain.  <br />The ending of the movie will surprise the viewers and really make them wonder what actually happened and what Bateman just imagined.  It gets trippy and weird.  I just wish the dvd had a commentary track as to explain what the hell was really going on.  Still,  the movie delivers its message across to the those with an open mind.<br />American Psycho truly satires the upperclass of the late 80s with a murderous twist.  People make reservations in restaurants just cause they can, not cause they're hungry.  They snort coke, use prostitutes, and compare the type of paper and the fonts of their business cards.  When they're at work, they seem at the top of their game.  Once at home,  they're rather dull.  <br />There are some truly laugh out loud moments in this movie if you have a twisted mind.  I found myself laughing and shaking my head at some of the murders and the predicaments Bateman and his colleagues get into.  If one is looking for a unique, twisted, and funny movie, check out American Pyscho.
0790732017|2.0|I felt this film had two great things going for it: Steve McQueen's performance and a beautiful and dramatic score composed by Jerry Goldsmith. McQueen's performance here as Papillon is much different from that of his \\"Cooler King\\" Hilts in THE GREAT ESCAPE. Here he is much more world-weary with no signs of flamboyancy but still determined and dogged. I felt McQueen's full potential in this film was hindered by the script which had his character linked to Louis Dega (Dustin Hoffman) a mild-mannered counterfeiter who Papillon agrees to protect if he will finance an escape. There is just no screen chemistry between McQueen and Hoffman. In many of his films McQueen was essentially a loner with his own agenda (HELL IS FOR HEROES, THE CINCINNATI KID, BULLITT, THE THOMAS CROWN AFFAIR). In his best roles McQueen was still the loner but he usually came through in the end either through self realization of his humanity or at the expense of his own ideals and/or his life (THE SAND PEBBLES, THE GREAT ESCAPE, SOLDIER IN THE RAIN, NEVADA SMITH). That is why the best part of this film is when McQueen is put in solitary confinement. Here we really see Steve McQueen the loner. Solitary confinement does not break him; it only strengthens his resolve to escape. Even though I liked Steve McQueen's performance as the unbreakable human spirit he represented I just never liked this film. This film is based on the novel by Henri Charriere supposedly based on true experiences. I don't see McQueen as the character Charriere wrote about. Frankly McQueen's talents are too good for this role. McQueen gives Papillon more depth than all the other characters in the film. Also McQueen's performance tremendously outweighs the script which is very plodding and just goes on too long. The film however did contain other good performances from Anthony Zerbe, Don Gordon, Bill Mumy and Gregory Sierra. Franklin J. Schaffner (THE BEST MAN, PLANET OF THE APES, PATTON and the underrated classic ISLANDS IN THE STREAM) directed the film.STREAM) directed the film.
6305603847|4.0|The Plot: Is about a man named Pink, a rock and roll performer, who sits in a hotel room, always lock himself in, somewhere in Los Angeles. Too many shows, too much on drugs and too much applause:He`s a burned out case. He watches T.V., which all too familiar for him, seeing war films on the T.V. Screen. On his mind, he`s shuffle time and back on reality and nightmare as we go thought into Pink`s painful memoires. In each brick in the wall on his mind has slip further built around his feelings.  <br />DVD`s has great widescreen transer(2.35:1) and an superb remastered Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround is excellent. Special features are An running commentary track by Roger Walters and Gerald Scarfle. Two different documentary and a great extras for Floyd`s Fans. Grade:A. Panavision.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Wow,what an incredible piece of cinema.At first,when i was watching i didn't like it too much,but as the movie progressed,it started to get interseting,and more wild,and that is what makes a movie.My hat goes off to David Fincher for puttin together,one of the greatest fight movies since Rocky.It is also one of Edward Norton's finest performance's since American History X.The climax of the movie is incredible,what happens is:wrong,   ain't tellin you, buy the movie and find out.
B00004XONN|4.0|Let me begin by stating I was never a fan of Radiohead. That was until the day I heard &quot;OK Computer&quot;  When preliminary reviews of &quot;Kid A&quot; came out, the majority stated that RADIOHEAD had made themselves a &quot;space rock&quot; or &quot;space opera&quot; album.  This is near enough true, but instead of being futuristic sounding, this listener finds RADIOHEAD giving a nod to the greats of the past. One can listen to snips of &quot;Kid A&quot; and head bits and pieces of Can, Kraftwerk, Magma, Gong, and even The Residents.    I give this disc 4 stars because I am pleased to see a band with past hit records be brave enough to put out a completely non-commercial record. Kudos to the individual involved who thought it would be cool to put a booklet under the tray. Fans of Pablo Honey or The Bends will have a bit of a hard time digesting this one, but for adventerous listeners, this is pure manna. Be brave, and give this one a try.
B00004XQP4|5.0|This has a MUCH more different sound than all their other albums.  Billie's guitar playing is much less pronounced and less distorted than previous albums.  They've added different instruments (harmonica, piano organ, accordian) and Billie's voice is a lot more clean and sounds better (in my opinion) and more dynamic than before.  Some songs are extremely weird to hear.  They're good, but weird to hear.  For example, the longest song, Misery, sounds like a polka song.  I couldn't stop laughing when I heard it.  Also, Billie plays more &quot;solos&quot; than in previous Reprise releases.  Overall, I'd say it's a kickass album.
B00003CWL6|2.0|I was not impressed with this movie, with all the awards it got I am starting to think drugs are in.  You would have to be on something to enjoy this movie enough to give it such a high rating.  But then again, to each their own.  <br />If you have ever seen a movie that got high reviews and walked away from it wondering how it got such high reviews.  Well get ready for that feeling once again if you decide to watch this.
B00004XQP4|5.0|very good stuff.  they prove that they are one of the best punk rock bands of all time with this one!!
B00004XQP4|5.0|Well, I haven't stopped listening to this CD since I got it - in the bathroom, in class, and subliminally in my sleep, so yeah, its good.  Like, Nimrod, it doesn't sound a whole lot like Dookie or anything, but then Green Day has been evolving since 1039 S.O.S.H. (the first album).  One thing it has in common with others though, is sickeningly catchy, damn good music.  This is definitely an &quot;I can listen to it all the way through&quot; type of album.  Buy it now or suffer the consequences of not owning one of the best albums ever made by one of the best bands ever - if I were you, I'd rather not have to deal with that burden.
B00004XQP4|5.0|This CD whoops! Green Day has reached new levels of awesomeness.  Now theres more acoustic songs that are really good and rythmic!!!you must buy it!!
0440219078|4.0|I really liked this book. It started off a bit slow at first but after awhile the pace started to pick up. It was usetting and sad though to see how terrible and boring it would be to live in a world without choices, differences, and love. I didn't completely understand the ending but if I was in Jonas's place I would have done the same thing that he did in the end.
B00000DHTF|5.0|If you're a fan of Springstein, then you don't need to read this.  In fact, if you're a true fan of Springstein, you already own this box set.  This review, then, is for those unfamiliar with Bruce's work outside of &quot;Born in the U.S.A.&quot; and his recent soundtrack contributions.  In four discs, &quot;Tracks&quot; spans the entire history of the rock and roll tradition.  Springstein deftly displays mastery of everything from jazzy be-bop to folk rock to rock-a-billy to hard rock.  No matter what kind of musical interets you hold, I promise that you will find something here to fall in love with.  The power of the epic &quot;Brothers Under the Bridge&quot; (not to be confused with the sing along &quot;Brothers Under the Bridges&quot;), the haunting effects of &quot;Born in the U.S.A.&quot;, and the simple beauty of &quot;Put Out the Light&quot;, alone, are worth the price of admission.  If you've been a fan of the Boss since &quot;Blinded By the Light&quot; or have never even heard of Springstein before, this set IS for you.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead have long been compared to Pink Floyd, and with &quot;Kid A&quot; they not only justify that grand comparison but surpass the Floyd in every way that matters. &quot;Kid A&quot; is complex, difficult, spacious, beautiful in some spots and harrowing in others - in other words, everything a great prog-rock record should be. As everyone's heard, the record is awash in slithery electronic beats (&quot;Kid A&quot;) and Eno-esque soundscapes (&quot;Treefingers&quot;), and the band do trade in some of the guitar bombast of OKC for a more subdued sound. But the record is no less impactful - in fact, in my opinion, it's *more* impactful for being as delicate as it is. The closest comparison I can think of is Talk Talk's &quot;Laughing Stock,&quot; another brilliant record that appropriates free jazz the same way &quot;Kid A&quot; appropriates real electronic music.<br />If you liked &quot;OK Computer&quot; for its 'badass' factor then &quot;Kid A&quot; might be a little bewildering... but if it was the quiet songs on that album that you were drawn to (&quot;Lucky,&quot; &quot;Exit Music,&quot; &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien&quot;) then &quot;Kid A&quot; is everything that's great about Radiohead.  It's moving, otherwordly, complex, darkly triumphant, and ultimately a more satisfying album than OKC, even if it has no hit singles and hardly any decipherable lyrics. Absolutely incredible.
B00004Z511|5.0|While this album might be immediately accesible to the die-hard Radiohead fan, the less enthusiastic or first-time listener might consider starting with something more readily digestible like The Bends or OK Computer.  The album is however, a lovely thing you don't want to hug too close.  The tracks vary from milky and diaphanous to dense and nearly intangible.  A wonderful album--a cracked mirror.  The limited edition artwork is beautiful and disturbing.
B00004XONN|5.0|Well it seems Radiohead has done it again.  They have released yet another great album with a completely different sound.  I usually have to listen to a new CD several times before I really enjoy it but this one just reached out and grabbed me.  At this point my favorite track is &quot;National Anthem&quot;.  This song is electrifying with its deep bass  beat coupled with brassy horns.  This album is without question a wonderful addition to my CD music collection
B000002UB3|5.0|Listen to this and you'll get a feeling of the Beatles emotions throughout this album. This was the last album they did together as a band, and I'm glad music fans and critics everywhere have given this the classic status. I like the segued-songs medley (&quot;You Never Give ME Your Money to the End&quot;) and I like &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot;.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The new movie, Gladiator, is sure to win everyone's heart, whether male or female. There is something for everyone. For the men, there is of course the blood of the coliseum, and for the women, there's the wonderful, new(to some), actor named Russell Crowe, who is sure to win many hearts as he braves the challenges that lay before him. Gladiator is a great movie, recommended to all!  My favorite!
B00004XONN|5.0|It is quite uncertain whether the follow-up of Radiohead's 1997 release &quot;Ok Computer&quot; would surpass another musical ground it offered.  &quot;Kid A&quot; is one of its kind and a true masterpiece! Radiohead returned with such grandiose!  Many suggested a strong Pink Floyd influence in terms of creativity and concept. Even though its hard to ignore the very English whimsy of Syd Barrett what-if-he-stayed-in-the-band(Pink Floyd) on songs like &quot;The National Anthem&quot; But Radiohead stood completely original! <br />Just go buy and listen to it straight as the first track suggests that &quot;Everything (is) in its right place&quot;!
B00004Z511|2.0|The music is BRILLIANT ... the limited edition artwork is NOT worth the premium price ... the packaging for the standard edition is far more interesting.
B000002UAX|5.0|This is the first Beatles review I have done, and I plan to do more. This album is excellent and the music gives you a certain feeling what the Beatles had on their minds. The sad part about this was when you hear about all the bad times the Beatles were going through while doing this. I'm sure everybody knows why there is no cover. Because this wanted people to know that the Beatles were falling apart.
B00003CXCS|5.0|I positively love musicals and this is the VERY BEST. Classic Rogers and Hammerstein and a PERFECT cast wrapped around a fastinating story in one of the most beautiful areas of the world, at the most interesting (if not the most distructive) time in the 20th century. What more could you ask for? I've seen all the modern musicals and they will be very hard pressed to ever top the pure, unabashed feeling this draws out of people who grew up in the time, appreciated the music and cherished the performances. It will always be my favorite.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has made another MASTERPIECE! OVERALL, this cd explores boundaries between their previous releases, and channels them all together with one big harmonious touch. All the songs are crafted with mixes of, electronica, all the way to their usual Acoustic touch. With new elements added to their music, Radiohead has made this cd A MUST BUY! I RECOMMEND IT!
0553278398|4.0|You get to know the fabled Hari Seldon in his youth;you get to see Trantor in his golden albeit jaded years;you get to know what became of the spacers (how they came on Trantor,we will never,alas,know).But,really,there are sections that made me think Asimov was paid by the word!The absolutely pointless adventure on the city's roof,the repeated bickering about Psychohistory being feasible (good grief,as if we did'nt know!). Also,there are moments in which Hari is  behaving in a really rude manner for reasons lamely justified.But the Mycogen chapter is one of Asimov's masterpieces,in which he criticizes  ethnic separatism and self-righteousness.How wise of him!But to depict the jadedness of a decaying Empire you would have needed a Jack Vance.
B00004XONN|2.0|I was waiting for this album as soon as I heard they went back into the studio, only to find a piece of crappy &quot;art&quot;. I loved all the albums previously and can say this doesn't even come close to a good radiohead album. There are a few decent tracks such as Everything in its right place, how to disappear completely, optimistic, and idioteqe. The rest just sounds like noise.
B00004XONN|5.0|After Kind of blue, after velvet underground, after Trout Mask Replica, after ok computer, the new radiohead is one of that records that make wanna buy more anda more records.
B00004XONN|4.0|Anybody expecting a rehash of Radiohead's previous albums are in for a shock.  &quot;Kid A&quot; is more ambient art than hard rock.  From the title track, to &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; and to &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, this is not what would be called a commerical album.  Using everything from a small orchestra (&quot;The National Anthem&quot;)to sampling (&quot;Idioteque&quot;), Radiohead ends up making an album that's more in common with &quot;OK Computer&quot; than &quot;The Bends&quot;.  &quot;Kid A&quot; is a refreshing change of pace from a lot of the music out there this year.
B000007ODY|5.0|Estimado amigo de la m&uacute;sica, en estos momentos usted tiene en sus manos una de las mejores interpretaciones de las Sinfon&iacute;as de Brahms (Junto con las de Arturo Toscanini/NBC y Otto Klemperer/Philarmonia), al rid&iacute;culo precio de $us. 16, realmente es un regalo. Cuando yo compre este set de las Sinfon&iacute;as en LP en 1.979, val&iacute;an el triple!!! Es una compra que nunca se arrepentir&aacute;.<br />La concepci&oacute;n profunda del Maestro Karajan, m&aacute;s el extraordinario sonido de la Filarm&oacute;nica de Berl&iacute;n, nos dan unas interpretaciones que nos dejan totalmente satisfechos.<br />Compre YA!
B00004XONN|4.0|To say that Radiohead change style and attitude at every new release is an overstatement. They are unmistakeably the same musicians, with the same sensibilities, but with more experience in their hands. Over the years, RH have assimilated and  summarized a good deal of rock music history. This one is their personal interpretation of electronica, at least of the relevant one in the past ten years. The sonic palette doesn't seem very futuristic, but is more in line with the do-it-yourself sounds of Aphex Twin (who influenced this work through Selected Ambient Works II), and the retro-sounds ('70s, again) of Boards of Canada. The melodies are 100% RH, and that makes all the difference.  Personally, I was fascinated more by &quot;OK Computer&quot;: it was more original, and with instant-classic melodies and texts. But I can see how that work has led to this one: in &quot;OK Computer&quot; they were already adapting the traditional AABA song to their needs. It is interesting how the most &quot;literate&quot; rock band of the nineties has shed its legacy and embraced new forms that only a few years ago were incompatible with rock music and tradition. This one goes one step further in the same direction and is a successful, if transitional, album.
078324228X|4.0|I have yet to see a movie starring Denzel that was bad. His acting ability is phenomenal and I'm sure it takes him days after the film is done to come out of character. Whether true or false his acting is what's being judged in this movie. Not black against white. The story line, plot, dialogue etc. is the focus of MY review. This movie was moving and told a story of a boy who by a fluke (destiny) stumbled upon a book that stirred within him the passion that he lacked thus uncovering evidence that was withheld that set a bound man free!
B00004XONN|5.0|I have listened to this latest proffering and can only conclude a new religion must be established immediately.  Come, brothers and sisters, let us sacrifice Oasis to Thom Yorke immediately.
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead's new offering KID A is at once unexpected and a logical step from their last venture, OK COMPUTER.  It is still early to judge, knowing that Radiohead albums grow on the listener like some angst ridden fungi.  Albeit there are several tracks that have immdediately struck my fancy, &quot;The National Anthem&quot; with it's discordant horn section and bass fueled distress is an obvious gem, as is &quot;How to Disappear Completely,&quot; which harkens back to the folksy-spaceship-atmosphere of the last album, although somehow darker, if such a thing is possible. Sure, the vocals are almost completely unillegitable, especially on &quot;Everything in it's Right Place&quot;, but that should be of no surprize to the post-Honey Radiohead enthusiast.  The complexity of the musical soundscape more than makes up for it.  It does tend to drift into planetarium music at points, but I have yet to find it annoying.  The distant ambient nature of the album tends to allow the points where it really gets moving, such as in &quot;Idioteque&quot; and &quot;National Anthem,&quot; to sneak up on you. The album is loaded with ear-candy of every variety, and I have found it to feed my Radiohead Fix admirably well... I gave this album a four stars because one needs to listen to an album for more than three times in order to give something a five, seeing if it has staying power. But I have not removed the CD from the player since I bought it last evening at a store near my house, and have high hopes for fivedeom soon.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A - A personal sequence of events: listened to studio album via Napster, purchased album on Monday (02 Oct), then went to see Radiohead live in Warrington (UK) later that evening.  Result = extraordinary build up to a unique and astonishing experience.   It doesn't matter where Thom Yorke is, on stage or in the studio, when this guy sings, he really, really means it.  You only get 100% with every word of every song, and none more so than on Kid A<br />Please be warned that Kid A is NOT another &quot;OK Computer&quot; or &quot;The Bends&quot;.  And to call this a progressive album is an understatement.  \\"A complete change of track\\" would be more appropriate. Most people will experience the \\"hmm not sure\\" response on first listening to Kid A (I know I did!).   Now I can't stop listening to it.  It is a compelling, dark, emotive and stunning piece of work.  After the second visit to Kid A, I can guarantee it will be firmly lodged in your brain.  For so many reasons this album puts pushes out one message, \\"this is the future\\", whether this was an intentional action or how simply how Radiohead are evolving is irrelevant...it's simply a statement of fact. <br />The style and dynamics within Kid A, make the landmark \\"OK Computer\\" look light years in the past....the future of music looks more interesting than ever before.
6300215814|4.0|I always heard of this movie, but never actually saw it! It was untill only a couple of days ago that I actally did. Audrey Hepburn was one of the most beautiful actresses I ever seen. Her style, and the way she carried herself all together is probally what every girl want to be like. She was a very talanted actress, and a beautiful woman. When I saw this movie, I really enjoyed every moment. Not only does Audrey Hepburn give a great performance, but George Peppard gives a good performance also. I was very caught up in the movie! I personally enjoyed the beginning, because I think it's what many people do, especially women (including me ). When you see it you'll know what I am talking about, and if you saw it then you already know. I definately recomend this movie to everyone, especially those who love romantic movies.
B00004XONN|4.0|I have always been reluctant to give perfect ratings, so consider this the highest four possible.  Radiohead has been progressing since Pablo Honey so many years ago.  OK Computer was hailed as genius and inventive, and so will Kid A.  If you hated OK Computer, don't pick this up.  If you're willing to take a chance though, you will be rewarded.  &quot;Everything in the Right Place&quot; starts the listener off on some strange journey. Voices coming in and out of focus with some strange piano riffs.  It's only a taste of what comes next. The title track starts off with a sound similar to that of a music box, this before a completely distorted voice and odd rhythym track.  &quot;The National Anthem&quot; blows the previous two songs away.  Starting off with a simple but driving wicked riff, Thom Yorke's voice starts up, sounding like it's coming out of a distorted violin.  Then a brass band starts up, first ordered, then breaking down into utter chaotic bliss.  &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; could be their next ballad hit.  The ochestra and Thom Yorke's voice soar and mesh into one.  The nearly atonal intrumental &quot;Treefingers&quot; slips in next.  &quot;Optomistic&quot; sounds like the best chance for a hit song.  Probably just because if features a guitar.  But with lyrics like &quot;Big fish eat the little ones/it's not my problem&quot; this is NOT your average song. &quot;In Limbo&quot; is a glorious mess of plucked guitar strings, sounding almost unwanted and errant. The beats of &quot;Idioteque&quot; pound with the Yorke's beautiful voice to create the smartest dance song ever. With the closing of &quot;Morning Bell&quot; with an unconventional time-signature and the farewell, &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack,&quot; Radiohead has made a record for the ages.  In a time when the charts are dominated by snot-nosed brats with no talent and 3-chord songs, at least one band has the guts to experiment and invent, to create for the sake of art and not sales.  Buy this album not just to show those prefabricated wonders what real music is, but for the sake of art.  Sit back, put on your best pair of headphones, turn it up really loud, and let the sound drift you away. &quot;I'll see you in the next life.&quot;
0140714154|5.0|Yes, there is once again murder brewing in the play of Shakespeare but only in a comical way.  Not able to claim to be a Shakespeare expert, I have only read four of his other plays.  However, it is in my opinion that this be the best one, most likely because it is a comedy and is much lighter that his other plays.  This classic play tells the story of the former Duke of Milan who was wrongly dethrowned by his brother.  Using his magical power that originally expelled him from Milan, he is able to bring the King (Alonso), Alonso's brother (Sebastian),his own brother (Antonio) and other servants to the his mostly vacant island.  Ordering about the spirit Ariel, he manipulates his way into an interesting and funny situation.  There is much to gain from reading this wonderful play which is one of Shakespeares last.  I recommend this book to Shakespeare lovers and even more so, to variety readers such as myself.  You won't be dissapointed by the plays light mood which is much better than Shakespeares serious murder stories.
B00004XONN|5.0|Stunning...What else to say? One can analyze each song, how unbelievably brave and uncompromising all of them are. But the first reaction to the CD is the strongest -- disbelief. How can one band be so far ahead of anybody and everybody in music today, how could they possibly raise the level of their already incredible creativity, how can one band make such an astounding music leap in all of seven years? How can anybody be so musically challenging and accessible at the same time. I don't know. But with this, their fourth album, Radiohead have shot up to the music category with only one certain English band in it. You know who. If you want not just a breath, but a whirlwind of fresh air and musical genius, as well as the sense of where the intelligent music of the new age is going -- get Kid A.
B000002C1V|5.0|im a huge Floyd fan and own every album domestic and import, but when i speak to other fans they all give me strange looks or say &quot;that's odd&quot; when i tell them that The Final Cut is my favorite pink floyd album.  I suppose that after The wall became a diamond record the rest of the world just expected so much more from Floyd, and the un-radio friendly ochestra style of The Final Cut did'nt settle well with the fans of &quot;Another Brick in the Wall Part 2.&quot;  but for anyone who likes thier music to have a spiritual meaning &quot;the Final Cut&quot; is an album much like Nine Inch Nail's &quot;Fragile&quot; and is a must have
B00004XQP4|4.0|Don't expect this album to be similar to previous albums of Green Day. This guys have matured a lot since their first album and begun to take their music more seriously. It has better lyrics than the previous albums, but I still think their masterpiece is Dookie.
B00004XONN|5.0|Wonderful, just wonderful.  Thom's voice is soaring and pummeling.  Subdued guitars, pianos and organs up front. Phil stepped up as drummer, Colin proves he is the best at bass.  This *is* the next level, by the time all of  the terrible guitar bands out there try to copy Radiohead (again), they'll already be on to something new.<br />I can't wait for the ep at Christmas and album 5 next spring...
B000002V07|5.0|Listening to Mazzy Star is like having your worst fears confirmed and gaining peace of mind from acceptance: sometimes you just have to lie back and sink into the arms of despair, let it soothe you and go to sleep. Hope's voice is tremulous, fragile and pure, and seems to hold simultaneously the promise of eternal beauty and eternal sadness. She is quite wonderful. If you've never lost a lover in the most unbearable of circumstances, you will feel as though you have after listening to So Tonight That I Might See. And that's not in a bad way.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album takes the listener on a lovely head trip without ever letting go. After their three equally awesome albums, one had to wonder if Radiohead could match previous perfections with their new disc, Kid A. They have suceeded tremendously. Best songs are Optimistic, Idioteque, and Morning Bell (eventhough each song is amazing). Kid A is a worthy addition to the Radiohead legacy.
079073804X|5.0|A horror film for thinking adults. What a concept. One of the greatest films ever made. The 25th Anniversary edition DVD is everything a fan could have hoped for. The transfer's superb, the new soundmix isn't state-of-the-art, but a whole lot better than the old, mono track, and the extra's are great. I would pay the 20 bucks for the documntary alone. Highly, highly recommended.
6305892806|4.0|Well, I for one thought this movie was wonderful. This movie is quite a change from the movies that are coming out around it. This move has no Drugs in it, no Drinking( Unless you count the Champagne at the Party). There are a few Adult scenes that makes it a good movie to see with your significant other. Tales of love, adventure, suspense, laughter, and all around kindness makes this movie great. I would not recommend this movie for teenagers or older adults. This makes the best movie for younger adults in order to shape themselves morally. Enjoy!
B00004XONN|5.0|There is a bit of confusion concerning 'Kid A', Radiohead's latest release (as of 10.03.00). Firstly, the band will not release any singles or make any videos. Secondly, the album has very few 'guitar centered' tracks (rather a lot of electronics), and lastly, the focus on lyrics is not as present as it was in their former releases.<br /> There is a reason for all of these things, and it is quite admirable that the band has responded to their true instincts by not going the route of commercialism. Isn't that what real music is anyway? Is not true art simply the expression of one's soul, in part for the purpose of reaching it's listeners, rather than to achieve an empty place on the Billboard charts?     Upon hearing 'Kid A', it is almost as if I already knew these sounds, yet I had never heard them before, until now. In other words: this album makes sense without being too &quot;defined&quot; (both lyrically and musically). Kind of like a dream! There is something quite natural, beautiful and totally honest about the way it tumbles together in a chaotic (and yet peaceful) culmination of sounds and distant voices. This pardons the need (or reliance) on lyrics taking the center stage, and fills any void that may have been left by the absence of guitar.  <br /> Thankfully, the stunniing relevance of 'Kid A' relies on neither of these, which is part of the reason I should not go into detail on specific tracks. Quite an accomplishment, this album, for Radiohead. You must experience it for yourself~
B00000JCB2|3.0|I've read quite a few reviews of this albulm and I think some are way to harsh. There are some stand out tracks but was a song listing places in the US really necessary. If they'd cut out the crap and left the quality it would have scored higher
B00004XONN|5.0|How do you write a review of an album that virtually defies description?  Kid A, the new release from critic darlings Radiohead, will surely garner confused head scratching from some and even more fanatical ravings from others, yet probably the most impressive reason to buy this CD is that they dared release it at all. Kid A plays like a scaled-down version of o.k. computer, and almost dimly reminded me of R.E.M.'s incredibly lackluster Up. It appears that synth's are making a comeback amoungst the musically daring these days, you can decide for yourself whether or not that's a good thing.  Several reviewers point out the complete lack of classic song structure, vocals and guitars in the first half of Kid, almost as if they all sat in the same room typing their reviews and copying each others opinions. This is misleading, and might tend to make Radiohead fans a bit skittish about risking their cannonised opinions regarding the group. Fear not, Kid A is more the autistic younger brother of o.k. than most mainstream reviewers seem to admit. The R.E.M. comparison is probably more appropriate than you'd think as Kid A reminds me very-much IN TONE of the first track of Up, slow, methodical and full of dark ambience.  The mid-disk change bandied about by others was lost on me. The disk maintained an even tone throughout, and make no mistake, the crashing, soaring guitars you've come to expect are not so much muted as totally non-existant. Kid A fuses from one track to the other seamlessly, and while clocking in at a respectable 50 minutes seems like little more than 15 when listening. This will not be remembered as the definitive Radiohead, honestly I wonder where all the months of production have gone, but while listening one can easily discern the stunningly lovely melodies and key structures that I'm sure will shine through when the group translates the rather murky effort into a leaner and meaner stage version. On a more pedestrian note, Radiohead's rather singular design taste is in good evidence in the CD package design. Kid A includes a rather beefy CD booklet packed with the kind of indefinable images that match the music perfectly. Bizarre pencil sketches printed on high-quality vellum are a very nice touch, but the real surprise comes when one disassembles the CD jewelcase 'bed' and discovers yet-another booklet hidden within. A more appropriate metaphor for Kid A than any review.
B00004XONN|4.0|I'm writing this review and listening to the album (oops CD) for the very first time, these are my first thoughts:<br />Track 1, EVERYTHING IN ITS RIGHT PLACE is best described as orderly music with robotic soundscapes.  KID A has tremlo piano and is kinda trippy.  I think I'm gonna like this one! THE NATIONAL ANTHEM is the first song with real vocals and words you can recognize.  It has a very dissonant sounding saxaphone.  HOW TO DISAPPEAR COMPLETELY is a very nice acoustic piece with good vocals.  There are spacey Beatles-like, backwards violins near the end.  TREEFINGERS, also spacey, sounds like Tangerine Dream (who?), yeah you should check out rubycon!  You'll like this one. Track 6, OPTOMISTIC is kinda U2-sounding with a good beat, vocals and harmonies. IN LIMBO is excellent and hooked me in the vocal &quot;fantasy&quot; choral.  IDIOTEQUE is machine music with spacy vocals.  MORNING BELL is reminisant of the Smashing Pumpkins and has Beatles-like soft piano, and becomes Floyd-sonding towards the end.  MOTION PICTURE SOUNDTRACK has Neil Young type organ, kinda trippy, fade-out/fade-in - Tangerine Dream END.<br />RATING: CD Insert: - Wild!  Music: It's all been done before, but give Radio Head credit - 4 stars for creativity.  It should grow on you, though it may turn off some.
B00004XONN|5.0|The first track's title is foreshadowing of what is to come on the album.  There are tracks that are ambient and others that are in your face.  Kid A is a step beyond OK Computer just as OK Computer was a step beyond The Bends.  And each step has never been obvious or logical.  The sounds on the album are completely new to me and to hear such originality is refreshing.  The layering of sounds is beautiful.  I recommend listening to it first through a good set of headphones to fully receive all the sounds that have been packed in.  It is a must buy.  Everything in its right place.
B00004XONN|5.0|The first time I listened to this album I knew there was something amazing going on just beneath the surface, but I couldn't quite put a finger on it.  The second time around a few songs jumped out at me a little more, but, still, something in there wasn't showing itself.  I have now listened to it many times and I am still shrouded in the mystery of Kid A, and I wouldn't have it any other way!  Tracks such as How To Disappear Completely, In Limbo, Idioteque, and Motion Picture Soundtrack are definite standout pieces of musical genius.  At the same time, tracks such as The National Anthem and Treefingers don't make themselves very obvious as a &quot;rock song.&quot; What they do achieve are beautiful soundscapes and a somehow perfect transition into the next song.  Like 1997's OK Computer, this will, without a doubt, be my pick for album of the year.  Amazingly creative and never tiring, this album is sure to remain in everyone's disc changers for a while to come.  If you haven't already, GO BUY THIS ALBUM!!!
B00003CXDF|5.0|The first mission: impossible was an extremely excellent movie, with a great plot.  But M:I - 2 beat that.  What they were missing in plot they more than made up in action.  the action sequences are absolutely excellent and the plot is not enough to ruin the movie in all.  in fact it helps becuase it's not so complecated that people can't understand it like the other one was.  Overall Great Movie.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A from Radiohead is so much different from anything being produced today, that you listen in wonder trying to figure out how in the world anyone thought to do it.  I thought that OK Computer was unlike anything I had ever heard before, but Kid A is so far beyond OK Computer, I am in awe. I don't think there is a band in any category - rap, alternative, pop, techno, etc. -doing anything as creatively substantial as Radiohead.  I think &quot;The National Anthem&quot; is the highlight of the cd.  With a crunching base line, and an intense free-style jazz arrangement, &quot;The National Anthem&quot; will blow you away. If you felt like you were on the verge of traveling to outer space with OK Computer,  Kid A makes you feel like you have been transported 20 years into the future.
B000002C2E|5.0|A surprising Grammy this record is.  There's no way it could make much sales headway because the lyrics are almost uniformly bleak.  So bleak that about the only vocalist who could sing them other than Bob Dylan would have been Howlin' Wolf (and Dylan's become as raspy as the Wolf!).  Dylan pulls no punches and hits a dramatic peak right out of the gate on &quot;Love Sick&quot;.  That track and &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; are the most substantial additions to his vast repertoire, followed by the blues &quot;Cold Irons Bound&quot;.<br />The record closes with the 17-minute &quot;Highlands&quot;, which begins poetically longing for a place of rest, then rolls off into a puzzling encounter with a waitress in a breakfast joint.  I'm guessing that this encounter is a sort of parable describing the unreasonable demands of an audience on an artist but the description is oblique enough that it could be an absurdist dead end.  <br />Daniel Lanois produces with more than his typical flair.  Much of the record seems to have been recorded using two bands and Lanois weaves their sounds in such a way as to provide a depth to the sound that must be heard to be appreciated.  The clever production is especially notable on the several blues numbers that Dylan sings.  As for Dylan's singing:  the voice ain't pretty but he's sings phrases with all the attention of a Billie Holiday.  She was also an arresting singer late in her career despite losing much of her vocal range.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I have been a big Green Day fan since the &quot;Kerplunk!&quot; days.  I was aware of them as an underground band, and have followed them ever since.  I have seen them mature with each album, and totally upgrade their sound.  Each album continues to get better both musically and lyrically.  With Warning, Green Day has taken their music to a completely new level.  Lots of radio friendly hits, and a matured sound take this album home.  I would recommend this disc to everyone, especially Green Day fans.  Boy, how they have grown since the early 90's.  Very impressive.
B00004XONN|3.0|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Considering the gratuitous praise showered on Yorke and company  for OK Computer it seems only logical that they've done what they've  done, which is to dissolve completely into a quintet of shapeless,  complaining amoebas.  Everything about Kid A is amorphous.  They've  dismantled everything and anything even remotely resembling shape  and construct, performed a bit of legerdemain on their soundmixer, <br />and produced the musical equivalent of being stranded on an arctic  tundra with nothing to listen to but the fierce swoosh of subzero  wind stinging your frostbitten ears.  Listening to Kid A for the  first time I felt a teeth-chattering chill, as if I'd just finished  off an entire box of York Peppermint Patties ( no pun intended )  -- it's icy and bleak.  Nothing I had read or heard about the album  prepared me for its utter lack of warmth; whatever emotion there  is to be found is conveyed by way of complaints. ( They complain  a lot, even without the benefit of lengthy lyrics:  &quot;I woke up sucking  on ( a ) lemon.&quot;  Life is sour and embittering, get used to it.  ) All this would be unbearable if not for the traces of indescribable  beauty which breathes life into almost every track.  And there are many such moments.   <br />Kid A is not so much a music album as it is a calculatingly constructed  piece of aural pop art.  And like all pop art it just is, with little  explanation as to its purpose, almost to the point of being contemptuous  of its audience.  But, if you want to call it music, the only other  album I could compare it to would be the Velvet Underground's White  Light/White Heat -- both aspire to assail and lay waste to everything  that's come before.  Kid A is a flawed success in that respect.
B00000IQ4Q|5.0|I really was anxious that this film should have taken place in in the country of Russia. I thought the picture of Blade being in Russia talking to that vampire before they dueled was I thought very interesting. The movie has alot of action, and fight scenes. The acting is high quality on this picture. This first part to Blade does not state where they are at all.They are just living in this chaotic world where people are hungry for power, burglary etc. And Blade's job is to kill the vampires before they take over the Earth. It is a picture well done. Highly recommended to all sci fi fans, horror movie fans, etc.
B00004XONN|4.0|At first listen, I thought Radiohead's latest release &quot;Kid A&quot; was a disappointing bomb. In a sense, I still maintain it is a disappointing bomb as there is not enough &quot;Thom&quot; in the album. Plus, it is light years away from &quot;The Bends,&quot; my favorite album of their's to date. I also find it a bit disconcerting that the album evokes an alienating feeling; but knowing Thom this is intended....especially knowing Thom's soceo-politcal belief system and his love for Noam Chomsky. In a sense, I get the impression Radiohead is trying to create a present or future tense, technological and subsequently alienating atmosphere. Kinda a cool concept. Or maybe it's just a projection.<br />With this said, there is a natural progression or cause-effect relationship between &quot;Ok Computer&quot; and &quot;Kid A,&quot; or so it seems. I'm thinking as a whole, the band is composing a discography as a kind of grand tableau rather than working from album to album like plumbers working check to check. There is a grand scheme with Radiohead's music. Nothing is atomized. Look at &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;, then &quot;The Bends&quot;... equals chapter one. Then look at &quot;OK Computer&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot;... equals chapter two. There is an intended evolution of music, within the context of radiohead specifically, and within the context of music generally. Radiohead understands the concept of consilience. Very cool intellectually and or emotionally, but musically it is kinda abrasive. But isn't that the point?<br />On top of this, I've found the new album is excellent to write to, study even, as it breathes-- ebbing and flowing. The musical equivalent of Joyce. There are also a couple of tracks you can actually dance to. Imagine that....dancing to Radiohead?<br />This album will be a critical success. This album will be a catalyst and inspiration for bands present and future. However, this album is not for everyone, thus 4 stars (one star shy of a perfect recommendation after considering equity).<br />For what it's worth, Jason Stoddard
B00004XONN|5.0|I bought Kid A today, about an hour ago, and have listened through the entire thing, it's incredible, i like all of it. Track by track review<br />1. everything in its right place- A really different song, only one insturmental throughout, good, and distorted singing, really hard to tell what the lyrics are, but awesome.<br />2. kid a- one of the best songs on the album, really percussion like, alot of xylophone type stuff, but really good, it's really hard to tell what thom is singing, but if you get the little booklet in the cd jewel case, the lyrics are there.<br />3. the national anthem- a cool song, this droned, almost machine bass line, colin really has his work cut out for him live.  The bassline is really the best part, and the brass section at the end, which was written by jonny himself.  back to the bassline, when you hear it, you'll be like &quot;cool...&quot; but it's there, throughout the entire song, never stopping, never changing, really cool song.<br />4. how to dissappear completely- incredible song, with a little acoustic thrown in, reminds me of exit music(for a film), and bulletproof(i wish i was).  The lyrics are really good with the haunting ending of &quot;I am not here, this is no happening.&quot;  an overall really good song.<br />5. treefingers- I didn't particularly enjoy this song, it really is cool, a long insturmental.<br />6. optimistic- really catchy cool song, you can actually hear thom quite well on this song, and it's got this really neat guitar riff.  Thom's voice is good on it too, a great song, it's being played on the radio pretty well lately, so turn on your frikkin radio and wait for this song, if you are unsure about purchasing the album.  Only single type song on the album, that would fit a normal audience.<br />7. in limbo- one of songs i don't like, it gets really irritating , and it's too out there, I guess I'll like it eventually, but optimistic leads directly into this song, and they flow well together.<br />8. idioteque- this song has radiohead-heads talking, it's really a dance tune, with thom singing, and this drum machine beats, i like this song alot, and it's just a fun song.  The cover of the album fits with this song well, &quot;the ice age is coming.&quot;  which is perhaps the theme of this album, a concept, of what becomes of everything after the ice age, but nothing is really known.<br />9. morning bell- kinda catchy, alot of bell like sounds, hence the title, but i like it a little, it won't get old, good lyrics.<br />10. motion picture soundtrack- absolutely my favorite song on the album, so incredible, it's an organ and a harp, the organ primarily, and then the harp, I insanely like this song, really good lyrics and everything.  reminds me of street spirit, because until the end of street spirit, it was just the guitar and one other insturment, like motion picture soundtrack, but MPS stays with just two insturmentals, while street spirit turns into a long ending of a ton of stuff.<br />The artwork and little secret booklet thing are cool, everything is good about this album, buy it!
0783208227|5.0|An excellent movie, entertaining, funny and heartful!  This movie, although a comedy, touches deeper issues of the heart that are like a rich tapestry of what is good in man.  Very colorful and excellent acting from every one.  Something to watch over and over again.
B000001DTM|5.0|Waiting for the laughing gas? :) Kings of reinventing themselves and progressing with the times and music of the present period without compromising artistic integrity, alienating former fans, or offending critics. This is U2, who is arguably one of the best bands of all time. Prolific, experimental, and even chameleonic at times. I say this confidently, although I have distanced myself from my adolescent obsessive-U2-fan years (must have been over a decade ago), and I can appreciate the music as an adult.  This album is a carefully constructed, vivid portrait with excruciatingly good songs like &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Until the End of the World&quot;, &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot;, and &quot;Love is Blindness&quot;. Lyrics are typically brilliant, meaningful, and fitting, and of course, the music, although driven in a new direction, is still the biting, pressing, and ever-wonderful U2 we all know and love.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead is without a doubt the most incredible rock band on the planet right now.  Already having laid claim to that title with the incredible OK Computer, the band has cemented their status by making Kid A, which is not a rock album at all.  At least, not a rock album like any you've ever heard.  It may be foolish to try and review an album like this after only having owned it for seven hours, but I'll give it a try.      For starters, if you want to hear another album that sounds like OK Computer or The Bends, you're going to be very disappointed with this one.  The only track that comes close to the band's previous sound is the epic ballad How to Disappear Completely, and even that is only due to the strumming accoustic guitar.  The biggest change in the band's sound is that they no longer sound like a guitar band using keyboards as occasional guests; here the guitars sound like guests.  In their place are an army of keyboards, electronic beats, and weird mutations of Thom Yorke's vocals.  The first two tracks, Everything in its Right Place and the title track, are almost completely built upon the above three elements.  The National Anthem is the album's first track that shows much rock influence at all, built upon Colin Greenwood's relentless fuzz bass groove before collapsing under the weight of a discordant jazz horn section.  Following the hypnotic How to Disappear... is Treefingers, a four minute long collage of keyboard sounds that is actually really beautiful in a strange way.  Optimistic, the most &quot;rock&quot; song on the album, follows, based on almost tribal drum rhythms and the closest thing here to a catchy chorus, with Thom singing &quot;The best you can/ the best you can is good enough&quot; in his trademark falsetto.  That song flows seamlessly into In Limbo, a very dense creation with some rare, tricky-timed guitar. Idioteque is almost straight techno, and it is the least &quot;Radiohead-sounding&quot; track on the album, other than the lyrics, which I think are about the pre-Y2K fuss the media cooked up: &quot;Who's in a bunker?...Ice age coming...We're not scaremongering/ This is really happening.&quot;  Morning Bell is based on Phil Selway's most complex drumming on the album, and is more oppressive strangeness.  Motion Picture Soundtrack is next, and it continues the Radiohead tradition of closing their albums with a sense of grandeur approaching awe (eg. Blow Out, Street Spirit, The Tourist).  I can't think of another musical artist that would be able to pull this off without sounding ridiculous.  It's nothing less than an aural representation of what it must sound like to drift up into heaven.  Seriously.  Other than Yorke's vocals, the only instrumentation is organ and cascading harps.  It just kind of leaves you stunned at the album's conclusion.       I've listened to the album twice all the way through already, and so far the only songs I haven't really warmed up to are Everything..., Kid A, and Idioteque (the more or less straight electronica songs).  But you can't judge Radiohead's music that quickly; it took me five months to truly appreciate how great Exit Music was on OKC.  I'm sure those three songs will grow on me.  The only main complaint about the album is that there is not a single Jonny Greenwood guitar solo, which means that Kid A kind of lacks the comparitive earthiness present on the first three albums.  But that is a small price to pay, and I can already tell that this album, like OK Computer, will prove to be endlessly rewarding in the long run.  It is simply the most stunningly inventive album I've ever heard from a major rock band.<br />P.S. Sorry if I got a little verbose, but hey, it's Radiohead!
B00004XONN|5.0|ok, the wait is over. it's here. and it's brilliant.<br />i didn't think that the first time i listened to it, in fact i was somewhat confused as to what they were getting at. i've explained this to friends like this: on the first listen i liked two songs; on the second listen i liked four of the songs; on the third listen i started to like the whole thing.... by the fifth listen it began to approach something like genius.<br />granted i'm a fan and have been from the beginning. and yes, it's not the happiest album ever but i really believe it may be one of the best.<br />artists taking chances and following through brilliantly are what makes enjoy art such a pleasure in the first place.<br />radiohead's kid a succeeds on all accounts for me.
B00004XONN|5.0|I can't put it into words right now.  It hasn't set in how amazing this album is.  Maybe in a few weeks I'll be able to break it down and say something intellegent about how brilliant this all is.  This is the first new album of the milenium.  That's all I can say.  It's like listening to the next ten years of rock.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Being a fan of the harsher sounds of Insomniac, this album didn't exactly jump out at me, but having only listened to the record a couple of times, it would make sense to say I'm not fully accustomed to all of the songs yet. However, a handful of them did catch my eye as being really good : Warning, Misery, Jackass, Waiting, Minority, &amp; especially the last song Macy's Day parade. With Green Day growing up, it would be wrong to expect the constant punk rock numbers that made up Insomniac and their breakthrough album Dookie. With that said, let it be known that this is a relatively quiet album (even more so than Nimrod). Yes, the guys have not completely abandoned their rock roots, but you will find that goofier instruments and themes (keyboards, saxophone, harmonica, and whatever the hell that style used in misery is) as well as acoustic guitars are used in nearly every song. In some ways I feel it's a step down from the wonderful variations and longevity of Nimrod, but in other senses a step forward.
B00003CXE7|4.0|For such a long time, the roman empire kept off the silver screens. But it returns in a majestic way.  This huge producton is one of the best movies of the year, with espectacular sets, a wonderful plot, amazing visual effects and a Russel Crowe like weve never seen before. Who would imagine Russle Crowe as a gladiator?  Ridley Scott adds another great movie to his sucesseful career.  Gladiator is also one of the possible nominations for the oscars of best suporting actor (Oliver Reed) ,for example.  Im not making publicity but, if you can, buy it! Buy it now!
B00004U2NX|5.0|This is THE best vampire/horror movie I have seen in a long time. It's stillness will captivate you. All the actors are perfectly made for the part. The direction is superb. But it is it's stillness and surreal quality which will keep you coming back to it.It mesmerises and haunts you. The music is Classical and strong.  Filmed in Holland, the location is gentle and quiet then as the movie moves to the Mountains (Carpathians) it takes on a dangerous quality. The film stays true to the 1922 version but is much deeper and symbolic in nature. This is now one of my favorite movies. Herzog outdid himself directing this one.It is slow paced and not for the gory or action lover. Very ARTY. Relax and enjoy.
0446310786|5.0|I have recently finished reading the book, To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee.  I must admit, it exceeds all my limitations that I had put on it.  This is a great book and I think all should read it.  I've been on the internet and searching the library for a critical review of the book for an english assingment.  I was told to find a negative review because the assignment would be much easier.  I've been looking for over a week and am yet to find a review that's truly negative.  Most reviews are all positive saying this is one of the best books they've read, ect...  As I searched amazon.com I found that most of the people who disliked the book said it was confusing or boring.  Most likely, this was over their reading level.  The way she involves the theme of prejudice, bravery, and the realizations that come with maturity are supurb.  I am willing to debate this book so anyone who would like to is welcome to email me.
B00000JPYD|5.0|&quot;Bridge Of Sighs&quot; is a sweet slab of 70's blues rock that is still as captivating as it was in 1974. Robin Trower was a master guitar player that began his career with the progressive outfit named Procol Harum. Procol Harum did not give Robin Trower the freedom to express the blues roots that had grown within him and so he broke free. Robin Trower went on to form the ideal vehicle to express his art and eventually mastered his recipe on &quot;Bridge Of Sighs.&quot; &quot;Day Of The Eagle&quot; is a sonic assault that kicks with a bruising fury that eventually fades into oblivion. &quot;Bridge Of Sighs&quot; finds Robin Trower creating visionary sheets of sound that transport you into a world filled with a somber uneasy solitude.  &quot;Too Rolling Stoned&quot; begins as a caustic boogie which in turn becomes a swaggering blues jam where Robin Trower unleashes a smoking display of guitar virtuosity complemented with enthusiastic shouts and screams from the studio crowd. Howling winds evoke the beginnings of the meditative &quot;In This Place&quot; which features James Dewar's rich soulful vocals and concludes with some delicate yet penetrating guitar playing by Robin Trower. This is the definition of &quot;cool&quot; in blues rock. &quot;Little Bit Of Sympathy&quot; is a cooker in the style of Santana with enough fire to burn a house down. You have wailing guitar pyrotechnics,commanding vocals,and a brutal display of percussion. Marvelous! &quot;Bridge Of Sighs&quot; enslaved me with its spell the first time i heard it and the spell has not been broken. Go ahead and buy a little magic for yourself.
6305657947|5.0|It's not often that a sequel is even better than an original, and it's also not often that a battle of wits and romance between two 40+ year olds is considered hot and sexy. For those reasons alone, The Thomas Crown Affair earns five stars. But it's even more than that - the acting is phenomonal and the directing superb.<br />Much like the original 1968 version, there's the jewel thief who robs for the thrill who is hunted by a female insurance detective. To have a female good-guy tracking down a male thief is often role-reversal enough, but to have both incredibly smart, and matching wits as well as skill is quite a hook.<br />This is one of those classic DVDs that I buy as a present for everyone, because it manages to appeal to just about every taste. It also has great rewatchability!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Ridley Scott is back to business with this great movie. He succeeded in a very tricky business: bring back to life a dead 'genre'. Russell Crowe is convincing as the tired hero forced to become a legend. Miles ahead of Mel Gibson's performance in Patriot (or should I say Braveheart II - the return) Fantastic score by Hans Zimmer which confirms his supremacy as contemporary composer.<br />The DVD offers a lot of bonus material. I'm disappointed as a french speaking person buying from Amazon that it offers no other soundtrack. I thought Quebec was next door?
0375805621|5.0|Great for parents who like to make voices! You can get very animated with this book. My 3-year old son plays the part of Elmo and I read Grover's part, and have a blast.<br />The drawings are wonderful, coloful and full of things to talk about. Nice little book all around. (the original ain't too bad, either!)
0800141326|2.0|The Godzilla effect is eons better than the one of the cheesy Japanese films but that is about all that this entire flick has going for it! The characters portrayed by Broderick and others are so uninteresting that I was hoping that they would meet an early demise. Which is to say, the unbearably bad movie would have been over much sooner than it was.<br />Like another reviewer, I DID like the Puff Daddy/Jimmy Page tune heard over the end credits.
B000006ZZV|5.0|What a wonderful cd.  Anyone who has heard her {&quot;Peel Me A Grape&quot;) will know what the heart of this cd contains.... desire being realized.  I have over the last year become entranced with the music of Dianne Krall and found her utterly delightful. Her music runs the gamut of emotions.  At the office, I have played her &quot;Peel Me A Grape &quot; song and asked people who did not know her to describe what she looks like.  No one has ever been correct.  They all think she is an elderly African American woman who is huge.  Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing her in person or  on her cd covers knows that this is not the case.  Not only does she have a beautiful voice, she plays the piano even better.  If you do not know this artist - but one of her cds.  It does not matter which one. In time you will have to have all of her works.  She is a true artist, a storyteller, a bender of verse, and a delight.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's album &quot;Kid A&quot; is a work in progress... it will take several listenings to even begin to gain a sense of the effort... radio tracks don't jump out of the speakers... this collection is introverted to the extent that you feel that you are not along for the ride but privy to something that no one looks to share... like all of the great artists and music of any decade, this work is far beyond now- it will grow as the days go long.<br />The music is short on melody and touches on 70's lost moments from Floyd to Jarre to Tony Carey.<br />Buy this work and let it grow...
0440180295|5.0|Vonnegut's &quot;Slaughterhouse-Five&quot; is a curiosity.  It concerns a man named Billy Pilgrim who becomes &quot;unstuck in time,&quot; meaning he involuntarily travels back and forth between various episodes in his lifetime, something like temporal schizophrenia.  The conventional notion of time is disregarded in this book, so our familiar structure of past, present, and future is in discord with the chronology of the events.  <br />As a young man, Billy serves in World War II as a chaplain's assistant.  He ends up behind enemy lines with a morbid creep named Roland Weary who educates him about the sickest torture methods known to man.  They're captured by German soldiers and taken to a prison camp where Billy is stalked by another creep named Paul Lazzaro.  Soon Billy and the other prisoners are shipped into Dresden to be laborers, and for living quarters they are put into an old slaughterhouse marked with the number five.  A visiting American-turned-Nazi dignitary attempts to proselytize them just before they are forced to cower in an underground meat locker while Allied aircraft bomb and decimate the city. <br />After the war, Billy becomes an optometrist, marries, raises a family, and lives every semblance of a normal life except, of course, for the time travel.  His imagination is fueled by the science fiction novels of a writer named Kilgore Trout, who is no stranger to the concept of time travel.  <br />Later, Billy is kidnapped by aliens from a planet called Tralfamadore and  exhibited in a zoo on their planet, in an Earthling-accommodating habitat furnished by merchandise the aliens stole from a Sears warehouse in Iowa City.  The Tralfamadorians have also kidnapped an Earthling woman, a movie star named Montana Wildhack, to provide Billy with a mate.<br />Keep in mind that these events are not related in chronological order, but rather are intertwined with each other as Billy zaps back and forth between milieus.  <br />It's difficult to decipher all ofthis, but Vonnegut makes it clear in the first chapter that this is an anti-war novel, comparing the Children's Crusade of the Middle Ages to sending teenagers off to fight modern wars.  He satirizes the pro-war mentality that rationalizes brutality in the name of dubious ideals, the slaughtering of some to save others.  The consequences of war are acceptable only if, like the Tralfamadorians, you have no past, present, or future to account for.
B00004XONN|5.0|At the first listenning, everybody who know what radiohead had do before kid A, will be maybee suprised, or unstabilized. Yeah, it's pretty different, but it sound pretty good. As I realized promptly, radiohead had concentrated their energy on the spcial sound effect, and a new way to make music. It sounds very weird sometimes, but it's a good weird way to play and interpratte music. It explore some very techno rythms in the first part, track 1,2,3 and 5, then the rest of the album, containning always this new sound of techno, that radiohead tryed in ok computer, but a bit mopre present.  Then, in these other songs, the melody is coming back and we found somes tracks like How to disappear completly. As I was saying the new way to use sound and rythms appear clearly in morning bell, whit the drums beat (it really grooves!). But, I don't think it is an album for those who just stay stick on the old radiohead (like fake plastic trees). The old stay very good and will never be forget, but I think radiohead have other likes then rock, and they show us these likes in Kid A. And because it's a raiodhead record, the lyrics have a lot of second meannings.<br />Scuse my poor english, i'm french.<br />Good listening
B00004XONN|5.0|radiohead created an album that is exactly that, an album.  it is not a mere collection of songs that are going to generate air time on any radio stations.  instead, it is an album that is different than ok computer, yet picks up where it left off.  ok computer picked up where the bends left off.  that is why this band is amazing.  in a industry polluted with pop and rock/rap radiohead sticks out along with pearl jam and phish as a band that doesn't spoonfeed their audience anything.  they aren't controlled by producers or record labels.  they are not puppets.  they are allowed the freedom to experiment and create.  they play by their own rules.  this album is a reflection of that freedom to explore.  kid a is for fans of good music.  it requires your attention.  instead of hearing it listen.  you will find so many interesting things going on.  fans of radiohead will be rewarded by this album.  close minded music fans probably will not.
B00004XONN|5.0|First of all this CD is great! While it isn't all that much like earlier Radiohead works, it is just as good. I personally like the songs The National Anthem, How To Disappear Completely, Optimistic, In Limbo, and Morning Bell. It has a different sound kinda like techno, but it's still rock, and it's still Radiohead. I think everybody should buy this CD no matter what they listen to! It is that good.
0316777722|4.0|I read this book right after reading Bill Bryson's I'm a Stranger Here Myself. It seems to me that there is a recent theme in new books that centers around humor at the expense of a person who is experiencing culture shock. Since this seems to be the recent theme, I suppose there's no harm in writing yet another book review with a theme of culture shock. <br />Davis Sedaris' Me Talk Pretty One Day combines two of the world's greatest cities- New York and Paris- with humor, all in one book that is incredibly hard to put down. The book is comprised of a series of humorous personal experience pieces, the first half of which take place in Sedaris' native New York City and the second half of which take place in Paris, where he moves to temporarily with his boyfriend Hugh. <br />The first essay in Me Talk Pretty One Day sets the fast and funny pace continued throughout the rest of the book. It also sets the theme of &quot;culture shock&quot; in one's own county, because Sedaris comments on many experiences in his youth that made him feel alienated from other people in his own environment. In it, Sedaris discusses the speech impediment (aka &quot;lisp&quot;) that he had as a child and still has to this day. The efforts of his speech teacher to correct the lisp were never successful, but Sedaris' descriptions of them are hilarious. He writes about the kids who were in his speech therapy class, saying, &quot;None of the speech therapy students were girls. They were all boys like me who kept movie star scrapbooks and made their own curtains... 'One of these days I'm going to have to hang a sign on that door,' [my speech teacher] used to say. She was probably thinking along the lines of SPEECH THERAPY LAB, though a more appropriate marker would have read FUTURE HOMOSEXUALS OF AMERICA&quot;.<br />Even when Sedaris writes about such mundane things as restaurant menus and crossword puzzles, or such serious things as Euthanasia, he is so funny and absurd that you begin to wonder if he takes anything about life in New York City seriously. However, just as you are wondering this, he sweeps you off to Paris to read his wacky comments on life there. Sedaris never did learn French fluently, nor did he do all the touristy things such as seeing the Louvre and the Eiffel Tour. Instead, he watched American movies in English in French theatres because &quot;I've never considered myself an across-the-board apologist for the French, but there's a lot to be said for an entire population that never, under any circumstances, talks during the picture... I can't remember the last time I've enjoyed silence in an American theatre&quot;. <br />If you have ever been to a foreign country, whether as an American who is embarrassed by the other American tourists that surround you, or as a member of a different nationality who makes fun of the American tourists, you will laugh along in complete understanding with Sedaris' comments on the two types of French that Americans speak: &quot;the Hard Kind and the Easy kind. The Hard Kind involves the conjugation of wily verbs and the science of placing them alongside various other words in order to form such sentences as 'I go him say good afternoon'... The second, less complicated form of French amounts to screaming English at the top of your lungs, much the same way you'd shout at a deaf person or the dog you thought you could train to stay off the sofa&quot;.<br />Me Talk Pretty One Day is guaranteed to give you an insider's look at culture shock in one's own country and abroad. It will also give you an insider's look at life in New York City and Paris. But best of all, it will give you this dose of culture shock (and if you've read I'm a Stranger Here Myself, make that your second recent dose), with a strong dose of humor. And that makes everything just a little bit better.
B00004XONN|5.0|This follow-up to OK Computer will not disappoint Radiohead fans!Much quieter,the tracks are filled with eerie sounds and smoother melodies. Quite a brilliant CD!
076790382X|4.0|I'd be willing to make a bet that you have heard of Bill Bryson. I'd bet on that because almost everyone anywhere has heard of him. His most well known book, A Walk in the Woods, was a humorous chronicle of his hikes on the Appalachian Trail. Another of his books, In a Sunburned Country, is known for its appealing tales of Australia, based on Bryson's first-hand experiences while visiting the continent. I know many of you have also heard of his recent book I'm a Stranger Here Myself, but I am taking the risk of being redundant by praising this book in case one of you hasn't, because it is definitely worth a read.<br />This was my first introduction to Bill Bryson, and a great one at that, so I can testify that those of you who- gasp!- may be thinking, &quot;Bill who?&quot; will become very familiar with his unique writing style, not to mention hooked on his great sense of humor, just by reading this book. However, veteran Bryson fans have also told me they thoroughly enjoyed this book as much as, or if not more than, his other ones, so I think it's fair to say that even those who think nothing could be better than A Walk in the Woods would change their minds with a reading of I'm a Stranger Here Myself. Subtitled &quot;Notes on Returning to America After Twenty Years Away&quot;, this book is not only a thought-provoking look into an American native-turned-foreigner-turned-native-again, but a huge slice of Americana. This collection of articles Bryson wrote for a British newspaper after he and his English wife and English-born children moved to New Hampshire gives short glimpses into regular American experiences such as baseball games, trips to the barber, and evenings out with the family. However, an added twist is his puzzling outlook on the American lifestyle he had put aside when he moved to England twenty years ago, and his observations often tell a lot more about Americans than about Bryson's own life. I have heard many observations made by Bryson in I'm a Stranger Here Myself be commented upon by those who were either born in or brought up in countries outside the US and then came to live here. For instance, why do Americans think it is absolutely necessary to have a car, and why are American roads planned in such inconvenient ways for the few pedestrians who do set out for a walk or jog every now and then? Why do Americans go on sudden fitness binges during which they feel they must surround themselves with gym equipment and workout programs, when it would be much simpler to incorporate exercise into their daily routines? And why are American tax forms so confusing and American bureaucratic policies so hard to get through? Why does the American justice system punish first time drug offenders as hard as or sometimes even harder than they do some rapists and murderers? And whatever happened to those old American traditions such as drive-in movies and road side motels owned by private, family-run businesses?<br />Even those of us who are used to living in America but who have traveled to Europe will find ourselves nodding in agreement to many of Bryson's comparisons between the two continents. After returning from a year abroad in Spain, I was constantly reminded of the differences between the European and American lifestyles, and Bryson does a great job of pointing out all of these distinctions. He covers the conveniences of living in the US as well as the problems that go unnoticed by many American citizens, even those who are conscious voters or activists. I'm A Stranger Here Myself is a little book about everything: politics, culture shock, American life, European life, random rants and musings... you name it, it's here. However, it's mostly about humor, for Bryson as usual finds a way to make everything funny. I couldn't read it at work because I was laughing out loud. So instead I went outside on my lunch break and laughed out loud while random people walked by gawking at the weirdo who was laughing to herself. Thoseof you who have read Bill Bryson before- and again, I am betting that it's a lot of you- know what I'm talking about. So pick up a copy of I'm a Stranger Here Myself and be reminded of just how funny he is. And for those of you who have never read him, I promise it's worth your time and the energy you will exert by laughing. It will remind you that we are all a bit of a stranger even in our own familiar little world, and that looking at something common through a new perspective will certainly cause a smile and a nod of agreement from those who are new to- or returning to- what for the rest of us is an everyday thing.
B00004XONN|1.0|I really don't have a lot to say. It's a major disappointment...After Pablo Honey, The Bends, ect...This album is so horrible...hardly any lyrics...it sounds like Enya on acid, but without the harmony! Buy this album if you want to waste money...I swear...this is so horrible...How could they go so wrong? Please...Somebody...help this band out before they're on the street!
B00004XONN|4.0|To be fair, I cannot compare this album to 'OK Computer'. As much as I would like to, considering the excellence of Radiohead's 1997 Grammy-winning effort, it would not do justice to the group's spirited -and spiritual- latest offering.<br />The album kicks off with Yorke jumping straight into the melancholy moat. Is it a Moog? Sounds like one. Either way, the droning warmth of the ancient keyboard's vacuum tube sound casts an eerie fluorescence on what sounds like what should have been the soundtrack to '1984'. However, don't dismiss Radiohead as just another Smiths' revival, caught revelling in the swanky side of death or subjugating all the happy people on this Earth to hell.<br />While 'OK Computer' stayed within the lines of technology and despair, -even throwing in some HAL 9000-like heuristics for those not schooled in how to live- 'Kid A' crosses the line into subliminal ecstacy and still manages to get its message across.
6304711875|1.0|I had expected a really good movie from Scream because I had heard so much good things about it. I didn't get what I wanted, because this film is just terrible. The way the camera was shot was stupid, the director could of done soo much better, the acting was terrible, the music gave me a headache and the screenplay and special effects were silly and made the film boring to look at.  Drew Barymore foolish girl on the run has just been stabbed and killed by a mysterious person at her home. Now all her friends and family are looking for what happened.  I do not recommend this film at all, it is no true classic, and NOT the scariest movie ever made.  Also, the starting scene is absolute rubbish. And that is definitely NOT the most well-known and best scene in movie history
0684853523|5.0|In May, I joined a Stephen King fan club called the SKEMERs (Stephen King E-MailERs), and I soon discovered a new book by the legendary author would be released in October.  Of course, I felt like I would do anything to get the book before October--in fact, I did just that.  On eBay, I paid $255 for &quot;On Writing&quot;, and I truly believe it was worth it.<br />&quot;On Writing&quot; is seperated into parts: three forewords, &quot;C.V.&quot;, the memoir (you never learn what it stands for), &quot;What Writing Is&quot;, &quot;Toolbox&quot;, &quot;On Writing&quot;, &quot;On Living&quot;, and and two &quot;Furthermore&quot;s.<br />&quot;C.V.&quot;, the memoir, is so engrossing, you literally cannot put the book down.  This isn't just a regular autobiorgraphy; King talks about things which no one knew about, or that were only just rumors.  Some things in this section may surprise you a bit, but it is extremely well-written.<br />&quot;Toolbox&quot; is a section where King explains everything you need to have in your mental toolbox of writing; everything from grammar to creativeness, he has it all.<br />&quot;On Writing&quot; is what it says it's about.  King explains how he writes, things he thinks others should do, or at least attempt and see if they work.  He gives suggestions for beginning and veteran writers.  And his sense of humor is incredible!  You will find yourself laughing through the night at some of the unforgettable lines he writes.<br />&quot;On Living&quot;, the last real section of the book, tells of his encounter with the infamous and deceased Bryan Smith, the man who hit King with his car.  You will find yourself wanting to stop, for it is sometimes disgusting, and sad, but you won't be able to stop.  It's too captivating.  He talks about his struggle to write again, and how he overcame his fight.<br />&quot;On Writing&quot; is one of the best books you will ever read, even if you're not interested in books on this craft.  It is humorous, informative, and best of all, it gives you courage to do what you want to in life, even if you don't plan to be a writer.  If you don't buy &quot;On Writing&quot;, you'll never understand what you're missing.
B00000K19E|1.0|Usually one-glanced as an untouchable classic, some may see otherwise. The pace is too slow and the action scenes aren't convincing enough. Also contains no suspence whatsoever. Idiot cybernetic is good for this movie which the old timers will enjoy.
B00004RHZU|4.0|WOW! Most Girls is the best song on the whole CD in my opinion. I mean, who wouldn't want a guy who can actaully support himself as well as a little spoilin every now and again.. Well, Pink is da bomb and anyone who tests that.. well, I'd like to see you do one-armed pushups like my girl does... <br />Hottiebug17@aol.com
6305903182|1.0|I had expected a really good movie from Scream because I had heard so much good things about it. I didn't get what I wanted, because this film is just terrible. The way the camera was shot was stupid, the director could of done soo much better, the acting was terrible, the music gave me a headache and the screenplay and special effects were silly and made the film boring to look at.  Drew Barymore foolish girl on the run has just been stabbed and killed by a mysterious person at her home. Now all her friends and family are looking for what happened.  I do not recommend this film at all, it is no true classic, and NOT the scariest movie ever made.  Also, the starting scene is absolute rubbish. And that is definitely NOT the most well-known and best scene in movie history
B00004XONN|4.0|Many Radiohead fans would loathe to see their favorite group evolve in any way, insisting that hights attained on &quot;Ok Computer&quot; were well... just perfect. The problem with this is that Radiohead always seem to be at least one step ahead of everyone else, and since &quot;Ok Computer&quot; has now had time to mature, it's time for the next one. The logical successor is the much anticipated &quot;Kid A&quot;. Logical yes, but does that make it a good album? In this case yes and no. It seems that Radiohead is feeling out new depths, but being very careful. The opening track, &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;, oddly feels quite the opposite of its title. Perhaps the listener just has a hard time reaquainting himself to the Oxford band, maybe it is the lack of drums that is disconcerting from a band that once gave us anthems such as &quot;Creep&quot;. Next up is &quot;Kid A&quot;, a track which one suspects will pick things up a little. The outcome is in reality quite disappointing, making it the second 'hard to listen to' track of the album. True satisfaction comes with &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, and they've got a solid bass-line and brass instruments to prove that they are indeed, back. From here on, they appear in fine form via a repertoire of songs that ranges from their usual sad but catchy melodies, strangely electronic effects, or just plain wierd noises. Standout tracks include the powerful ballad song &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot;, &quot;Idioteque&quot; (which has received a surprising amount of radio airplay already) and &quot;Morning Bell&quot;, marking the return of real guitar. &quot;In Limbo&quot;, however, provides nothing more than a lurch in what is by now a pretty good album. The closing track, &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; provides via it's title remeniscences of a song that could be as powerful as &quot;Exit Music For A Film&quot; but far from satisfies this expectation. Conclusion: are Radiohead on to something new and great? The answer is 'yes'. Are they there yet? We know that by their next album they will be.g new and great? The answer is 'yes'. Are they there yet? We know that by their next album they will be.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is, absolutely, the best Beatles album, and for that matter, the best album ever. Sgt. Pepper is rather overrated, Revolver comes pretty close, and Rubber Soul is the closest to this. People put this album down because 'the songs are too short'. The songs are SUPPOSED to be short. The whole second side of the album has to be listened to as one complete expierience for it to work. If all of those 2nd side songs were 3-4 minutes long, that expierience would be 30 or 40 minutes long which I don't think was the point. Go and buy the album and listen to it straight through. Enough said.
B00004XONN|5.0|Whoa. Put the headphones on, lock the door. It will make you nervous- in a stomach-spinning, gut thrilling way (that's good.) Sit down to taste agony, reality, pain... sensitively and delicately. <br />Like ok computer, the album works as a unit. Layered, organic sounds add texture and guide us through the stories, or songs. Lyrics are simple, clean, powerful. As phrases repeat, they push more impact. The music gently lifts the lyrics, then fades and returns. Background textures support: babies cry, freaks pout and growl, lasers zing, beeps punctuate and whirrs float through...  revealing confusion, desperation, loneliness. Then, it's all starkly contrasted by big band horns, symphonic piano pieces, classical guitars. And yet it all meshes. Thom york's falsetto is right on key, beefing up and stabilizing the mayhem, tearing you apart. The brave voice goes on to yelp, howl, cry.<br />Audio asymmetry reeks havoc miles davis-style, then guides you through a subtle build, a crash and burn, and a fade away. A learning experience, a must-have.
B000002B2T|5.0|Where do I begin now ? Its not easy, there is much to say...but first things first. This album features members of such bands as AliceInChains, PearlJam, ScreamingTrees. That alone would be enough to buy it, but... music is not some kind of mix between AiC and PJ, its softer and fits nice with Laynes voice, who I think is truly the best singer of 90's. His emotions are all over the place, and moods set by other players are realy amazing. Songs on this album are excellent, and if I had to choose a few of them Id say: Above, X-ray mind, Artificial Red...and so on. Lyrics are not your usual &quot;look at the sun, its yellow, Im happy&quot; kind of lyrics. Layne deals with his own demons, and for me, thats alright. I could never open my soul in that way, and let everyone see whats inside, and this makes me feel sympathy for the guy. I dont know....he may be famous, and great song-writter, but hes just a regular person, like most of us, and youll find at least one line that can be something you will remember: &quot;slow suicide is no way to go&quot; - or some sh... like that. I had this CD for some time now, and it gets better and better every time. This comes from a true fan of grunge and heavy music. This album is a gift to all of you ppl who like real MUSIC, you dont have to be into Alice in chains, Soundgarden... and youll still like it, it will not dissapoint you.  And for all of you big fans...let me say one thing: I just happen to have a CD, there it sais: &quot;Mad Season, recorded live at the Moore Theatre in Seattle, WA, on april 29th, 1995&quot;....do I have to say anything more....huuuuuuaaaaa
B00004Z511|5.0|Need something extra? The disc comes slipped into a pocket at the end of the &quot;book&quot; - several hard children's book-like pages of artwork by Radiohead's design team together with thought provoking text... prior to a page of statistics on ice melt occurrences around the world. There is no info on the music - just visuals on this oversize package (slighter larger than a regular jewel box) from Capitol Records. Flip through the book - stare at the images - brush up on an effect of global warming - and enjoy this mesmerizing collection of music from Radiohead. Worth the extra dollars for this conversation starter. Looks good on the coffee table, too!
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Definitely the worst war movie since &quot;Saving private ryan&quot;. Once again the Germans are one dimensional &quot;Bad guys&quot; and the Americans are unrealistic and cliched. Cannot even begin to compare with &quot;Das Boot&quot; which is in a class all its own. Not surprising really considering Mostow sincerely believes that all Germans were rabid Nazis.
B00004XQP4|4.0|What you get here is twelve songs that all sound totally unrelated to one another... I'd go out on a limb and say that this is Green Day's Sandinista, (The Clash's 1982 experimental flop/success). Only Green Day cut the crap (Clash reference again)at 12 tracks. It's really quite bizarre hearing all kinds of old world sounds coming out of this California three piece, but then again Green Day are playing by punk rock's old set of rules where punk didn't have to sound uniform. Gee kiddies remember that? Surpringly the MTV-single &quot;Minority&quot; is just about the best song on this collection. &quot;Warning&quot; is a straight-faced rocker (not punk rocker mind you)... &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; sticks some great introspective lyrics in your grill.  Giving this only about two complete listens so far I'd say it'll grow to be something you'll like (not neccessarily love). Too bad the boys didn't throw another &quot;Minority&quot;-type song or two on there. In this day of agro-roid rage stench we need just a little bit more snot-nosed authority defying bands. And no I'm not talking about Blink 182.
B00004XONN|5.0|If pink floyd wrote the dark side of the moon today, it would be this album. a classic, a classic, a classic. take out the cd tray to find even more liner notes
0316777722|5.0|I was sitting in Goodyear, waiting on my car, making a complete fool of myself hysterically laughing out loud as I read this.  It's been a LONG time since a book has accomplished this.<br />No, Sedaris' family isn't really all that different from most families.  A little more twisted perhaps, but not all that different.  What makes this book so funny is Sedaris' way of portraying these family events.  I think that like most things in life, the event is not as entertaining as the re-telling of it.  I think my favorite thing in the book is his description of the French vocabulary he developed.  It sounds like something I would do.  Great words, but completely useless in everyday life.<br />I will admit that I was reluctant to read this book.  I don't usually go for autobiographical type work, but I kept seeing the book in magazines and newspapers and finally heard an interview with Sedaris on This American Life.  That's what cinched it for me.  I figured that if he was that funny and quirky on the air, the book would be as well.  I wasn't disappointed.
B00003CWTI|5.0|P. T. Anderson wrote and directed this superb film, that despite its more than three hours long, never loses pace, due to excellent performances of all the cast, the incredibly well-written screenplay, and the perfect direction of this young film-maker.
0316777722|5.0|I was sitting in Goodyear, waiting on my car, making a complete fool of myself hysterically laughing out loud as I read this. It's been a LONG time since a book has accomplished this.<br />No, Sedaris' family isn't really all that different from most families. A little more twisted perhaps, but not all that different. What makes this book so funny is Sedaris' way of portraying these family events. I think that like most things in life, the event is not as entertaining as the re-telling of it. I think my favorite thing in the book is his description of the French vocabulary he developed. It sounds like something I would do. Great words, but completely useless in everyday life.<br />I will admit that I was reluctant to read this book. I don't usually go for autobiographical type work, but I kept seeing the book in magazines and newspapers and finally heard an interview with Sedaris on This American Life. That's what cinched it for me. I figured that if he was that funny and quirky on the air, the book would be as well. I wasn't disappointed.
B00004XONN|5.0|this is a band that is so good that you wont realize it til they are gone. all of the musicanship of a seasoned jazz performer, none of the comercialism of horrible symbols of music (trl). lots of cool artwork too. check under the cd holder.
0316777722|5.0|I was sitting in Goodyear, waiting on my car, making a complete fool of myself hysterically laughing out loud as I read this. It's been a LONG time since a book has accomplished this.<br />No, Sedaris' family isn't really all that different from most families. A little more twisted perhaps, but not all that different. What makes this book so funny is Sedaris' way of portraying these family events. I think that like most things in life, the event is not as entertaining as the re-telling of it. I think my favorite thing in the book is his description of the French vocabulary he developed. It sounds like something I would do. Great words, but completely useless in everyday life.<br />I will admit that I was reluctant to read this book. I don't usually go for autobiographical type work, but I kept seeing the book in magazines and newspapers and finally heard an interview with Sedaris on This American Life. That's what cinched it for me. I figured that if he was that funny and quirky on the air, the book would be as well. I wasn't disappointed.
B00004XONN|4.0|Thom asks the rest of the rock world, &quot;Can you make anything original?&quot;  Nothing will ever top OK Computer, but the depth of the music on Kid A is a deep, deep liquid.
B00004XONN|5.0|I had been waiting to hear this album for so long and all I can say about it is that is amazing!  The one thing that I can tell anybody who is buying it is that don't buy it expecting Ok. Computer 2.  No, this is radiohead, a band that makes music that makes them happy and does not play for anybody else.  That being said I think I can say that this ablum is a bit harder to get inot than the band's previous albums espeically if you are a first time listener but it you dig into it you will get it.  I have to say at the moment that my favorite song at the moment is Idioteque, I just love how Thom's voice is so fragile as if he is hanging on my his fingernails over the insane beats on the song. I also really love How to Disapear which I had hear before from live versions.  My God, the sounds they make in that song is just amazing. The title track is really haunting almost as if the band did a song that sounds like a children drawing a picture then turned into a song.  For me the hardest track to dig into is In Limbo which is very uncatchy, which is not a bad thing.  I just have to listen to a bit more.  Anyway, pick this album up, it is that great!
B00004XONN|5.0|I have found out something after listening to KID A: Now radiohead can do just anything they want. They have made a mind blowing album following another mind blowing album. This is a very hard thing to do and something very few groups can do, so now they have nothing left to prove. This puts them in the position of the greatest band in the world right now.      One thing amazing about KID A is the way radiohead managed to do something very different without losing the essence of themselves. This album pushes farther the electronic elements, wich radiohead used in other records, to create hounting atmospheres wich resemble sureal landscapes in your mind. The artwork recreates this images perfectly.       Well I wont make a description of each song, because I thing it is impossible to put that in words. The only thing i can tell you is that if you really appreciate music, and if you really have sensibility to listen, you are going to love this album. GO AND BUY IT NOW!!!!
B000023VR6|4.0|This cd was unreal when i first got it, i loved it!  But, now, after hearing almost all of my favorite songs overplayed on the radio, i have just started to get kinda tired of it.  I admit that i still love to listen to &quot;Still D.R.E&quot;, &quot;Let's Get High&quot;, &quot;What's the difference&quot;,&quot;Forgot about DRE&quot;, and &quot;The Next Epispde&quot;.  But, i just don't think that it is his best stuff, and i wish that the songs wern't overplayed sooo much.  All-in-all, this is a very good cd with great beats, and even better, it has Eminem and Snoop in it. Worth the money!
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is sure to alienate some listeners who are expecting OK Computer Part 2, but thats alright.  This album is not really like any Radiohead album to date.  While some bands are content with putting out album after album of the same material, Radiohead doesn't seem happy unless they are constantly reinventing themselves.  Kid A follows this pattern.  This effort is more of a futuristic, electronic type of sound than anything they have done prior.  In a world of one hit wonders, and albums that revolve around one song with a lot of radio play, it is great to see that some bands are still putting out complete and total albums.  Don't listen to this album on Random.
B00000AFGM|4.0|This is probably one of manson's least good cds (next to &quot;Smells like children&quot;) but, never the less, it is a very good cd.  My favorite tracks are &quot;The Speed of Pain&quot;, &quot;Rock is dead&quot;, &quot;Coma White&quot;, &quot;The Last Day on Earth&quot;, and &quot;Posthuman&quot;.  there are no tracks that i do not like, but some i don't chose to listen to.  This is, however, a very different kind of Marilyn Manson it is more of a glam rock rather than a shock, hard-core heavy metal that it presented in his recent albums, however, he DID NOT SELL OUT IN THIS ALBUM!!!  If you like manson, you should like this album. RECCOMENDED!!!  (P.S.- Check out his home videos &quot;dead to the world&quot; and &quot;god is in the t.v.&quot;-they are UNBELIEVABLELY COOL!!!)
0515123447|1.0|I got about three quarters through the book and just couldn't go any further. How did this get rave reviews? It is simply awful. There is so much shrugging going on that it's amazing anyone got anything done. I began to think that maybe the water was contaminated and was causing all this involuntary shrugging. And his characters shrugged at the most gawd awful inappropriate times. Shrugging is usually used to show complacence, but they would react to the most DIRE situations with a simple shrug. Not just the hero, but EVERY PERSON in the book SHRUGGED. And aside from all that, the story was thin, thin, thin. And frankly, boring.
B00004XQP4|4.0|This is easily Green Day's best CD ever! I saw their new video on MTV and went out and bought the CD right away. This CD is a must buy! Misery is a great song! Buy it and find out right away.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is the album that made me a Radiohead fan.  From the opening keyboard chords to the last grandiose harps, Kid A pulls the listener into a new world.  Remarkably, it is experimental, yet accessible.  And bold.  At a time when Thom Yorke and co. could easily rest on their laurels and make &quot;OK Computer 2,&quot; they chose instead to try new things and not retread the past, even though it may cost them some of their fanbase.  And trust me, from some indications I've seen of Radiohead fans, there will be some casualties.  On the other hand, they made a new fan out of me on this one, so...<br />&quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; is a gorgeous exercise in (essentially) minimalistic playing - a repeated ascending chord motif and digitally manipulated vocals.  This song is less 'sung and performed' than 'assembled' to a fascinating effect.  &quot;Kid A&quot; is even more along the &quot;cut and paste&quot; track, resembling a sound collage.  I imagine it to be in many ways an infant's view of the world - all these strange unrecognizable sounds and voices that can't be understood by the listener - or, per my analogy, the baby in a crib.  Hints of a music box and voices which seem to be saying jibberish... isn't that how we come into the world?  &quot;The National Anthem&quot; isn't my favorite track, if only because everything it presents has been done elsewhere before - the anarchic jazz band and throbbing beat hark back to Pink Floyd's Atom Heart Mother.  Don't get me wrong - that is a good thing, if unoriginal.<br />Then we hear the gorgeous &quot;How To Disappear Compeletely&quot; which is the first guitar track on the disc.  And it does not disappoint.  Rich swelling string sections, atmospheric lead guitar lines - even with its more-conventional structure, it presents an atmosphere, perhaps of a deeply foggy day on a small pond - foggy enough that what we can make out visually is only hints around the edges... akin to the lyrics (I'm not here...).  After a forgettable, but forgivable instrumental track, we have the sole &quot;rocker&quot; on the album, &quot;Optimistic&quot;.  Not much to say about it really, but it performs well with complicated drum rhythms, until it breaks down into a jazzy outro which leads into &quot;In Limbo.&quot;  This is a hard track to explain, I can't even really try.  It is really the most chaotic track on the album, I think moreso than the title cut - this feels more aimless and swirling.  Not a fav, but still good.<br />&quot;Idioteque&quot; is a departure for the band even on an album of departures.  I don't know every song in the backcatalog (wasn't much of a fan before), but I do know nothing else they've done is made up of hard dance beats coming out of a drum machine and metallic pad chords.  An interesting and enthralling experiment, which juxtiposes wonderfully with my favorite track, &quot;Morning Bell.&quot;  A subdued yet kinetic number, with a climatic moment that lasts for only about 4 seconds yet really serves as the climax for the entire album.  Gorgeous.  Finally, &quot;Motion Picture SOundtrack&quot; is a dirge of sweeping emotional power.  I think the harps are overdone a bit (not sure those 5 lads know how to use harps effectively), but up to the point that they start to dominate, this song could not be any better.<br />&quot;The Bends&quot; fans, beware: that Radiohead is gone.  Welcome to the future.  And it is now.
B000035Z3K|4.0|... if you like the new Philip Glass/Kronos Quartet music that is!  I do, and recently purchased the DVD for it's wonderful option of the Spanish version, the 'standard' version, but also for the promise of the &quot;CD-quality sound&quot;.  In the latter only was I disappointed.  The VHS sounds better.  I verified this to myself through back &amp; forth switching between the two versions through varying scenes in the early part of the film -- a VHS is less useful for forwarding to a precise place in the film for comparisons.  Specifically the VHS appears to have the music louder &amp; more 'forward' resulting in an appreciably more beautiful string tone.  It also seems as if when mastering the VHS the film's audio track was muted at times when there was no spoken dialogue, again resulting in increased clarity.  This does not seem to be the case with the DVD, which appears to add the Glass music on top the original noisy audio track.  Does anyone else share this perception/observation?  My next step is to check with someone at Universal Studios.  If I'm correct it is the only 'flaw' in the otherwise outstanding DVD production -- but a not insignificant one, when you consider that a VHS analogue tape in a Hi-FI VCR should NOT sound better than a modern DVD -- but it does!
0375707972|4.0|This is a read that requires work, but the gems mined from its weaving of words makes it a worthwhile labour. Dealing with a post-WWII era, this is a unique expose on the lives of the German population in general, and the shame and dishonour they had blanket them in those times. <br />It is also a rich, deep, journey into the shame of one woman, who would rather bear judgement for war crimes than have her lifelong shame revealed. Compelling and provoking.
B00004XONN|5.0|This CD reminds me of Blur's 13.  The first time I heard it I was perplexed.  The second time it started to make a little more sense, but I was still inclined to write it off as self-indulgent.  The third time I started to get it and the songs began to have an impact.  Now, just as 13 is one of my favourite CDs for an introspective evening, I feel that Kid A will be as well... this is not an easy listen at first, but it rewards those with patience.  Idioteque grows on you, How to Disappear Completely will melt you, and tracks like Kid A will confuse you.  Perfection.<br />(PS - there's a hidden booklet under the CD tray which you will probably miss)
B00004XONN|5.0|An experimental turn from Radiohead, tired of their old sound and wanting to try something new. Inspired by electronica artists they go off on a tangent and create new electronic, inspiring, and beautiful soundscapes. An amazing feat from a band so well known for their complex guitar work.<br />Some fair-weather fans might not like Kid A, it will probably leave many people scratching their heads, but I am a fan of the artists Thom Yorke was inspired by, and understand all the directions he was moving in. Complex hard-to-understand lyrics, and some times depressive sounds make it a somewhat difficult listen for casual people.<br />Gripes are... It's short, for the time Radiohead had to produce this album, and the vast amounts of songs they created, and proceeded to throw out, it's unbelievable that they could stand to release the album with such a short play time. It seems like its only mintues before the album is repeating itself, but maybe it's just me.<br />Also, &quot;Treefingers&quot; is just a throw away track, with no substance what so ever. &quot;Fitter Happier&quot; (on OK Computer) had it's strong points, but Treefingers is not worth it's short playtime.<br />Highlights: National Anthem, Idioteque, and Everything in it's Right Place.
0375501851|1.0|I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU GAVE THIS BOOK SUCH A GOOD REVIEW!  OUT OF 12 PEOPLE IN OUR BOOK CLUB, ONLY 1 READ THE ENTIRE BOOK, AND SHE FORCED HERSELF TO DO SO.  THIS PERSON TEACHES A BOOK CLASS FOR SENIOR CIIIZENS.  WE ARE A VERY DIVERS GROUP WITH PROFESSIONALS VERYING IN AGE FROM 85 TO 24. THERE ARE AT LEAST 50% OF OUR GROUP THAT WOULD READ AN ENTIRE BOOK EVEN IF THEY DIDN'T LIKE IT, BUT THIS BOOK WAS NOT WORTH THE TIME OR THE MONEY.
B00004Z511|4.0|(Not reviewing the album itself) A great addition to any addicted Radiohead fan's collection, the Limited Edition of Kid A delivers a pricy, but high quality, look at some of Stanley Donwood's artwork and, well, other odd stuff.<br />There are eight pieces of artwork in total. It's packaged in a heavy posterboard kind of format, with a very glossy look and feel. Very high quality, along with a tiny mini-essay on &quot;Nothing,&quot; probably by Stanley Donwood.<br />The limited edition is only good for hardcore fans who enjoy Radiohead's art as much as their music. Not worth the money if you're looking to just have one copy of the album, go for the normal version then. But, if you want something special that feels good and solid in your hands, along with being very nice and somewhat baffling, go for this limited edition. Oh, and get the normal version, too, just because!
0671034065|5.0|I loved this book so much!  All the Queen's Men was a disappointment, but I decided to give Ms. Howard another try before forever relegating her to \\"paperback only\\" status.  I'm so glad I did.  This was the most enjoyable read I've had since Dara Joy's \\"High Energy.\\"  Although I figured out the villain pretty easily, it was very suspenseful.  The relationship between the two main characters was, well, perfect.  I laughed outloud more times than I can count.  I'll keep this one and read it again.
B00004XQP4|5.0|This album, just like all of Green Day's CDs, is just plain great. You can tell that the band members have matured in the past few years, quite a lot. They've lost that sound that made them the kings of punk six years ago, and now have a more upbeat, acoustic sound. Still, they've retained that same attitude, snotty and rebellious. All of the songs on here are great, gosh, it's hard to pick a favorite. I really like &quot;Warning,&quot; which is about the want to live free, not caring about authority and what everyone else tells you to do. &quot;Minority&quot; is similair, only it is about wanting to be yourself and not giving a crap about what anybody else thinks. &quot;Castaway&quot; is another good track, exploring the feeling of separation and lonliness. The CD also features some notable love songs, such as &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; and &quot;Waiting&quot;. But I'd say my absolute favorite on the entire album is the end track, &quot;Macy's Day Parade,&quot; a slow, meaningful song; not quite like the memorable &quot;Time of Your Life,&quot; but it still explores the journey that we all make through life. All that said and done, this CD is a great addition to Green Day's albums. Buy it. Listen to it. Laugh. Cry.
B00004XONN|5.0|In every new radiohead album, the band challenges themselves in making something totally new to the world, kid a is no exception.With a cool booklet behind the cd, more amazing artwork and sounds never entered into my mind before, kid a is truely one of a kind. it's crazy sounds and vocals, it dwarfs ok computer, making ok computer seem elementary and simple-minded. This album will change the music world and destroy anything that touches it. I'm not going to say a true radiohead fan would buy this no matter what, that's not what it is about.I plan on listening to is for the next month, everyday, at least seven hours a day, to fully enjoy this peice of art.rememBer&quot;don't keep your mind closed, only your eyes&quot;-me
B00004XONN|1.0|Every album they produce they get worse and worse.  This album has to be the worse.  Even though ok computer was great compared to others this one just really really sucks. I'm sorry for any fans to read this but it's horrible. It shows no talnet the singer needs to sing louder and write better lyrics.
B00004XONN|5.0|In every new radiohead album, the band challenges themselves in making something totally new to the world, kid a is no exception.With a cool booklet behind the cd, more amazing artwork and sounds never entered into my mind before, kid a is truely one of a kind. it's crazy sounds and vocals, it dwarfs ok computer, making ok computer seem elementary and simple-minded. This album will change the music world and destroy anything that touches it. I'm not going to say a true radiohead fan would buy this no matter what, that's not what it is about.I plan on listening to is for the next month, everyday, at least seven hours a day, to fully enjoy this peice of art.rememBer&quot;don't keep your mind closed, only your eyes&quot;-me
B00004VVN9|5.0|My god has it been 17 years since this film was released in theatres!  I saw it as a kid and was absolutely blown away by it. Louise Fletcher deserved at least an Oscar nomination for best supporting actress...she tears through her limited screentime with a ferocity and vivacity that is rarely seen these days. When she's confronting the government types who want to steal the &quot;mind-recording&quot; machine she and fellow scientist Chris Walken have invented, it is truly a great acting moment. Her barking at boss Cliff Robertson to &quot;don't you goddamn me, sweetheart&quot; and then proceeding to almost have a heart attack in the ladies room is a classic cinema moment. Natalie Wood had not finished filming all her scenes before her tragic death, but its hardly noticeable. She had that most incredible, expressive face and director Trumbel chose to hold on that in many key moments. When Walken plays back his memories of her (Wood and Walken's marriage is crumbling), the joy on her face is so real. The music for the film is also amazing...from the haunting opening score to the joyous music that surrounds Walken and Wood on their journey. Fletcher's heart attack, where she records her own death experience, is truly disturbing, and Walken's attempt to play it back (which almost kills him)is also terrifying. A beautiful, brave film. Fletcher needs more work like this. And of course, Natalie Wood is missed greatly.
0060977493|5.0|What is the God of Small Things?  Small things are what we talk about when the big things are too difficult and too overwhelming.  This book is the story of the childhood of non-fraternal twins, Rahel &amp; Estha - a girl and a boy, family, forbidden lovers, politics, and tradition.  Ammu is the twins' mother; a woman of a priviledged family who married, then divorced her twins' alcoholic father.  Baby Kochamma is their manipulative spinster aunt who pines for a priest she met as a young girl.  Sophie Mol is a visting Indian/English cousin who meets her end soon after arriving.  The story progresses, in a backwards and forwards manner, telling the tale(s) that ended their childhoods.  The children, utimately become pawns in the cruel &quot;history&quot; being played out by the adults around them.  We often see the result of the action, before we know what occurred; a complex puzzle unfolding.  This story encorporates issues of human relationships, the complicated emotions and repurcussions of the caste system, brutality, and the ability to survive.  Holding together the microcosms of the many &quot;small&quot; stories within this story is Roy's use of language.  The silly rhymes of the children, their imaginative nicknames for adults, and their view of the love and cruelty of adults, and the interpretation of the world on their terms, creates a framework for this story.  The use of &quot;non-standard&quot; English is widely used, which some reviews seem to believe is unintentional.  For instance, verbs are sometimes capitalized in order to emphasize the inevitability, the concrete-ness, of the action.  Sentances are often framented in order to express a thought, especially a child's thought.  (I certainly don't think in complete, grammatical sentances myself).  It's really quite beautifully written.  It takes a few pages to get to the heart of the story, but once there you will be enthralled.  If you are open to an innovative use of language and story telling, alongwith complex, emotional narrative, you will enjoy this book.  I highly recommend it.
0679720200|5.0|THE STRANGER is one of those timeless classics sure                       to disturb new readers well into the next millenium.                       Albert Camus is dealing with truth here, and truth, like                       life, is not for everyone. And neither is this book. I                       wouldn't have it any other way. Camus' pitifully honest                       anti-hero Meursault finds himself on the wrong end of                       French justice following a carefully plotted train of                       carelessly indifferent but seemingly innocent decisions                       culminating in one senseless murder that is the real                       mystery of the novel. Why did he do it? Who is Monsieur                       Meursault, really? Naturally, the reason supplied by the                       author is strongly provocative and certainly                       unsatisfactory for most if not all. The writing is terse,                       economic, exact. A wonder, really. Readers should note                       what is said just as well as what is. This book did what                       few books can. I was left in a state of aesthetic arrest,                       neither drawn to nor repulsed by story or character, a                       sort of neutral zone where all fear and loathing have been                       replaced by pure wonder--much like Meursault himself.                       THE STRANGER only confirms for me what I have                       always suspected: in the hands of a master, writing is the                       highest form of art. What Camus achieves in a few pages                       most modern authors would spend chapters doing.
B00004XONN|5.0|For any Radiohead fan (particularly fans of OK Computer) an absolute must buy.<br />I've read Rolling Stones review online (&quot;the first song, 'Everything in its Proper Place' is everything but...&quot;), which talks about Kid A as a rock/pop record that fails at being that. It goes on about disjointed, dissonant sound with electronic blips and chirps, muted vocals, and lack of true rock performance that make this a messy album.<br />While this assessment is partially accurate, it fails to point out how the disjointed brew that Radiohead has created froths over into a cohesive soundscape of bliss. I've heard some of the songs individually--some bootlegs and the newly released 'Optimistic' single--and this format (individual singles) does not do this collage of an album justice. To truly appreciate the enveloping, lush montage, you have to listen to the album fully, as a single body of work. <br />While it may be difficult to envision, this album uses spare instrumentation - lone keyboard playing, a drum-machine spitting out individual beats, bleating indecipherable vocals - they all come together to create an aural mood that takes you to the depths of emotion. Even the dischordant, out-of-tune sounding horn section in 'National Anthem' meshes with the overly electronic band that plays along with it.  <br />While many will suggest this is a great experimental departure, a true break-up from rock and roll that requires an acquired taste, I don't think it will take long to appreciate the beautiful sadness that is at the soul of every Radiohead song. It is clear on Kid A. <br />Rolling Stone once had Trent Reznor on its cover with the headline 'The Future of Rock and Roll&quot;, well move over Trent, because Thom Yorke and the Radiohead boys are the Rock and Roll poster boys for the new millenium.
B00004XONN|5.0|As a word of caution to the casual Radiohead fan or someone who wants to see what the hype is all about, this may not be the best Radiohead album to begin with.  I would recommend listening to either The Bends or O.K. Computer before jumping into Kid A.  Both of these albums are also worthy of 5 stars, yet are a bit more appproachable to those not knowing what to expect from the years most anticipated &quot;rock&quot; (and I'm using that term loosely) album.   Kid A opens with two very mellow and ambient tracks in &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot;.  The vocals in &quot;Everything&quot; are soft and distorted over synthesized landscapes punctuated by random noise.  &quot;Kid A&quot; continues the mood w/o true vocals, merely a keyboard programmed to mimic the human voice which always registers just on the other side of comprehension.   The next track, &quot;The National Anthem&quot; opens with a blazing bass guitar (bordering on a techno beat). The song will be remembered as perhaps the strangest Radiohead track to date simply for the horn ensemble throughout the song which simply self destructs at the conclusion.      The Album continues through &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; and the instrumental &quot;Treefingers&quot; once again capturing the mellow, ambient and spacey texture.  It is at this point that you stumble on the early standout track of the album, &quot;Optimistic&quot;.  This is the most traditional Radiohead (oxymoron) song on Kid A.  It allows the reader to enjoy Johnny Greenwood's excellenct lead guitar for the first time.     The album then enters it's latter half which is a bit faster paced than the first.  &quot;In Limbo&quot; is a beautiful song w/ Thom's best singing over an overdubbed lead guitar and random noise.  The next track, &quot;Idioteque&quot; is much more of a techno track than a rock track but is also one of the standouts on the album.  The techno influences are still worn heavily on Radiohead'ssleeves on &quot;Morning Bell&quot;, though the pace slows down somewhat.  Kid A closes with the heart wrenchingly beautiful &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; filled with pipe organs and orchestrations.  It is a comforting and safe song, as if it were saying the darkness and strangeness of the album can still come together in beauty.  &quot;Everything will be alright, dear listener.&quot;   Kid A is a tremendously complex album which will no doubt strand the test of time as well as its predecessor, OK Computer.  Though many fans will draw comparisons between the two albums I think that is unfair. Radiohead probably knew it would be impossible to make another OK CPU.  Instead they followed their pattern of marked change from album to album. Kid A reaches much further than OK Computer attempted to and ended up in its own distinct place in the Radiohead legacy. It gets better with each listen and comes highly recommended from this reviewer.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Clerks rules. Kevin Smith is a genius. I try to think of what the most expensive part of this movie was. My guess is that the hockey game is, due to licensing fees. Who knows? Either way, this movie shows what can be done with a great script and just under 30k dollars.<br />To me, some of the greatest things in the movie are the little errors were people might trip on a word for a second. That's so real, that it give the movie a sense of reality that is missing in so many other movies. People have complained that Randall sounds like he's reading from cue cards. So what! Haven't you ever met anyone like that? I have.<br />Jay and Silent Bob are the kings of loitering. What class they possess. Dante and Randall are a shining example of what can happen to you after working too long in a convience and rental store, respectively.<br />There is nothing far fetched about the story of a guy having a bad day at work. I had many days almost that bad when I did retail. The dialogue is brilliant. Nice little insights about life and your place in it.<br />After hearing a little of the story you forget that the movie is in black and white, and you don't care because it's so good. If you are a Kevin Smith/Silent Bob fan and have not seen Clerks yet... Get it! If you've watched Mallrats or Dogma without seeing this you're missing out.<br />Great soundtrack, very cool Soul Asylum video, neat extras. This is one of the best comedy movies out there.
B00004XONN|5.0|Warning! This CD could have been put out by an entirely different band than released OK Computer and The Bends! It's largely ambient music with a quite depressing edge. Anyone looking for a CD from &quot;The guys who did Creep&quot; should pick up &quot;The Bends.&quot; People who own all 3 of Radiohead's other CDs should order this one, take a deep breath, and give it a few listens. After the fourth or fifth listen, you'll consider it alongside any other piece in their impressive body of work.
6305428042|5.0|I have to admit Nightmare before Christmas is my favorite halloween movie BUT this is a close second!  It's one of those great family movies you can watch it over and over.  I loved it.
B00004Z511|1.0|I am submitting this review for the limited edition packaging.  I am giving it 1 star not for the content of the album but for the fact that there really isn't anything in the limited edition packaging that couldn't have been included in the CD booklet that comes with the regular release. It is unjustifiable to charge more for this version as opposed to the regular version.  This packaging is reminicent of a hard cardboard childrens book.  It is only four pages of paintings of iceburgs plus a sleeve for the cd.  There is no CD extra track.  Get the regular release and save some money. It's what on the disk that counts.
0679746048|5.0|Knowing nothing about this book I began it with low expectations, and was continuously surprised and impressed in my reading of it. I thought it might turn into a cry for sympathy from a misunderstood teen turned adult; not so.  Entertaining and as funny as it can be without being tasteless, Ms. Kaysen's novel gives the impression of telling facts like they were, not in the interest of garnering sympathy but for the purpose of promoting understanding of human characteristics which are widely diagnosed but not always understood. I found it refreshing to read so open an account of misconceptions and traits which appear to run rampant in my own generation.  Entertaining enough to be read for that purpose alone, the book raises interesting questions about people's conceptions of mental illness, and the limits of &quot;normal.&quot;  I definitely recommend this book!
B00004XONN|1.0|I've suspected it since that cringe-inducing song &quot;Creep&quot; off Pablo Honey.  The Bends and OK Computer delayed the verdict, but after hearing Kid A (what a pretentious album title) I know. Radiohead is the most overrated band out there right now, and this album is more of a letdown than Smiley Smile.  Garbage!
B000002HMH|5.0|Another great hit by Metallica. I love every single song on load!If you like the songs that became singles on the radio then you'll like the rest of the songs on this cd. This is a load of great songs!!
B00004XONN|5.0|I just picked up KID A, the newest release by Radiohead, and i must say it's what i expected to hear (which is good!!). With every new album, their sound morphs into a totally new one. U could hardly tell that this is radiohead if u only had the Bends or Pablo Honey. Good for them for keeping it original. and good! 5 stars!
B00000FCBC|5.0|I love Whiskey in the jar, track 9 on first cd. Although I like most all of the other songs I feel this cd was worth it just for that one song. I think this Metallica cd rocks!!
B00004WIBW|4.0|Not since Batman have I been this into a Tim Burton movie.  This actually beats Batman, but not by much.  Tim finally found a classic story that matches his style.  Johnny Depp is great as Ichabod Crane, and Christina Ricci proves she is ready to play more grown-up roles.  Yes it is gory, yes it is moody, but that is the best way to make a movie about The Legend of Sleepy Hollow.  See it.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I don't claim to be a wordsmith that is going to enlighten everyone on the deep meanings behind these songs. All I can tell you is that I own the other 3 albums and this one is fantastic as well. The distortion has been turned down and what comes through are great, fun, rockin' tunes. All the tracks are very solid and there is no reason to hit the skip button on this one. A no-brainer for anyone who has ever listened to Green Day.
B00004XONN|5.0|well i wasn't sure that they could top OK Computer but this record proves all skeptics absolutely wrong.  no worries--Kid A delivers, kids:  the songs are consistently interesting, even to the already-initiated into Radioheadworld.  challenging arrangements, inventive/evocative melodies, tortuously beautiful passages mixed with Floydian excursions into the stratosphere--it's all here.  plus of course Yorke's deliciously ambiguous lyrics.  this, along with Mogwai's &quot;Come On Die Young,&quot; Black Watch's &quot;The King of Good Intentions,&quot; Grandaddy's &quot;Software Slump,&quot; is my top record of the past year (just so you can measure my taste against yours, i guess).  if you liked OK or The Bends at all you will be very enriched musically to buy this disc
B00004XONN|5.0|Even though musically the band seems to go in new directions, it is still Radiohead. Their signature sound is here throughout the entire album. OK Computer is still my favorite, but the cd will appeal to fans looking for that Radiohead sound.<br />Along with Dave Mathews, Crash, John McArthur's, &quot;HIDDEN&quot; and Raiohead's OK Computer, it is one of my favorite albums of all times, simply because it is fresh.
0385486804|5.0|If it's true that we should not care any for where we lay our head, that as the sparrows are cared for, we shall be cared for, this short book stands as a testament to despair, to wild abandon.  Giving away his money, possessions, and status in a society transfixed in place, possessions, and status shows the unique quality of hope that Chris &quot;Alexander Super Tramp&quot; McCannless had.<br />My initial attraction to read this short book had to do with my fascination for the life and works of Simone Weil, who, although a much more gifted writer and thinker that SuperTramp, met a similar fate of starvation for a cause.  No, she went further than Chris, she died for a cause (even if that cause was bulemia) whereas Chris died from mistaken judgement.  At least, that is how Krakauer presents Christ--I mean, Chris.<br />This is definitely the book for discussion groups and late night talking with friends.  Krakauers accessible writing craft led to an equitable presentation of a complex individual.  <br />Also, it's the kind of book to put into the hands of someone who is not a fast reader or who doesn't read that much; this book will make a reader of her or him.
B00004XONN|4.0|There is a definite shine that is given off from this album.  Radiohead, THE MOST IMPORTANT BAND IN THE WORLD, have given it's public a gem of an album.  There's a certain fragility to Thom's voice that comes through on &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; at the ending chorus that pulls you in deeper and won't let go.  Other great tracks include, &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, &quot;Optimistic&quot;, &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot;, and my personal favorite, &quot;Morning Bell&quot;.  It's definetly one of the finer albums I've heard this year, possibly one of the best if not THE best.  They really do make a good &quot;buzz&quot; as Thom would put it.  The only reason that I don't give it a 5, is because it's not OK Computer, but it's a very, very good follow up. This, my friends, is one to own.  Buy two, buy three, buy however many you want.  You won't be disappointed.<br />-Mos'
B00004XQP4|5.0|It happens to everyone,....eventually you grow up.  And now, so has Green Day.  It is great to finally hear something that isnt the mindless dribble of NSYNC, Brittany Spears, or some other cheesy TRL pop sensation.  <br />Green Day's Warning is an intelligent collection of great rock songs with a punk flair.  The lead single &quot;Minority,&quot; is getting played to death on our alternative station here in ATL, but it is the kind of song that is very hard to get sick of, and the groove is addictive.  <br />I think the thing that makes this the best Green Day CD yet, is that is goes way beyond standard punk.  Songs like &quot;Misery,&quot; and &quot;Jackass,&quot; are tasty and very different for Green Day, taking on a totally different feel from the hard edge grinding punk sound.  <br />All in all it is a great listen and a great effort.  It is filled with enough of the dirty guitar driven, punkish sound and quirky sarcasm that fans have come to love.<br />Just buy it, you will love it!
B00004YLIU|5.0|There is a space between. Radiohead proved with OK Computer that songwriting could be taken to the next level, with Kid A they continue on the venture to progress (without being a progressive rock band, of course). <br />&quot;Everything in It's Right Place&quot; sets the aura, laden with keyboards and Thom Yorke's sampled voice. Along the spectrum of the rest of the album, we find use of samples (a surprise for Radiohead fans), guitar drones/soundscapes (&quot;Treefingers&quot;), marches in 5 (&quot;Morning Bell&quot;).<br />The album comes across as an experience of constant movement, there is no time to settle down or contemplate what is behind, but what is directly ahead. Conventions may be wrapped to be discarded, but there are hints of dying (that is to say, beautiful) melodies scattered like loose change, all sided on heads. <br />Bottom line: Beautiful record that aches for more listens, and definitely gets better with every listen. Another amazing work from the Oxford boys.
6303920713|2.0|Michelle Pfeiffer who is very talented and very beautiful failed to move me here as an ex-marine who becomes an English Teacher at an tough inner-city school where she confronts freaks and viloent students who don't want to learn. The message here is the fact that kids who are mouthy and think that they are tough have a right to do what they want, kind of stupid to see this film now and think it would actually make an impact on today's youth, with it's bland and unbelivable wish fullfilment. I don't see how poetry can tame tough,restive delinquents. Half hour into the film you will feel dissallusined on why you rented this video, and by the end you will throw the VCR or DVD out the window with the movie follwing behind it. Now that's a dangerous mind.
B00004XONN|4.0|I bought the CD on OCT. 3 being a hardcore Radiohead fan and I have listned to it 3 times.  It is a short album, only containing 10 tracks, but the tracks all seem to build off of eachother.  They flow into eachother in a moody essence that is all Radiohead in content. Kid A, the title track starts out very slow and continues that way but is very good.  My personal favorite trcks are National Anthem, How to Disappear Completely, Optimistic, and Morning Bell.  It is different from OK Computer and The Bends but with all Radiohead CD's they are always different from eachother.  Buy this CD and listen to it more then once before you make your opinion.
6303036570|5.0|AL PACINO AND SEAN PENN JUST ASTONISH ANY VIEWER WHO'S LUCKY ENOUGH TO WITNESS GRAND ACIEVMENT IN FILMMAKING WHEN SEEING THIS EXPOLSIVE CRIME DRAMA ABOUT A REFORMED GANGSTER CARLITO BRIGANTE(PACINO)WHO FINDS IT HARD TO BREAK THE TIES THAT BIND HIM TO HIS OLD CRIMINAL WAYS WHEN TRYING TO START A NEW LIFE. EXCELLENT ACTION SEQUENCES WITH PACINO HAVING A VILOENT SHOOTOUT WHEN HIS NEPHEW IS KILLED IN A BLOODY DRUG DEAL GONE WRONG, THIS SCENE ALONE HAS PACINO IN SOME OF HIS BEST ACTING IN HIS ENTIRE CAREER. THE ENDING IS ESPECALLY MEMORABLE WHEN CARLITO FINALLY SEES HIS CHANCE TO ESCAPE FROM HIS PURSUERS HE RECIEVES A BULLET FROM A YOUNG, OBNOXIOUS GANGSTER ON THE RISE(LEGUIZAMO)WHO SEES HIS CHANCE TO KILL OFF A LEGEND AND GETS AWAY WITH IT. ADMIST ALL THE FAMILIAR CLICHES THAT GOES ALONG WITH FILMS OF THIS NATURE IT'S STILL A THRILLING RIDE FROM START TO FINNISH AND IS QUITE THE OPPISTE OF IT'S PREDESSCOR &quot;SCARFACE&quot;(1983)IN THAT ONE PACINO'S &quot;TONY MONTANNA&quot; WAS DESTROYED FOR HIS ENDLESS PURSUIT OF POWER AND IN &quot;CARLITO'S WAY&quot; HE WAS KILLED BECAUSE HE COULD NOT GET AWAY FROM THE POWER HE ONCE HAD. GREAT STORY WELL TOLD WITH DE PALMA AT THE HEIGHT OF HIS DIRECTORIAL MAGNIFICENCE. SEAN PENN AS PACINO'S TRECHARUS LAWYER IS AN ADDED BONUS TO THE MIX IN I HAVE TO SAY ONE OF HIS BEST PERFORMANCES OF HIS CARRER. CARLITO'S WAY WILL LONG BE REMEBERD AS ONE OF DIRECTOR BRIAN DE PALMA'S MOST PRIZED ACHIEVMENTS.
B00004XONN|5.0|First off, I'd like to say that although many reviews out there try and say that this album is nothing like OK Computer, they are wrong.<br />True, much of the guitar-work and vocalism is lost, but this album seems like a natural progression from that album - almost breaking their music down from that effort into a more simplistic and dark sound on this one. The result is a powerful, dark, almost ambient sound. There is nothing acoustic here.<br />Just about every note of music is distorted or messed with, but it's done in a way that seems different and meaningful. The songs sound like they were thought out (ie: purposely distorted tones over clean ones, etc...)and not just thrown together with a couple of synths and mixers.<br />Although this album will probably not reach the sales level of the amazing &quot;OK Computer&quot;, I feel this album is no worse - just different, and that's what makes it so amazing.
0790740443|1.0|The producers and directors should of known better that this film was going to be a flop long before the cameras started to roll. Kurt Russell in my mind the most underused &amp; underappreciated actor in Hollywood Plays Todd, a loyal Army solider who after a lifetime of faithful service is replaced by a genatically superior effcient soilder Caine 607 Todd loses a fight to Caine 607 and is soon discarded by his surperiors and dumped on a waste disposal planet called Arcadia. And in time with the help of the locals he regains his strength and gets his rematch and kills Caine. With all the massive spectaular visual effects can`t save this film from repeating the same cliches other films in the genre have done, and baseically this type of subject has otfen been explored enough in UNIVERSAL SOLIDER 1 &amp; 2. Unessecary vilolence and preditabillty make this film unbearble to watch Russell with his own unique acting talent and ability can do so much better. This film is a waste of time.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Green Day has realized something: they aren't 20 anymore. Greenday has matured greatly on this new album. The are no longer the hard punk rock band of old. The songs are now a bit softer, with a Third Eye Blind type of pop-rock tone to them.    The best of this new Green Day is Church On Sunday. This poppy tune has a good beat and catchy lyrics.    The songs are no longer the same three barre chords banged out over and over. Quite a number of songs are acoustic. Green Day has evolved.
B000002MP2|5.0|This is a great CD.  Every song on the cd is very well written.  Singer/Guitarist Billy Joe Armstrong's vocals are great.  His faked slight British accent adds a distinct feel to Green Day.  His guitar riffs are also well written and well played.  Along with Armstrong's vocals, the thing that makes Green Day stand out is the great bass work by Mike Dirnt, which is noticable on many songs.  Tre Cool is also good on the drums.  The songwriting is excellent on every song. Singles 'Longview' and 'When I Come Around' are the standouts, but every song is great.  If you like Green Day or any other rock, you will love this cd.  (Warning: this cd does contain a small amount of &quot;f&quot; and &quot;s&quot; words, so parents be warned)<br />BUY IT NOW
B00004Z511|5.0|I love this album.  It does not have any songs like &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; or &quot;Electioneering&quot; that are really easy to listen to.  The album is full of dissonances and electronic instrumentation.  They have created a new style for themselves, as they tend to do with the release of a new album, and it suits them perfectly. The artwork that comes with the CD is also very cool.  Definitely worth the extra money for the Limited Edition.
B00004XONN|5.0|It's really funny how each time Radiohead decides to come out with an album, they seem to make a conscious decision to make everyone just a bit confused by the whole thing. Starting out as a seemingly run of the mill rock band, they started to explore softer sounds with The Bends, and then weirder sounds with OK Computer, a record which is truthfully very hard to top. Many critics consider it the best album of the 90s. Instead of trying to follow it up with something along similar lines, they again stray further and further away from any sort of rock and roll roots; while their three previous main efforts ( and the EP How am I driving, as well as imports like Itch ) still had some sort of top 40 quality that made them accessible to large audiences, this album has very little you could really play on the radio. Influences from Aphex Twin and DJ Shadow can be heard throughout, but an influence from the former on &quot;Idioteque&quot; cannot be denied, nor would I be surprised if Richard D. James were some sort of honorary member of the group. Through exploring keyboards and synths and how they meld with rock, Radiohead chooses to follow the same path that the Who did back in the late sixties: tired of singing pop songs geared to the masses ( as GREAT as those pop songs might be ), they turn towards the much less accessable electronic field to further their sound. Radiohead ( I don't want to say it was just Thom Yorke ) started tinkering with the very sound of music - paying close attention to synthesized knob-turning and sampling especially.  This all results in Kid A. It's really different, just like  their previous three albums, none of which really all belong to the same static band. They're always changing and evolving, but not with styles or trends. They're doing their own thing. Here continues a complete removal of their appearance from their cover art and most other aspects of their publicity, something that New Order was a master of - are they making a conscious effort to revitalize synth pop? You decide. Making an album as good as OK Computer is really, really hard. By doing something completely different and very unexpected ( be on the lookout for secrets both on the album and in the very case it comes in ) they've managed to outdo themselves: If Radiohead's sound can't possibly get any better, than the one sure way to demonstrate their prowess is to show just how much they can do with this sound.
B00000AFFI|5.0|PJ Harvey's previous work, 1992's DRY ,1993's RID OF ME and 1995's TO BRING YOU MY LOVE are all totally different than what is found here on IS THIS DESIRE?  Written off by many as the &quot;failed&quot; album, I beg to differ. Altho, true...it is a totally different sound for PJ, it's a new scape she's taken us down and that's what we should want as fans. She can't spend her days locked in a tower screeching at lovers wrongdoings against grinding guitars. The album starts off with, &quot;Angelene&quot;, a song that would shock anyone holding the CD, wanting to hear something as in your face as let's say, Rid of Me, Oh My Lover, or To Bring You My Love. It's pretty, gauzy, and forelorn. &quot;My first name's Angelene. Prettiest mess you ever  seen.&quot; Pin-pointing exactly what comes to follow, PJ spends a day in the dressing room. Pretending, where I expected her career to go anyway. There is a sense of being &quot;dry&quot; so fans of her for that reason, should be excited. But just know it's in a simpler form. &quot;If I don't find it this time, then I'm better off dead.&quot; -My Beautiful Leah. One of the albums highlights. &quot;Catherine&quot; however, I think, is the best song on the record. She tries a new style of vocals. She goes deep, proving her jealousy of Cathrine DeBarra. She envies her hair, her lover, and even her pillow. She wants to be her, and you can feel it due to  the brilliant sinister music  and this new way of singing. &quot;Is This Desire?&quot; the song, is a bit of a weird one, seeing as it's the albums finale, you wonder if there was a theme you were missing, most songs describing loneliness in wealth (the wind), jealousy (Catherine),possible prostitution (Angelene),, possible homosexuality(The Garden?), dancing (The Sky Lit Up) and many more it seems a bit misplaced with it's rich setting., but if you take it as a metaphor for the whole bag of clothes here, it works nicely. Enjoy ..
B00004XONN|4.0|You know,  i grew up a big fan of pink floyd and and over the years i've been known to bemoan the fact that,  with a few notable exceptions, bands today didn't seem to have the sense of musical bravery and experimentation that the older Floyd records had. apparently,  radiohead have been listening to me.<br />in a bold shift of direction,  radiohead have ditched the primarily guitar-driven sonud of their previous releases for a electronica-inflected ambience somewhat reminiscent of aphex twin (or at times even kraftwerk) and have married this to lyrical themes of alienation and disconnection similar to those on the bands previous release OK COMPUTER. as always Thom Yourke's ghostly tenor shines and sets the mood.  even though its heavily digitally altered at times, it's still one of the most distinctive voices in modern rock,  and provides a touch of humanity in the mechanized soudscape of KID A.<br />i highly recommend that the lister absorb this record in one sitting (at least the first few times) as it does seem to be very thematic in nature (i'll stop short of calling it a concept record,  but it's close).  still,  a few tracks stand out from the others. the first track &quot;everything in its right place&quot;  features a hypnotic organ drone and pulsing electonic backbeat mixed with strangely altered backward vocal wierdness. &quot;optimistic&quot;  could be considered the one &quot;classic style&quot;  radiohead song on the disc,  with its multiple guitars and soaring chorus. almost certainly,  its the most accessible and radio friendly song on the album.  &quot;the  national anthem&quot;  starts with a driving fuzz-bass and drum intro with heavily reverbed vocals,  and then is gradually overrun by a free jazz horn freakout.  and my personal favorite &quot;how to dissappear completely&quot;  highlights soft acoustic guitar srumming and beautiful, moody, vocals seamlessly blending with an angelic string arrangment.<br />in brief,  this at times is a difficult record.  people expecting the &quot;rock&quot; band heard on THE BENDS  or OK COMPUTER  may be disappointed with KID A's stark techno vibes.  but take it in a few times and i think that the more adventurous listeners out there will be rewarded a musical trip that i haven't heard the likes of since (maybe) DARK SIDE OF THE MOON.record.  people expecting the &quot;rock&quot; band heard on THE BENDS  or OK COMPUTER  may be disappointed with KID A's stark techno vibes.  but take it in a few times and i think that the more adventurous listeners out there will be rewarded a musical trip that i haven't heard the likes of since (maybe) DARK SIDE OF THE MOON.
B00004XONN|2.0|&quot;we hope that you choke&quot;<br />guess what radiohead, you've choked<br />just couldnt follow up good ol' OK computer<br />no one liked OKComputer because the neat studio sound effects<br />it was the songwriting my friends<br />now we have an album completely void of any songwriting<br />oh what a sad day<br />to see my favorite band not able to write a tune<br />neat studio tricks cant fix a bad song thom...
B00004XONN|5.0|For the first time, Radiohead doesn't include lyrics with their new album, &quot;Kid A&quot;, but this is their first CD release that really isn't about the words--it's more about the atmosphere.  From the opening track, &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot;, Thom Yorke's vocals and the complex synthesized arrangements wrap you in a warm, complexly woven blanket of sound.  His voice ebbs and flows, appears seemingly out of nowhere, and dissapearing in the same way it came.  The second track, &quot;Kid A&quot;, showcases Radiohead deconstructing themselves and, by track's end, reinventing themselves again--the main theme that starts the piece resurfaces in a new, more beautiful, more inspired light.  It's this track that ultimately sets the tone for the rest of the album, an ambitious, beautiful, aching, and utterly intense soundscape of awesome power.  Listen especially to the melancholy of &quot;How to Dissapear Completely&quot;, the uncharacteristic optimism of &quot;Optimistic&quot; (sample lyric: &quot;You can try the best you can, the best you can is good enough&quot;), the pulsating and sublime chord and drum manipulation in &quot;Idioteque&quot;, and the heartache and need expressed in the increadible &quot;Morning Bell&quot; and &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;.  The CD requires multiple listens--but don't listen to it if you don't have the time to concentrate on it.  Radiohead wants you to pay attention, and pay attention hard--you'll reap the benefits if you do, and you'll also realize how useless some of your old CD's have become.
B00004XQP4|1.0|Slow, boring songs and the good ones get old fast.  Green Day is going down the tubes.
0380973464|5.0|It was late one night as I lay in my bed reading &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot; by Neal Stephenson. My wife lay beside me all tucked into bed and doing her best to get some sleep while I lay next to her with the night stand lamp shooting out a dim circle of light. I chuckled to myself. Then I laughed out load and apologized to my wife. Then a laughed until I cried. My wife at this point, obviously upset as I interrupted her best effort to sleep, demanded that I tell her what exactly I was laughing about. I then embarked on reading her the 3+ pages that described one of the characters in this amazing book preparing and partaking in a feast of Captain Crunch cereal. First off, you wouldn't think that eating Captain Cruch cereal could be that amuzing, but even more surprising, that it could take more than 3 pages to describe. That's exactly what makes this book so fun. What the average author would describe in one paragraph or even a single sentence Stephenson describes in three pages. This, you say, would be much too boring. Well it isn't. Stephenson has an incredible knack for knowing just how far to push a particular topic, making it both fun and interesting, without losing the readers interest.<br />This book is one of my new favorites. Right behind Snow Crash, and Wyrm by Mark Fabi.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is to OK Computer what OKC is to The Bends.  There is no single, few hooks, few comprehensible lyrics.  But it's beautiful, and it's brilliant.  The best band in the world is taking a plunge and all we can do is follow them.
B000000WZ4|4.0|Although &quot;Ultra&quot; is a good cd, it left me thinking that they should have filled in a few spaces here and there.  But when I bought the DM video of their hits, there is an interview with the members at the end that explains the minimal nature of &quot;Ultra&quot;.  They felt they didn't need to validate themselves with a &quot;big&quot; sound.  The cd is still extremely listenable, with their signature dark moments and irreverant lyrics.  My favorite tune is the slow melodic &quot;Love Theives&quot; (track #2).  Most of the tunes are good, with a couple of weak tracks toward the end.  However, the strength of the final track &quot;Insight&quot; keeps the cd balanced on all four wheels, and its hopeful nature is a welcome sound after the darkness of the rest of &quot;Ultra&quot;.
B00004XONN|2.0|What is this album?  Dissonant noise?  A joke?  A failed attempt by a recording group?  It's all three of these statements wrapped into one overproduced album.  A casual listening to this album brings frustration and the air of background music.  A second listen with headphones will put you to sleep.  Thus has to be Radiohead's weakest effort, a pointless prog rock epic about sucking lemons and failed efforts.  Personally, I liked the ambient genre before Radiohead tried their hand at it.  Buy it for the album art and the cellophane that accompanies it.
0780631684|4.0|I didn't quite know what to expect when I first saw this film, but was intrigued by it.  High School Senior Alex is traveling to Paris with his French Class.  A nightmare of the plane exploding seems all but too real for the young man, and emotion takes the best of him.       After being evicted from the plane, he and six others watch in horror as the plane really does explode.  For many the memorial service would be the end of the story, but the movie takes an unusual twist, when the survivors begin dying.  His best friend dies after a premonition he has, and slowly, more of the group begin doing the same.       The story has many twists and turns, but centers around a belief that you can't escape death, and that it is continually lurking behind you.  This film is full of action, and suspense, making it one of my top picks.
0679777547|4.0|The Club Dumas is one of those novels that you find yourself reading over again, two, three, four times, to pick up everything that you didn't catch before, or captured but failed to remember. <br />As a book of detection, it's original; as a thriller, it is very successful. The Club Dumas is a book following, step by step, the metamorphosis of the main character, Lucas Corso. And it does that well, something which the movie, The Ninth Gate, fails to achieve. If you went and saw the movie before you have had the chance to read the book, be assured that the book is much, much better.
B00003CWL6|3.0|This is my opinion: AMERICAN BEAUTY is an ordinary film.  Not particularly good or bad because this has all been said before about life in general.  For example, THE RULING CLASS (1972) starring Peter O'Toole, shocked England as it portrayed the aristocracy as depraved and God forsaken.  Robert Altman's A WEDDING (1978) with Carol Burnett portrayed dysfunction in American upper classes the same as HOME FROM THE HILL (1960) with Robert Mitchum and George Hamilton and CAT ON A HOT TIN ROOF (1958) with Paul Newman and Elizabeth Taylor, etc., etc.  Thus, dysfunction has been portrayed over and over again and with undisputed critical acclaim.  Perhaps what makes AMERICAN BEAUTY so interesting to so many people is that they themselves are either young (20ish) and going around for the first time, or they never had the opportunity to think freely when that was the thing in the 50's and 60's (remember the hippies?) and freethinking is finally mainstream.  Consequently, AMERICAN BEAUTY gives them a chance to look at social diversity (which is commonplace) without censure.  Whether they went away accepting homosexuals, latent homosexuals, or platonic/sexual love paradoxes, there is nothing new in AMERICAN BEAUTY other than standard movie fare.  Get it?  Moreover, it is my opinion that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences selects the picture of the year based on what-to them-has the greatest social relevance for that particular year.  Go figure.  Lastly, an upper class American lifestyle perhaps isn't so beautiful after all.
1556154844|5.0|I sorely wish everyone who's code I have had to read over the last 18 years had grasped the principles this book expounds. It should be required reading for CS students (especially some of the opinionated and functionally useless idiots that I've seen produced by our academic system of late).<br />The chapter on optimization - and how it's not always a smart idea - is worth the price of the book alone.<br />Yes the book is a little old, but the laws of physics don't change that often, and neither does human behaviour :-). If the book lacks anything, it is coverage of object orientation. For that, get a copy of &quot;Effective C++&quot;.<br />Recommended reading, both for those who code, and those who administer other coders.
0060920084|4.0|Enough has been written about this book that I'll focus on trying to help the prospective reader sort it out.  It is praised for being funny and for its brutal truthfulness; it is maligned for its harsh comments and putdowns.  Both are true enough, so the real question is whether you would like it or not.<br />If you have a romantic feel about small-town America, and if you're firm in your conviction that it's the world's greatest country, I doubt you'll enjoy Bryson's take on it.  He sees no beauty in a plain landscape; if it's not fancy and breathtaking, it bores him, and he says so.  It's safe to say that if he ever retraces his steps, there will be a few detractors here and there who'll take him to task for what he had to say about them.<br />If on the other hand you believe that we should above all be able to take a joke, and that if it's the truth, it needs to be said even if it's pretty unflattering, you're going to really like Bryson's approach.  I've seen a good portion of the parts of the nation Bryson saw, and the fact is, he's right.  We can either have a good laugh on ourselves, or we can pout, but it won't change the facts--and if we don't pout, we prove ourselves maybe not to be as small-minded as he thought.  And his perspective, after twenty years abroad, is fresher than ours.  I think he has some great insights.  Even if he's all wet, he sure speaks his mind.<br />The only area in which his portrayal rings a little hollow is when he describes tourists.  To hear Bryson talk, every American tourist he saw was an overweight, flowery-shirted, pasty-fleshed dork, talking loudly, tipping meanly and appreciating nothing.  Here's a little bit of honesty for Bryson (fair's fair, right?):  considering how much of America he didn't appreciate because it didn't overwhelm him with its urbanity, neatness and monumental beauty, he hasn't really given us any reason not to consider him as just another tourist conforming to his own stereotype of tourists.  In fairness to him, though, let it be said that he occasionally does at least catch himself in a moment of undue harshness, and that in the end, his own home state of Iowa looks pretty good to him--flatness, down-home attitudes, croplands and all.  (I could have told him that in advance and saved him a lot of driving.:))<br />If your main goal is to enjoy humour about America, or to read perceptive observations about it, this is a must-have.  Wouldn't be a bad gift for foreign friends interested in learning more about the real America, too, if you get sick of people thinking the whole country is basically L.A.  If you're prone to take some harsh comments about your state or region or the people in it personally, though, Bryson may offend the heck out of you and you probably wouldn't like his book.ness to him, though, let it be said that he occasionally does at least catch himself in a moment of undue harshness, and that in the end, his own home state of Iowa looks pretty good to him--flatness, down-home attitudes, croplands and all.  (I could have told him that in advance and saved him a lot of driving.:))<br />If your main goal is to enjoy humour about America, or to read perceptive observations about it, this is a must-have.  Wouldn't be a bad gift for foreign friends interested in learning more about the real America, too, if you get sick of people thinking the whole country is basically L.A.  If you're prone to take some harsh comments about your state or region or the people in it personally, though, Bryson may offend the heck out of you and you probably wouldn't like his book.
B00004XONN|5.0|No drop off from OK Computer. Radiohead confirms their place in the top strata of modern rock bands with this release. Follow their directions, and listen to this from start to finish-pick a dark room for the setting. It does not disappoint. Reminiscent of Pink Floyd at times, reminiscent of nothing at others. It's a masterpiece.
B00004XONN|5.0|Goes to show that in this day and age of mindless pop and boy bands,a group can rise above all this,that band is the mighty RADIOHEAD!!!  Kid A is like a futuristic leap into the protential of what interesting music can be.Radiohead has set anew standard in music kinda like what pink floyd did in the 70's.  The music is interesting,intelligent,and not for the masses...I can't picture teeny-boppers and macho rap-metalheads getting into this(AND THAT IS A GOOD THING!!!)BUt,if your looking to find a higher calling in music,this my friends is the ticket to the stars.  JUst buy,listen,and you will understand!THom Yorke is god!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's most ambitious effort to date, Kid A, is another example of just how far ahead of their time they really are. Sounding like a alien space-pop collage from the future, the album is laced with some very impressive sonic textures and production. In fact, I think it's safe to say it's some of the best I have ever heard. Radiohead have grown and changed the way they've written their songs, some of which don't use guitars or drums. Including a beatless, wordless ambient soundscape, and even a horn-sectioned groove, the songs on Kid A stand out as some of the most densely-layered tracks ever put out by Radiohead. With that said, some of the listeners of this album who are more familiar with their older, guitar-driven tunes might not be immediately impressed upon even the first few listens. It is only with time and patience can this album be truly appreciated, with all it's density.
B00004XONN|4.0|to be blunt, this isn't the best music radiohead's created.  i still believe that &quot;the bends&quot; is their masterpiece due to its energy and consistency.  but when analyzed on its own merits, kid a is a solid album by any right.  <br />other than some ambient tracks on &quot;ok computer,&quot; the sound of &quot;kid a&quot; is entirely different than the music radiohead's made until this point.  there is very little guitar to be heard here--the loud hooks are gone.  the songs shake away any connection to guitar driven top 40 music; there are no apparent singles to be found here.    <br />subsequently, kid a is not a collection of songs, but a cohesive experience.  it has to be listened to in its entirety.  the meditative nature of the songs make them ideal background music.  i find the album to be soothing when i play it while i do something else.  also, when i just want to take a break, it's pleasing to simply listen to the album and let my imagination wander.<br />all the songs have a quiet, meditative, and somber tone to them.  even the most upbeat songs on the album, &quot;idioteque&quot; and &quot;the national anthem,&quot; still feel swaddled by sadness.  however, even though the album is dark, it isn't quite as desperate as &quot;ok computer.&quot;  <br />all in all, fans might be surprised by the change in direction to more dancy, almost triphop-esque music (on some tracks).  still, the core emotions radiohead albums evoke can still be found here amid the entirely different style.
B00004U2HK|5.0|I really would rate this movie with 1000 stars as the kids have been always kids in every time. I really love the movie as it was premiered on February 7, 1965, the day when I was born and I just admire the movie by its musical score and the fabulous cast. I believe this movie will never be forgotten and if I were a billionairre, I would buy thousand titles so that every country, state and family should own it.In my own country, this movie is really admired and shown very often.
B00004XONN|4.0|While it's not immediately accessible like &quot;The Bends&quot; (1995) and lacks the melodic hooks of &quot;OK Computer&quot; (1997), &quot;Kid A&quot; challenges the listener to grow with the band's sound. Defying conventional song structures on most of its tracks, &quot;Kid A&quot; grows more and more enjoyable with each repeated listening. &quot;The National Anthem,&quot; with its show-stopping horn finale, is enough to make you stand up and salute. A word to the uninitiated: To fully appreciate the band's aural accomplishment, listen to &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;OK Computer&quot; first.
B00000INEX|3.0|We purchased Baby Mozart for our daughter when she was about 6 months old and she loved it.  We bought Baby Bach a few weeks later and, while she enjoyed it a little, Baby Bach is not as good.    There are a lot more static shots with little or no movement and some scenes are repetitious.  The producer also put their daughter (and other kids - maybe friends/neighbors) in the video and these scenes just don't fit in.  It's obvious that they were just stuck in because they thought that it would be \\"cute\\" - it really wasn't.  The music on this video is not as lively as the Mozart tape either.     <br />In my experience these tape (Baby Mozart and Baby Bach) are great for the 6 - 12 month age range.  They really hold the child's attention. When our daughter turned one she began to lose interest in these tapes.
B00000163G|5.0|I got into rap seriously back in the days of Warren, Dre, Snoop, &amp; Pac. Regulate was really tight. Doggystyle was bumping everywhere you went...But this CD was it for me. This CD took me from uncertainty about rap to being a firm believer that given the right rapper, anybody can love rap. It's been about 4 years now and I still play this CD and absolutely love it. Songs for when you feel good, bad, mad, sad, whatever. 2 discs of tracks you're always willing to hear. This is what all rap should be like. Forget Jay-Z, No Limit, Cash Money. This was the REAL thug. This was the REAL rap. Pac put his heart in it like no other. If you don't get into this album, you don't know what rap actually is.
B000001ESF|5.0|See my review of Rush's Moving Pictures regarding the remaster quality.  (If you were wondering if it makes any difference, yes, hallelujah, yes, for us long-time Rush fans who were both screwed by Mercury's lack of quality control in the 80s when it came to replacing our vinyl on CD, and remember how much huger the sound on that vinyl was...)  Granted, the 2112 source tapes and recording equipment were several years older (circa 1976), so they naturally fall a bit short of the full &quot;umph&quot; of 1981's Moving Pictures, but the remaster treatment does excellent justice in much the same way-there's so much more surrounding _presence_ for all the instruments.  (A healthy dose of volume always helps, too.  :-)  I particularly like how Alex's acoustic guitars &quot;sproing&quot; at you in the 2112 Overture.  Indeed, A/B'ing the old 2112 CD issue with the new, I was struck by how flat and squashed the mixing was on the old version, compared to the &quot;liveness&quot; of the remaster.  Nice to crank this one as well!  (Remember those hot afternoons in high school when you were sunk in your parents' living room chair/sofa with this on? )<br />Other reviews have done enough justice to the album, so I'll only point out that the title track is by far the best and most comprehensively designed, rehearsed and recorded part to the album.  The B-side (Passage to Bangkok through Something for Nothing) has some nice moments to it, to hear a young band's energy, particularly on &quot;Something for Nothing,&quot; but also &quot;Lessons,&quot; and the acoustic (and bass) guitar parts (simple, but beautiful) on &quot;Tears&quot;, but all those B-side tunes (with the possible exception of  &quot;Something&quot;) are really prototypes that don't really do justice to Rush's later composition capabilities in the more &quot;commercial&quot; song format.  (&quot;Passage to Bangkok&quot;'s live reworking on Exit...Stage Left is something to hear and compare, however...)  Keep a light,unbiased, or at least, amused attitude when you listen to these B-side tunes, and realize it's about a young band working hard with limited time to write on the road in the mid-1970s but still having fun, and you'll come to appreciate at least some of them, too, if not love them like the title opus.<br />One other nice touch:  unlike the old CD issue and the vinyl re-issues, the 2112 remaster includes the full set of lyrics with the CD foldout.<br />Not that I really want to shell out the dough a fourth time, but if Mercury and/or the band is listening (?)-a lot of longtime Rush fans would REALLY like the individual sections to &quot;2112&quot; and &quot;Hemispheres&quot; itemized as &quot;songs&quot; on the digital counter (as was done with &quot;2112&quot; on the live album Different Stages), if possible, for the next remaster...makes us instrumentalists (and listeners) exceedingly happy when it comes to learning/remembering the separate parts, eh? :-)
B00004XONN|5.0|This is an extremely satisfying follow-up to Radiohead's: OK Computer.  With OK Computer Radiohead took a dive into the digital world.  On this CD, Radiohead plunges the the pits of abstraction.  The CD sucks you in with it's first track &quot;Everything In Its Right Place.&quot;  The track is filled with beautiful organ-sounding notes that escalate into a dreamscape backed up by vocals that seem to float with the melody.  The title track &quot;Kid A&quot; plays much like the thesis to a well written research paper.  There is an electricity in the vocals that makes them have a piercing hum.  &quot;The National Anthem&quot; speeds up the recording with some nice drum beats and bouncing base-lines.  Now we reach track 4 &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot;  This track is a work of art.  Radiohead gives us a ride through Sadness and Separation.  This song brings us the depression that OK Computer prepared us for.  Now as far as the other rest of the album goes,...  You'll have to see that for yourself after you buy it, because you owe it to yourself to see what the future of music is bringing us.  Look around *closely at the cd case after you buy it, you'll find some interesting &quot;art&quot;.  And don't hesitate to listen to it again and again... It gets better :-)
B00004XONN|5.0|WOW. Is this RADIOHEAD? &quot;Kid A&quot; doesn't sound much like &quot;OK Computer&quot; -- but then again, that album didn't sound much like &quot;The Bends,&quot; which, in turn, didn't sound much like &quot;Pablo Honey.&quot; Fans of songs like &quot;Creep&quot; and &quot;Iron Lung&quot; beware: Radiohead has moved on in a big way, and you will not find anything here that you can hum or sing the lyrics to in the shower. The album borders on ambient in some places, and nonfigurative in others; the rest is like techno mixed with rock, all at half the speed and double the intensity. But it's all done with such confidence and skill that you don't miss the old stuff. &quot;Kid A&quot; is trippy and complex, its songs have multiple layers and intricate aural compositions, and is overall a more intellectual piece than any of its predecessors. When all is said and done, Radiohead has done the impossible: it has followed up on &quot;OK Computer&quot; with an album that is just as beautiful, complex, and revolutionary. WOW.
0446608955|5.0|For all those people who gave a review before me, and said they did not like this book- there is only one thing that I can say and that is you are crazy! Being a 17 year old girl I found this book to be heart warming, and an inspiration to all shy girls. After the first chapter I was stuck in the life of Landon and his love for Jamie. Towards the end the book brought tears to my eyes. I plan to read more of Sparks books after this one.
B00004XQP4|4.0|this is the first cd that i've gone out and gotten on the first day it was out.  that's how much i've been anticipating green day's latest.  if it wasn't for billie joe's vocals, i almost couldn't tell that this was the same green day that created kerplunk, 1039...hours, dookie, and insomnia.  they've picked up where nimrod left off, pushing the punk envelope.  if it wasn't for the fact that it was green day, they would have only gotten 3.  i'm not sure if this cd will stay in my player as long as some of their other cd's have, but it's pretty good.  if you like old green day, blood, sex, and booze, is in that vein, and if you like good riddance, minority and macy's day parade fit that.  with the rest falling somewhere in the middle.  a good cd as far as i can tell so far.
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead broke on the the music scene with Creep in 1993 and progressed so much from then. Every album has something different on it. The Bends was the most very radio friendly while OK Computer was simply the best album of the last decade or more. It would be hard to come out with an album to top OK Computer and Kid A doesn't. Comparing Kid A to The Bends, also, would be like comparing chalk and cheese; they are very different. This album has to be the best album of 2000. May they release many more!
B000002UV1|5.0|BUY THIS ALBUM NOW.  Thats it.   It is awesome.  Only thing is though, Hillel Slovak was playing guitar on the Fire track, he deserves the credit for that one.  It was actually relseased on a small EP &quot;Abbey Road&quot; the famous you know what in socks thing.  But other than that, Frusciante is GOD.  So is Hillel.  Just wanted to let you know and correct the information above.
0671042858|4.0|Having been a Stephen King fan for most of my life, it is great when he can express his limitless range with books like this.  The Girl who Loved Tom Gordon was an extremely painful odyssey for a girl whom I came to love as one of my own.  My heart broke for her over and over again, yet I kept reading because I couldn't decide how it was going to end.  King really draws you in and won't let you go until the last page.  Will the girl find safety?  Or will she die in a horrific way?  Stephen King is capable of writing both kinds of endings, most of which are a mix between melancholy and not quite resolved.  I have read the book three times and will probably read it again in the future.
B00004Z511|5.0|its incredible. buy it if you have a brain. not like ok computer, but would you want it that way? its 10 times better. 10 times different. national anthem.. incredible how to dissappear: amazing
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A just confirms that Radiohead is the greatest band nowadays and is way ahead of the rest. I'm really glad that they don't copy the successful formula of Ok computer (unlike other bands, e.g. pathetic Oasis that is struggling not to die). It's obvious that this album is very difficult to assimilate on a first listen (no catchy songs, almost no guitars, blurry lyrics), but believe me it's gonna grow on you after a couple of weeks. Check out Motion Picture Soundtrack (killer lyrics and music to fly (listen to the harp and the background chorus)) and Optimistic. I found the first song (everything in its right place) pretty amusing ('yesterday i woke up sucking a lemon') and the second one 'Kid A' very scary. I think the concept of the album has to do with Thom Yorke believing that human cloning has already begun, and the first baby clone is called Kid A. I'm sure you won't agree on this but the concept of the album (not the music, hell no, Radiohead is real music) reminds me of M. Manson's 'mechanical animals' (kid A vs Omega? ). Anyway, i think im drifting. Advice: buy the album 'cos it's total artwork. FOr people that loved the Bends, well this is way different, but you can give it a shot.
