B000001IPP|5.0|Rancid is one of the finest and most respectable punk rock acts out today, so why don't they get the respect they deserve?  To many people, the word &quot;sellout&quot; becomes common when any band makes it somewhere in the  world of MTV or Top Ten records.  Although explaining how a talented group  of real punks who have actually lived the life they sing about, seen the  things they talk about, and still hold the same beliefs, wear the same  clothes, play the same music, still buy the same vinyl, and stick with the  same record company that got them where they are sellouts just for making  it on MTV seems impossible for the lil gutter punks who are so  &quot;anarchy&quot; they can't even take baths.  Face it kiddos, these guys  know punk rock. They've made it their lively hood.   ...This is real street-punk from punks who were really on the streets  and actually know about the stuff their talking about.  Most people take  what they have for granted...I know I tend to.  So when a band like this  comes along, I take notice.  These men have talent, experience, and a real  knowledge of their world, and the world around them, both in the punk  universe, and in the music business. So please, excuse them if they've had  enough of being proverty stricken and actually want to succeed and make the  money they deserve and go on MTV to sell a few more records.  Like you have  the right to judge them (most of you anyway...and you know who you are! ).   I haven't lived the life these guys have had to, and I hope I never do.  Most of you out there are the same way, but still whine about Rancid  &quot;selling out&quot; while you sit in your fathers car to go to the  local Borders or Tower Records to buy another copy of MaximumRocknRoll.  I  listen to this album and I hear real punk from real Punk Rockers, something  I tried to be but never was. I admire Rancid and their dedication to the  scene.  They're the reason I got out of punk. Not because I didn't want to  be like them, butbecause I knew I had no right to moan about how rough  things are for a kid living on the streets of Denver in the who really had  no place to go. I knew that my little &quot;Anarchy&quot; sings all over my  backpack in High School was worthless. I knew that guys like the ones in  this band have been there, and done that.  I showed my respect for Punk  Rock by become something I could be proud of, not something I could fake.  Rancid doesn't fake. And don't think that for a second if you out there had  the life these guys had and had the chance to get out of it by making money  you wouldn't, 'cause ur not fooling anyone.  This is real punk rock. This  is RANCID.
1878424319|5.0|Bravo Don Miguel Ruiz, in this simple to read book you have unveiled the secret to personal freedom.  I highly recommend this book for anyone on a spiritual path or for anyone who wants to experience heaven on earth.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I totally disagree with the idea that Britney Spears sells music purely on sex. It doesn't matter what she looks like, she won't sell albums if her  music isn't good enough. She is a talented artist and this album is a  refreshing reminder of that. There isn't a bad song on this album, and  tunes such as Lucky, Can't Make You Love Me, and Oops...I Did it Again are  really sassy pop classics. Behind the pretty face is a great voice and a  real talent.
1878424319|5.0|Bravo Don Miguel Ruiz, in this simple to read book you have unveiled the secret to personal freedom.  I highly recommend this book for anyone on a spiritual path or for anyone who wants to experience heaven on earth.
0517122707|5.0|This is one of my Top Five books of all time.  I first read this book in High School and have been giving it as gifts and harrassing people to read it ever since.  It is such a fresh story, so different from anything I've  ever read.  It is entertaining, and tells several different stories which  all tie in together at the end like some sort of miracle.  It is one of  those books that each time you read it there is something new you missed.   It is hilarious, but also sad, because the book is haunted with the memory  of John Kennedy O'Toole, who took his life while still very young.
068815333X|5.0|I've read all of this author's books and while I have a few favorites, I like them all.  My favorite was Gone Baby Gone and I'm putting this one right behind that.  I'm going to overlook some things that I think should  have been obvious, like the fact that the mail was disappearing.  I jumped  on that clue right up front.  I'm also intrigued by the fact that this crew  breaks and enters more than I eat lunch and never really gets caught and  prosecuted.  The plot moves along and I love the characters.  In this book  I was very interested to see another side of Bubba and I'm loving him and  Vanessa as an item.  Somehow, even with the differences, it works for me. I  can't wait until there's a next book and I'd recommend all of them.
0062502182|3.0|My terror, your life.  This book board me and made me cry.  Sikh pages I found the English were nice.  Like my friend's sister, this book burned down all the hot walls.  It is now stapled together, buy this version and  get my marks all over, again.  But I am not sad, I am the at the beginning  and at the end, not between or under cover.  Raise out and get it or I will  know you
0679746048|2.0|I found this book to be a very boring read.  I had watched the dramatized &quot;Girl Interrupted&quot; in the movies so I borrowed this book from the library.  Susanna tells us NOTHING in this book.
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby is as innovative as it is fantastic. The album perfectly draws the line between the old U2 of the 80's (a classic rock group, with huge political consciense and an austere but hugely powerfull arena-based  concerts), a chapter masterfully closed by the &quot;Joshua tree&quot;  album and the &quot;Rattle and hum&quot; follow up, and the U2 of the 90's  (musically more mature, succesfully experimenting new grounds, and making  the biggest and boldest tours in the industry). One can only imagine what  will they be doing this new millenium, now that the release of their new  album is very close supposedly. Achtung Baby finds U2 at it's musical peak.  Each one of these songs are truly great. The album mixes in a perfect  formula the classic emotional rock of U2 with new grounds, most notably  electronic music. Songs like &quot;Even better than the real thing&quot;,  &quot;Ultra violet&quot; and &quot;The fly&quot; are perfect examples of  the new style U2 brought with this album. However, none of these songs are  totally separated from vintage U2: you can still feel the same passion, the  same essence that makes U2 the fantastic band that they were, and still  are. This album is not a separation, it's more of an evolution. The  emotionally-charged &quot;Acrobat&quot;, the smooth &quot;Trying to throw  your arms around the world&quot;, the exhilarating &quot;Until the end of  the world&quot; and the beautyfull &quot;Mysterious ways&quot; are  highlights of the album, but the true album's masterpiece comes in the form  of the most gorgeous ballad U2 has ever made: &quot;One&quot;. Considered  by many the best song U2's ever made, the song is certainly among the  greatest singles of the nineties, and most probably in the whole century:  &quot;One&quot; is that good, and just by itself could make the album  worthy to purchase. But the album is certainly more valuable than that.  It's a great album, hugely trascendental in today's music, highly  influential and well, it's simply U2. An U2 at it's best.
B00001OH82|3.0|If Tin Machine is Bowie's attempt to get back to guitar driven rock, then this album is a success. Without Bowie's lead vocals, this could very well be a Stooges release: it includes a mix of heavy metal, grunge and a touch  of the blues.  The abrasive  intensity of `Under The God,' `Heaven's In  Here' and `I Can't Read' should persuade the most jaded rock fan that Tin  Machine is a far cry from a bunch of geriatric residents imitating \\"kids.\\"   The band ravages `Bus Stop' and `Run' with a tidal wave of screaming  electric guitars. Bowie's vocals are at their passionate peek on `Prisoner  of Love' - the choir during the chorus is gorgeous. Filled with vocal and  musical resentment, `Working Class Hero' stands well against Lennon's  original and Marianne Faithful's version.<br />Several compositions fail to  measure up against those mentioned . I don't care for the \\"speed guitar\\"  tracks (Tim Machine, Sacrifice Yourself): the band can play at 100 MPH, but  so what.  `Crack City' is a loud but sleepy ballad, and `Video Crime' is  dissonant and boring. Tin Machine may contain a few mediocre tracks, but  it's clear proof that these \\"old guys\\" haven't lost their spunk.
052594527X|4.0|Don't expect smash up action, betrayal or political intrigue.  This book is as placid as a beautiful lake on a sunny day.  It helps immensely that you have some knowledge going in about Vermeer's paintings.  Without it,  you may be going in half-blind.  Otherwise, for those of us who have always  been fans of this Dutch master, the mysterious one who has so very few  paintings to his credit, this book makes the painting come alive in a way  that makes sense.  I loved this book and recommend it highly if you're  looking for a &quot;break&quot; from the horrors of a busy work day.
0061020710|3.0|This book is not the best in the Discworld series. If his second book had kept the same quality, I don't think I would have read the remaining twenty-something books. It is inconsistent, &quot;fumbling&quot;, and I was  at times wondering if he had taken some D&amp;D game and just transcribed  action from it.<br />But there are passages where his wit shines through, and  the book is plain hilarious. He does let his imagination have totally free  reins, which is something I miss from roughly book 10 and on: The Discworld  should never have been mapped.
B00004TJTS|5.0|My dog skip is the most wonderful family movie in years.  Grab the box of  kleenex, there won't be a dry eye in the house.  Jack Russell owners  everywhere this is your movie.  A movie that shows Jack Russell owners why  they like thier dogs more than most people.  LOYALTY and UNCONDITIONAL  LOVE.
0345350499|2.0|The hours I spent trying to read this book will not be returned to me at the end of my life. Those were the thoughts that raced through my mind as I read past page 100 on the third attempt to finish this book. I am very  sympathetic to the concept of strong women and a review of the Arthur  legend in that light. Which is perhaps one of the reasons why I was so  disappointed. The women seemed feeble to me, and I could not spot any real  drive - which I really think you should be able to after 100 pages of a  book. So, with the lack of motivation inside the book, my own motivation  outside the book got lost. Life is short, and this book is long. If you are  not into feeble women's court intrigues, this book ain't for you.
0684869713|5.0|I first read this novel during my sophomore year at a top business school. The influence this work has had over my professional and personal life is truly incredible. I have since read this work at least five or six times.  Each re-read has served as a catalyst for change in my life and helped me  to succeed not only in the external view but much more internally. If you  really want to find self worth and true value, read this book and let  yourself struggle with all that you currently believe in.
B000001E7V|4.0|As one of the reviewers has put down here, this is not the best trip hop album, but a rather good one. I totally agree. It takes you many places,  especially with the hypnotizing beats and amazing vocals of  Martine.<br />Tricky's formula for making trippy music is amazing, but this  album lacks enough energy. The music seems to be all about lounging, and it  never brings us something interesting enough. So the listener might sit,  and wait for something important to happen. All s(he) will get is a couple  of good tracks with hardly any substance. <br />I really liked this album when  I first heard it, but it started to get boring as time went by. I often  found myself ignoring it for other cds. I'm sure some people can relate.  <br />While it is not his best album, it is his most acessable one. This is  the one that everyone seems to enjoy. If you want to look into Tricky,  definitely start with this one. As for me, I'll stick with PMT (Pre  Millenium Tension).
B00000J7A2|4.0|Wow, I hadn't seriously listened to The Captain in years until I bought this CD re-issue a couple of weeks back. I can't get enough of this one, and want to complete the collection. If you are a Tom Waits fan, you really  need to get into Beefheart, it's the roots man. I love the garage fuzztone  of &quot;Zig Zag Wanderer&quot;; and &quot;Electricity&quot; is insane,  mindblowing. If you like early Mothers Of Invention, you'll see an  occassional similarity musically on this record. The only other Beefheart  CD I own is Trout Mask Replica, and I like it but believe like many others  that it's overrated. Anyhow, listening to this inpires me to get the rest  of his catalog when finances permit.
B000002WPI|5.0|Popular music these days has become foul. Every thing is going downhill, with the birth of bubblegum pop. Even hip hop is at an all time low. It  began after the deaths of both the Notorious B.I.G., and Tupac Shakur, with  the un-originality of rappers like Puffy (Bad Boy), Will Smith, and the  Cash Money crew. It seems they are into hip hop for money and/or  fame.<br />The music of the Wu-Tang (back in the early to mid 90s) brought  orginality and depth to hip hop. The release of 36 chambers allowed people  to look at hip hop, not only as &quot;talking over beats&quot;, but as an  art form. <br />The production of the RZA is top-notch. He pulls in trippy  melancolic piano melodies and dope beats. He also brings in cool  backgrounds and a few rappers with &quot;killer&quot; lyrics. My point is,  &quot;give the man his credit&quot;. He is a musical genius.<br />36 chambers  intends to bore the listener with the slow and steady track &quot;Bring Da  Rukus&quot;. It then wakes you up with &quot;Shame on a Nigga&quot;. Watch  out for the brilliant performance by ODB. It then introduces you to the  clan with the third track. For the next 2-3 tracks, it puts the listener in  a relaxed soulful mode. Half way though the album, it picks up and plays  around with the listener by bringing in humor and gratifying hip hop music.  Tracks like C.R.E.A.M., Method Man, and Protect ya neck are examples. Tearz  is a hip hop ballad about bad choices in life, also a great one. The final  track is a wrap-up of all the tracks. A good idea for a conclusion.<br />If  anyone should own only one hip hop record in their life, it certainly  should be this one. This is as good as hip hop gets. I have failed to find  a hip hop record that bears comparison to this one. Till this date, it is  the highest status in the evolution of hip hop.
0446677450|2.0|I fail to understand all the praise for this book.  All of his books make just one basic point &quot;you should let your money work for you by investing wisely, don't just rely on your salary&quot;. Do you need to read  200 page books to understand this point?  There is no practical actionable  advice for the novice investor, just oft repeated principles reiterated  many times using his rich dad.<br />Another thing that is irritating is the  fact that he keeps repeating one and the same thing like going to school is  not very useful etc.<br />You wil learn a lot more about investing from other  more focused books and websites like motley fool, morning star etc. Don't  waste your money on this book.
B00000J7J4|1.0|The fact is that without Rob Thomas, this would have been another overlooked Santana album. Since Matchbox had waited so long to release another album, people were willing to buy this to get a fresh track from  Rob. &quot;Smooth&quot; gets 5-stars.  Most of the rest gets 1-star.   Average: 1-star.
0767849493|4.0|This is Kevin Smith's gleeful romp into the most controversial of all subjects: religion. He takes some nasty shots at the conventional methods  and belief structure of Catholicism in this cranked-up bit about two  renegade angels trying to get back into heaven after disobeying their  Creator and being cast down into the hell of all hells: Wisconsin. Smith  has the tendency to be preachy and overwrought in detail of his thoughts  and opinions when writing a script, and this movie allows him the perfect  opportunity to sound off from all sides through his diverse and zany cast  of characters. Everyone is their own religious theorist that has the  tiresome tendency to progress simple dialogue into long-winded sermons  stuffed chock-full of theological banter. It is easier to take this time  around since he has splashed his noncomforming and adroit sense of humor  about the place, lightening a situation when it becomes too  thought-provoking or dense for some.<br />  His amusing supposition of God is  that the Divine One is an avid skeeball player and, once in a while,  converts his Almighty aura to human flesh so he can drop in at the local  arcade to play a few rounds. But evil forces are about, and three dirty  little adolescents called the Stygian triplets beat the Almighty's frail  form to the ground with their hockey sticks of rage, capturing the deity  and holding him against his will as a threat to the stability of Heaven and  Earth collectively. Skip to an airport somewhere in hell, er, Wisconsin  where Bartleby (Affleck) and Loki (Damon), the above-mentioned renegades,  begin their plotting to get back into paradise. The process of how and why  is explained as Bartleby convinces Loki to get involved and they begin  their trek across the US to reach a small church in New Jersey, the place  where the existing backdoor lies in wait for their entry.<br />  Little do  they know, an unknowing servant of God has just been chosen to prevent  their reentry and her name is Bethany Sloane, a simple citizen of Earth who  works at, of all places, an abortion clinic. If the criticism of the  medieval and unruly ethics of Catholicism wasn't enough, Smith has the  balls to include the hostile, rampant war between pro and  anti-abortionists. She is visited in the night by the Holy host Metatron,  the substituted voice of God and messenger to her quest. This is when the  movie gets good. Smith couldn't have done it better when he cast Alan  Rickman as the sardonic seraphim. His raw delivery but gentle presence is a  pleasure above all the casting choices he has made in the past, good and  bad. He alone is worth watching the movie with his rapier wit and polished  experience.<br />  Granted, Ben and Matt are the perfect pair, seeing as how  they're childhood friends, personal acquaintances of the director and have  already shown what they're capable of in their Oscar-winning film  &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot;. The only problem I have with these two is  that when they're working together in this movie, it's like watching  &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; again, only with a livelier story line and a  deeper moral. They seem to be playing themselves more than they're playing  Bartleby and Loki. This &quot;he's my best buddy and I want to include him  in every movie I'm starring in&quot; crap is getting a little old. Do you  know how many movies they've been in together? Here, let me give you the  complete list, and I assure you, it will get longer over time: Good Will  Hunting, Dogma, Chasing Amy (Matt had a brief cameo with Brian O'Halloran),  School Ties, Glory Daze (that's right, Matt's in there but if you blink,  you'll miss him). Of course, with an Oscar sitting on their mantle, they  won't need to job-scout for one another for quite some time.<br />  Chris Rock  was a hilarious original as Rufus, the 13th apostle of God purposely  unaccounted for in the bible because of his race. He drops the usual  mottled routine he heralds on stage, substituting a subtler charm and  snappier humor. George Carlin is perfect as the sanctimonious highflyer  Cardinal Glick, a vivacious vicar who doggedly campaigns the modernized and  worship-friendly changes to Catholicism. His transition into Glick's smug  and ambitious persona is done with the greatest of ease, proving once again  that he is great behind the lens as well as in front of a live audience.  Carlin's skilled comedic prowess makes donning the priestly robes an  amusing stunt and he delivers the holy haughtiness of Glick's character  with dexterity and precision.<br />  Who I really thought was an interesting  choice on Smith's part is Linda Fiorentino as the feisty Last Scion.  Judging by her failures in movies such as the forgettable 80's flop  &quot;Gotcha!&quot; and the cheap sex thriller &quot;Jade&quot; (not to  mention acting alongside David Caruso), Linda is taking a step up from  martyrdom as Bethany, the bitter child of God who cures her lost faith by  saving the world from total damnation. There are other actresses who had  their foot in the door for this part, but Linda seems to have that special,  sexy charm that can't be compared.<br />  Smith has done well so far, picking  himself up when he's fallen down, but not without words. How can we expect  any less of a our belligerent and quarrelsome screenwriter? His mouth has  gotten him many places, and may his working mind continue to do him justice  in the formulation of his screenplays.substituting a subtler charm and  snappier humor. George Carlin is perfect as the sanctimonious highflyer  Cardinal Glick, a vivacious vicar who doggedly campaigns the modernized and  worship-friendly changes to Catholicism. His transition into Glick's smug  and ambitious persona is done with the greatest of ease, proving once again  that he is great behind the lens as well as in front of a live audience.  Carlin's skilled comedic prowess makes donning the priestly robes an  amusing stunt and he delivers the holy haughtiness of Glick's character  with dexterity and precision.<br />  Who I really thought was an interesting  choice on Smith's part is Linda Fiorentino as the feisty Last Scion.  Judging by her failures in movies such as the forgettable 80's flop  &quot;Gotcha!&quot; and the cheap sex thriller &quot;Jade&quot; (not to  mention acting alongside David Caruso), Linda is taking a step up from  martyrdom as Bethany, the bitter child of God who cures her lost faith by  saving the world from total damnation. There are other actresses who had  their foot in the door for this part, but Linda seems to have that special,  sexy charm that can't be compared.<br />  Smith has done well so far, picking  himself up when he's fallen down, but not without words. How can we expect  any less of a our belligerent and quarrelsome screenwriter? His mouth has  gotten him many places, and may his working mind continue to do him justice  in the formulation of his screenplays.
B000002VCQ|5.0|When I was growing up, I listened to Whitney Houston alot. I have two of her albums. She is my favorite singer and will always be my favorite singer. Whenever I listen to her music , it makes me happy.
B00000JZIK|5.0|I LOVED this movie!!!!  Whether you own a dozen or a thousand videos,  you'll find yourself reaching for this one again and again.  The acting is  superb.  The characters are grouped as criminals similar in their chosen  professions, but each one is diverse.  It's one of those movies you think  to yourself that you know where it's going, then you find yourself  dumbfounded.  If you're the type that foresees plots, or thinks you do,  this one will be a challenge for you.
6304083769|4.0|&quot;Ghost in the shell&quot; is one of the best movies I have seen. This  movie is really good for anime lovers. This movie is from MANGA and the  animation is excellent. It's a must see. You'll absolutely love the movie.  The movie is also good for those of you that love science-fiction.
158234082X|5.0|I'm a patron.  I enjoyed this entree into the world of food preparartion by a chef.  I couldn't put it down.  It was funny and repulsive at the same time.  I am thrilled that those of us at the moderate- to low-income levels  can have a good laugh at those patrons who think this type of service (yet  have received it without knowing) is beneath them.  <br />I can afford this  book, yet I can't afford the price of a meal by the chef.  I think the chef  is pleased that I bought his book rather than the meal!
B00000DLV1|5.0|Portishead and an orchestra? That's insanely beautiful. Classical meets modern in this CD. What I really like is that they chose my favorite songs from both Dummy and self-titled...all are xquisite and beautiful. The  reworking of Sour Times is sweet as hell, mor spaghetti western vibes in  it. The clapping in Roads (my fave Portishead song) does kinda mess it up,  but it still is cool. Glory Box is just plain incredible. Strangers is a  beautiful ending to the album. All in all, this album is incredible.
B000002I4S|5.0|Giant Steps is an important album in the earlier works of John Coltrane as a group leader.  On Giant Steps you can hear the beginnings of where John Coltrane would take his sound in the near future.  Coltrane's playing is  excellant on this date and the songs are of top quality.  On Giant Steps  Coltrane finds the times to bust some great solos that don't supercede the  entire band or become out of place within the song.  The added tracks are  about equally as good as the studio tracks, and make this album even more  work getting.  For fans of albums like Blue Train or some of the other  Coltrane works of this period, this album is a must for you.  Fans that  want to hear a great example of early Coltrane should have this album also.
0767819594|5.0|The reason I liked this movie the most was that it was so refreshing.  Although it does feature 'true love' it isn't half as mushy as some teen  videos, and Kathryn's viciousness is brilliant - at last, someone who isn't  nice!  I also really enjoyed trying to work out what was going to happen  next and I thought the dialogue was great (I don't think it sounded too  mature and, hey, I'm a teenager myself!)  I admit the ending is a bit soppy  (though not half as bad as some I've seen) but at the time I found it  really good.  I think it's a bit unfair to attack the movie because the bad  guy (or girl in this case) gets her comeuppance because if she hadn't, we'd  all have felt cheated (I was cheering at the end!)  I thought it was a  really great film, though I guess not for little kids due to rude words,  sex, etc...
0553473328|5.0|I have read all four of her books and I couldn't read fast enough to get through them all.  Breathtaking, very interesting look into the past.  My only criticism would be that I found Clare did not gripe enough about  missing modern commodities...I know I would have.  Those &quot;good old  days&quot; were sometimes not so good...no washing machines, dryers,  dishwashers, lightweight lingerie, cosmetics, antiseptics,etc.<br />QUESTION:   Where is the fifth book that was supposed to come out in Autumn 1999?  called &quot;The Fiery Cross&quot;.  Where and when can I get  it?
B000002J09|5.0|Some people might think that since Early Days:Best-of contains 5 out of 8 of the songs on this cd, it wouldn't be worth getting.  I beg to differ.  Misty Moutain has good vocals and a pretty good rythym.  I really like Four  Sticks though with it's cool guitar melody and it's neat vocals.  Going to  California is a really good bluesy song that's worth getting too.  Overall,  I would have to say that Led Zeppelin IV is a definite required for Led  Zeppelin fans no matter what other cds you may have.  For new Led Zeppelin  fans I would suggest getting this one first since it has these good songs  plus a lot of the good songs on the Early Days:Best-of cd...including, of  course, &quot;Stairway to Heaven.&quot;
0553473328|5.0|I have read all four of her books and I couldn't read fast enough to get through them all.  Breathtaking, very interesting look into the past.  My only criticism would be that I found Clare did not gripe enough about  missing modern commodities...I know I would have.  Those &quot;good old  days&quot; were sometimes not so good...no washing machines, dryers,  dishwashers, lightweight lingerie, cosmetics, antiseptics,etc.<br />QUESTION:   Where is the fifth book that was supposed to come out in Autumn 1999?  called &quot;The Fiery Cross&quot;.  Where and when can I get  it?
B0000009SI|4.0|If you like eskimos, dog doo snow cones, pancakes, leprichauns, doggy wee wee and funky clergy members then this is the albumn for you.
B000002HJD|5.0|None it seems besides a select few can claim to have&quot;known&quot; Jim Morrison the living breathing person and notjust his image and legend, and there are so many that wish they had the chance.  Because his poetry was an expression of his being, experiencing his spoken word is probably the closest way the rest of us can get to him.  It is quite a beautiful and important experience at that.  If you are interested in more information about Jim as the poet, then visit my website...  This CD is thoroughly recommended.
B00004T0UT|5.0|Even those poor souls who don't dig The King like this CD.  Elvis' version of the Hank Snow classic I'm Movin' On is worth the price of the recording alone.  The rhythme section is absolutely cooking a la Memphis style.  The  opening tract, Wearin' That Loved On Look, will have you hooked on late  60's Elvis.  Lots of hits on the CD.  Get this, now, and don't loan it to  your friends.  You'll never see again.
6304711921|5.0|The Nightmare Before Christmas is a wonderful tribute to the Arthur Rankin, Jr. and Jules Bass style of &quot;Animagic.&quot;  The denizens of Halloweentown surely attended the &quot;Mad Monster Party&quot; along with  Vincent Price.<br />This film is very artful and atmospheric.  Both  Christmastown and Halloweentown are fully realized with little surprises in  every frame.  The puppets movements are smooth and fluid, even the facial  expressions.  Story and style blend flawlessly as Jack Skellington yearns  for something that he doesn't quite understand.  Danny Elfman's score is  appropriately spooky and moves the film along.  The songs are well sung  and add to the depth of the story.  A very nice blend of childlike horror  and fantasy.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I've said it before, I'll say it again. She has no talent. However, the songs are (and I hate to admit this) pretty catchy. They're also just asking for parodies to be made :P What I don't understand is how hordes of  people can say that she has a good voice. Her voice lacks everything that a  good vocalist should have: power, range, emotion, etc.... Honestly, it's  worse than nails on chalkboard.<br />What on earth were the Rolling Stones  thinking when they allowed her to cover their song? It's a miserable cover,  one that should send rock fans all over the world into mourning. For crying  out loud, listen to &quot;Lucky&quot;. Ignore the catchy cheesily-produced  music and focus on her vocals. Can we say ... irritating? Her &quot;cry cry  cry&quot; makes me wish she would just d...<br />Britney is no match for her  other teenybopper counterparts (YES, even *cringe* Mandy Moore). She's just  fortunate to have a ... marketing and management team, who are just  there to milk the profits....  This CD is awful. Get it ONLY if you like the ear-abuse or if you're REALLY wealthy, use it as a coaster :D
6300216403|5.0|Any doubt regarding Ryan O'Neal's talent for acting may be put to rest with a critical analysis of the work that he turns in here, which is  extraordinary in all its variegated nuance. &quot;Paper Moon&quot; should  have been included on the AFI's top hundred--indeed, its non-inclusion on  the list deems this list worthless, in my opinion. Tatum O'Neal's reading  of the recently orphaned Addie is nothing short of extraordinary--complex,  and egaging, in its own right. The screenplay plays poignant homage to the  psychology of the 'abandoned' Addie, with such beauty, and accurateness,  that it almost hurts. In the hands of director Peter Bogdanovich, Alvin  Sargent's screenplay (based on the novel, &quot;Addie Pray,&quot; by Joe  David Brown) comes alive in ways that he himself perhaps never could have  imagined. I hope that others will 'adopt' this gem, a touching film that  will certainly survive the test of eternity.
6305905401|3.0|I found this movie in the tradition of Polanski's films...beautiful, lush  locations that reflect a quiet and sometimes superficial serenity; a film  score that very aptly enhances the spooky mood. As always, Johnny Depp is  well cast as the furtive, serious protagonist. Emmanuelle Saigner's eyes  are haunting, hypnotic pools... and the story is properly gripping but for  the vague ending alluded to by another reviewer. Worth watching, but be  ready for the nebulous finish.
B00001IVOR|5.0|Wu Tang Clan's first album Enter the 36 Chambers was an instant classic cuz of it's grittyness and it's realness, it was a picture of urban life that no one even dared try to make, but Wu pulled it off.  Now with their  second album, they pull it off again.  If this would have been Wu's first  CD as opposed to Enter the 36 Chambers, then this would have taken it's  place as one of the classics of all time.  What I'm trying to say is that  this is just as good as the first, but it's not talked about as much  because the sound on this CD has already been done because of their first  CD.  It's a classic and anyone who likes rap, should pick it up.  If you  like R&amp;B still cop the album, cuz it's phat and it'll introduce you to  something you neva even knew existed.    Best songs :  Reunited, A Better  Tomorrow, Triumph, It's Yourz, and M.G.M.  Almost all of the songs are  good, but these are the best
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is the best CD that I've ever heard. Every single song is so emotionally deep, yet still uplifting and beautifully written.  It's one of those CD's that you pop into your player and listen to non-stop for the  next few days.  With an perfect amount of fast and slow songs it is a fun  CD to listen to.  My favorite tracks are Affirmation and Hold Me, though  they are all great.  I suggest this CD for anyone and everyone with no  exceptions I think that all people will appreciate this work of art that  Savage Garden has created.
0671034065|4.0|If you are a Linda Howard fan, buy this book.  It's a good book, just not one of her best.
0446677450|3.0|The first 75 pages are tough to get through, but I would suggest the book for the people looking to build a base for financial sense.  Did not enjoy  the last 15 pages of Cash Flow infocommercials.  Just like anything, if you  can learn a few good ideas - its worth reading.
0553213105|5.0|A beautiful novel. You can not find better writing than in this book. The words flow together so beautifully. While the romance is barely tangiable  throughout the book, it still feels overwhelmingly strong. Proof that less  can be more. I am thoroughly impressed with Jane Austen's writing style and  only wish we would all speak in such a poetic tone.I have stated the  obvious about such a wonderful classic, but this, by far, is my favorite  novel.
B00001ZWTS|3.0|OK, being an AVID fan of the original TV series, I was skeptical at best when I first heard that Smith and Kline were cast in the main roles. I like  both these actors, yet I couldn't envision Kevin Kline pulling off Ross  Martin's character. Was I ever surprised! What I really liked about this  film was that Kline did a fabulous job of portraying the quirky genious of  Artemus Gordon. And though the writers took a different tack on Dr.  Loveless' half-stature (albeit Arliss instead of Miguelito), it was  effective. Both Kline and Branaugh's characters tapped into that sense of  inventors of the fantastic that was evident in the series. After all, the  original wasn't a far cry from &quot;Gunsmoke&quot; meets &quot;The  Twilight Zone&quot;. Even the scene where Loveless is spinning around in  his wheelchair at his New Orleans party was reminiscent of the reckless  abandon of Miguelito Loveless.<br />Still, the only thing Will Smith had in  common with Robert Conrad is that they are both hunks who look great in  Western outfitting. It's obvious that Smith is meant to draw the  contemporary audience, while in my mind, sacrificing the believability of  West by defying historical probability. Come on, that scene at the party  where he breaks down the meaning of &quot;redneck&quot; for the guests is  ridiculous. The best aspect of Will's character is his banter with  Branaugh's Loveless, again true to the original.<br />Overall, this isn't a  great movie, but it is fun. For those old enough to remember the series, I  think there are some elements that hold up. For the younger crowd, you may  well find it silly, but it's worth a look.
0671034065|5.0|I started this book and never put it down until I finished it, except when I had to dry my eyes from laughing so hard that I cried.  While I agree the  murderer was pretty easy to pick out, the best parts of the book are the  relationships between the characters, the romance AND the friendship!  I  eagerly await Linda Howard's next book.
B00003CWOL|4.0|I am an evil Mormon. (Basically I've been austrisized by my fellow mormons for actually reading the scriptures and interpeting thier obvious meanings differently than the sunday school teacher.) I just had to say that before I gave my review. Comming from a religious background I can appreciate this film for what it is. I don't think this movie was meant to be sacreligious, just thought provoking. The movie takes many comon believes and puts new spins on them in a very entertaning way. Although I do agree that the directing could have been better, I appreciate the \\"ideas\\" introduced. Especially the analogy of faith being like a glass of water. Counter arguments for some of the ideas presented in this film exist. One must remember that Christ was a Jew, and in that day marrying outside the Jewish religion was taboo. He would not have been black, or white, but Hebrew. Another counter argument is that if god was a woman wouldn't the Bible would have been written by women? It's still kind of fun to see the variety of oppinions on religion. One thing Kevin Smith could have done before shooting the movie is research, Azreal is the angel of death, not an exiled muse, and Loki was the norse god of Pranks. That aside this movie, despite it's radical views, does have a surprisingly good message about religion in our anti-religious times. Beliefs are too hard to change, but get yourself a good idea and get this DVD.
B00003OSSM|1.0|I was terribly disappointed by a movie with actors as classy as Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas. There seemed to be no acting at all in this  movie- just a constant plodding from one scene to the next. Also, the  relationship between the two leads is absolutely unbelievable so soon after  the deaths of their respective spouses who they supposedly loved. This  movie had no real plot, certainly did not live up to the description on the  movie cover, and was a real dud. The only surprise in the movie came with  the apparent ease of getting into Kristin Scott Thomas's pants. Do yourself  a favor and don't watch it.
B00003CXDV|2.0|I saw this movie in the theater and loved it, but when I rented the DVD to  show my uninterested family I found it uninteresting myself. I wonder what  happened. One time I see it, I love it, the second time I'm board and want  to go play video games. Odd, must be a one timer.
B00003CWTH|4.0|When I first saw magnolia, I would have given it 3 stars.  Like many other people I thought it was way too long and didn't deliver what it promised.   I have now seen it again and have given 4 stars.  I was mostly  wrong.<br />Seeing magnolia with wrong expectations is &quot;deathly&quot;.  Because it was directed by the same director and shared many actors, I went  expecting Boogie Nights.  Because I knew it was about interweaving  storylines, I expected Pulp Fiction or Go. I expected an &quot;event&quot;  driven movie.  I expected all of this because this is what most movies are  made of.  Magnolia is NOT most movies.<br />Magnolia is not driven by events,  but emotions. I still believe the prologue is a bit deceptive because of  this.  It leads you to believe that the characters' actions are going to  unite them, but they are actually united when acted upon.  I still love the  prologue because it is wonderfully filmed, but it truly isn't crucial to  the movie. The story is told through the feelings of the characters (a bit  like catcher in the Rye).  We see them slowly fall apart and come to terms  with life. Part of what makes magnolia difficult to deal with, is that the  pain is so real.  When Earl partridge delivers his deathbed speech I  thought I was going to scream.  It was so long and miserable.....but now I  realize that's the point.  If P.T. Anderson had made a dying man  &quot;enjoyable&quot; it would have been dishonest.  People dying of cancer  is not fun, therefore the cancer sequences are not fun.  For the most part,  this movie is about misery, so you may start feeling miserable. You begin  to feel like the characters.  You wonder how long can the pain last, and  right when you least expect it, something amazing happens and you (along  with the characters) realize that life (or at least your perspective) can  be changed in an instant.  <br />    Many call this amazing event that happens  in the movie unrealistic and absurd, but it REALLY HAPPENS...do your  research (there are several webpages discussing the topic). I initially  found waiting almost 3 hours for this event to be frustrating, but now I  realize it adds to the shock and surprize.<br />I'm sick of typing because I  realize I can't explain a movie that is all about experience.  See it for  yourself, and if you hate it, think about it, and watch it again.
0780631684|4.0|Final Destinations trump card is it plays off a devloped urban fear of accidents. Half of them frankly ludicruous they may be, but you can relate  to them having read about them in the papers which makes it hit home. There  in lies it's secret that the god aweful let down Scream 3 didn't have.  Though there is the occaissional bit of gore, Final Destination plays off  suspense more (especially during the opening which will put you off flying  for a few weeks). OK so it's not exactly primal fear and yeah i know that  films like The Omen and amityville tried a few years ago, but you can  relate to some of the deaths in this one much more.<br />This isn't the usual  rip off or 'homagised' style suspense as some like to call it either. There  is a 'shock horror !' shred of originality in Final Destinations concept  and the way it's pulled off. No stupid thumping pop soundtrack either, in  fact thank god there is not one ironic refference or pop culture related  iconography in the picture at all. Final Destination gets back to what  horror is about before it turned to audience friendly trash - scares. Not  jumps, but scares. It may not be Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Last House On The  Left or The Evil Dead btu it's certainly better than most recent offerings  and at least tries to hurt the audience rather than just make them giggle.  <br />I saw this movie at the cinema thinking 'pop cultre scream clone',  thakfully it wasn't. Sure it's not like last years brilliance - Blair  Witch, but i thank all involved in the making of this picture for trying  something vaguely original. A class act !<br />The DVD contains interesting  documentaries and and two commentary tracks. Ok so neither of them are up  the the standards of the ones present on Elite's Evil Dead DVD (all should  buy that by the way !) but they do provide a lot of insight. get it !
B00000JTB2|5.0|Long, fascinating, satisfying, thrilling, explosive Blues jams with both players &quot;in a zone&quot; artistically. I never get tired of listening  to it. It rocks. It kicks. It's full of life and energy. The backing is  tight, the recording seemingly flawless, and the feel of the whole  recording effortless, natural and unhurried, with ample time for each man  to strut his best stuff. The snippets of talk between the two men only add  authenticity to this album. It's a gem. Buy it.
6305905401|2.0|Will somebody please explain the ending of this movie to me?  Please...I was so confused after watching it.
B00004THAY|3.0|Much of this collection sounds phoned in. It's slick and perfunctory, not the gritty, impassioned stuff we want from these two masters. Beyond that,  this album bears all the annoying production hallmarks that are driving  listeners to Napster, MP3 and the like: track 1 is a throw-away designed  for radio release. I usually start this CD at track 4, skipping 2 and 3  entirely (they're boring). None of the tunes exceeds 6 minutes, and most  are faded out around the pop-format 4 minutes in length, right about the  time that B.B. or Clapton (or both) start getting into the kind of groove  you want to hear MORE of! Coming on the heels of a recently released Albert  KIng and Stevie Ray Vaughn collaboration, which had long, inspired,  wonderfully satisfying 12-minute jams, this album just teases. I skip the  last track too. It's a great classic song but an unwelcome oddity here.
6302737168|5.0|I just wished the DVD version (also region 4) would come out soon. Please hurry DVD !
B00004TH83|3.0|I saw Lara Fabian on TV and her performance of &quot;Adagio&quot; was riveting. I bought the album, and while it starts out promisingly enough  with the same song, it quickly degenerates into a lot of forgettable, sappy  stuff. After &quot;Adagio,&quot; a powerful, less-cliched-than-usual ballad  (and a showcase for her considerable vocal skill), the rest of the CD  disappoints. That said, there are 2-3 catchy songs toward the end, namely  &quot;Yeliel (My Angel)&quot; and &quot;I Will Love Again.&quot; A couple  of these are being promoted in opposing radio formats, which might lead  people to think this CD is a cohesive collection geared toward one or the  other style, which it's not. Another distraction: on some of the tracks,  her voice seems to get mixed back when she goes for some of the high notes,  thus depriving us of the visceral thrill of her delivery. Her passionate  performance on TV, which made me sit up and take notice, does not sound as  good here.
6302737168|5.0|I just wished the DVD version (also region 4) would come out soon. Please hurry DVD !
B000001Y79|4.0|The alterna craze of '96 was an era not an error.  The musical genre was full of eerie and haunting music that was moving but it didn't exactly get  you all cheery.  No Doubt was different.  Their music was not sad or  depressing at all.  Maybe the lyrics weren't the most harmonious ones in  the world, but, the music certainly was.  Catchy tunes that put you in a  good mood and make ya wanna dance are what No Doubt are all about.  The  attention-drawing lead singer Gwen Stefani has a knack for really getting  into the songs and making them emotional and believable.  She really is the  empress of ska.  From the amazing singles &quot;Just A Girl, &quot;Don't  Speak&quot;, and &quot;Spider Webs&quot; to the more underground but fun  songs like &quot;Happy Now&quot;, &quot;Sixteen&quot;, &quot;Hey You&quot;,  and &quot;Excuse Me Mr&quot;, No Doubt give you plenty to enjoy for as long  as you like.  Although there are songs on this album that are less  enchanting and not as memorable like &quot;Different People&quot; and the  title track &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;, this band is still not a jester in  their kingdom.
B000002OZY|4.0|In my opinion, Tommy suffers from two major weaknesses:<br />First, the music really does sound like show tunes. Ultimately, Townshend's stellar lyrics  redeem some of the weakness of the music, but if one doesn't take the time  to read them, he may be misled to think he's listening to the soundtrack to  &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar&quot; or &quot;Rent.&quot;<br />Second, the album  rightfully betrays a little bit of Townshend's pomposity. Some of the  songs, e.g. &quot;Sensation,&quot; are rather condescending, and Pete  coined the baleful term &quot;rock opera&quot; by allowing &quot;opera by  Pete Townshend&quot; to be placed on the record sleeve. At my public  library, the double CD is even shelved with operas by Puccini,  etc...<br />Nonetheless, this is a stellar piece of music. Even though the  most famous single &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot; makes little to no sense  within the narrative structure of the album, the whole story of a  &quot;deaf, dumb, and blind kid&quot; becoming a great pinball player and  eventually being regarded as a Messiah rivals Jethro Tull's &quot;Thick as  a Brick&quot; for the title of the most interesting concept album, and  Townshend succeeded in making the tale universalizable (much as Waters'  &quot;The Wall&quot; is ostensibly about the nervous breakdown of a lonely,  withdrawn rock star but really addresses concerns that all individuals must  face). Certain songs, such as &quot;The Acid Queen,&quot; &quot;Go to the  Mirror Boy,&quot; &quot;I'm Free,&quot; and &quot;We're Not Gonna Take  It&quot; reflect this universal nature and are probably the best on the  album. At the very least, Townshend deserves credit for introducing an  important metaphor to the musical world, namely, that of physical  separation from the world reflecting our mental separation. In that sense,  &quot;Tommy,&quot; while flawed, foreshadows later records such as  &quot;The Wall.&quot;<br />Ultimately, it's a great idea to buy this album,  but listen to &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; and &quot;The Wall&quot; after  in order to have a fuller explanation of what, if anything, Townshend was  trying to say.
0792846443|5.0|I became KATHY BATES' #1 FAN back in December of 1991 when I saw Misery for the first time on Showtime. I can just kick myself for not going to see  it on the &quot;big screen&quot;!  I was watching on Oscar night in 1991  and saw her get her award for Best Actress. I had never seen her before and  really loved her speech. So I made it a point to be sure and watch Misery  as soon as it hit cable.  During that month I watched it several times.   Kathy's performance is what I liked best about the movie. I really loved  the dark humor, the silly words Annie Wilkes said such as &quot;oogie&quot;  and &quot;cockadoodie&quot; and the mood swings from happy to mad, mad to  happy and the line &quot;Did I do good?&quot;  And telling him that she  loved him after she hobbled him with the sledgehammer.  Kathy's character  had many faces too. She looked different as the scenes changed. For  example, the difference in her look when Annie and Paul had dinner together  and then later on when it was raining and Annie was in her robe at Paul's  door. Boy, what a change!   Misery will always be my favorite Kathy  Bates' movie. Of course, with any movie she is in, the more scenes she has,  the better I like the movie. Most of the posters I have of Kathy are video  prints I took of Misery and studio shots that Castlerock gave me. My  favorite ones are the video prints of the close up of Annie holding the  sledgehammer up to her face before she does &quot;her thing&quot; (and have  also used the same picture on my holiday greeting cards that say  &quot;Peace On Earth&quot; &quot;Love, Kathy Bates' #1 Fan&quot;) and the  close up of her where she tells him, &quot;If I die, you die!&quot; and the  close up of Annie as she is showing Paul the stuff she got him to write his  new Misery book with where she says smiling &quot;Did I do good?&quot; and  the close up when Paul mentions about the paper smudging where she's not  smiling anymore.  I always laugh at that part especially when she slams the  ream of paper on his legs when she calls him &quot;Mr. Man!&quot; And as a  previous review had stated which I definitely agree with is that KATHY  BATES WAS BORN TO PLAY THE PART OF ANNIE WILKES!   A part that was well  deserving of a Golden Globe and an Oscar!   And as long as I live, I  will ALWAYS BE KATHY BATES' #1 FAN..........
B000002H6C|5.0|I gave this album 5 stars, but if I could I'd give it more starts. If you aren't a fan of Metallica you soon will be after hearing this. Pop this in  your stereo, turn it to number 4, and crank it. If you're a fan of rock go  buy &quot;Black Album&quot; (Self-Titled), &quot;Load&quot;, or  &quot;Re-load&quot;. If you're a METAL fan buy &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; or  &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;. If you are any of the above and don't like  this CD you have a problem.<br />       One song (no pun intended) showcases  all the different types of music Metallica can play. &quot;One&quot;.  Perhaps the greatest rock song of all time, maybe even the greatest song of  all time. &quot;One&quot; is absolute perfection. From the opening battle  sounds to Kirk's amazing guitar solo at exactly 5:44 this song is  undescribable. If Metallica wanted to be a soft rock band they could do it  perfectly as shown in &quot;One&quot;. If Metallica wanted to be a  classical band they could do it. But Metallica is a metal band and they do  it more than well.<br />       Every single song on here hits you hard. With  the beautiful gentle guitar intro to &quot;Blackened&quot; that shortly  turns into a trashing death song until the last song &quot;Dyers Eve&quot;  this album will grab onto you and stay there clutching HARD until the last  note.<br />       &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; is my personal favorite  Metallica CD with &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; close behind. Although many  people are starting to hate Metallica for what happened recently with  Napster, I was proud to get banned. I owned every single Metallica CD plus  some imports and singles, but I loved Metallica so much I even had all of  there CDs on my computer. Frankly, I was proud to have my name in a book  that Lars Ulrich carried into the Supreme Court. For everyone that  downloaded Metallica just to steal music from them and got banned from  Napster, this album predicted it.<br />       ...And Justice For All.
038542471X|5.0|This book is certainly consistent with Grisham's other work, only the  ending, while satisfying, was not terribly thrilling.  I kept waiting for a  twist or unexpected outcome, but didn't get it.  This does not, however,  take away from the quality of the book.  It's a page-turner cover to cover.
B00004STPT|5.0|I don't usually buy movie soundtracks, but this one is so exceptional!  After I saw the movie, I had to have the soundtrack. I listen to it almost  everyday! It is so awesome!
B00004TH6O|5.0|It's hard to believe it, but I think I actually prefer this album to any Kyuss CD, and taht's saying quite a lot, I was a big Kyuss fan as far back  as '92.  But this album is so inventive and infectious, you can't help but  love it.  It's a good sign when you put an album in and before you know it,  it's all over and you want to hear it again.<br />The production is not slick  or commercial; rather, it's subversive and provacative, much like the Goss  tricks on Kyuss records.  The attention to vocal details alone makes the  first QOTSA album sound flat and rushed.  Every song is fully realized, the  guitars are thick and meaty, the solos are exquisite, the layered vocals  are nice.  Josh Homme has come into his own as a vocalist to the point  where I no longer miss the bass-out John Kay-like attack of Kyuss' John  Garcia.<br />Oh, and &quot;Into the Fade&quot; (with vocals by Mark Lanegan)  should be all over the radio, it's the kind of timeless rock song with  heavy melodic guitar playing that has universal appeal.  It's truly  heartening to see Josh Homme stepping out of the underground and making a  grand musical statement.
B000003S0P|5.0|There is much that is excellent about this album: the soaring mellotron that introduces the final track, great singing by Wetton, one of Mel  Collins's better sax solos -- the best is on 'Lucky Seven' on Chris  Squire's 'Fish out of Water' -- and of course, Bruford's outstanding  drumming.  (If you like this, then I warmly recommend Bill's solo CDs 'One  of a Kind' and 'Feels Good to Me'.) The track which showcases David Cross's  violin is more of an acquired taste.  Elsewhere the songs are tight and  well-structured.  Fripp's guitar and mellotron, of course, set the tone for  this, which I would summarise as THE classic progressive, British heavy  rock album.
B00004TL21|5.0|Deftones third effort, WHITE PONY<br />Deftones completely throw out the ideas of their Rap-Metal predecessors.  The White Pony is not at all an  album that you place with Slipknot, Limp Bizkit, KoRn, or System of a Down.   White Pony is an album you place with a Pink Floyd album, or more closer,  Tool's nema.<br />In fact, Deftones go steps further musically.  It's much  towards Tool's musical nema, without letting the current careless metal  bands such as Limp Bizkit get in the way (that is an excellent  choice! ).<br />Here are the songs on a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being the most  excellent).<br />1.  Feiticeira - 10.  Chino sets the mood with his  purpose-psychedelic vocals.  Rather mid-tempo to fast, it definitely  rocks.<br />2.  Digital Bath - 10 x Infinity!   In my opinion, Deftones's  best song.  This is Deftones most gorgeous heavy attack ballad.  You won't  believe how beautiful the music gets here.  This is one of those songs that  you get high to, or smoke out to, or get drunk to.  You get the picture.   This is a song you put on a pedestal.  WORDS CANNOT EXPRESS IT'S  BEAUTY! <br />3.  Elite - 10.  The noisiest song on the album.  Chino yells  uncontrollably and it sounds great!   Heavy attack, hit your neighbor,  mosh, whatever.  It's all here and it's all heavy.  &quot;When you're ripe,  you'll bleed out of control!&quot;<br />4.  RX Queen - 10.  It's a great song  and basically a song from Chino to his wife.  Medium tempoish.<br />5.  Street  Carp - 10.  &quot;Here's my new address, 6-6-5, oh, I forget&quot;.   Chino's unusual lyrics are throughout this whole album by the way.  It's  great.  You can make them mean whatever you want them to mean.  Street Carp  has an excellent song structure.  Chino's vocals are again what brings it  to life.<br />6.  Teenager - 10.  Surprised.  Probably the Deftones'  &quot;softest&quot; song.  What makes this song a ten?  Frank Delgado's  additional brilliance, that's what.  Chino's beautiful vocals along with  the background psychedelic-esque textures make it very unusual, yet  breathtaking! <br />7.  Knife Prty - 10.  No, I didn't spell Prty wrong!   That's the way it is on the CD.  However, Chino's first line, &quot;My  knife it's sharp and chrome&quot;.  The way he sings &quot;CHROME&quot;  brings chills up my spine.  Damn.  Chino's vocal strength is probably the  greatest here.  &quot;Go get your knife!&quot;  The lyrics &quot;In here  were are all anemic&quot; and &quot;I can float here forever&quot; makes  this Chino's most brilliant, vocally.  And as if we didn't have enough of  great vocals, the appearance of the female screamer makes you shake with  utterly unstoppable chills.  AWESOME SONG!<br />8.  Korea - 10.  A heavier  point in the CD.  Like My Own Summer?, you'll love Korea.  Basically it's  referring to the White Pony.<br />9.  Passenger - 10.  The famous track  featuring, who'd of guessed, Tool's frontman Maynard James Keenan.  Perfect  match, both voices fit this album (like I said the album was very similar  to Tool's nema).  The chorus is very metallic and beautiful and could  probably even become a hit.  The song is basically toward the slower edge.   It rules!<br />10.  Change (in the House of Flies) - 10.  Excellent single.   Excellent track.  Deftones one of if not the best tracks.  &quot;I watched  you change into a fly&quot;, wow, Chino.  Delgado's add-in's are again  perfect.  The song structure is the most powerful.  Even though it's  medium-slow tempo, it's indeed one of the heaviest songs.  Very good.   White Pony's God.  Chino sings unbelievable! <br />11.  Pink Maggot - 10.   Intro might me a little long but it surely makes up when you hit the main  part of the song.  It starts very, very slow.  But that's great, especially  with a voice like Chino's.  The faster part of the song is PERFECT PERFECT  PERFECT.  Perfect.  The musical song form is so extraordinarily perfect and  concludes the White Pony with heartbeats and a ?.  <br />Cool,  huh?<br />Deftones' masterpiece === The White Pony.
B00004SZWD|5.0|This fantastic album appealed to so many sectors of the music business from its day of release.  It is a superb mix of catchy pop, gospel, soul  and a touch of jazz fusion.  At the time of its release, I was a grumpy  teenager, into progressive and West Coast rock, and highly resistant to  soul music.  But along came this perfect double LP -- early copies came  with a free EP containing four tracks that frankly aren't quite as great as  the rest -- and suddenly all the DJs I respected were playing it.  I  remember even the UK's John Peel dumping his normally punk-laden agenda, on  his late-night Radio 1 programme, in order to devote a couple of hours to  this gorgeous record.  I cannot highlight a single track -- all are  magnificent.  This remastering means that I've now bought two CD versions  of this album.  Should I give the earlier version to my brother?  No, I'll  keep it for the car!
B000002NIW|5.0|Deftones killed with this one!<br />Deftones improve on this album from their 1995 adrenaline release.  If you just recently started listening to the  Deftones, especially White Pony, this has some of White Pony's similarities  but basically has a much, much harder edge.  In fact, the entire CD is  pretty much edgy.  Here are my opinions on each song on a scale of 1 to  10:<br />1.  My Own Summer (Shove It) - 10.  No, this isn't basically Chino  yelling &quot;shove it&quot; just for the hell of it, the words are  artistic.  Chino does possibly his best vocally on this track.  As their  most known single, it's definitely a great mood setter for the upcoming  tracks.<br />2.  Lhabia - 10.  Wow!  I have no idea why they didn't release  this one!  (Actually they could have released the entire first 8 songs for  singles!) The verse is mumbled with Chino's rage, but the Chorus is  extremely pleasurable to the listeners ears, wow!<br />3.  Mascara - 10.   Gorgeous.  Ballad-esque.  Sultry yet edgy.  Chino sings the verses  beautifully.  But the Choruses are what stand out.  &quot;There's something  about her&quot;, OH, VERY MUSICAL!<br />4.  Around the Fur - 10.  Heavy.   TITLE TRACK ROCKS!  Chino sings and yells just great.  The riffs are catchy  (damn, they always are!).  Could've definitely become a major, major  hit.<br />5.  Rickets - 10.  Excellent.  Tool-style beats here (YES!), the  chorus is so catchy that it's most memorable of the entire CD.  Guitars are  heavy, y'all!<br />6.  Be Quiet and Drive Far Away - 10. Another Ballad-esque,  but this time with probably the best song structure.  The hookiest song on  this CD, NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.<br />7.  Lotion - 10.  Probably the heaviest.  The  chorus is again catchy!   Will these hooks ever end? LOL!<br />8.  Dai  the Flu - 7.  It's good.  Don't get me wrong.  It just drags a tiny bit and  it might sound too similar to the other songs.  The chorus is okay  also.<br />9.  Headup - 10. Another Tool-sound, but then Chino raps in  (Maynard doesn't rap).<br />10.  MX -  8.  I didn't like the cameo of the  girl, sorry.  It's annoying. Otherwise it's okay.  I love the chorus,  man!<br />The sophomore jinx isn't even considered, great job Deftones.  GET  THE ALBUM IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY.  ORDER IN THIS ORDER, AROUND THE FUR or  WHITE PONY, THEN ADRENALINE!
0688170528|5.0|Since I read so many books, I am always looking for ones that will keep my  interest. There are so many books out there that follow the same old plot.  But this book really did the job well. I was entertained and entranced til  the very end.  Excellent job, Ms. Picoult!!  Should be one of Oprah's  pick!!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is and outstanding account of cyberworld philosophy mixed with high-tech action elements. If you are a nerd, a thinker, a computer gamer  or scientist, your entertainment won't come much better than this.
6303192459|5.0|I have never bought a collector's edition of a movie before until this one.  Breakfast at Tiffany's is one of my favorite movies.  Audrey Hepburn,  with all her grace and charm, is a timeless actress that I will never grow  tired of watching. Being that many of the other reviews wil tell you about  the film and how wonderful it is, I will review this particular  edition.<br />Not only do you get a widescreen(supposedly) VHS, you will get  2) the Henry Mancini soundtrack - although void of &quot;Moon River&quot;  with lyrics (as seen on the film), 3) A copy of Ms. Hepburn's script,  autographed and with her notes, 4) 3 8x10 black and white photos (Holly at  Tiffany's, Holly before going to SingSing, and the end scene -the kiss in  the rain); and the final two are minor things - 5)  a note from Blake  Edwards and 6) a brochure entitled &quot;Holly Golightly and  the Mancini  Magic&quot;.  It was worth dishing out more money for the collector's  edition.  The Script was a delight to read, although some of her notes are  NOT completely legiable.<br />I must warn about the WIDESCREEN VHS: It isn't  much of a widescreen.  One can barely tell.  I recently saw the film on TV  in widescreen in which it was a TRUE widescreen.  This collection was  released at a time when widescreen VHS wasn't quite a big deal.  I'm sure,  as one DVD reviewer mention, the DVD is truer to color and probably a truer  widescreen version.
B00000GRL0|5.0|There is somthing about Bruce Lee that no other martial arts star has been able to live up to.  It's not just that he could beat the crap out of  Jackie Chan, Jet Li, or anyone else.  Lee posseses and ellegance and grace  that isn't found in most martial artists.  Enter the Dragon, takes Lee at  his best and puts him in a big budget film with a good cast.  No longer are  cheap production values or a lousy script draging down the action.  Even  the plot is fairly good(though kind of a rip off of Dr. No). What the  people will really see the movie for is Lee and he delivers as always.
B00004RJ71|5.0|Came across this video a few years back and was excited to see it on DVD.  A definite must buy for those that are interested in Epic's.<br />Coming in at  slightly over 3 hours, &quot;Blood In, Blood Out&quot; revolves around the  2 half brothers and their cousin in the Latino/Chicano culture of East Los  Angeles.  The time frame spans about 15 years as the boys are in their late  teens when the story begin in the early 70's and finishes in the mid  80's.<br />It is a gritty in depth look at how 3 boys from the same family  learned their street smarts and end up taking a different path based on  their decisions.  What is the core theme here is family.  Is blood thick,  or those who claim to be your brothers on the streets.  In a nutshell, one  brother, the epitome of a young gang member witnesses an event that changes  his life for the better hence he joins the military and when he get out  becomes a undercover cop back home.  The second brother, an artist on the  fast track to fame and fortune can't give up his street family lifestyle  and plunges into a world of depression and drugs after a certain event  changes his life.  Finally, Miklo, the cousin who is half-white has always  wanted to fit in, and will do anything...including kill.  When his family  rejects him on the outside, he finds a new life in San Quentin, and it is  not pretty.  The story revolves around this dynamic cast as they learn the  meaning of family crisis, revenge, and forgiveness.<br />The accuracy is dead  on.  The attention to detail of the Hispanic culture through their fashion,  their music, their outlook gives the viewer a great perspective on the  gangs of east L.A.  It is beautifully done.  However, get ready for some  violence, because there is plenty, but it is not done wrecklessly.  It  serves a purpose to move the story forward and you'll see why.<br />The cast  is impressive too.  Their are many cameo surprise appearances, and they  could not have done a better job with makeup.  You really feel for these  characters, even the bad ones because you truly begin to learn their plight  and outlooks.<br />For myself the best scenes were in prison with Miklo.  Very  powerful and very, very scary!  You learn that there are power plays in  prison and the crime doesn't stop once behind bars, as new families and  alliances are forged.  Here we see a gang war inside between the members of  the black, white and Chicano races...and it is not pretty.  There are many  plot twists within this sub-story and a suprise event that will leave your  jaw dropping.  Maybe for some, family in the joint is stronger than your  blood family on the outside.<br />The DVD itself could have been better.  There is no original trailer, or choices for captions other than English.  There is a short 10 minute documentary on the making of the film which is  interesting.  The scene selection is great, you can choose from 33 of them  all in order.  But alas, no bio's or any other extra's, but I think you'll  agree this is a great movie!ou really feel for these  characters, even the bad ones because you truly begin to learn their plight  and outlooks.<br />For myself the best scenes were in prison with Miklo.  Very  powerful and very, very scary!  You learn that there are power plays in  prison and the crime doesn't stop once behind bars, as new families and  alliances are forged.  Here we see a gang war inside between the members of  the black, white and Chicano races...and it is not pretty.  There are many  plot twists within this sub-story and a suprise event that will leave your  jaw dropping.  Maybe for some, family in the joint is stronger than your  blood family on the outside.<br />The DVD itself could have been better.   There is no original trailer, or choices for captions other than English.   There is a short 10 minute documentary on the making of the film which is  interesting.  The scene selection is great, you can choose from 33 of them  all in order.  But alas, no bio's or any other extra's, but I think you'll  agree this is a great movie!
0446677450|1.0|Poor writing with no practical advise at all.  A few common sense ideas  that you already know.  Don't waste your money, this book is a liability  not an asset!
1878424319|2.0|I purchased this book with great hope. Normally I enjoy this type of book thoroughly. However, while the Four Agreements themselves are excellent ideas, the rest of the book did not measure up. I could have done just as  well with a book that listed the Four Agreements and then gave a  one-paragraph description of what each meant. Everything else in the book  is repetitive fluff. I was greatly disappointed.
0783117388|5.0|I was reluctant to watch &quot;Sex and the City&quot;, because of the title.  I was afraid that I was in for a mild x-rated series.  I was so  wrong.  This is one of the funniest series I have ever watched, and it is  the only show on television that I make a point to watch every week.  The  show centers around four friends, who are quite reflective of real  friendships that real women have.  These characters represent any real  group of girlfriends (the conservative good-girl, the sensible lawyer, the  fiery sex-kitten, and the quirky one).  They are real women, discussing  real things.  While this is obviously not a show for younger viewers, I  highly recommend it for young adults and older.
B00004U5SC|5.0|Like the best American movies, &quot;Shane&quot; says something profound about the American experience. In this case, a masterpiece of a Western  shows a post-WWII America coming to grips with the obligations of world  leadership -- skeptics would say empire -- in the Cold War. Here is Shane,  a world-beating gunman who just wants a piece of the simple life. He hangs  up his pistols and strikes out for a quiet patch of heaven under the  Tetons. When trouble brews between the local farm families and a cattle  baron, Shane tries to stay out of the fight. He counsels caution and  moderation. Shane is tired of fighting, and he knows better than anyone  else how quickly rash words lead to bullets and he knows too much about the  grief those bullets leave behind. Shane, like the Americans who came home  from World War II, just wants to savor a little hard-earned peace.<br />But  the dispute escalates, and Shane sees that the farmers, and in particular  the brave man Shane has hired himself to, need his help to stand up to the  cattle baron's terror. Shane, of course, does the heroic thing, risking his  life and sacrificing his domestic happiness to champion the farmers' cause.  And like all the best movies, the good guys win but the ending is  heartbreaking, not happy. Shane's heroism is that of a contented democracy  willing to fight a war it didn't want just because nobody else could.  Anyone who wants to understand the mindset of America in the &quot;long  twilight struggle&quot; of the Cold War needs to watch  &quot;Shane.&quot;<br />Incidentally, Alan Ladd and Jack Palance give carreer  performances, the supporting cast is uniformly excellent; the  cinematography evokes David Lean and the script has the spare muscularity  of a Hemmingway short story but is much more humane. If you haven't seen  &quot;Shane,&quot; do so now. And if you don't own it, you should.
0767824571|3.0|Essentially a series of sketches with a medieval theme, this is less structured than 'Life of Brian', and operations on a sillier level  entirely. You've probably seen it half-a-dozen times already, and on DVD  it's just as funny as it is on VHS, but with a slightly nicer picture and a  smaller box. That's pretty much all you get, too - the wonderful Criterion  version of 'Life of Brian' is a taster of what can be done with DVD, and  the lack of extras makes this less interesting. What sets the film itself  apart from the competition (not that there is any) is the attention to  detail, the desire to create a stylish portrayal of medieval England on a  minute budget (less than a quarter of a million dollars, in fact). It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over. It's extremely funny,  but you know that already - as with all Python, you can watch it again and  again, spotting lines and performances you hadn't noticed beforehand. Given  that no special effort has been put into the presentation, and given that  'Holy Grail' is hardly THX material anyway, you'd probably be better off  with the standard VHS version. Or tape it from the telly.
B000002GJ7|5.0|EXTREME BIGGEST HIT WAS &quot;MORE THAN WORDS&quot; N IN MY OPINION IS THEIR WORST SONG EVER. FORGET ABOUT THIS OVERRATED HIT LISTEN TO THE NON  HITS. THIS ALBUM WILL BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT!  NUNO IS A GOD!  THE BEST THING  ABOUT THIS ALBUM IS THAT EVERY SONG IS DIFFERENT WHICH WAS TYPICAL OF  EXTREME (GOING FROM ONE EXTREME TO ANOTHER). ALSO GARY CHERONE(VOCALIST)  DOESN'T HOG THE STAGE, HE ALLOWED NUNO TO LET HIS FINGERS DO THE TALKIN'  SOMETHING FEW SINGERS DO COS THEY DON'T KNOW WHEN TO SHUT UP &amp; ALLOW  THE GUITARIST TO  PLAY. I HAVE YET TO HEAR A BAND OTHER THAN GUNS N ROSES  THAT HAD A GUITARIST THAT HAD THE AWESOME EXTREMEly LONG GUITAR SOLOS. IF  YOU WANT 2 HEAR A CD THAT WILL BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT THIS IS IT. N REMEMBER  PABLO &quot;HE'S NOT THE CUTE ONE.&quot;
078401213X|5.0|An astonishing film, often unfairly compared to David Lynch's 'Eraserhead' by people who have only seen stills. Uniquely, it's an intelligent taught  thriller about number theory, with a gritty visual style, accomplished with  a tiny budget and lots of dedication. The stark, black-and-white footage  and apocalyptic plot (with a nod to Arthur C. Clarke's 'The Nine Billion  Names of God') seem to set the film in a strange otherworld in which big  business and religion combine to drive a mathematician to the brink of  insanity. The acting is fine - naturalistic, with no scenery-chewing (and  any bad performances can be written off as the warped perceptions of the  lead character), and the script, whilst being very functional, nonetheless  conveys an impression of a mental world ruled by numbers. The soundtrack is  fantastic, too - lots of edgy 'braindance' from Warp-esque artists,  available on a great CD. On DVD you get two commentaries, a music video,  some trailers, some cut bits (although they are nothing special) and a  preview of the graphic novel - a 'Matrix-esque multimedia blitz. It sticks  in the mind and you won't forget it - try not to watch whilst suffering  from a toothache, either.
B000001ESP|5.0|Rush albums, starting with 1979's &quot;Permanent Waves&quot; and continuing through the 80's are farely interchangeable.  But with  &quot;Moving Pictures,&quot; the band hit an undeniable peak.  &quot;Tom  Sawyer&quot; may be the best song the band ever wrote, while  &quot;Limelight&quot; sort of sums up the band's performing philosophy.  &quot;The Camera Eye&quot; and &quot;Red Barchetta&quot; are also first  rate songs.  By this point Rush had polished their sound from hystronic  heavy metal to keyboard laden progressive rock, but in the process had  beome a highly listenable arena rock band.  This is the band at their  studio best.
1559409010|5.0|The finest Monty Python film, and one of the finest comedies ever, 'Brian' was extremely unpopular with people who had not seen it. It's not really  blasphemous, of course - although Jesus appears briefly, he is not the  target of mockery. Rather, the film satirises those who follow religion  blindly, without thinking, as well as poking fun at the attitudes of the  time. More than that, it often just a funny film. Although the Pythons, as  a team, tended to generate sprawling, episodic narratives, 'Brian' is as  tightly-plotted as the average 'Fawlty Towers' episode, with a strong  dramatic thread, and whilst almost everybody is a charicature, Brian  himself comes across as a believable, sympathetic character. As with 'Holy  Grail' a rare attention to detail, conjures a vision of the ancient Middle  East that seems as valid as any 'proper' historical blockbuster. Poor  Brian's eventual fate, abandoned by one and all to die on a cross, is as  emotional as Monty Python ever got. It hasn't dated at all.<br />The Criterion  people know how to do DVD properly (they started off with laserdiscs, in  particular their acclaimed collector's edition of 'BladeRunner'). Not only  is there amusing commentary from all the surving Pythons, there are  documentaries, trailers, and radio spots. Best of all, there are some of  the extra bits that were cut from the film for time reasons (the original  cut was two and a quarter hours long) - most notably an extended sequence  with the bizarre Jewish / Nazi 'Judean People's Crack Suicide Squad'. It's  expensive, and worth every penny.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|At the end of the decade, Rolling Stone magazine tabbed &quot;London Calling&quot; as the best rock album of the 1980s, despite the fact that it  was released in late 1979.  Nevertheless, the title is well deserved, for  this is rock and roll at its best.  The Clash still had the raw edge and  the angry politics that mark the best of punk rock, but they had also  developed a strong songwriting ability that overflows this disc with  nineteen blasts of pure pleasure.  What is surprising is how diverse the  individual songs are, with reggae and jazz influences, among others,  evident.  Despite being twenty years old, the album is not dated in the  slightest and ranks as a must own for the rock record collector.
B00004W56S|4.0|This album is at the pinacle of the Genesis family spin-offs along with Spectral Mornings (Hackett), PG3 (Gabriel) and A Curious Feeling (Banks).  If you love the haunting sound of early to mid Genesis then this album is  for you. Well worth the purchase, I'm amazed at how difficult it is to get  hold of.
B0000021RB|4.0|Long before they became an annoyingly vacuous radio ready love ballad hit  machine, Chicago was a band with plenty of ambition.  In the late 60's, the  band, which originally took its name from Chicago's mass transit system,  aspired to fuse jazz and rock together, gathering the strengths of both.  Utilizing horns and multiple singers and songwriters, &quot;Chicago Transit  Authorty&quot; is as close as they ever came to achieving their goal.  The  first half of the record, featuring gems such as &quot;Beginnings,&quot;  &quot;Does Anybody Really Know What Time it Is?&quot; and &quot;Questions  67 &amp; 68&quot; is absolutely brilliant.  Also good is the lengthy cover  of &quot;I'm a Man.&quot;  Unfortunately, the second half of the album gets  bogged down in a lot of dated hippie political jargon surrounding the 1968  Democratic political convention.  Still, there are enough classic  performances to make the album worth owning.
0694004162|5.0|We've finally grown out of this book at our house - but it took a long time.  My soon-to-be 9 year old will occasionally (in secret)read this book  now, but from age 3 to 6, it was a bed time favorite!<br />The story is funny,  as are the illustrations of the little mouse, making a mess and asking for  more things - and it all started by just giving the little fellow a  cookie.<br />The hardcover book alone is a great gift item, but it's better  yet as a mini book with the cute little stuffed mouse.  If you add a small  package of chocolate chip cookies, this would make an exceptional gift.  Or, if not cookies, a crayon set with some paper is ideal (you have to read  the story to understand why!)<br />For kids who want to read and listen, the  audio tape will be listened to again and again.  This is also one of those  books that adults enjoy reading to their children!
B000002U8U|5.0|While &quot;Night Moves&quot; might get the edge as Bob Seger's best album, &quot;Stranger in Town&quot; might actually be a more consistent  collection of songs.  From the opening classic of heartbreak in La-La land  &quot;Hollywood Nights,&quot; to the superb breakup ode that closes the  album &quot;The Famous Final Scene,&quot; there is not a bad song in the  mix.  Other classic Seger performances here include the overplayed  &quot;Old Time Rock and Roll,&quot; and the excellent ballads &quot;Still  the Same&quot; and &quot;We've Got Tonight.&quot;  Bob also rocks on  &quot;Feel Like a Number&quot; and &quot;Ain't Got No Money.&quot;  This is  an excellent album that deserves to be in any classic rock fan's  collection.
B000002UKS|5.0|this is the second great album Dave grohl has been a part of. Bleach was  okay, nevermind was his first, in utero was cobain's masterpeice, and the  f.f. s/t was okay. So this is his second. Smart guy he is too, he made just  enough buzz with s/t that he knew this album would get f.f. famous, so on  this album he gives two tributes to kurt cobain- &quot;my hero&quot; and  &quot;february stars&quot;. don't believe me? kurt cobain was born in  february. anyway, hey, johnny park is a great song, and everlong and monkey  wrench show what kind of music would be on their next album. and all the  little short classic jazzy songs are great too.
B000002U88|4.0|This was Bob Seger's 1980s &quot;comeback&quot; album (he had taken a three year hiatus).  As such, there are some classic Seger performances on  the record, including &quot;Roll Me Away,&quot; one of his best songs, the  cover tune &quot;Shame on the Moon&quot; and the rocking &quot;Making  Thunderbirds&quot; and &quot;Little Victories.&quot;  If the album has a  flaw it is that it lacks the rawness that characterized Seger's earlier  music, particularly the twin classics &quot;Night Moves&quot; and  &quot;Live Bullet.&quot;  Seger is still and first rate singer and an  excellent performer and this album has enough good songs to make it  worthwhile.
0140177396|4.0|&quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; is a great novel, written by John Steinbeck. It deals with really interesting subjects such as dreams, loneliness,  authority and violence. I believe this are the main themes the book has,  these are the things that the author wants us, the readers, to find out.  George and Lennie, the main characters, are itinerant workers, they both  share a dream. This dream is the most important thing they have, it gives  them the hope that things in a future would change, that they would have a  house &quot;An'live off the fatta the lan&quot;. This two characters are  very different, George is &quot;small and qick&quot; instead Lennie is a  huge guy, mentally retarded. Although all the differences they have,they  travel together and share lots of important things. Every character in the  novel is lonely, and I believe this is one of the thing that had more  impact on me. The fact that no character had any real friend, nor a family,  no one to talk with, no one to hear you. I think that this is why, some  parts of this novel are really sad. &quot;Guys like us, that work on  ranches, are the lonlinest guys in the world, They got no family. They   don't belong no place&quot; This is said by one of the main characters,  George. I bleieve this book, is one of the best books I have ever read,  this is because every subject involved in the novel is really interesting  and has lots to do with life nowadays.
0140186409|5.0|See how spoiled we are.  I know I heard this was one of the Great American  Novels, and never read it till now, and found it to be an enormous eye  opener to the capatilistic bureaucracy. I became a part of the journey, and  I felt the families struggle all the way to California.  I was marveled by  this book...and recommend it highly.
6300274195|5.0|Dumbo is absolutely the most watchable cartoon ever made! My six year old  watches it over and over and loves the animals, the clowns and the visuals.  The music and look of the film facinates her and captures her  attention.<br />What facinates me is how both my wife and I cannot help being  caught up in the story every time we pass by our kids watching it. We never  seem to be able to walk out of the room until the story ends again.<br />This  story is full of genuine emotion from beginning to end. The sadness of Mrs.  Jumbo as she sees other animals enjoying their new children. The joy of  Mrs. Jumbo as she finally has a child of her own. Her fierce protective  instincts kicking in as her child is jeered. The loneliness of Dumbo as his  mother is taken away. The friendship of Timothy Mouse. The crows trying to  make up for their jeering of Dumbo and the really satisfying climax. The  story is tight and every scene fits perfectly.<br />I have heard that Walt  Disney was always made fun of as a child because of his unusually protuding  ears and that he made Dumbo as a lesson for children not to make fun of  other children who don't fit in or who had what kids could translate as  defects. Whatever the truth is, one thing is clear. Dumbo is a spectacular  film with a message about considering the feelings of others. It is at the  same time a classic, funny and very emotional film with a great story that  can be watched over and over. It can be enjoyed immensely on an adult level  as well as by childen on their level. I consider it one of my top ten  favorites of all time.<br />This is a real Keeper!
6305095442|5.0|This movie is bloody, gory, and hilarious.  Those are the best words I can find to describe this excellent send-up of B horror movies.  It's amazing  what various body parts can do to people when they are released with a mind  of their own.  Most people seem to notice the scene with Ash being attacked  by his own hand, which is an incredible piece of physical comedic acting by  Bruce Campbell, but I actually laughed harder at his being attacked by the  head of his now-deceased girlfriend.  Once again Bruce Campbell's acting is  what makes this scene work.  And, of course, there's the neat little piece  of conversation consisting of one female character telling the man next to  her, &quot;You're holding my hand to tight,&quot; along with his reply:  &quot;But I'm not holding your hand.&quot;  This movie is definitely not  for the faint of heart, but if you like B horror movies and comedies, this  is one of the best.
B000002NZO|4.0|In a time where music was been pushed to it's limit comes a lost gem in the koas of acid trips. released in 1970 trepass capture my eyes with it's  cover some ablum's cover can tell the story with no music like springteen's  nebraska and genesis trepass is such a ablum. Musically what a difference  from their first pop masterpiece this is psychedelic meideval times.  Peter's voice has gain strenght and range the guitars are nothing short of  beatiful acoustic magic. My fav track vision of angels is heaven sent the  drums by mayhew are stunning only one weak monent looking for someone but  it still has it's monments the rest of the songs are perfect.I can't  believe it has not been reissue get it  at this great price .if you dig  this and others 60's  psychedelic/pop/blues/art-rock/avan-garde/jazz/krautrock music check out  The Eclectric Kool-Aid Acid Test on eyeQradio.com hosted by me Corneluis  Capote thrus 12midnight to 2am est time
0140177396|3.0|Of Mice and men  is a book that I first raed  for literature at  as an obligation, but after I've gone through the first part with a  &quot;long&quot; description of the setting, I really started to enjoy it.  When you go through the story, John Steinbeck applies his unique tecnique  to descrive the characters in a very vivid way, basing the story on a  couple of intinerant workers, one of them mentallty retarded, fact that was  going to kill him in a near future. The story touches as main themes,  reflected in mostly all characters; desolation, discrimination, dreams in  common, lonliness and violence (in various aspects). As a matter of fact,  this makes a very moving story that can be enjoy by young people such as  adults.
B000002GQK|1.0|This CD really sucked. All the songs were very draggy and seemed like they would never end. Some songs were flat out fruity. It's not a good CD at all  I'm afraid. My parents like it a lot(they're more into older rock)and I got  stuck listening to it in the car. I almost fell asleep.
B00003CX5P|4.0|I believe that most fans of movies and Star Wars forgot the most important factor to watching this movie and that is that this is the First in the episode. I walked into the theatre with that understanding and acceptance,  not looking for it to 'out do' the others.  It was not supposed to. This is  was the beginning....<br />Anyone who expected more would be disappointed ... Granted, there were some actors that I  would have changed - however, in my opinion they were very minor roles and  the rest of the movie out weighted them and that is why I gave this movie a  4.<br />So give it a try with a different perspective.
6305908648|5.0|Awesome tunes wonderfully played. Sam Brown's &quot;Wait a while&quot; was a knockout. Never thought that classic rock tunes are so versatile. Great  band, orchestra and music. (gee, mr's Lord&amp;Glover look old these days  =)
B00004STPT|5.0|If you have a wide ranging taste in classical music then you'll love this album. The whole CD is almost like a tone-poem and was not fragmentary as  you would expect from a film score. <br />The sharp percussion of Berlioz, the  lyricism of Respighi, the awe-inspiring romanticism of Bruckner and the  dark brooding passages of Holst's &quot;Planet Suite&quot; are just some of  the qualities to be found here. I suggest that you go to see the film  first. Buy this sound-track. Turn off the lights and crank up the volume  sufficient to annoy the neighbours and rattle the windows! Then simply  become absorbed in the tonal and compositional richness of it all. Adopting  this stance re-evoked all the emotions I experienced in the movie - it  should do the same for you.<br />Notable tracks are &quot;The Battle&quot;  with its thunderous base line. &quot;Barbarian Horde&quot; which is simply  majestic and the final three tracks which are truly and hauntingly  beautiful. Superb!<br />By the way I would also recommend the scores from  &quot;The Mummy,&quot; &quot;Braveheart&quot; and &quot;Titanic&quot; if  you like this one. All have similar and very moving symphonic qualities.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Intelligent? Believable? Well no, not really. Sure a giant asteroid could slam into the Earth and kill us all, but do I think it is possible that  NASA would take a group of civilians up in space land and drill into it?   Of course not. But you know what, this movie is fun. Isn't that what movies  are for? Aren't they supposed to be fun? This is a summer time popcorn  flick. You want a serious film wait for Christmas time. The cast is great.  Bruce plays Harry Stamper, the head of a drilling crew that gets sent into  space to save the word. Every performace was wonderful and of course any  movie with Steve Buscemi riding a nuclear warhead can't be all bad. Bottom  line in this movie is fun. Its a Jerry Burkheimer film so you know it is  going to be predictable, but you also know you are in for over the top  action. So grab a bag of popcorn, take off your shoes, sit back and enjoy.
B000002UKS|4.0|i was just in awe when i heard this. i really liked the way they started  out with &quot;doll&quot;. dave grohls voice is great throughout the entire  alblum. the songs are well written and the music is even better. very  distinguishing songs. i could listen to this cds for hours at a time. if  you don't have it, i think you would enjoy it!
B000002I4S|5.0|John Coltrane loves to &quot;show off&quot; on this cd, and no one can complain because he does it extremely well - almost to the point of being  unbelievable (Countdown).  His drive for perfection is extraordinary,  whether it be a simple tune like &quot;Mr. PC&quot; or the complex  structure of the title cut.  <br />This is a superb entry cd into the world of  the legendary saxophonist, and a staple in any good jazz collection.  As a  musician, Coltrane is in a league of his own.
B00000J7JO|5.0|when i first heard &quot;scar tissue&quot; i couldn't wait to hear the  entire alblum. i borrowed it from a friend and couldn't stop listening to  it! &quot;all around the world&quot; was a nice upbeat song to listen to in  the car with some friends. and i always sing along to &quot;scar  tissue&quot; and &quot;californication&quot;. theres a great mix of upbeat  songs and nicer slower songs. this is one of the chili peppers best alblums  by far. john fruisciante makes a great return, and anothony kiedis never  sounded better! if you aren't a chili peppers fan i still think you will  like this!
B000002ADT|5.0|This cd is the heart and soul of jazz, a masterpiece.  Easy listening for even an untrained ear, and flawless performances by the artists.  Miles  mastered the thinking that \\"less is more\\" and even manages to  tame \\"speedy\\" Coltrane.  (See my review of \\"Giant  Steps\\").     This cd is your merge into the world of jazz. Dim the  lights and enjoy.  You'll hear something new every time you put it on...
6300216047|4.0|Barbarella is an elegant Soft-Porn Sci-Fi Flick which consists of 4 sex scenes (dependant upon your definition of sex) interspersed with dressing,  undressing, and tearing off clothes. The alleged plot has only one True  Hero, Angel Pygar, who is otherwise a non-participant. For plot, there are  so-called heroes, apparently named after sex toys, revolting against  against a Lesbian Tyrant Queen. They mercifully perish. Pompous Vilain  Duran-Duran is so stuffy &amp; pompous as to make him harmless, even if he  were to suceed, and despite his worst intententions. Director Vadim, then  Fonda's Husband is flagrantly showing her so as to say &quot;This is What I  keep in MY BED!.<br />However, despite being a mindles Sexploitive T&amp;A  flick, This movie has REDEEMING QUALITIES if viewed on a deeper level, that  is, what Fonda &amp; Vadim say through Barbarella about the Women's  Liberation Movement throught the four episodes of sex:<br />Sex Scene #1 -  Barbarella hitches a ride to town with the local Male Baby Sitter at the  cost of a Hot Sweaty Afternoon of Passion. The Iceboat goes Round &amp;  Round to the tune of &quot;What's New Pussycat&quot;. No vows of Celebacy  are being kept here! Loverboy is unsophisticated (doesn't know what the Sex  Pill is for), crude, but charming. Mutual Sexploitation nets Barbarella new  clothes and a ride to town. Barbarella lustfully rises/sinks to the task at  hand. Some would use the nasty word &quot;Prostitution&quot; to describe  what happened. Of course, these Ladies of the night are always criticized  for betraying the NOW cause. Worse/Better is to come!<br />Sex Scene #2 -  Barbarella cheers Pygar the Angel so he can fly again. In addition to the  issues of Sex Scene #1, we find that Pygar is of a different SPECIES, the  last of his kind. Some would use the ugly word &quot;Beastiality&quot; to  describe this. I am going to be generous and treat Barbarella as Female  Sexual Predator  who uses Sexploitation to take advantage ofa man of  different RACE in a Moment of Weakness. Isn't the Women's Movement against  Sexploitation of anybody?<br />Sex Scene #3 - The Sex Pill. An attempt to be  kinky that mercifully fails. Instead, it is silly. It would be more  palatable, however, to the Women's Movement to use the Great Lesbian Tyrant  instead of that Stooge of a &quot;Good Guy&quot; Revolutionary.<br />Sex Scene  #4 - Death by Orgasm. Duran-Duran puts Barbarella into the Orgasmatron, the  Ultimate Sex Toy, to drive her beyond her tolerance level of Pleasure &amp;  Shame, and to remove her clothes. Barbarella's Pleasure Tolerance is  off-scale, and her sense of shame is non-existant. When the &quot;Killer  Orgasm&quot; occurs, the machie overheats &amp; shorts. Allegorically, does  this mean that Fonda &amp; Vadim enjoys betraying the Women's Movement so  much and with so little Shame that they WANT Women's Lib to Short-Out? What  was Vadim thinking here? Any SELF-RESPECTING LIBERATED WIFE would have  BOBBITIZED him for that!<br />The Finale, Angel Pygar rescuing TWO LOVELY  LUMPS of Femininity, flying off into the Sunset with his GIRLS (Two Girls!)  is better than what any Male Chauvinist Pig Dare Dream! OINK! OINK!<br />In  view of the Fonda track record, and after this intensive reproductive  activity of Barbarella, a Pregnancy is practically eminent. The movie ends  before this is known; however , it brings up the issue of how Barbarella  would deal with it. In light of Fonda's exercise Video, I expect a betrayal  of the Pro-Choice Movement by opting for LaMaze over Abortion.<br />Viewed on  a deeper level of the Fonda-Vadim view of Women's Lib, this Shameless T  &amp; A Flick gains stature as the Ultimate Betrayal of Women's Liberation,  raising it to the level of One of the Greatest Films of All Time!
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall is truly one of today's leading female jazz artists. Her phrasing, style and musicianship are excellent. I especially like &quot;How Deep is the Ocean&quot;, &quot;Gentle Rain&quot;, and &quot;Garden in the Rain&quot;.  <br />Additionally, the sound of the recording is one of the best I've come around in a while. <br />Diana is a welcome addition to my cd collection, and a major influence to my taste in music.
B000002U82|5.0|Since their Barrett-dominated debut, Roger Waters had grown extensivley as a songwriter, and it is shown here. He is the main writer for this album's  best songs, and his ambition only grew for Floyd's next album, &quot;The  Wall&quot;.<br />This album is magic, mysterious, faceless, psychedelic, and  the lyrics are unbelievable. Songs like &quot;Time,&quot; &quot;Money&quot;  and &quot;Brain Damage/Eclipse&quot; are rock radio staples.<br />While most  Pink Floyd fans give most of the credit to David Gilmour and say that  Waters was ruining the band, PF would not be famous today if it hadn't been  for Roger Waters' incredible songwriting. Aside from his great lyrics and  harmonies, he also is very underrated as a bass player, and in my opinion  is Pink Floyd's best musician.<br />&quot;Piper At the Gates...&quot; is the  most interesting album by Pink Floyd, really because of Syd Barrett's  mysterious psyche-pop and the story that goes with him, a genius songwriter  himself. To say this album is better than that is wrong...Syd's Pink Floyd  and Roger's Pink Floyd might as well be two different bands. Both are  equally impressive in their own ways. But DSOTM is a million times more  known than PATGOD, make of that what you will. <br />Roger Waters was able to  keep Floyd interesting after Barrett's ousting. People who say Waters was  ruining Floyd make no sense: listen to any post-Waters album and you'll  know that they lost something really good in Roger Waters. He reinvented  the band when the first leader was fired, and then when he was asked to  leave himself David Gilmour was unable to reinvent the band so therefor the  only valuable Pink Floyd albums (in my opinion) are those written by  Barrett and Waters. <br />This one stands as one of Pink Floyd's best. All of  the songs are relaxing, with nice bass lines and great guitar work by  Gilmour. An instant classic that spent over 25 years on the charts.
068818071X|5.0|This is the fourth book I have read by Marian keyes the first three being..Last chance saloon, watermelon and Lucy sullivan is getting married..This writer just keeps getting better!
B00000JCOV|4.0|...Slipknot is the best CD out there right now you can get. Soforget all the publicity [about other bands]... I admit, i hated this music at first cuz [of] donning eye-catching jumpsuits and masks to sell their albums. Not the case at all, these guys truly rock and you NEVER get bored of their songs like you do with some other bands we all know about. And once you know what they're all about, they will have already sucked you in.  This CD is killer at times, but it's not without faults. some songs just make you go like &quot;what the hell?&quot; and skip it alltogether to the tracks that keep you up all night.
0140177396|2.0|When I started reading the book at school I found it boring. I had to read it for school (if I didn't read it I would had a 1) and almost all the  class found it boring.  It's funny when Leenie (principal characters who  does stupid thing. George say's in one part to the owner of the ranch  &quot;I'm not saying he's bright, he ain't, but he's as strong as a  bull.&quot;) but the theme doesn't make it a pleasure to read. The book is  easy to understand and doesn't have difficult words. The story is about to  people, George and Leenie, who are itinerant workers who go to one place to  another to find job. They have a dream but it's very difficult for them to  make it true because of Leenies dumbness. When they're working in ranch  problems happens because of Leenie. The entire story is about that subject.  To finish my review ill tell you not to spend your time reading this book  when there are better books (unless you have to read it for school). I  could only recommended to Steinbecks fans.
B00003CWTH|5.0|This is the best movie ever made.  Unfortunately, the many characters and  quick cuts loose viewers.  Here is how to enjoy the film. <br />1 - broadly  stated, the film is about the ways people manage their pain.  Each  character chooses a remedy or balm.  typically these choices are  destructive, i.e. heavy cocaine use. 2 - while the movie cuts from one  character to the next, the scenes are grouped narratively.  the remedy  selected by the character leads to consequences.  each character manages  the consequences in the same way in the same grouping.   3 - the characters  become slaves to their dectructive remedy choice.  They are freed from the  slavery in the same way the jews were freed from slavery in the Bible.   this moment, a moment of grace, is the real message of the movie.  4 -  don't worry about the relationships of the characters (as in who works for  the company owned by another).  Rather, marvel at the shadowed parallels in  the character's lives; such as the former whiz kid and the present whiz  kid.  <br />like faulkner, the work will wash over you the first time you  experience it.  as you walk away your mind plays with the richness of the  details and the power of the craftsmanship of the director and actors.   <br />Brilliant film.  terribly underrated.  get it and enjoy.
0312117337|5.0|My first experience with tarot cards. I had always thought that they  claimed to predict the future, death, etc.  My friend read  these cards to  me, and my jaw was on the  floor with amazement.  They don't try to   predict anything or read a fortune, they just help you to use what you  already have (sometimes you didn't even know it was  there) to deal with  life in a very positive light.
0140177396|4.0|Of mice and men is a surprising book. What we mean by this is that as you go reading it, you create your own expectations, that end up having nothing to do with the book itself. The fact that one of the main characters,  Lennie, is handicapped, makes the story more real. We all know that it is  very difficult to consolidate a relationship with a mentally [disabled]  person, but the situation John Steinbeck creates and develops, presents  more problems and difficulties than you would normally find in a person  with those characteristics. This makes the book more moving and touching.  The main themes of the story are: loneliness, which all characters have in  their own way, dreams, which has a considerable importance in the story,  violence, not only phisical, but psichological too, and authority, in the  different relationships the book presents. Each of these are developed  along the book, causing an effect of reflection and pity on the reader.  In  conclusion, this is a moving, interesting, and quite shocking book, which  we recommend for anyone who loves reading really well written stories, but  can yet put up with a sad, unexpected and disappointing ending.
0375501851|1.0|My book group tackled this book after hearing rave reviews from National Public Radio talk shows. White Teeth was touted as THE best book of the summer. Most of the women in the group of 15 went out and purchased the  book in hardcover, hoping for a wonderful experience. Instead, only two  women in the group even finished the book. With the exception of one  member, all found this book's characters impossibly hard to care about. The  skilled writing style was not enough to keep us interested in continuing.  Our discussion centered around WHY critics picked this book and WHY we  didn't get it.
B000002UDB|5.0|&quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; a concept album? Well, it's become so for  me...&quot;Pepper&quot; is the one most commonly thought of as conceptual,  true, but MMT has become my personal Fab '67 disc; that is, as a great  summer driving experience. The pastoral quality of the music (and of course  the film) have always suggested a summer idyll in the leafy green English  countryside to me, and thus is ideal for drives along similar roads in W.  Washington...(MMT-influenced albums like the Moody Blues' &quot;Days of  Future Passed&quot;, XTC's &quot;Apple Venus Vol. I&quot; and Nick  Heywards' &quot;From Monday to Sunday&quot; meet this description as  well)<br />Of course, the songs themselves qualify this as an unimpeachable  5-star Beatle masterwork, containing &quot;Strawberry  Fields&quot;,&quot;Penny Lane&quot;,&quot;Fool on the  Hill&quot;,&quot;Hello Goodbye&quot;,&quot;All You Need is  Love&quot;,&quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;...Need I go on? I think not.  Arguably the last great achievement of the British Empire, this album is in  a class by itself. All hail Sir George Martin.
0375501851|2.0|My book group tackled this book after hearing rave reviews from National Public Radio talk shows.  White Teeth was touted as THE best book of the summer.  Most of the women in the group of 15 went out and purchased the  book in hardcover, hoping for a wonderful experience.<br />Instead, only two  women in the group even finished the book.  With the exception of one  member, all found this book's characters impossibly hard to care about.   The skilled writing style was not enough to keep us interested in  continuing.  Our discussion centered around WHY critics picked this book  and WHY we didn't get it.
0805211063|3.0|but somewhat disappointing for me.  I'd saved this Kafka novel for last,  having read all of his other fiction in the last couple of years.  Up to  this point, then, my favorite Kafka novel has to be The Trial, and my  favorite short fiction is &quot;The Great Wall of China,&quot; &quot;The  Burrow,&quot;  &quot;Investigations of a Dog&quot;, and &quot;In the Penal  Colony.&quot;<br />Please be aware... the reason I didn't like this novel as  much as I thought I would, could easily, for another reader, be exactly the  reason to LOVE it.  Yes, like his other works, this novel is a dark  labyrinth with no beginning and end.  All attempts at forward motion are  thwarted by forces out of the protagonist's control.  And, like his other  works, this one is also quite hilarious at points (not to the extent of  &quot;Amerika,&quot; which was a more youthful work and more of a page -  turner).  The imagery in this novel mostly focusses on huge stacks of  paper, either falling down in huge columns or being shoved under doors,  bartered for jealously, keeping the characters occupied in endless  tasks.<br />I wanted this novel to be the be-all / end-all for me, and my  three star rating may be more a reflection of my disappointment than of the  work itself.
B00004TH83|5.0|I read a review of Lara Fabian's work two weeks ago in which it was stated that she was the successor to Celine Dion during her hiaitus. Well, I got  Lara's English-language CD last week, and I must say that I am so impressed  (i.e., instant fan) that I am now trying to acquire her French and Italian  titles. She has an incredible and powerful voice, full of emotion. She is  just as talented, if not more so than Celine, and I would put her in a  class with other distinguished female vocalists such as Miriam Stockley,  Sarah Brightman, and Annie Haslam (whom by the way has done her own version  of Adagio). Lara Fabian is one of those divas whose voice is an instrument.  If you enjoy powerful, melodic, and pure vocalists, I'd strongly recommend  this CD. Enjoy!
B00003CWL6|5.0|The first time I saw this film I was left thinking, &quot;...is this what the Academy considers for a Best Picture?  It seems a bit odd for  considering a Best Picture nomination.&quot;  But then as the days went on  I couldn't get the images and music from the movie out of my head.  I must  admit, I am a Kevin Spacey fan ever since &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;  and to see my favorite actor once again I knew it had to be good.  It  wasn't until the second time I saw the movie that it hit me like a freight  train....this is my most favorite movie of all time.  Everything is  perfect.  Even the surreal rose-petal sequences are a visual treat.<br />The  cast was given a razor sharp script to follow and each actor performed  perfectly.  Thomas Newman's haunting score was very intriguing.  It think  the ultimate scene that touched me was when Ricky (Wes Bentley) showed the  simplicity of a paper bag being blown around by the wind to his girlfriend  Jane (Thora Birch).  The sheer magnitude of his finding beauty in something  like that is why I love this film so much.  The movie has a perfect blend  of superior acting and cinematography.  <br />A brilliant job to Sam Mendes,  the entire cast, and to the Academy for giving this film every Oscar that  it deserved.
B00003Q43A|3.0|I thought this DVD will have the works well apart from the fact that it has all the behind the scenes info and additional footage and stuff but the  picute quality is awful.<br />I have a flat screen tv at home and I had to go  into different modes in colour settings for about 20 minutes before I was  satisfied.It is as though they have used a direct LD transfer without  clearing anything.<br />I know this will not stop anyone from buying this  movie but I was  really annoyed about the image resolution.
B00004TL21|5.0|Album of the year. The Deftones have finally hit their target. &quot;White Pony&quot; is simply amazing from start-to-finish.
6305657939|4.0|This story looks at Thomas Crown, a wealthy CEO type, who has become bored with his life so he decides to become an art thief in order to spice it up.    Well he gets more than he bargined for when insurance investigator  Catherine Banning, played by Renee Russoe, shows up to call his bluff.  The  two are quickly drawn into a dangerous and passionate game of cat and  mouse.  <br />I love this movie for several reasons.  There is no May/December  romace.  These two gorgeus mature creatures look as if they should date. It   is also a very glamorous film with a wonderful plot line.  This is a must  see.
B000007T1M|4.0|System of a Down is definitely taking variety to another level.  You can't really compare them to Static-X or Korn, because SOAD actually has real  chords and harmony in their songs, not just Wayne Static screaming or  Feildy playing identical bass lines for every song.  System of a Down has  prved to be very energetic yet very melodical at the same time.  Good bands  make good albums.
B00000GUZP|5.0|This album is still incredible after it's initial release almost 20 years ago ! Koo Koo exemplified what a bit of rock and new-wave could produce  when artistically combined with a flavor of funk (New-Funk ?) from Chic  veterans Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards. It was also a prelude to the  sounds Rodgers and Edwards would create for Madonna, David Bowie, Duran  Duran, and many other 80's pop music icons.<br />As for Debbie Harry, she has  a voice that is truly chameleon-like. She can sing rock, new-wave, funk, r  &amp; b, a bit of jazz without sounding pretentious or untrained;The lady  carries a tune (immensely) ! Other surprises such as the middle-eastern  inflected Oasis and the sultry and semi-jazz balladry of Now I Know You  Know only goes to show that Debbie Harry does know...
B00004RF97|5.0|timely subject matter... wonderful and delightful preformances... a true  classic
B000002H2H|5.0|&quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; is a Masterpiece of music, pure and simple. One of the best Metal - forget it - Rock Albums ever recorded. Eight songs  that explode from energy and greatness, not one weak second on the whole  Album. These things Metallica could never top or even reach on any other  Album, it isn't surprising that they went downhill from there.  &quot;Master&quot;, &quot;Justice&quot;, and, yes the black Album were  great, but they haven't got a thing on Ride the Lightning. This is pure  Metallica, a higher developed &quot;Kill 'em All&quot; without being a  sellout. On the whole Album, Metallica don't compromise for one second.  Metallica should be punished for their last dropouts, and you will know why  when you hear this record.
B000002HAJ|4.0|With this album the band broke to remarkable commercial success, and &quot;Friday I'm in love&quot; was 1992's summer hit in Europe, receiving  massive radio airplay. The Cure's throng of hardcore fans didn't like this  song and even Robert himself said, &quot;people who bought this single are  not real Cure fans&quot;, but I think it's a great tune and one of the best  pop singles of the '90s. The most notable shift The Cure made was getting  rid of &quot;Disintegration&quot;'s epic keyboard arrangements in favor of  a more guitar-dominated alternative rock approach. Although  &quot;Wish&quot; contains a few happy songs in contrast to its predecessor,  &quot;Friday I'm in love&quot; is not representative of the album's  prevailing tone. &quot;Open&quot; with its nagging, feedback-powered guitar  sound is one of the most despairing songs Robert has ever written.  &quot;Apart&quot; and &quot;From the edge&quot; are also pretty bleak, so  there's really no reason to believe that Robert has lost his depression.  The happier songs, &quot;High&quot;, &quot;Wendy time&quot;, &quot;Doing  the unstuck&quot; (which says, &quot;Kick out the gloom&quot;), and  &quot;Friday..&quot; are certainly great, but in the album context these  songs seem to be a little misplaced. &quot;A letter..&quot; is a solid  ballad, and &quot;End&quot; closes things on a more aggressive note. There  are a few nods to earlier songs -- &quot;Wendy time&quot; is very similar  to &quot;Why can't I be you?&quot;, and &quot;To wish..&quot; duplicates  the opening riff of &quot;Lullaby&quot; -- and a few subtractions wouldn't  have hurt the 66-minute length any, but on the strength of the album's  singles, &quot;Wish&quot; is quite a rewarding and enjoyable affair. The  CD-single releases of &quot;High&quot;, &quot;Friday..&quot;, and &quot;A  letter..&quot; are also very worthwhile: Each disc contains two non-album  tracks and a remix of the title song.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido's voice alone would have been enough to make this album the gem that it is.  The fact that she wrote this material makes it that much more personal and special.  Check out track #6 &quot;Thank You&quot;, which Dido  herself described as &quot;simply a pure love song&quot;.<br />Simply  beautiful!
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is one of the most underrated movies of all time (and I thought &quot;Seven&quot; was one of the most overrated movies of all time, so I  was completely unprepared for how great this is).  Bravo David Fincher and  everyone involved.  Funny, intelligent, thought-provoking, incredibly  original and just plain beautifully made.  See this movie.
B000000YG5|5.0|Not too many musicians could name their album Saxophone Colossus  and get away wish it.  Rollins is able to  live up to the ambitious title and  defines himself as the pore-eminent saxophone player of the pre-Coltrane  era. The music is outstanding and is well remastered.  Rollins is in an  adventurous mood here, incorporating Caribbean rhythms into his music( most  evident on the first track St.Thomas). The other musicians on this   recording Flanagan, Watkins and Roach are also first rate -Roach produces  one of the best jazz drum solos  I have heard. The only reason for not  buying this is if you are in the fortunate position of being able to afford  the 7CD Prestige Recordings box set  which includes this album.
067101756X|3.0|UFO material is usually speculative at best and LT. Cor.Corso has eliminated this a typical UFO trap into a compelling account of the after  effects  of the Roswell crash. My opinion about the book statrted at the  end, near page 262.  He reflects on his contributions and involvement with  the military's coverup and infusion of alien technologies in fortune 500  companies of the 50's. This might be fact or fiction, but the reality is-  if this materail and what he has to write about is of such importance to  the american goverment-  one has to wonder if this guy is alive or dead?   Any beats out there? Good book, boring at times, but I bought it , read it  and would recommend it if you really are into learnign about UFO's. Thanks-  Spencer
0553378384|5.0|This book may be the only astrological book you'll need to counsel your mid-life crisis clients!  Profoundly transformative, this book offers  incredibly detailed explanations of the motivations, including past life  and karmaic influences, for each of the 12 signs the North Node can fall  in.  It also offers a North Node sign determination page, so you know by  just glancing at a table what your client's North Node sign is.  If you  only buy this book to read the 20 or more pages of information and guidance  on your own sign, it's well worth the money for the guidance!  You'd have  to find a very rare astrologer who knows this info, and pay them 2 to 5  times as much for a one time reading.  Get to know yourself: Buy this book!
B00000JTB2|5.0|I've heard a lot of Blues albums and this is probably one of the best I have ever heard. I actually bought this album originally because I really  liked Johnny Lang and someone recommended that I check out this album (By  the way if you like this CD I recommend you check out Johnny's stuff). It  is really good and brings together two greats of the Blues movement.<br />I  love the way Stevie and Albert play off each other. Neither is really  willing to just yield to the other and let them take center stage, as a  result both go after the music with a gusto and really synergize to form a  great sound. The other great thing about this CD is the little snippets of  conversation between Stevie and Albert between songs. They make you feel  like you're really a part of the whole recording experience.<br />I must admit  I haven't heard too much Stevie or Albert before but from what I have heard  this album seems a little more traditional than a lot of Stevie's stuff,  but is still quite good.<br />This album has some absolute great songs. One of  my favorites is &quot;Don't Lie To Me&quot; which is a great bluesy tune  that really shows off Vaughan's ability to jam along while Albert plays.  &quot;Pride And Joy&quot; is another great song and quite a bit of a  departure it seems for Albert but he does a great job of keeping up and the  song sounds exceptional. &quot;Call It Stormy Monday&quot; is another great  song that truly shows off the expert ability of both of these  geniuses.<br />At almost 60 minutes in length this CD is a great buy and has a  lot of great blues on it for your money. I highly recommend this CD to  anyone who likes Blues or great guitar work.
B00000JPHD|3.0|This movie now seems very dated, much more so than Frankenstein which was made in the same year. There are four reasons for this: (1) the lack of  music; (2) the fact that it was adopted from a stage play; (3) jerky  editing; and (4) that ridiculous bat! Nevertheless, this was undoubtedly a  great movie of its time.<br /><br />The vampire myth has always struck a deep chord  in the human heart. Nowadays we tend to associate it with the idea of  seduction, sexuality, and infected blood. Originally these legends can be  seen as a distortion of Christianity, but by the 1930s when this film was  made ideas of blood and vampirism had very strong political resonances. On  the right there were ideas of racial or blood purity while on the left  the vampire was a symbol of the capitalist, sucking blood from the people,  reducing them to lifeless zombies. With his tuxedo, cape, and top hat. Dracula seems to fit this role.<br /><br />The strong point of the movie is the acting with Dwight Frye convincing in the difficult role of Renfield (Alice Cooper later wrote an excellent song about this actor). But  of course the charismatic center of the film is Bela Lugosi as the charming  count, perhaps the best piece of casting in Hollywood history. He is well served by an excellent script which supplies him with juicy lines like \\"I never drink . . . wine!\\" to sink his teeth into. Indeed, so  mesmerizing is his performance that this old shaky film sometimes looks like a lost snuff movie of the 1930s.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This isn't the best album I've ever heard, but it is a lot of fun. I bought the album primarily because I liked The Offspring's previous work  and because I liked the novelty song &quot;Pretty Fly For A White Guy&quot;  That being said there are a lot of other songs on here that I think are a  lot of fun.<br />I think the thing I like the best about this album is that  every single song seems like it was recorded tongue in cheek. In some ways  it seems like a mixture of comedy and punk rock. Every song has an ironic  feel to it and though that might get old eventually right now I kind of  like it.<br />This album seems similar to Smash but has a little more  innovation in terms of its sound, for instance &quot;Feelings&quot; is  completely different from anything on Smash. I also don't think any of the  songs on Smash we're so ridiculous many of them were to be taken more  seriously.<br />There is of course the novelty song &quot;Pretty Fly For A  White Guy&quot; that received so much airplay. I find it very funny and  full of little digs. &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot; is a great take  off and very sardonic at times. Then there's the already mentioned  &quot;Feelings&quot; which is one of the most interesting versions of this  song I have ever heard. &quot;She's Got Issues&quot; is another ironic song  with little or no sentimentality. Finally &quot;Why Don't You Get A  Job&quot; is an obvious take off on &quot;Ob La Di, Ob La Da&quot; but is a  great rendition that plays off the Beatles original work in many different  ways.<br />This album is not to be listened to by those who enjoy sentimental  emotional lyrics, but if you like a good punk sound that takes no prisoners  and is extremely funny then this album is for you.
079213690X|5.0|Written by an American, starring and directed by an Australian, this is still a great Scottish movie. Why? Because it feels right. There are certain touches which are so convincing; for example, the early scene where they are discussing whether to fight the English or not: Someone says they can't win, to which Wallace's father replies, \\"We don't have to win, just fight.\\" This phrase sums up Scottish history - a country hemmed in by a neighbor over ten times its size in population, a country with no hope of ever winning, but determined never to lose. It was under these unique conditions that the hardy strain of Scottish freedom developed of which this movie is a paean.<br />Of course it is full of historical inaccuracies. There is no bridge at the Battle of Stirling Bridge and no-one would ever think of setting fire to a Scottish battlefield as Wallace does at Falkirk (even with modern napalm this wouldn't work!). Also, the whole sub-plot about the Princess of Wales owes more to Princess Di than it does to 13th century realities. But culture is the editing, rearrangement, and mutation of factual reality. Such inaccuracies are permissible if they help the movie reach a higher plane of truth. This is a test, like so many others, which Braveheart ably passes. The key points that emerge are that Wallace was a man of the people, often at odds with the nobility, a brilliant warrior and general who hated the invaders of his country, a hero who fought against enormous odds without even the thought of surrender.<br />The battle scenes are the best ever with great special effects and editing. The music score succeeds both in heightening emotions and giving the movie a jaunty Celtic rhythm that helps carry it along. Mel can't help looking like a major Hollywood star, but at times he seems possessed by a demon spirit and gives a rousing performance. As for the other actors, Patrick McGoohan is suitably arrogant, scheming, and callous as Edward Longshanks, while David O'Hara's portrayal of Stephen, the crazed Irishman, is the central support of the strain of gallows humor that runs throughout the movie and allows us to keep the right distance from the emotionally overwhelming events.<br />Some people find the ending extremely traumatic, and indeed it is, but for me this is also one of the triumphs of the film as Wallace's spirit of freedom starts to infect the English rabble who have come to see him tortured and butchered.<br />Even if you don't believe in freedom philosophically or politically, emotionally it is still the strongest idea in the Universe.ortrayal of Stephen, the crazed Irishman, is the central support of the strain of gallows humor that runs throughout the movie and allows us to keep the right distance from the emotionally overwhelming events. <br />Some people find the ending extremely traumatic, and indeed it is, but for me this is also one of the triumphs of the film as Wallace's spirit of freedom starts to infect the English rabble who have come to see him tortured and butchered. <br />Even if you don't believe in freedom philosophically or politically, emotionally it is still the strongest idea in the Universe.
B000001FXV|4.0|The Live version of Marley's music truly is supreme compared to the studio renditions. You can really feel the emotional appeal that his music has and  how it conveys through the audience. I often don't like Live renditions  after all they seem to be very similar to studio editions and I often find  the crowd noise distracting, but when it comes to Marley half of his appeal  is his ability to empower people with attitude and emotion and that just  isn't as obvious in his studio recordings.<br />My only problem with this  album is that it is not what I consider some of the best of his work.  Though the last four tracks are great songs, they are not the best versions  of these songs I have heard.<br />However, what a great way to end a CD,  &quot;Lively Up Yourself&quot; is a great song that is not that easy to  find and this is truly a great version. Then comes the great &quot;No  Woman, No Cry&quot; which is such a great song it even now brings tears to  my eyes. Then there is the often imitated but never duplicated, Marley  rendition of &quot;I Shot The Sheriff&quot; this may very well be the best  version of this song yet. And he ends with an absolutely great tune that  makes you want to jump out of your seat, &quot;Get Up, Stand  Up&quot;<br />Overall I recommend this album, but if you only want one Marley  CD I recommend you get Legend instead which has some better versions of  some of the songs and has more of Marley's greatest hits like &quot;Buffalo  Soldier&quot; However for a second Marley CD this is a perfect choice.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Oops, we all wasted our money and time, hearing this stuff.  She couldn't come up with original songs.  No originality.  Period.  She is just a  mixture of non-talented song writers who cover-up garbage with Britneys  cute little self.  Too bad for us, a cd doesn't show pictures of her during  the songs.  Since, we are reviewing contents, This cd sucks.
0802130208|4.0|This book was recommended to me by a highly intelligent person who previously had turned me on to &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot; and &quot;the  Fountainhead.&quot;  So when she told me about a novel entitled &quot;A  Confederacy of Dunces,&quot; I envisioned the story of a rugged, heroic  individualist's trek to find worthy comrades in the world.  This thought  was reinforced by the Jonathan Swift quote on the opening cover page-  &quot;When a true genius appears in the world, you may know him by this  sign- that the dunces are all in confederacy against him.&quot;  Was I ever  shocked to discover that this &quot;genius&quot; would be Ignatius J.  Reilly, scumbag-at-large- and that the whole book is merely a play on the  hero theme and a delve into the psyche of a man who believes himself to be  misunderstood, but who is in fact just a loser.<br />Ignatius Reilly is an  overeducated, underworked, completely unhygienic slob whose musings about  the world and arcane references to the Fortuna-worshipping, Roman  chronicler/philosopher Boethius underscore his superiority complex.   Graduate school has not prepared Ignatius very well for the job market, and  his main purpose in life is to earn just enough money to a) keep his mother  off his back (he gets his first job at age 30) and b) pay admission to the  movies so that he can jeer the latest Debbie Reynolds flick.  Of course,  the world of employment will also prove to be a treasure chest of material  for Ignatius's treatise on the history of the world (whose thesis is that  we were better off as medieval serfs), a work which will finally vanquish  his nemesis (or is she?), the hippie Myrna Minkoff.  The workplace  misadventures are wilder than any I've heard in life and hysterically  funny... you may never trust the new employee with your filing again.   Also, I always take a second look at the Shea Stadium hotdog vendors before  buying one these days.<br />Jones made me crack up, and Miss Trixie is  hilarious, especially in that I once worked with a woman who must be her  twin sister, separated at birth.  Say what you want about the book's  candidacy as a literary classic, but it made me laugh (out loud, and in a  public place), made me think, and drew me in deeply enough to constantly  curse at Mrs. Levy, the woman who thinks that enrolling in (and failing) a  correspondence course in psychology qualifies her as an expert on human  behavior.<br />Overall, it's a good book which I will read again.  I recommend  it to anyone with enough intelligence to realize that humor can still be  very funny without being highbrow.
6305922748|5.0|This movie is the work of sheer genius. Not only is it funny, it pokes fun at rock like never before. You'll never take any rock group seriously after  watching this hilarious spoof. The series of sketches never gets tiring as  we are being shown a documentary covering a heavy metal group's rise and  fall. The characters are hilarious and the lyrics of the songs are even  funnier. It's a tribute to their talent that alot of these songs sound  quite good! There's actually a small treat of brief appearances of famous  people in several scenes. I have never laughed so hard at a movie then sat  back and reflected on just how accurately it satired and applied to the  real world of rock 'n roll. I recently heard there may be a Spinal Tap II  being considered, to which I'll say good luck, you're going to need it  going up against the untoppable first effort.
0380789019|4.0|As many reviews have said, this is a modern day Alice in Wonderland with a darker side. Gaiman's graphic novel backround really shine in this comicbook-esq fairytale. I was captured very early into this novel but the unique, cartoonish characters and setting. This tale never lets up as it propels you down into a dream world and holds you tight until it spits you out into the unexpected ending. This is the type of book that makes remember why you loved those bedtime stories as a kid. If done respectfully, this would translate into one heck of a movie. I am very much looking forward to reading Gaiman's other novels.
6305350205|2.0|This movie is so pathetic that I've almost completely blocked it out of my mind. Kind of like when someone experiences something extremely traumatic  in their life and they can't remember anything about the event afterwards.  What, there was a Star Trek V?<br />I won't be buying this one. But, it's Star  Trek, so I can't give it only one star.
B0000024SI|5.0|About 3 years ago I heard Like A Rolling Stone on Kansas City's  oldies station. I knew that regardless of how good the rest of the stuff on the  album is, I had to have it. So the next day I bought it, and I was blown  away! <br />Every track is a masterpiece. Like A Rolling Stone is my favorite,  but all of the songs are perfect. And will be well worth any price you pay  for it. I could go on and on about how great this album is but I'll just  simplify it and say: BUY IT NOW YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
6305910103|4.0|As far as the movie goes, director Nicholas Meyer captures what Star Trek  &quot;should look and feel like&quot; in this second film. A tribute to the  fans intelligence, the film gives lots of credit to its viewers.<br />The DVD  is superb! The sound quality is wonderful - and the the visuals are sharp  and clear. There is no washed out feeling as some DVD's have with older  pictures. The restoration was well done! As always, the DVD lacks the  amount of extras that DVD's are so perfect for. The old trailer is a hoot  to watch, however, and is worth every penny of the DVD right there. <br />The  story, which has been reviewed so many times before, is solid and fun. I  love the Chekov tie in with Khan. (For those of you who do not know, Chekov  didn't join the show until the second season, but the Khan episode  &quot;Space Seed&quot; was in the first season. So when Khan says &quot;I  never forget a face&quot; - you gotta wonder...)<br />Anyway, classic trek is  captured in this movie. With a great story line, and wonderful visual and  audio quality, there is no reason not to buy this DVD!
B00003CXA6|5.0|For those of you looking for A.P. Hill in this movie, you'll have to look fast.  He's in one of the early Confederate march scenes, standing on the  side of the road talking to a mounted officer.  He's wearing his notorious  red battle shirt.  And then we never see him again.  Still a great movie.
B00000255F|5.0|I met my husband in 1980 when we were both 18. Both of us from small,  suffocating New Jersey towns. Born to Run's &quot;Baby this town rips the  bones from your back, it's a death trap, it's a suicide rap...&quot; is  especially appropriate for us. We've been together 20 years and there are  many songs we call ours. This is our album. Every song is a masterpiece of  teen angst, every note of Big Man's sax a wail of rage or sorrow. The last  solo in Jungleland(one of my favorite songs ever) always sends chills up my  spine...&quot;Whispers of soft refusal, and then surrender&quot;  It makes  us feel 18 again.
B00004STPT|5.0|Hans Zimmer today is one of the more busy composers of motion picture music, and at least a few music critics already rate him comparable to  &quot;greats&quot; like John Williams and Jerry Goldsmith. Even then,  Zimmer's music tends to be &quot;populist&quot;, with easily recognisable  styles and use of instruments, and often do not always demonstrate the  subtleties one would commonly find in Williams' compositions or Goldsmith's  music for example. <br />In my opinion, Zimmer is one of the two very current  film music composers whose style is clearly carried through from film to  film, the other being James Horner. Fans or frequent listeners of his music  will find the music something they may have heard before in films where  Zimmer had a hand in, including The Rock, Crimson Tide, Man in the Iron  Mask, and The Peacemaker- and may therefore find the music here in  Gladiator just a little too familiar. <br />Having said that, does this  detract from the listening experience? For the casual listener, Zimmer's  music is easy to like; Zimmer uses bold, sweeping and uncomplicated themes.  There is an effective use of modern electronic instruments on several  tracks, as is the use of a chorus, particularly in the scene of pomp and  pageantry when Commodus enters Rome. Having said this, the music here so  far wasn't memorable; enjoyable yes, but not catching. <br />The real  highlights of the disc, however, are the closing tracks- the last four in  fact. In the last track, Lisa Gerrard performs in a beautiful Latin song  played on modern instruments, and though there are no accompanying notes in  the compact disc itself to explain the words in the song, the end result is  nothing short of stunning. The other three tracks in the four essentially  lead up to this grand finale, and for many listeners, I suspect that these  four tracks will be the ones that they will be listening to the most. <br />So  finally, the question that needs to be answered is whether this disc isa  good buy. For listeners who've yet to be jaded by Zimmer's all too familiar  style, the music-making in here is still enjoyable- one should pick up the  disc without even the least hesitation. For listeners who did not enjoy  Zimmer's earlier works, well- it's a tough call. One has to keep in mind  that it's unlikely that Gerrard's Latin contribution will be rerecorded  anytime soon by alternative musicians, for example Erich Kunzel and his  Cincinatti Orchestra on Telarc. Hence, this original soundtrack may be the  only way to acquire this music. You just may not enjoy the first thirteen  tracks very much; but the last four alone are worth the price of the disc.
B000002JKA|5.0|If you're a Dream Theater fan, this is a must have. If you are a technical guitarist, bassist, keyboardist or drummer (regardless of your preferred  genre) - this album is a must. DT is famous for the very technical playing  by everyone in the band.<br />This particular album is the heaviest and  darkest of thier CD's. It's got a lot of very technical, perfectly played,  weird timing progressive rock songs. This is a great album to try to learn  on any instrument - it will keep you busy for months!
0887308589|5.0|This book changed my life forever (and also Scott Adams life, I supose, because it selled very well). I was a manager in LOJAS AMERICANAS, one of  the largest retail trade companies in Brazil. There was no cublicle there,  because we worked in the stores floor, but I sensed something very wrong  was going on with my life. I was 28 years-old at the time and I saw  consultants making hell of our lives, managers that didnt even know what  was &quot;Windows&quot;, directors trying to give inspiring speechs to  absurdly low-paid employees... Someday, I bought this book. UAU !  It was  everything there ! THat was the hell and ridiculous I was living,  line-by-line, word-by-word !  Im not a irresponsible man, but I was fired  a little time after reading the book, and the book gave me the conscious  that stopping working for that company could be the salvation of my life.  And it was. Now I work almost for myself, in a dignified way, with a decent  salary. Thanks, Scott.
6305718903|2.0|This trifle portends to be one of those spiritual razzle-dazzla thrillers on the order of The Exorcist, but fails to deliver the single most  important ingredient: an engaging,coherent story.  Instead, realizing the  vacuum this movie truly is, the filmmakers-turned-stylists layer gauzy  MTV-effect on top of effect. The movie exists in some kind of altered  state, and is mind-numbing after the first fifteen minutes.  Enough with  the dripping water, already, and the badly reconstructed demon-personality  moments; this movie is a crashing bore; but for the obvious artistic talent  of the set designer, who creates a mood, and the pumped-up video-style  score, this movie would get no stars from me.  Endless, uninvolving and  empty of any character development that pulls you in; there are no real  scares and the distorted plot provides you with no shocks or enjoyable  surprises.  One of the worst movies to tackle the subject of spiritual  horror/suspense -- buy The Exorcist instead.
B000000OQF|5.0|This album was like D-day.  Nothing was the same since.  And as soon as it was released bands like Poison and Bon Jovi were doomed.  They would stick  around for a while, but it was only a matter of time before they were out  the door.<br />The album is a celebration of raw energy.  While their later  Illusion albums are great as well, Gun n' Roses would never equal the  brilliance of this album.  But you know what?  No one else has since  either.  This was written by Guns when they were poor, angry, and not well  fed.  It shows.  It's gritty.<br />Welcome to the Jungle is well known and a  great intro.  Nighttrain, Paradice City, Sweet Child o' Mine...all have  great guitaring by Slash, who is a guitar god.  Out ta Get Me, It's So  Easy.  There is barely a weak song on the album.  Which is pretty  impressive in itself.  Axl does a great job.  On many tracks it was hard to  tell it was him.<br />You don't need many reasons to get this album, but I'll  sum up.  It has at least three songs you want to listen to (Welcome,  Paradice City, Sweet Child o' Mine) that you know of.  It has other jems.   If an album has at least 3 great songs, buy it.  Lastly, it is a historical  album.  It means so much to rock history.  In that regards, it is like Sgt.  Pepper's.
B000002U9Y|5.0|If poetry were to be the judge of things 'Saucerful of Secrets' is a  vastly superior work to that overrated disco-theatre called 'The Wall,' and  also 'Animals.'  This stuff was written in 1967/68 and it's at once, the  most mellow, the most intense, the most comprehensive and the most  psychedelic rock ever attempted.  Buy it or suffer a permanent lack.
B00000295A|5.0|I don't think people were really ready for this cd.  One of the reasons this is my favorite Jamiroquai cd is the social commentary (Too Young To  Die, Emergency on Planet Earth).  However, if social commentary is scary  for you the music is slammin.  This was the first time I heard the  Didjeridoo played in modern music.  These cats know music.  A touch of  Maceo Parker &amp; co., Weather Report, and their own jam all fused  together.  Check out Music Of the Mind. The energy of the band is electric.  Listening to this cd, you can't help but move your body...or at least tap  your feet. Even if you like Jamiroquai because of more recent recordings-  elevate to this recording from the past.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach was one of the best books I've ever read... Fast paced, great detail, great story, and characters who you could relate to.  It was a book you hated to end.  I was envious of the whole experience.  To live in  paradise would be awesome, yet the experiences on the island add a little  spice to the lives of it's inhabitants.  As a high school student, this  wonderfully-written piece of work should be included in the national  curriculum.  Praise to Alex Garland.  I look forward to reading many more.
B00003CWTH|5.0|This movie is amazing in a couple of respects:  First of all, the stunning performance by Tom Cruise shows us that he can do something besides have a  &quot;million dollar grin&quot; and perform in silly action flicks.  The  other thing that stands out is the intricate, intertwining plot. <br />If you  haven't seen the movie, I would offer this much:  about 2/3 of the way  through the movie, when you think you have it figured out, there's an event  that's so jarring, so bizarre, that you won't be able to avoid thinking  &quot;What the hell just happened? &quot;<br />IF you've seen the movie, there  are so many subtle clues as to what will happen, that you have to buy or  rent the movie to see them.<br />This movie works on many levels, and was one  of my favorites last year.  Worth the money...check it out
B000001FOL|5.0|I simply cannot imagine another record with a similar intense sad  atmosphere that is equally beautiful at the same time. For me this first  Nico album always works best in autumn or winter. Whenever I hear this  music, I see images of lonely foggy country landscapes, gently falling  leaves and drizzling rain. In a way it makes me incredibly happy to listen  to this music. If you like Tim Buckley, Nick Drake, Fred Neil, Sandy Denny,  then you will want to have this one. One of the ultimate melancholic  masterpieces.
B00000JXV7|4.0|Forces of Nature was a surprizingly good movie.  It is a nice love story that is full of twists and turns right until the very end of the movie.  The chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock was very good and made  this movie more believable. The story was very good and highly enjoyable!  This ia a great date movie, I highly recommend it!
B000001FI7|5.0|No matter how many times I listen to this cd I marvel at how great it is  everytime. This was my favorite cd when it first came out. Beth's vocals  are eerie, melodic and seductive all at once.  The music appeals to hip  hop, R&amp;B, acid jazz, trip hop and even jazz lovers(check out the mix of  Weather Report on Stranger).  It Could Be Sweet, Biscuit, Pedestal are  musical classics. If you don't own anything by Portishead buy this and  enjoy.  That is not to say neglect investing in their other releases. They  are all great. This is just my personal favorite.
B000002IOY|5.0|I can't say one bad thing about this CD. I have been a huge Over Kill fan for a long time, and this is by far the best album they have ever done.  Despite what you like in music, this is an opus. The ability these guys  have to put music together is unreal! Founding members, Bobby  &quot;Blitz&quot; Ellsworth and D.D. Verni, are two of the most amazing  (and under rated) people ever!
B00000JZIK|5.0|Bryan Singer's artful direction of Christopher McQuarrie's ingenius  script, as well as perfect casting, make The Usual Suspects a film  impossible to forget.  David Kujan (Chazz Palminteri) , an agent for U.S.  customs, has to find out why 27 people were massacred in Long Beach Harbor.  His only source of information, a crippled man, the only one to make it  out unscathed.  Verbal Kint (Kevin Spacey) procedes to tell his story of  five criminals who, after being somewhat wrongly accused of a crime, decide  to get back at the cops.  The success of their revenge leads to an even  bigger job, this time for the elusive and feared Keyser Soze.  A man each  character inadvertently crossed, the job is penance and appeasment to the  powerful mobster, a man no one is even sure exists.  Keaton (Gabriel Byrne)  is a cool headed professional, who insists that everything be thought out.  McManus (Stephen Baldwin) is a rash, quick to anger thug. Fenster (Benicio  Del Toro) ia a smart ass with a speech impediment.  Hockney (Kevin Pollack)  is a sarcastic, suspicious loner.  These four, plus Verbal Kint find out  that Keyser Soze is all too real, but who is he?  The last five minutes of  this movie will tell you just that as well as make you rethink the entire  film.  A must see movie, one of the best films of the 1990's.  The only  confusing part about this movie is how Kevin Spacey won a Best Supporting  Actor Oscar when he's in 90% of this movie, he should have won Best Actor!  Oh well.  &quot;And like that, he's gone.&quot;
0671688782|5.0|My sister introduced me to this book. She found it at the local library. It was an answer to our prayers! PLEASE read this book, and try it on your  children! It has made an incredible difference in my life and the lives of  my four children. This idea of &quot;Holding Time&quot; is so incredibly  much better than the other forms of discipline out there--time out,  spanking, etc. It is a great way to get &quot;angries&quot; out in a safe  way. It not only helps the child learn to communicate their feelings, it  helps moms learn patience and self discipline too. I love it and would VERY  HIGHLY recommend it to you. I plan to buy a copy for myself for future  reference, one for our church, and for several of my close friends. My  little girl (age 3) is a totally different child after starting holding.  She expresses her feelings much better (instead of screaming or throwing a  tantrum) and has fantastic eye contact. She actually ASKS for Holding Time!  My 7 year old son has also opened up verbally, and doesn't demand attention  through bad behavior (stealing, lying, etc.)&quot;Holding Time&quot; is  very much worth the $. I thank God for it, and also Martha G. Welch, M.D.!
B00003CX5A|4.0|I was a little disappointed when I rented this movie as I was expecting a full-on scary movie. Instead I got a twisted, but darkly amusing  thriller/drama. Johnny Depp &amp; Christina are great as Ichabod &amp;  Katrina, and the way the movie gained a new twist every 10 minutes was  amazing. Only someone with as much talent as the wonderful Tim Burton could  make such a strange yet cool movie.
B00000IAU3|5.0|And I ended up loving it. Here With Me is the theme song from the WB show Roswell, and when I bought the cd in Novemeber that was the only reason I  bought it, two songs from Dido have been on Roswell. And I hope that they  put some more of her stuff on in future episodes. This is one of the best  cd's in my collection. Every song on here is good. And I love that I can  just put it in my player and listen to them all. No need to skip ahead on  this one!
B000002IMG|4.0|Well I have to give it 4 stars. Would have been 5, but, side one is no where near as good as side two of this CD is. I am a huge Testament fan,  and always will be. I love the amazing voice of Chuck Billy! And I strongly  feel that this is a must have for any music fan!
B00004SU5J|5.0|Yes like everyone here,I have lost it over &quot;TOURIST&quot;.I first heard it on GILLES PETERSON's &quot;WORLDWIDE&quot; radio show,on KCRW in  LA.I am thankfully mentionning these radio programs because they are always  the first to bring out the tunes on this side of the world.Rushed to buy  it,immediatly ordered &quot;BOULEVARD&quot; which I have yet to hear... But  wait...there is more !  Two weeks ago I was turned on to &quot;FROM  DETROIT TO ST-GERMAIN&quot; by LUDOVIC NAVARRE aka ST-GERMAIN which  explores an astounding array of tracks precursive of ST-GERMAIN which you  will find on AMAZON. Given the release date of some of these tracks,it  makes the music sound way ahead of it's time and seem downright visionnary.  Hear it for yourself.
076790382X|4.0|This is unfamiliar territory for me--a collection of articles written for a British public. I was drawn into the book mainly because of Bill's  sarcastic wit, and was held there by a humorous look at life in America,  written by an ex-expatriot. <br />The book is really well done. The chapters  are short, originally written as newspaper articles. Several of his  chapters bordered on boring--taxes, how to assemble a computer, etc. Mostly  however, they were charming, well-written, and surprisingly personal.  Bryson is at his best when tackling travel, and perhaps this is no surprise  as he has written several well-received travel books. <br />Originally I  bought this book for someone else, but as I was traveling myself I began to  read it, and found I could not put it down. The format lends itself very  well to readers like me, who can often only read in short bursts. Finally,  while Bryson's readers in Great Britain may have learned something of life  in America, I also learned about life in Great Britain--what an experience  at the post office is like, what renting a flat is like, and the great  furniture debacle.<br />Honestly I very often laughed out loud, drawing  curious looks from others in airports and train stations. Highly  recommended.
B00004VWAF|5.0|A landmark recording that even several decades later is a struggle for many fans--jazz and pop--to get a grip on. Miles Davis finds a precarious  balance between the vital rhythm-oriented advances of the James  Brown-originated funk idiom and Stockhausen's manipulation-of-sound  concepts...and still manages to bring his jazz-based perspective along for  the ride.  <br />High in the top ten all-time jazz-reactionary myopic  criticisms: that ON THE CORNER is a sellout to commercialism!  If  anything--and there's much more to it than this--Davis took the then  up-and-coming, hot-selling funk idiom, stripped it of all surface  characteristics that could be easily absorbed in one sitting, then rebuilt  the style via his own post-modernist approach...and somehow the  intoxicating James Brown-via-Sly Stone THERE'S A RIOT GOIN' ON groove  survived intact.<br />The results are marked by deep polyrhythmic grooves that  are decidedly left-of-center.  Over this solid bottom a variety of  keyboards, guitars, sitars, and the like engage in basically free  associative textures, anchored by Michael Henderson's less-is-more bass  figures (who else can make a repetitive &quot;duh-dut&quot; bassline sound  as if adding even one more note would be overkill?).  <br />Holding this all  together is what many critics seem to miss, that being significant solo  passages particularly by Davis, heard on no less than three extended--and  assertive--segments, with the electrified wah-wah pedal used not as a  gimmick but for its vocal-like qualities. Also, various guitarists, reeds,  and percussion offer compelling statements that alternatively ride over and  react within the dense backdrop.  <br />As if all this weren't enough of a  challenge, the \\"tunes\\" lack identifiable melodies except for BLACK SATIN.   Then again, are the bass lines the melodies? Or the percussion patterns?   Or what?  If you like seeing a string of &quot;what is jazz&quot; paradigms  shattered with one stunning blow, ON THE CORNER is your heavyweight  champion of the world.  This album DEFINITELY has a purpose!
B000003TA4|5.0|This album broke Michael Jackson's reign in the early '90s, because it had something that was greatly lacking from the music back then....PASSION!    Nirvana, we need you back!  Look what's happened.  Britney Spears, N Sync,  need I say more?  Anyway, Nirvana's Nevermind is probably the only CD from  the early '90s I'm still listening to!  It ROCKS!   Superb lyrics, catchy  hooks and three of the best musicians I've ever had the pleasure of  listening to.  Crossing my fingers that the planned box set is coming soon.
031286504X|2.0|Although the title story of this book was good enough, it left me deeply  disappointed when I reached the end (after only 170 pages!)  On no spot,  except a small area on the back cover (which many readers avoid to prevent  spoilers) does it state that this is not a full novel, but an anthology of  short stories.  I felt especially sore after investing my twelve dollars on  this softcover collection.  I will not say that &quot;I am  Legend&quot; was not a good story in and of itself, but when a reader  anticipates another several hundred pages and turns the page and realizes  the story had already ended, there is a sense of being cheated.  Praise  for the author's &quot;short story&quot;, but shame on the publisher for  misrepresenting it's product and tricking the consumer!
6301025040|4.0|This is a great movie for both action lovers and drama loversit has tons of action. Has a good plot and it has great and smart action.
6305256209|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time when I was 13. It scared me then. I recently saw the newly released version. I am now almost 30, and it still  brought back memories of that Saturday night, at midnight, with every light  turned off in the house, watching this movie. I still felt the cold fingers  of fear sliding up and down my neck. What more can I say? This is without a  doubt, the scariest movie EVER MADE. If you are a first time viewer, watch  this movie with EVERY LIGHT ON in the house, and EVERY LIGHT ON in your  brain. And above all...ENJOY!
B000002LND|5.0|This is one of her best albums.  With songs like vogue, material girl,  express yourself, and lucky star who could go wrong?  every song rocks just  like the true queen of music herself!  Can't wait for her new album!!!!!!!!
B000002AHC|5.0|The Byrds' &quot;Notorious Byrd Brothers&quot; album, released in 1968, is usually cited by critics and Byrds fanatics as the finest recording of  their nine-year career.  It is their most creative work: clever  arrangements, stellar musicianship, strong songs, tight production and a  dazzling array of musical textures.  Songs such as the anti-amphetamine  &quot;Artificial Energy&quot;, the childhood nostalgia &quot;Old John  Robertson&quot; and &quot;Tribal Gathering&quot; mix genres as diverse as  big band swing, Asian music motifs, bluegrass, John Coltrane saxophone  quotes, and baroque string quartets,--sometimes all in the same song!  Due  to the force of McGuinn's and producer Gary Usher's unwavering musical  vision, it all succeeds.  This album actually sounds less dated and  contrived than more highly-regarded works of the time such as &quot;Sgt.  Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; (Beatles), &quot;Smiley Smile&quot;  (Beach Boys) &quot;After Bathing At Baxter's&quot; (Jefferson Airplane) or  &quot;Their Satanic Majesties Request&quot; (Rolling Stones). The  continuity of the album, regardless of mood or tempo, is seamless as the  songs segue into one another, never giving the listener time to fully  absorb.  It compels one to replay the album over and over to uncover all of  the complexities.  As most of the songs are just over two minutes duration,  one never gets tired of individual tracks.  There are no ego-tripping  guitar solos or blues jams here.  Each track is deliberately constructed  and highly arranged.  Only the interminable &quot;Space Odyssey&quot;  drags. The bonus material here is very interesting: Crosby's  &quot;Triad&quot; is almost as good as the version recorded by Jefferson  Airplane on their &quot;Crown of Creation&quot; album that same year;   &quot;Bound to Fall&quot; is an exciting backing track never completed; and  &quot;Moog Raga&quot; is an early example of what could be called  &quot;Trainspotting&quot; music. This is the last real album by the  original Byrds line-up, as David Crosby and drummer Mike Clark are both  present on many of the tracks.  Never would The Byrds be this innovative  again.  The burgeoning &quot;back-to-roots&quot; movement that was sweeping  rock music in the late 1960s would soon engulf The Byrds as well.  Their   next album, &quot;Sweetheart of the Rodeo&quot;, would cost them their  commercial audience and, from here on, The Byrds would be a hip  country-rock group.
0688171664|5.0|I read this book the year it was originally published, attracted no doubt  by the word Zen in the title.  Conversant with philosophy and especially  Taoism, I found the book's subject matter interesting and thought  provoking. I especially liked the tension Pirsig created with the  confrontation between the college professor and the protangonist, Phaedrus.   I likened it to a confrontation between an atheist and a minister who has  lost his faith yet keeps on preaching in the face of his own doubt.  I  reread the book recently and then began looking through the various reviews  logged at this site.  The greatest recommendation for this great book comes  from those who give it the lowest rating. As in so much of life, the ones  in most need of understanding are least prepared to find it.  The reasons  they list for not liking the book are the very reasons it should be read.   Does that sound zen-like?  ZAMM is one of the great books of all time.   Enjoy.
0064471837|5.0|This book is so awesome. I was bored at the library (Mum sent us there for homework) and I saw this book. I started reading it and I couldn't put it down. I love the dark evil side, most authors don't describe it so vividly.  Iff you havn't read it yet i don't know what ya been up to. READ IT!
B00003CWN2|5.0|This movie was so compelling and shocking.  To see Brandon Teena's life made me think a lot about transgender people and what they have to go through, especially in conservative areas where same-gender relationships  are condemned.  His(Her) life to not be afraid of what he himself to be  gave me a lot of courage ... Hilary  Swank$B!G(Bs performance of Brandon was more than just a performance, it  was almost as if she were him.  Chloe Sevigny was also wonderful as Lana,  Brandon$B!G(Bs girlfriend who loves him through all the way, even after  knowing the truth about him.  There were two main points which made this  movie work so well.  One, the incredible cast.  Other than the two  mentioned, the rest also gave an equally $B!H(Breal$B!I(B performance (  especially Peter Sarsgaard, I might add).  Not one of them was without a  part in this movie, they were all essential.  Two, the director, Kimberly  Peirce and how she decided to tell this story.  Without overly dramatizing  it, she tells the story straight and simple, which makes it even more  convicing that the story actually happened and leading us to think of this  very, VERY brave person, Brandon Teena.  <br />$B!H(BBoys Don$B!G(Bt  Cry$B!I(B is one of the most unique movies I$B!G(Bve ever seen.   It$B!G(Bs vivid but simple, sad but also encouraging.  As Hilary Swank  said at the receptance speech at the Oscars, I truly hope that there will  come a day when we each celebrate who we are not by appearance, but by  content of character.
B000002ACR|5.0|For rock crititcs and Byrds fanatics, &quot;Younger Than Yesterday&quot; vies with &quot;Notorious Byrd Brothers&quot; and &quot;Mr. Tambourine  Man&quot; as the best Byrds album of all time.  The reasons are obvious  upon listening.  The production is one of their finest, and one of the  first pop albums recorded in true stereo!  The drums and the exceptional  bass-playing of Chris Hillman are clearly defined and very vivid in the  mix.  Hillman's jazz-influenced basslines on &quot;Renaissance Fair&quot;  and &quot;Everybody's Been Burned&quot; are still unique in their  innovation to this day. The three-part harmonies (David Crosby never  sounded better) are seamless and the guitar arrangements are complex and  beautifully recorded.   The individual songs are amongst the most memorable  and eclectic of their career.  Each track is different from the last and  judiciously placed for maximum impact.  It only falters, really, near the  end of the original album because, Dylan's &quot;My Back Pages&quot;  excepted, the songs are less substantial and very dated. The classics, all  written by The Byrds and not missing the recently-departed Gene Clark one  bit, are McGuinn and Hillman's &quot;So You Want to Be a Rock n' Roll  Star?&quot;, Crosby's &quot;Renaissance Fair&quot; and &quot;Everybody's  Been Burned&quot;, and Hillman's &quot;Have You Seen Her Face?&quot; and  &quot;Time Between&quot;. The bonus material, the best crop in this series  of reissues by Sony, actually enhances the quality of the original album.   &quot;Lady Friend&quot; and &quot;It Happens Each Day&quot;, both by  Crosby, are essential additions to The Byrds' canon. The few dated tracks,  &quot;C.T.A.-102&quot;, &quot;Mind Gardens&quot;, &quot;Girl With No  Name&quot; and a weak remake of &quot;Why&quot; keep this, for me, from  being a full-fledged masterpiece.  As The Byrds had intended this to be  their final album, one can understand the very commercial gloss in the  bright production by GaryUsher. Thankfully, McGuinn and Hillman didn't  give up after Crosby's departure.  Although it is a commercial recording,  this is one of the group's most musically daring outings.  Roger McGuinn's  playing is superb throughout:  his jazz/raga solo on &quot;Everybody's Been  Burned&quot; is a work of great beauty and subtlety.  The use of Third  World rhythms, jazz harmonies, and bluegrass guitar (future Byrd Clarence  White guests on two cuts) are assimilated smoothly into the overall Byrds  sound.  Even the dated experimentation of &quot;C.T.A-102&quot; and  &quot;Mind Gardens&quot; is listenable in a kitschy way. This is an  essential CD purchase for all serious fans of American popular music,  particularly 1960s rock music. Do yourself a favour and buy it.  You will  continue to come back to this recording for inspiration as long as you own  it.
0780627024|5.0|This movie is filled with conflicting ideas...enough to make your head spin.  Conservatism vs. liberalism, confusion vs. wisdom, chaos vs.  order,...packed with allusions galore (like the tree that explodes into  flames after Joan Allen...you know...I took it to mean that she had crossed  a point where she couldn't go back, similar to Adam and Eve in the Garden  of Eden, how the angels stand guard in front of the entrance with flaming  swords to prevent their re-entry...)  But that's all I'm gonna say about  the  movie...you have to go find out the rest for yourself.  I hope you  enjoy it.  :)
6303686796|5.0|The most beautiful words ever said in a movie. Greatest actor in film directed by one of the greatest. de Niro manages to let us look deep into  the soul of (insomniac vietnam-veteran) Travis. It has all the good  ingredients for a really breathtaking classic. I watch it twice a year  (except for the first year of course), and never get tired of it. Truly an  extraordinary good movie.
6303471714|5.0|This video, Cindy's first, has been criticized for being unsafe, but I  found it to be the best exercise video I have ever tried. After this  workout I feel like I have worked very hard, but I am not exhausted.  I  actually look forward to my workouts now.  I have lost 18 lbs. so far and I  have muscle definition I have never had before.  Also, my abs have  strenghtened so much that, for the first time in my life, I can do full  sit-ups.
0385484518|2.0|I enjoyed the book and Morrie was a great man, but get a grip people!  This tiny book says &quot;I tell you Mitch, you've got to stop and smell  the roses&quot; in several ways, over and over again. Americans have really  got to stop raving over this book and read something a little more  challenging. It may give you a headache at first, but you'll get used to  it.
6300183971|1.0|Dune, the critical and finacial flop that it was, should never have been made. Well, not in anything less than eight hours. I can't believe this  never occured to David Lynch who gave a Readers Digest synopsis of Frank  Herbert's book, the greatest sci-fi story ever written. The attempt to  condense this MASSIVE story into one movie is beyond understanding - But  that's Hollywood. And even Lynch's trademark eccentric touch is annoying -  Think Eraserhead meets Star Wars. <br />The sets are actually impressive (to a  degree), but the visuals are some of the worst I've ever seen for a big  budget sci-fi. They look like something out of some kind of cheezy Roger  Corman flick from the 60's. <br />You might find this movie somewhat  understandable if you're a hardcore (and I do mean HARDCORE) lover of the  tale. But if you haven't read the book, this movie is simply unintelligible  crap.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is the music I usually listen, because it is played following a romantic style, and having a great orchestra. Unfortunatelly, here in  Panama our society seems not to like this kind of music.  This singer has  had a great performarce as a solist.  As far as I now, she has decided to  spend some time with her husband and make the family bigger. The beautiful  theme of The Titanic and many other songs are right now on my mind. <br />My  dear teacher:  This not what you may have requested.   Thanks for your  call, and I will see you on Saturday.  Take care<br />Meche
B000000OQF|4.0|Yeah, I suppose this album is pretty good not that I'm much of a GNR fan anyway. Even though I didn't take the lyrics or music very seriously, but  this record has  succeeded in rocking me down to the ground. Don't get me  wrong, Guns 'n' roses are not musically the most talented band ever lived,  but their image, egos, lifestyles and explicit lyrics has brought the  Californian rollers to the forefront.Axl Roses' voice has distinguished the   band also. They can write very catchy songs.The most brilliant song album  is a three way toss up between 'sweet child', 'Nightrain' and 'Paradise  City' It's songs like those that built the band up to be a great live  act.You could only imagine those songs to be played to 100 000 people. When  the fans stopped coming to their shows it would always have been enevitable  that the band itself would stop too.
0446677450|5.0|Wow!  What a real eye-opener!  This book has really helped me change (for  the positive) the way I viewed my finances.<br />I have read both &quot;Rich  Dad, Poor Dad&quot; and &quot;Cashflow Quadrant&quot; as well as listened  to some of Robert Kiyosaki's audio tapes.  What really impresses me about  this book (as well as his other works) is that Mr. Kiyosaki has actually  used the principles he writes about to become financially independent  himself...as have many of the people he associates with.  These are not  just theories from some &quot;brilliant&quot; (and probably broke)  economics professor or accountant, but tried-and-true methods for creating  true wealth from someone who has done it! Personally, I'd rather follow the  teachings of someone who has already accomplished what I want to achieve.  (Honestly, why waste your time &quot;learning&quot; about finances from  anyone who is not already  wealthy?)<br />Mr. Kiyosaki recommends a number of  other books to read at the end of this book.  I have also started reading  them, and am impressed so far by his recommendations.  (I recommend these  also!)<br />If you are looking for a &quot;get rich quick&quot; scheme, you  will be disappointed by this book.  True wealth does not come overnight, as  any wealthy person with tell you.  It takes effort, time, and  commitment.<br />I have the utmost respect for the author and highly recommend  this book to anyone serious about achieving true wealth and financial  freedom.  I also look forward to reading one of Mr. Kiyosaki's other books  very soon: &quot;Rich Dad's Guide to Investing&quot;.<br />Enjoy - you owe it  to yourself!
0790749998|1.0|In this martial arts version of the Romeo &amp; Juliet tale, Hong Kong star Jet Li plays a former cop who is wrongly sent to prison only to 'break  out' when he learns of the gang related death of his brother. He then makes  his way to Oakland, California where a 'gang war' is waging between a Black  family and a Chinese family over waterfront property that is wanted for a  proposed football stadium. Of course the Black mob daddy is really a good  man at heart and the Chinese mob boss is so greedy and ruthless he will  even sacrifice his own children. And where are the ebonics? Since when do  Black Oakland mobsters sound so White-wash?<br />Anyway, Li meets up with the  Black mob daddy's daughter played by Hip Hop singer Aaliyah in a less than  great preformance. There really is no romance here as Li and Aaliyah mostly  exchange words, but that isn't surprising as this film is really meant to  showcase Li's Wu-Shu skills. Which, believe it or not, are a big let down.  Why? Simple, Li's moves are so unreal, so impossible you have to ask -  What's the point? It simply can't be done! In fact, with all the computer  FX and wires used for the fighting, *I* could be the next martial arts  star.<br />The film is also submerged in an obnoxious Hip Hop/Rap soundtrack  so damn intrusive, the &quot;lyrics&quot; almost replace the  &quot;dialogue&quot;.<br />It's obvious who the target audience is. Do  yourself a favor, skip this worthless film and check out 'Fist Of Legend'.
B00003Q43A|2.0|Ready for a no-brainer? This is the movie for you! <br />Put it in, crank up the speakers, and try to suppress your gag reflex. <br />Effects? Yup...real  good.<br />Casting? Poor. You will lose your respect for most if not all of  this cast after seeing this. What a waste (and miscast) of Jeff Goldblum. I  can't watch Bill Pullman anymore because of this movie. And Brent (Spiner),  you're so much better than this...<br />Acting? They do the best with what  they were given.<br />Script? YIKES!  Pure Hollywood trash. One silly (and yet  painfully predictable) turn after another. I actually like a lot of  big-budget Hollywood movies, but this movie deserves the bad rap that  blockbusters often get.<br />So if you unwisely decide to invest in this  movie, prepare to suspend your disbelief like you never have before...
B000001EXR|1.0|Hold on a second! This is not Kiss. I mean, it's a grunge album. I mean, I am a big grunge fan, but i was disgusted hearing it from kiss. I remember  reading that Gene Simmons wrote something along the lines of &quot;Id  rather listen to the Spice Girls than a grunge album. Well, they went and  wrote one. The only kiss that i find good is when its the original  lineup(and some eric carr) Dont buy this one.
B00002EPJH|5.0|Whereas I've always admired Jarrett's technical skills at the piano, I've  never appreciated his styling until now.  The Melody At Night, With You  provides recognizeable tunes for those into easy listening as well as an  array of avant-garde chord structures and runs that stimulate the palate of  seasoned listeners.  This is a trophy CD.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums ever produces, Tom Morello has great  guitar that sets the beat to the fierce, and insightful lyrics by Zack De  La Rocha, with great tracks like Bullet In THe Head, and know your enemy.  THis is one of those Cds you can put in and listen to the whole thing  without skipping a song, These guys are on a whole other  Level from such  &quot;rap rock&quot; bands as Korn and Limp Bizkit, and unlike them RATM  actually has musical ability dont miss out on this album. DOnt just  download this on Napster, either the cd is just to good to miss, and all  the Lyrics are included with the cd, it is really just an awesome cd to  have
B000000W5F|5.0|This was the last STONES record that was solid thru and thru. This album  represents two sides of the STONES...one is roots rock n' roll and the  other is spirited soul. The results are convincing and compelling. Side 1  is the STONES dishing up some raucaus rock n' roll with start me up,hang  fire,little t&amp; a,and neighbors. Black limousine is a blistering blues  number with some smokin' lead guitar and slave is an all out jam. Side 2 is  the STONES setting the mood with some passionate soul.<br />Tracks like  worried bout you,tops,and no use in crying display the STONES natural  ability for soul with lyrics that cut like a knife and a groove that is  mesmerizing. These songs are also a showcase for the vocal versitility of  MICK JAGGER. JAGGER is just as convincing here as he is in rock,blues,and  funk. The album closes with the classic waiting on a friend which features  some of the most tasteful and stylish sax playing i have ever heard in  popular music. What can i say except that this is classic stuff. Pick up a  copy for some pure &quot;SATISFACTION&quot;.
1567184855|5.0|I have read many books searching for answers to my questions on souls and the spirit. I have finally read a book that answered every question I had. This book has changed my life and my belief system. It has helped me more  than any other book I have ever read, and I have read just about all of  them!
B000002OAZ|5.0|Ignore most of of the other reviewers, with maybe one exception, and listen to some of the sound tracks for yourself.  You will hear exceptional  rythymn and blues from Howlin' Wolf, and excellent accompaniment from  Clapton et al. These musical legends, in their own right, provide brilliant  backing.<br />If you are a Howlin' Wolf fan a must have, if you aren't, but  are an R&amp;B fan give it a listen to, you won't regret it.
6305364648|2.0|I cannot believe the fast majority of Amazon reviewers praised the film for its action and both &quot;Arnolds&quot; performances.  That  withstanding, this film has the most racist assemblage of stereotypical  villains this side of &quot;Birth of a Nation.&quot;  It also exploits  Jamie Lee Curtis's well-conditioned figure to titillate the 14-year-olds  who probably made up the bulk of the audience.<br />I almost gave it a 1-star  rating but I couldn't do that to director James Cameron.  He did make the  superb &quot;Terminator&quot; films that feature kick-but performances from  Linda Hamilton and a little flick about a doomed ocean liner.
B00000G6AF|5.0|This CD has depth and range. And you add Shirley Bassey and De La Soul you've got something for everybody.<br />Hey P-Heads! Why don't you hook up  with ACID 2.0 and drop down some serious technofunk'n .WAV file loops? If  you lay out the tracks we will buy it!<br />Enjoy!
B00004U45G|3.0|Listening to this disc is a simple pleasure.  As a huge Zepp fan I have purchased many imports and strained releases that were worse than this live  recording.<br />You have to respect Jimmy Page- he loves to play and if not  for the reclusive nature of Robert Plant there would probably have been new  albums of Page/Plant work all over the years since the Mighty Groups  demise.<br />As much as some tire of the praise of Led Zeppelin I feel that  they are STILL underappreciated.  The group was 4 brilliant players that  each added to the magic... I love the Black Crowes but as they tore into  each track on this LIVE AT THE GREEK RELEASE I realized over and over again  how special Robert Plant is in music.<br />I wish that he would make himself  more available for studio work. &quot;Walking Into Clarksdale&quot; was  full of promise... I am thankful for Jimmy Page's ability to have fun with  the classics... and I am thankful that there is no David Coverdale in  sight.
B000003CMB|5.0|A must for anyone who likes music. A group at the peak of the improvisational skill. The &quot;drummers&quot; are so tight that it leaves  you thinking how can one plyer have four hands, Berry's loping Bass adding  to the drive of the music. Greg Allman's vocals ache with regret on You  don't love me. for me my favourite track is Stormy Monday. Melding jazz,  blues and rock in a killer of a track. Of all the Different versions of In  memory of Elizabeth Reed I have, this is the definative one. the inter-play  between the two guitars is mind blowing. It just shows how gigging can  build up an empathy between the musicians.
B000002L7Y|4.0|This is definitely a great album, and not just for the song &quot;Take On Me.&quot;  While that particular hit will always be an 80's classic and one  of the best intros that gives Morten Harket to show off his remarkable  voice range, there are many other wonderful tracks on here that stand out  just as much.  &quot;The Sun Always Shines On TV&quot; starts out with slow  beautiful piano synths, but soon turns into the most hardrocking song on  the album.  Other songs like the poppy &quot;Love Is Reason&quot; and the  beautiful, sensuous &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot; make this a  well-rounded effort and a great start for their career.  Overall it is 80's  pop but its one of the best of its genre.  It's not A-Ha's best but in my  opinion its in the top three.  For classic A-Ha check this out and its  follow-ups &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; and &quot;Stay On These Roads&quot;.
6302517036|4.0|In the middle of a decade swarming with maniacs chopping their way through  victims came this strong modern vampire tale. Teen-ager Charlie has seen a  coffin being carried in next door and young women have been turnign up  dead. When Charlie begins to believe his neighbor is the real thing, he  calls in late night horror host Peter Vincent in the hopes of stopping the  vampire.     The story was well written, some of the old vampire cliches  are there, but not in the same old way like the crucfix tht does not effect  the vampire because Peter Vincent needed to believe for it to work. The  visuals are great, there is gore, but fortunately it is not overdone. Roddy  McDowell was a great choice as the vampire killer. The few scenes of him as  a movie vampire slayer were a hoot. Chris Sarandon is a very suave vampire,  certainly one of the best vampires in a modern setting. This is certainly  one of the strongest horror films of the 1980's.
B000009EUM|4.0|&quot;Hunting High and Low&quot; is a great album, but this is an even better follow up.  It's A-Ha with their similar melancholy/pop formula, but  with some more sophisticated touches.  Songs like &quot;Soft Rains Of  April&quot;, &quot;October,&quot; and &quot;The Weight of The Wind&quot;  prove that the band can tone down their poppiness and still sound good  while other songs like &quot;Cry Wolf&quot; and &quot;I've Been Losing  You&quot; are right on the traditional A-Ha mark.  Other great songs  include &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; and &quot;The Swing of Things&quot; and  even the &quot;pop-trash filler&quot; such as &quot;We're Looking For the  Whales&quot; and &quot;Maybe Maybe&quot; are no slouches.  Not to me  anyway.  They may not be as impressive or profound as the other tracks on  this album but they are still fun to listen to and to me they still add to  it in a positive way.  Overall, Scoundrel Days is a great piece of work.   Recommended.
1556154844|1.0|This book seemed like an interesting book upon skimming, but as I tried to delve deeper into it I realized there was little in this book that can  really help me write better code.  It's all theory and abstract  suggestions.  A much better book is 'Writing Solid Code' (also in the same  series) which is only half as thick but probably has 100 times more 'meat'.   I'll bet most of the reviewers here wrote their reviews before actually  digesting much of the book!
B000002MUN|5.0|I have been a Tom Petty fan for a good 6 years and as usual i was dazzeled by the pure acoustic beauty of the guitar and the profound lyrics. This  album is a &quot;soft rock alubum&quot; it displays a slightly softer side  to Tom Petty. The lyrics are still rock hard and not every song is slow  moving. Songs like &quot;You dont how it feels&quot; and &quot;It's good to  be king&quot; songs you just have to listen to for hours this album is  filled with them. This is an album you can listen to every track without  skipping certain ones (like every Petty album). For any true Tom Petty fan  this is a must have album.
B000023VR6|2.0|this cd is ok, at that, i give it 2 stars because there are only 3 great songs, forget about dre, still dre, and the next episode, the rest of the  songs are bad or just ok, if u you want some REAL rap, go check out some  Dmx, Lox, or nelly, they make me forget about dre.
B00000GRL0|5.0|The only way to describe this movie is as the greatest Martial Arts film ever.  For those who are not die-hard kung fu fans, and found Lee's earlier  films primitive with poor camera work, plot, and script, Enter the Dragon  will be a pleasant surprise.  The plot and script are excellent for an  action movie and Bruce Lee shines.  The final battle in the mirror hall is  one of the cleverest and most exciting action sequences i've seen.  BUY  THIS FILM.
B00003CX6P|5.0|I was a fan of Patricia Highsmith's novel going into Anthony Minghella's film.  If you have ever read the book, you'll know there has been a great deal of change.  However, I was surprisingly pleased with Minghella's  version.  In fact, I've grown to love it more than the book. <br />It's a very  well made movie, from the haunting opening song by Sinead O'Connor to the  closing shot of a tormented Ripley.  The entire movie looks beautiful, with  cinematography by Minghella regular John Seale.  It is also a very musical  movie. Where Dickie was an artist in the book, he is now a jazz musician.   There are several nice scenes involving music that you'll enjoy if you are  a jazz fan. <br />What I adore most about Ripley is its story of a man who  desperatly wants to fit in.  Tom Ripley is a nobody in New York, he works  in an operahouse as a bathroom attendant.  He lives in a cruddy basement  apartment across from a butcher.  He cannot afford a piano, so he practises  on a paper keyboard.  One day, while subbing as an accompanist, Tom  stumbles onto an offer to go to Europe. Wealthy Mr. Greenleaf grants him a  mission to bring back his prodigal son.<br />When he arrives in Italy, he  realises he has the chance to become a somebody.  He is especially  enamoured with Dickie Greenleaf, who has a hypnotic effect on everyone he  meets.  What Tom doesn't particulary understand that Dickie is too  narcsistic to care about anyone other than himself.  Tom loses Dickie's  attention and is devasted. <br />...<br />Tom is a  character we root for, because he is the underdog.  He is not rich or  popular, truly deserving of a chance at something better.  A lot of people  describe this movie as disturbing, but only because of the level of  violence.  It disturbed me in the way it depicted a person trying to fight  their way of their station in life and failing. Ripley is basically a man  with good intentions who only wants to be liked.  He doesn't do anything  cold bloodily, he only[tries] to protect what little he has of his  character.  If Ripley can't be himself and succeed, what hope does any of  us have?
0440234743|3.0|I think there is the fool woman in story,she is too infantility, the lawyer who look for her is fool too.
B00003CXDV|4.0|This is one of those movies where you can watch over and over again. It's  funny and tries not to take itself too seriously. The casting is perfect.  The best part is watching the characters' attitudes change during the film.  Definitely one to buy.
B00004LN16|1.0|Ac/Dc was popular in the 70's and 80's.When people wore tight pants and listened to two bands with music for the brain dead.The music was rock.The  bands?Metallica and AC/DC.The songs are about....what? can somebody answer  that? Please....AC/DC made good CD's in the 80's.Hang it up and dont  embarass yourself. And for the 40 year old people who bought this,or are  going to,save your money.GOOD JOB AC/DC,BUT NOW IT'S TIME TO QUIT.
6301334523|4.0|At first glance, DANGEROUS LIAISONS appears to be an extravagant eighteenth-century period-piece, which it is; the powdered wigs and  overflowing corsets typical of the genre are all here, and the  cinematography is appropriately glossy.  But boiling beneath the elegant  surface are the deviously twisted sensibilities of two monstrous  characters--the Marquise de Merteuil (Glenn Close) and the Vicomte de  Valmont (John Malkovich), a pair of schemers (and former lovers) who take  pleasure in coolly manipulating and seducing those around them.  The  Marquise challenges the Vicomte to seduce the virtuous Madame de Tourvel  (Michelle Pfeiffer), but when the latter finds himself genuinely falling in  love with his intended prey, the game quickly turns fatal--with devastating  consequences for everyone involved.<br />A period-piece?  Yes, but one honed  with a distinctly contemporary menace.  It's rare, for example, to find a  period-piece with such delicious, razor-sharp dialogue (which garnered the  film an Academy Award for Best Screenplay Adaptation).  It's also rare to  find a period-piece that focuses primarily on sex, but treats its subject  matter with so little eroticism.  DANGEROUS LIAISONS is more about power  and one-upmanship; sex merely serves as the weapon of choice.  It's a  diabolically entertaining film, a decadent one even; there's something both  disturbing and enjoyable about watching the two central characters  indulging in their elaborate power plays.<br />The performances are strong for  the most part (Close, Malkovich, and Pfeiffer all received Oscar  nominations), although the women fare much better than the men.  Glenn  Close does a magnificent job as the evil Marquise, and supplies the film  with some of its most explosive moments--the scene in which she quietly  utters the word \\"War\\" without batting an eyelash is chilling beyond words.   I didn't completely buy Malkovich as the charming lady-killer (a small but  serious flaw that undermines the whole film), but he does a fine job with  what he's given.  Keanu Reeves, as usual, is utterly unfathomable, even in  a relatively minor part.  The best performance of all is delivered by  Michelle Pfeiffer; as the tormented wife, she bares every inch of her moral  anguish, and the results are heartbreaking to behold.  Behind the  cold-blooded duo of Close and Malkovich, it's Pfeiffer who provides the  emotional heart of the film, and in every one of her pained expressions  lies the evidence of the very human consequences at stake.
B00000JBFW|4.0|Perfect strangers 1985 was the continuing story after Come Taste the band album 1975, where the Deep Purple Mk IV at that time under the command of  David Coverdale had been splited.   This reunion album 1985 was a little  bit commercial in the rock market, though the whole songs are not bad. I  love the knocking at your back door, the album title, Gypsy kiss and of  course Wasted sunsets. These songs are timeless.....Gillan and Blackmore Co  still kept the old PURPLE sound, what they ever had done during their hey  days in the early essential 70s.   Buy this one! and also buy the next  reunion album HOUSE OF THE BLUE LIGHT 1987. Long Live DEEP PURPLE in the  Rock n roll hall of fame as the best Hard Rock in the highest rank.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I skipped seeing this in the theatre, but I am glad I waited to see it on  DVD.  This DVD is the one of the best I've seen (almost as good as  &quot;The Matrix&quot;).  It has so much intersesting stuff on it.  I am  extremely happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anybody.
6305897786|5.0|...It is a finely crafted film with all of Polanski's black humor and attention to detail. Upon my second viewing (DVD) I am an even stronger supporter of  this film...The ending is ambiguous, but  isn't life itself? I am a firm believer that this film will later be looked  upon as a much better film than most people would care to believe today.  Polanski himself claims it isn't his 'best' film, but it sure is nice to  see a film that is so tightly woven with detail and small , dark comments.  After viewing the DVD version I could not get the film off the mind the  following day. Now that is what I call a good movie. Thanks, Roman.
0767825411|5.0|Unlike a lot of other movies being pushed as family fare today, this movie actually had a lot of plot and was enjoyable for all ages. 3 unconventional  scientists (and one mechanic/all purpose man) go into business for  themselves and face all kinds of wacky legal and social mishaps before  saving New York City and the world from a major demon.<br />Although Akroyd  is shown smoking (something that is unlikely to surface in today's family  movies) in buildings, the superb acting and special effects negate it's  presence. The infamous Stay Puff climax is still really awe inspiring even  after the introduction of computer animation. New special effects does not  always mean better.<br />The only reason why the movie dates itself is the  inference of EPA officials as mean-spirited and reckless bureaucrats (even  if the actual equipment used by the men could constitute an environmental  hazard) . That this particular agency is selected is signifigant, because  in real life, then-president Ronald Reagan won election promising to free  businesses from real and perceived overregulation by EPA officials. The EPA  as villan is quintesential 80's
B00004SYWZ|5.0|A-ha started out as a commercial band in the 1980ies. They were famous for songs like &quot;Take on me&quot;, &quot;Hunting high and low&quot;, and  less famous but still known for &quot;Cry wolf&quot; and other songs  &quot;respectable but mediocre&quot;, as Nietzsche perhaps would have  said.<br />In this album the members of A-ha show that they have developed as  song-writers. Here you will find songs and lyrics that may  go deeper and  definetely may be characterized as more advanced than some of the previous  stuff the band did. Song number 3, as well as 11,12 and 13 may give you a  musical pleasure.<br />I definetely recommend this album, I have listened to  it more than 100 times.
185984054X|3.0|While it is good that Mother Theresa wants to help other people and keep  herself in shape to help others, one must question the methodology behind  her beliefs and practices.<br />Even though the size of the book and the lack  of footnotes does not paint a solid case, it also does not silence  important questions. If she was perfectly willing to let citizens of  Calcutta have access to primitive facilities, why on earth would Mother  Theresa not feel like they were good enough for herself? Presumably, god  would still love her regardless of whether or not she got fancy hospital  care.<br />Granted, the allegations raised by this book are not pretty and are  guaranteed to inflame some readers, but it does provide important  information. Because it does not mention such discrepancies are the  standard practice for Catholic orders (indeed, an overwhelming majority are  very modern and believe all patients should have acess)it is Mother Theresa  who is the spirtual oddity.<br />While it is quite possible that she could  have planned her nomination for sainthood (Nuns are still human and subject  to the samre whims)I don't necessarily think she should be faulted for it.  Expecting complete selflessness is unrealistic of any person whether they  be lay or clergy.<br />One can disagree with Mother Theresa's position on  reproductive self-determination while seeing why she would have to make a  series of shrewd political moves. Mother Theresa problaly realized that  women DO face a harder journey to sainthood because of their gender and  that she WOULD have to have lots of ambition to pull it off. Only she will  have to answer whether or not those connections were ultimately the best  option.
B00000J2L7|5.0|I've read most of the reviews for this movie on Amazon and have seen only one passing mention of Terry Southern, the brilliant and now sadly almost  forgotten novelist/screenwriter who was practically solely responsible for  the black humor in this movie wrongly attributed to Kubrick. Southern's  screenplay was essentially a satirical revision of the rather conventional  end-of-the-world novel &quot;Red Alert&quot; by Peter George (who shares  the writing credits along with Kubrick and Southern.)  As a matter of fact,  when &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; first came out in 1962, it had been  Southern who received all of the credit, resulting in angry full-page  denunciations by Kubrick in, I believe, the New York Times, stating that  Southern &quot;had nothing to do with it.&quot; Of course, anyone who has  read &quot;The Magic Christian&quot; or &quot;Flash and Filigree&quot;  would realize this is absurd. Terry Southern also encountered this problem  some years later when Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper made the same  accusation against him regarding the screenplay of &quot;Easy Rider&quot;,  of which, once again, Southern was the sole author. While I acknowledge  that Stanley Kubrick was a great director, he was also a megalomaniac known  for taking all the credit for the greatness of his films, a slightly  ridiculous stance, I believe, given the inherently collaborative nature of  the medium. And because of this tendency, he helped to bury the reputation  of one of the most talented writers of his generation. Writing and  directing aside, the acting in this movie is impeccable. I am a huge fan of  Peter Sellers, and it is perhaps with this movie that he definitively  proved that, as a character actor and vocal impressionist, he has no equal  in the history of recorded film.
0394800389|5.0|I had this book when I was young, and unfortunately tore it up beyond recognition....but when I had my own son 4 years ago, I HAD to get this  book......my husband and I would crack up when we'd read this aloud to my  son as an infant, and now that he's older, he's laughing along with us!  This is GUARANTEED to bring a smile upon the readers face, as well as  anyone around who gets the joy of hearing them! I'm now 27 and I STILL love  it!
B00000J2L7|5.0|I've read most of the reviews for this movie on Amazon and have seen only one passing mention of Terry Southern, the brilliant and now sadly almost  forgotten novelist/screenwriter who was practically solely responsible for  the black humor in this movie wrongly attributed to Kubrick. Southern's  screenplay was essentially a satirical revision of the rather conventional  end-of-the-world novel &quot;Red Alert&quot; by Peter George (who shares  the writing credits along with Kubrick and Southern.)  As a matter of fact,  when &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; first came out in 1962, it had been  Southern who received all of the credit, resulting in angry full-page  denunciations by Kubrick in, I believe, the New York Times, stating that  Southern &quot;had nothing to do with it.&quot; Of course, anyone who has  read &quot;The Magic Christian&quot; or &quot;Flash and Filigree&quot;  would realize this is absurd. Terry Southern also encountered this problem  some years later when Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper made the same  accusation against him regarding the screenplay of &quot;Easy Rider&quot;,  of which, once again, Southern was the sole author. While I acknowledge  that Stanley Kubrick was a great director, he was also a megalomaniac known  for taking all the credit for the greatness of his films, a slightly  ridiculous stance, I believe, given the inherently collaborative nature of  the medium. And because of this tendency, he helped to bury the reputation  of one of the most talented writers of his generation. Writing and  directing aside, the acting in this movie is impeccable. I am a huge fan of  Peter Sellers, and it is perhaps with this movie that he definitively  proved that, as a character actor and vocal impressionist, he has no equal  in the history of recorded film.
B000002UB3|5.0|You may want to dismiss or minimize such Beatle efforts as &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; or &quot;Revolver&quot; because of the overblown (yes) gushing  of praise over the years.  While the merits of the aforementioned discs may  be up for debate (Is &quot;Pepper&quot; really the greatest rock/pop album  of all time? Is &quot;Revolver&quot; as innovative as other rock albums  circa 1966?), there is absolutely NO debate that &quot;Abbey Road&quot; is  a bona fide classic.  NO ONE can deny that the kudos directed towards the  songwriting, production values, musicianship, and influence of &quot;Abbey  Road&quot; is unjustified.  The Beatles attempt to enact a symbiosis: the  individualistic, straight-ahead performances on side one (much like the  &quot;White Album&quot;), merged with the thematic, conceptual &quot;rock  opera&quot; suite on side two (a la &quot;Pepper&quot;). The result is  sublime-- &quot;Abbey Road&quot; trumps both &quot;Pepper&quot; and the  &quot;White Album&quot; because both its individual tracks and thematic  approach are superior.  This recording never dulls, never grows old.  This  is simply a classic, timeless recording by any standard.  Believe the hype.
0517543052|5.0|Nice book.  Plenty of universal truths that tend to slip through our everyday experience.  Dass has been kind enough to pick them up, collect them and show them to us.
B000002L9Y|4.0|This is a truly wonderous album. The differences from previous Mac issues  make it very intriguing. Tracks like Seven Wonders and Little Lies  accentuate Stevie Nicks' haunting voice while showcasing the talents of the  band. While some of the songs seemed muttled and weighed down with the  dated sounds of the synthesizer, over all I think this album is a treasure  for anyone who likes good music by a really great band.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album by Tool is amazing.  It is in my top 10 albums of the 1990's.  The lyrics, vocals, and instuments are all wonderfully done on this album.   I have listened to this album hundreds of times and yet I never get sick of  it.  I would reccomend this album to anyone (except those who have a  problem with profanity).  There is a good deal of profanity with this album  however it isn't a band trying to shock an audiance.  This album is well  worth the 14 dollars.
0380713802|5.0|i simply cannot fathom how one would grow tired of this book, or so disgruntled with it as to give it a less than 5 or 4 star rating. i grew up as an only child, so there was never much need to laugh out loud at, say,  the television, or a book i was reading. BUT this book had me laughing  absolutely painfully and out loud. yes, it's a book-reviewer's cliche, but  it's true. bill bryson has a cynicism by which his tales always border on  the sarcasticly absurd, but not so negative that his love for life does not  shine through, and also not so exaggerative that the truth is hidden. this  book is a real find, and i have since read 2 more of bryson's books (walk  in the woods, stranger here myself), and have yet to grow tired of his  musings.
B00000J8EK|4.0|I must admit, when I first bought this album, I was disappointed.  I had heard &quot;Let Forever Be&quot; and bought the album, and I found that  every other song was in a much different style--and I didn't like it.  I  was ready to use the CD as a coaster.  It was not until I listened to this  CD a few times until I realized it is better than I initially thought.  The  Chemical Brothers' style is unique, and it may take some getting used to.   Being a fan of Techno artists like Lo-Fidelity Allstars and Fatboy Slim,  the trance-like style of the Chemical Brothers was something different.  I  would recommend this CD to someone who is a fan of trance, but also a fan  of more upbeat techno.  It is a bizzare mix of both styles.
0812505085|5.0|Treasure Island is one of the best adventure stories of all time. I really enjoyed all of the characters in this book, although I think a few too many  of the good people died. The story starts off a little slow but it speeds  up very quickly. I really liked all of the battles they had on the island.  I also enjoyed Jim Hawkins sea adventure. Long John Silver is one of the  greatest pirates, if not the greatest, of all time. Treasure Island is one  of my favorite books and I still like to read it every now and then. Make  sure you read this classic story as well.
0671034065|5.0|I read the entire thing in one go.  I just couldn't put it down.  There's no mystery as to who's doing what, but plenty of humor and enough suspense  to fully entertain.  I didn't want the story end, and I hope I get to see  more of Jaine and Donovan in future books.
0694003611|4.0|Its really rather strange in a way.  I read this for a friend of mine who was having trouble sleeping and I found that the story has power to relax  us all no matter what age.  From my nepher at 1 1/2 to my friend at 25 the  simple beauty of this book stays with us.  Good night all
0451167716|5.0|This is one of the great books of literary fiction that has been written in the last 30 years.  Mario Puzo had a stroke of pure genius when he wrote  this classic novel of the Corleone family.  From the first page to the last  page it grips you hard and takes you on a mesmorizing journey of greed at  all costs, loyalty to familly above all else, and destruction at a grand  scale.  The charactors Puzo writes about from Vito Corleone his son's  Sonny, Michael and Fredo, the supporting character's of Tom Hagen, Johnny  Fontaine (based on Frank Sinatra) are so interesting!  The plot is  outstanding as well as the &quot;sidebar journey's&quot; in the book.  I  can't say enough about this book or the movie's that are based on this fine  work.  You wont be able to put it down once you start reading it.  &quot;Grazi!&quot; to the late Mario Puzo!
B00003CX59|3.0|To the fan in South Carolina, please note that Sleepy Hollow DID will the cinematography Academy Award (oops!).  Another viewer inexplicably says  that one big element of the film's suspense is that  Ichabod has to get the  Headless Horseman before the Horseman gets him (Ichabod). ?  Actually, one  of the major Burton points of the film is that the Headless Horseman IS NOT  TARGETING ICHABOD.  Ichabod only puts himself in the way by choice, so to  speak.  Alas, there are so many ironical points and take-off points in the  film that many other reviewers here have missed that I wonder what film  they think they saw...There is Washington Irving and there is Disney's take  on Irving and there is Burton's take on both, as he may remember them.   Extending this recognition of memory's role in Burton's work, some viewers  might find it useful to recall the point in the nineteenth century WHEN the  character, Sherlock Holmes, was sleuthing.  It is quite a bit after 1799,  when Sleepy Hollow opens. So, those reviewers who say Ichabod is a inept  Sherlock Holmes need first to understand the date of appearance of not only  characters (in this case, Doyle's Holmes) but also scientific equipment and  events (like the development of optics--Ben Franklin had glassses) before  crafting a critique.  More to the point would be recognizing that this is  possibly Burton's and colleague's time-compressed ironic reaction to his  (their) own idea of Sherlock Holmes as portrayed by (fill in the blank;  start with &quot;The Seven Percent Solution&quot; and trudge back through  all of Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce).  And there may be other  'influences,' ranging from Charlie Chan's sons to a variety of incarnations  of 'detectives' in famous movies (not least, Peter Sellers).  But this is  only a few possibilities, and frankly, I wouldn't begin to know who on the  creative team dreamed up the apparently inept but really honorable and  determined detective.  Since we all should already knowthe contributions  of Danny Elfman, Anton Furst and some others to Burton's films, it is  unfair to give Burton both all credit and all blame for what takes place in  his films.  And we know there was lots of rewriting on this one...
B00003CWTH|5.0|Paul Thomas Anderson's &quot;Magnolia&quot; is a brilliant film. Its  brings us through a town where some people are just not having the greatest  day. We meet an amazing array of different characters from a lonely cocaine  addict to a loveless former television child genius. Anderson beautifully  directs this film to perfection, and makes us want more. For me, 3 hours of  this film wasn't quite enough. This film will keep you hooked from the  beginning to the final conclusion, and I highly recommend it if your a fan  of Anderson's other 2 films. <br />Also to be applauded is the music, by Aimee  Mann. Pick up the soundtrack while your at it.
0553208845|5.0|When I first picked up this book, my expectations were a fictional account of Gotama Buddhas life written by some German guy. When I read it what I  got was one of the most moving, life changing pieces of literture of the  twentieth century. This book will change the way you think. And will change  the way you value your thoughts. In addition to being a good overvue of  what it truely means to be a buddha, there is a great story here. This book  is for anyone. Anyone who wishes to be enlightened. But don't take my word  for it because...&quot;Wisdom is not communicable. Knowledge can be  communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it,be fortified by it,  do wonders through it,but one cannot communicate and teach it.&quot;
1857151399|5.0|A french classic from Albert Camus about a French Man who knifes an arab on a beach after the death of his mother.  What ensues is a trial for the  way he behaved during his mothers funeral, where he is condemned not for  killing a man, but for failure to weep over his mothers corpse.  It is a  terse and compelling piece of literature narrated from the point of view of  the central character.  He bears no feeling, no remorse for what he has  done.  Does he elicit our sympathy?  Do we feel for him who feels nothing  for us?  Are we hypocritical as a society or do we condemn those around us  for who they are rather than what they do?  The answers to these and other  questions are posed within the pages, but you will find no answers here.  This is a book to make you think, not to answer your questions!  It is  simple, short and brilliant.  The original french version (L'etranger)is  much favoured by students of the language because the language is so simple  and accessible, but this camoflages the depth of thought behind it.
055321263X|5.0|this book is so suspenseful.  the characters are very well developed and they even seem real.  the plot was intricately woven so that every event  and detail fit in perfectly.  read this book and you will not regret it  (unless you are someone who does not appreciate good literature).
0780631684|5.0|This film is actually very innovative for it's genre!  The introductory segment of the film sets up the story with great suspense and drama that is  so rare in horror films.  Many people I know cried.  The set ups in the  bathroom and kitchen scenes have people uncomfortably anticipating the  outcomes, and the bus scene is so shocking and innovative that many films  will start emulating it for years to come.  In fact, Scary Movie has  already tried, but since it was a comedy it was more predictable and less  shocking.  A great film in the theater and I hope it can be captured as  well on video and DVD!
B000002LR3|5.0|It's mint... i grew up in madchester in the late 80's and it epitomises everything that was great at that time...rave on...it's timeless...you must  buy it...i'm gonna get deep down (oh and i have met bez)
B000002LR3|4.0|my fav.tracks are &quot;higher than the sun&quot; &amp; &quot;damaged&quot;,which are  heartening &amp; high. i think overall  Vanishing Point is as good as Screamadelica.it's glad anyway to see primal  scream getting better all the time.
B000002WPI|5.0|36 Chambers is also one of the most important.  It brought the rap world new views on knowledge, ethnic relations, education, and the world in  general.  This CD is also very underpriced because it has (so far) infinite  listening value.  Its over half a decade old and is still untouchable for  most as far as an aspirational apex for an LP.  I can listen to the first  track through the last track everyday and not get sick of it and zealously  enjoy it.  I can't really ask for much more as a listener.
B00000I8UD|5.0|though my fav.song of Sylvian is &quot;forbidden colours&quot; in Secrets of the beehive &amp; &quot;nostalgia&quot; in brillant tree,overall this  latest album is of even better quality than both of them. i'm so glad.
B00000064G|5.0|I must confess, I had no idea who Nick Drake was until I saw the VW Cabrio  ad (thanks to the commercial, I have now fallen in love with a CD and a  car). At first it was easy to ignore the slow strums of that guitar but  after a while it started to haunt me and I couldn't help but listen to it  again and again, anxiously anticipating for the commercial to come on.  Finally I went online to track down the artist and bought the CD right  away. It's a short CD but I would say it's the best short CD out there;  it's a work of art. That calm yet sultry voice, the hypnotic rhytmn, it  takes you away to an entirely different time and place. Nick Drake is  definitely an artist to be uncovered and appreciated.
B000000W8C|5.0|it is the best album amongs all three of Verve provided that Urban Hymns is a bit too commercial &amp; A Storm In Heaven is a bit too abstract,so A  Northern Soul lies between the two extremes. besides the dreamy spacey  power of the albums,the all the classic &quot;HISTORY&quot; is just  speechless! b.t.y.there're 2 b-sides albums of Verve which are as good as  all of their albums,check them out.
B00004TVV1|5.0|This CD is the best Louis Armstrong CD ever. If you haven't already gotten Louis Armstrong Greatest Hits, I think that you should. The two CDs should  be listened to together. The greatest hits CD is an introdution to Louis  Armstrong and the complete sessions is an extension to a it for a more  mature Louis Armstrong fan. This CD has it all from variety in music tones  to harmony. A must for Louis fans.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I started off listening to Sarah Mchalchan in 95 and was blown away by her. I have continued to listen to her to this very day. I listened to  Dido's cd because a friend of mine had it. We listened to the whole thing  in my car. Once the cd was over, I stopped in the nearest store that sold  cd's and bought it. I was absolutely blown away by her. Her voice can be  compared to Sarah's, but it's a little less ambiguous. Her sounds are  angry, but calm all at the same time. When I saw her in concert, she was  EVEN BETTER! There isn't a single bad track on the whole cd. I agree with  the one post, this girl is NOT a one hit wonder! Thank you, Here with me,  and don't think of me, are in my opinion the highlights of the cd. Yet  there are so many more. If you are a Sarah Mclachlan, Tara Mclean, Ani  Difranco, or Cranberries fan(which I am) this CD is a must have! Thank you  Dido for creating such a wonderful album that can sooth and calm me down.
B000002UWL|5.0|Tennant and Lowe, the Rodgers and Hart of modern pop music, made their break from Great Singles Band to Great Album Band with 1990's  &quot;Behavior,&quot; their most mature, consistent set to date.  Ten songs  that range from moody, atmospheric ballads (&quot;Jealousy&quot; and the  poignant &quot;To Face the Truth&quot;) to more upbeat, yet still  bittersweet dance-oriented tracks (&quot;How Can You Expect to Be Taken  Seriously?&quot; and &quot;So Hard&quot;), &quot;Behavior&quot; shows one  of pop music's finest songwriting partnerships at their creative peak.  At  its heart, however, &quot;Behavior&quot; is a profoundly somber reflection  on fame, loneliness, relationships and AIDS.  Occasionally optimism shines  through the dark, pessimistic soundscapes, but &quot;Behavior&quot; remains  one of the definitive albums for the lovelorn.  Tennant and Lowe played it  more lighthearted on 1993's overrated (but still good) &quot;Very&quot; and  1996's &quot;Bilingual&quot; (perhaps their finest album), but they never  again captured the wistful, touching vibe of &quot;Behavior.&quot;
B000002J1U|5.0|This album is awesome.  You'll be blown away.  There are more songs on this album that aren't played on the radio as much as the songs from LZII.   This is probably because the songs on this album are lighter than the songs  on the first two albums.  Nonetheless, LZIII still rocks.<br />The band dives  right in with &quot;Immigrant Song,&quot; the hardest song on the album.   &quot;Celebration Day&quot; and &quot;Friends&quot; have really cool sounds  to them.  &quot;Since I've Been Loving You&quot; is clearly the best track  on the album, and is up there in the LZ top ten.  If you like it get the  &quot;BBC Sessions,&quot; which offers a better version.  &quot;Out on the  Tiles&quot; is really great with a rippin' beat.  &quot;Gallows Pole&quot;  is really interesting, and we really start to see the lighter folk side of  LZ here.  This trend is continued with &quot;Tangerine,&quot; which has a  really awesome hypnotic sound.  &quot;Bron-Y-Aur Stomp&quot; and &quot;Hats  Off to Roy Harper&quot; are a little weak mainly because they diverge from  the sound of the rest of the album so much, but are still neat to listen  to.<br />In all, I'd rate this as LZ's 5th best studio album out of their 9.
0671034065|5.0|This book has to be one of Ms Howard's best.  Not only has sheput forth her usually talent in intrigue, she's added a new dimension--humor.  A wonderful spark.<br />Her heroine is spunky and very witty.  The relationship between the hero and heroine is hot!  This book has everything for the reader.  Sex, laughter, sadness, suspense, and a very happy ending.  You will not be disappointed.
B000002J03|5.0|Anyone who does not give this album five stars has serious issues.  The fact that some of these songs are overplayed on the radio is not a reason  to give this album a low rating.  If anything that should say something  about the quality of the songs on the album.<br />This album is brilliant.   LZII offers a mix of styles, mostly hard rock with persistent melodies.   &quot;Ramble on&quot; is my fav, but they're all really good.   &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and then &quot;Living Loving Maid&quot; is an  amazing combo and reminds me of Yes's &quot;All Good People.&quot;   &quot;Thank You&quot; is incredible.  Plant can do anything with that voice  of his.  &quot;What Is and What Should Never Be&quot; is classic LZ.  I'm  not the biggest fan of &quot;Whole Lotta Love,&quot; because it's a little  repetitive, but the messed up part in the middle is great.  &quot;Bring It  on Home&quot; is really great and bluesy.<br />This is one of those albums  where every track is really good.  The only problem with Led Zeppelin is  that they did not produce a bad song.  I would actually say that this album  ranks 4th out of the 9 studio albums they released, but every album has a  different sound and feel, so choose for yourself.
B000002UWF|5.0|Is it me?  Has anybody but me seen louis prima and keely smith and in some life not sonny and cher?  He is my  hero and he danced around keely  just  like sonny and cher.  Jummpin and  jiven.  Sorry folkes<br />the train  whistle's blowin.
B000002J09|5.0|I really don't think it's possible to purchase this album and not think that it was worth the money after one serious listen.  This album is good  the first time, and every time.  There's nothing else that sounds like this  out there.<br />&quot;Black Dog&quot; is just great classic Led Zeppelin, and  a great opening.  &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; will rock your pants off.   &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot; is jaw droppingly good.  It's a folk  song about a battle from Tolkein's epic &quot;Lord of the Rings.&quot;   Truly incredible.  &quot;Stairway to Heaven.&quot;  &quot;Misty Mountain  Hop&quot; is a really great playful song.  &quot;Four Sticks&quot; has a  great rhythm that is addictive.  &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot; will  blow you away.<br />&quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is really good, but it  doesn't dominate this album.  The other songs are also really good, and you  forget about &quot;Stairway&quot; easily.  I'd have to say that this is  LZ's best album, but it's a really close call, and honestly, they're all  really good, and generate different moods.
B000002HMH|5.0|No, it's not old Metallica.  If you don't know that by now you are a freaking retard.  I think this album is great and I own all of Metallica's  albums, and the box set.  This music takes a new step, but it is still a  good collection of music.  They would have sold out if they had started  rapping or stuff like that.  Limp Bizkit can say what they want about them,  but at least Metallica didn't copy someone else's music style.  All of  today's mainstream bands begin to sound the same (korn, limp bizkit, papa  roach) and then here comes metallica with I Disapear.  Face it people, if  anything, Metallica has balls.  They had the balls to come out with an  album like load which they wanted to do, even when they knew they would  catch a lot of crap from the &quot;fans.&quot;  They had balls to be the  first to attack napster in which many other artists joined the suit  afterwords and many many other bands dispised it.  <br />   So, here's my  final thought on Load. If you don't like it, youu don't like it.  But be  sure you are basing your opinion on the music, and don't compare the music  to other cd's.  Because if you haven't noticed, kill 'em all does not sound  like ride the lightning, master of puppets does not sound like justice for  all, justice for all does not sound like the black album, and the black  album does not sound like load.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Why is this band so popular?  They just took rage against the machine's style (rock with a little rapping) and reversed it (rap with a little rock).  First off, Fred's whining vocals have really gotten on my nerves.   This band would be better if they didn't have him.  Second off, every song  on the past two limp bizkit cd's have been about Fred Durst's girlfriend.   What a loser.  I hope she's happy that 5 guys are getting rich bitching  about her.  How come I used to like Limp Bizkit and everybody thought I was  a loser, and then when this cd came out and they got on MTV, everybody  liked them?   Whatever.  By the way, please get someone else to write  lyrics Fred.
B0000025BL|5.0|This album is fantastic! As for all these high &amp; mighty snobs referring to this masterpiece as campy,horrid(well u didnt get it back then &amp; your kind still doesnt! Meat is one of the best vocalists in ROCK  period. Steinman is a musical genius &amp; the production being too much  for Phil Spector=MAN THIS STUFF IS LIKE ROCK N ROLL WAGNER! Its  opera,drama,lust,angst,violence,love...man just put it on,crank it to 10  put away your steely dan &amp; elp records &amp; experiance the epic  grandeur...a soundtrack to hit the highway to....ah your probably just too  old!
0446310786|4.0|Hello i am Rachel a 13 year old I read to kill a mockingbird over the summer and I really liked it. It was sometimes boring but very good. With  To Kill A Mockingbird you have to be patient and it takes a while to read  but in the end it is worth it. I found the Characters very well developed  and the ideas profound, it gave me a good look at a sleepy town during the  deppression. It was told at an 8 year olds point of veiw so it combined  daily life and games with the worries of the town. Harper Lee did an  excellent job with the writing and this book is truly a classic which in my  standards means boring at points but very good.
0553573403|5.0|I have to say I haven't been this enthralled by a novel since Robert  Jordan's &quot;The Wheel of Time&quot; volume 1. I was searching in the  family library for something to sate my mind when my sister suggested this  book, which she had purchased on a whim one day. She told me it was very  good but I had no idea until I started reading...<br />It is all at once  surreal, realistic, cynical, dark, painful and a joy to read. While it  usually takes me days or even weeks to read a novel this long due to my  busy schedule, I found myself reading late into the night, during breakfast  and while in the bathroom! My favourite character by far was Eddard Stark,  who I saw as one of those men whose character far exceeds that of any man  in existence today... something we women are constantly looking for! The  darkness of the book disturbed me to the point of tears in some parts -  when Bran was thrown from the turret and when Ned was beheaded. I have not  been so moved by a novel in YEARS! George Martin makes you feel every  little nuance of the character's pain, frustration, guilt, shame, happiness  and honour. One can even say that the book was depressing, but however much  I was disturbed, I was equally if not even more captivated by the  storyline, the honesty and the reality of the book. It is a page turner  however used that term may be. Definitely a MUST read! Now, onto Volume 2:  A Clash of Kings!
0684833395|5.0|Heller satarizes war with this amazing novel. Yet it also has somber  tones, a theoligical debate, and it promulgates Heller's existentialism.  This book is a rollercoaster ride from emotional highs of uncontrollable  laughter to lows of almost tears. And if there's one thing that needs to be  satarized, it's the military. Heller is brilliant!
B00003CX95|5.0|This is truly a masterpiece. Mel Gibson plays the role of William Wallace, Sophie Marceau supports as well as others. This Movie has everything a  movie could have, action, comedy, romance, etc. The battles are a thing to  remember, very well done. The ending is without a doubt one of the most  memorable on movie history. A MUST See!
B00004UFYU|5.0|I WORK IN SAUDI ARABI. MOST TIMES I AM OFFSHORE, BUT RETURN TO THE &quot;BEACH&quot; PERIODICALLY TO COMPOSE REPORTS ON VARIOUS OIL PRODUCING  STRUCTURES. WHEN I DO GET IN I SPEND AT LEAST TEN TO TWELVE HOURS AT A  COMPUTER AND IT IS MY HABIT TO INSERT A CD, SEECT CONTINUOS RANDOM PLAY AND  BASICALLY GET ON WITH IT.  I RECENTLY RETURNED FROM MY VILLA IN SPAIN.  WHILST THERE I TOOK SOME FAMILY MEMBERS ON A &quot;PIRATE SHIP&quot; DAY  OUT. THEY WERE PLAYING eRa DURING THE TRIP AND I WAS TOTALLY ENTRANCED.  ASKING WHERE THE CD COULD BE PURCHSED I IMMIDIATELY WENT TO A LOCAL MUSIC  SHOP AND PURCHESED VOLUME 2. VOL 1 BEING OUT OF STOCK. THE MUSIC IS  APPEALING IN MANY WAYS, TOTALLY RELAXING AND FOR WANT OF A BETTER  DESCRIPTION MAKES YOU FEEL AS THOUGH YOU ARE OUT WALKING ON A CLEAR CRISP  AUTUM DAY. THAT MAY SOUND REALLY CORNY, BUT THERE YOU GO. THEY ALSO REMIND  ME OF &quot;ENIGMA&quot;. IN FACT I INITIALLY THOUGHT THAT THEY WERE  E-CLONES BUT FURTHER CONSTANT LISTENING PROVES TO ME THAT THEY OWN THEIR  TALENT IN THEIR OWN RIGHT. VOLUME 2 CONTAINS 10 TRACKS AND FOR THE LIFE OF  ME I CANT DECIDE WHAT IS THE BEST SO IT'S EASIER TO SAY THAT THEY ARE ALL  VERY GOOD. I AM NOW A DEVOTED FAN TO THEIR MUSIC AND TO ANYBODY READING  THIS I WILL SAY THE FOLLOWING. GET YOURSELF A COPY, SIT DOWN, RELAX AND  PALY THE ALBUM TWO OR THREE TIMES. I ALWAYS KNOW WHEN I AM ENJOYING A  PARTICULAR CD. IF YOU START TO HUM THE OPENING BARS OF THE NEXT TRACK  BEFORE IT STARTSM YOU MUST LIKE IT. REGARDS, BILL CAPLAN
6305537798|5.0|After continuous teen movies with a popular girl, the popular girl's clique, the jock who wants the girl, and the boys who help the jock get the popular girl, of course let's not forget  the famous shocking prom night and a kiss before the credits (seems familar?), I think the young generation, or any generation for that matter, is a little exhausted from the usual routine. In this highly acclaimed 'teen' movie, influenced by the comedy Taming of the Shrew written by William Shakespeare, the routine is still on, but with a new and refreshing twist. With unfamiliar, yet talented new faces, this brand spankin' new cast is entertaining from beginning to end.<BR> Newcomers Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger light up the screen as the potential couple who incidentally fall for each other. The stratford sisters live under strict rules stated by their strict, humorous father: Bianca, the younger, outgoing sister, cannot date until her older, anti-social sister Kat (with the perfect I-hate-the-world attitude) decides to date. As soon as Bianca attracts two fellow students, their plans on finding Kat a date lead to mishaps here and there. With witty dialogue and great music to go along with it, this movie is worthy of being in the genre of 'teen'. It's right up on the list with Sixteen Candles and Clueless.
0780631684|5.0|This was a great movie if you like special effects.  I felt that the movie trailer was so short and simple was because they couldn't show other  portions of the movie.  The way &quot;fate&quot; took the lives of those  who escaped it was just too gruesome to allow for a preview for all  audiences.  Definately a movie that could give a person nightmares.  A must  see movie!
B0000025ZF|4.0|simply a very good album, clearly better than anything gilmour-floyd has put out after Waters left. Clapton's guitar playing is welcome relief from  the repetitive nature of gilmour's solos, and add a new touch to Roger's  brillant lyrics. I give this album 4 stars only because it is not The Wall  or The Final Cut, however, it is not far off from achieving the levels of  perfection those albums did. if your a fan of Water's other solo material,  or are only familiar with his work in Pink Floyd, then by all means buy  this album. As other reviews have stated, its not the most easily  accessible album, but give it multiple listings, and youll grow to  appreciate it.
0804106304|1.0|I bought the book after I caught a glimpse of the movie on TV. I read so many good review of the book, so I assumed it's good and bought one myself. I couldnt catch up with the multiple characters. It's just too confusing  and I have to keep refering to be beginning to see who's who! I didnt  finish the book!
B00000DMQJ|5.0|Putting together an Enya &quot;Best Of&quot; album can be tough, considering the fact that all of her work is so wonderful.   Choosing  certain songs over others can be very difficult.  Let's break it down:   Tracks 6 and 16 (The Celts, Boadicea) are from &quot;The Celts&quot; (I  Want Tomorrow, is sorely missed), Tracks 1, 10, and 11 (Orinoco Flow,  Storms In Africa Part 1, Watermark) are from &quot;Watermark&quot; (Why not  Storms In Africa Part II instead?  And Exile?  On Your Shore?  Evening  Falls...?  All are sorely missed), Tracks 2, 3, 8, 9, and 13 (Caribbean  Blue, Book Of Days, Shepherd Moons, Ebudae, Marble Halls) are from  &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot; (this album is given the most room (5 tracks)  which is good except that it sort of takes control of the album's tone  instead of giving us even doses of all 4 albums), Tracks 4, 7, 14, and 15  (Anywhere Is, China Roses, On My Way Home, The Memory Of Trees) are from  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; (Good choices in my opinion to use these  songs), Tracks 5 and 12 (Only If..., Paint The Sky With Stars) are the new  tracks for this album (perfect songs, one being the obvious show piece  while the other is very quiet and peaceful.  Good contrast) Track 17 (Oiche  Chiun (Silent Night)) is from The Christmas EP (lovely bonus track to have  here).  The fact that this is a 24kt Gold disc is just icing on the cake.   Even though some songs are missed, this CD does do what it should...leave  you wanting more.  Now if only &quot;A Box Of Dreams&quot; was released in  a special 24kt Gold edition.  That would be Heaven....just like Enya.
B000001FTA|5.0|i love all thin lizzy's stuff because the music is always top notch and the lyrics are always so sincere (even if they're almost corny sometimes!)  in the mid 70's we used to swim in valley forge park everyday and listen to  &quot;jailbreak&quot; and to this day whenever i hear anything off that  record it reminds me of those days! i saw lizzy on this tour and they  opened with soldier of fortune.  they played opium trail and almost all of  the &quot;live and dangerous&quot; album too! but everything here is  classic, southbound, dear lord, bad reputation, it's all good!  the  greatest thing about thin lizzy is that they have an album to fit whatever  mood you're in! get this one!
B00000G09Q|4.0|OK, I've a turtle fan before i could even say teenage mutantninja turtle, it came out tenage mutin nijit turtles! Well, i am not that old, i am a teen, but i love this movie, this is the only i dont have, and im missing a few of the cartoon tabes. But, this is my fave. of them all. I love the age of the ninja, so i fell in love with it the first time i saw it. And this was the on TMNT movie i saw on the big screen. Well, if i had the choose of the three, this would be it!  END
6304675348|4.0|This movie is special since it highlights on the old cliches of all horror films past. Entertaining, often funny...and utterly disgusting. Some parts,  and plot lines are just a bit too convienient. Overall it was a lot of fun.
0684833395|5.0|A hilarios book. This is the story of a WW2 pilot named Yossarian who knows that that millions of total strangers are trying to kill him and  can't figure out why. It's uplifting and endearing as Heller narrates, in  his unique style, camp life, populated by vivid, humorous characters that  will never be forgotten. Most quick, humorous book I've ever read. the 468  pages breezed by.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This album was great! It contains all of Sarah's most popular songs and everyone can find a favorite here.  I liked the live aspect of the CD (many times I do not with other artists).  Sarah's voice is amazing- it touches a  chord in your soul and makes you feel things. Her music is sensual and  vibrant.  Do yourself a favor and get this CD! You won't be sorry!
B00004TR2G|5.0|This is by far the best CD in my collection.  I have seen Jaws probably 2,000 times, and I can match each piece of music to its part in the movie  without the track listings.  But the soundtrack alone, without the screams  and gunshots etc., it twice as frightening.  Especially track 9.  In the  movie where the shark finally suceeds in tacking the guy in the estuary, I  never noticed the six 'shark theme' notes played dramatically.  When I  first listened to it on my discman, it scared the crap out of me.  For  anyone who doesn't have it yet, my advice is to order it or go out to the  fine CD stores near you and buy it!
B00004W5UA|2.0|I'll admit that after watching 'Fight Club' I felt disturbed. Deeply disturbed in fact. I felt like my brain had just engaged in its own  personal fight club and had emerged in a battered state. Does this mean  that 'Fight Club' is a good movie? Not necessarily, although it does  feature some fine acting and a great soundtrack. <br />Taking a very obvious  cue from A Clockwork Orange, Fight Club aims to reshape our conventional  views on modern day, capitalist society. While it is successful in showing  how dull and lifeless society has become, the end results are mostly of a  superficial nature. Seeing two men pummel each other relentlessly is indeed  disturbing, as is the movie's cinematography, which includes many stop  action sequences and extreme close-ups of faces beaten beyond recognition.  However, like a bad acid trip, the questions spawned here are mostly  shallow and repetitive, questions such as 'Why do we live in such a  consumer-based society that cares only for appearances and glosses over our  basic animalistic nature?' However, thought-provoking this might be, it's  been asked before and more effectively as well. A Clockwork Orange was more  selective and discreet in trying to shock the viewer and in fact, most of  the violence and depravity was left to the viewer's imagination. Fight  Club, on the other hand, follows the distinctly American trend of leaving  nothing to the imagination, lest the audience miss the point director David  Fincher is trying to make. Pandering to the lowest common denominator is a  far too common occurrence in today's Hollywood, whether it's manipulative  melodrama such as Magnolia or the not-so-subtle religious commentary of  Dogma.  Kubrick's masterpiece and more contemporary pieces such as Mike  Leigh's Naked offer far more thought-provoking commentaries on the human  condition, with the viewer holding as much responsibility as the director  for figuring out what the problem is and how to solve it. <br />What does  separate Fight Club from the rest of the Hollywood scrap heap is an opening  30 minute sequence involving different therapy groups (hilarious and moving  at the same time) and some exemplary acting. Edward Norton plays the part  of the business drone at the perfect pitch and pace, allowing his hidden  mean streak to slowly but surely emerge to the surface. As for Brad Pitt,  well he manages the near-impossible task of making us forget about his Joe  Black alter-ego. Hopefully, there will be no more Legends of the Fall or  Seven Years in Tibet for us to suffer through. However, both the riveting  opening act and the strength of the acting are soon lost in an orgy of  violence that quickly distills any point that Fincher is trying to make.  Also, it has become a bit passe to see movies where the inevitable 'twist'  at the end calls into question our assumptions about what has transpired  and how reliable the narrator may or may not be. Ever since Kaiser Soze  came out of the closet, scores of films have been scrambling to repeat the  formula with increasingly diminishing returns. <br />In this day of absurdly  high movie ticket prices, Fight Club certainly has enough 'bang for the  buck' to satisfy most viewers. Yet few people will leave this movie feeling  any more enlightened than they did prior to watching it.  Most will return  to their 9-to-5s and leave the fighting for the weekend.
B0000042MY|5.0|This has to be one of the best soundtracks i have ever heard, every song is beautifully composed and performed. This movie has to be one of my all  time favorites,I cant count how many times i have watched the movie and  listened to the soundtrack. on a professional level being a musician, i say  This soundtrack is 5 stars...
0440219078|5.0|I read this book in 8th grade, 2 years ago.  I can only say one thing about this book: amazing.  The style in which Lowery writes is perfect, wonderful, spell-binding.  While this book has come under much criticism  for being too &quot;sexed&quot;, it definetly isn't.  I recommend this book  for anyone in 6th grade or above.  It contains a strong message that only a  talented writer could convey; and that Lois Lowery is.
0060931671|4.0|A more accessible Pynchon, though this novel lacks none of the metaphorical significance of his other novels, I chose to give it four  stars instead of five simply because it was so short.  It's not that I did  not enjoy the novel, it is one of the funniest books I've ever read in  fact, it's just that it does not seem as &quot;epic&quot; as his other  works.  Whereas &quot;V.&quot; was an ordeal, I finished &quot;The Crying  of Lot 49&quot; in a manner of days.  It is definitely worth the price  though, a hilarious satire on American culture, it almost could have been  included in &quot;V.&quot; because the basic plot of the two is similar:  someone searching for information about someone close to them who died,  their search revealing to them perhaps not quite what they were looking  for, but revealing to the reader the major metaphorical themes of both  books.  If anything, &quot;The Crying of Lot 49&quot; is more focused than  &quot;V.&quot; but part of what made &quot;V.&quot; so great were all the  obscure characters and situations pre-dating the war that were incorporated  in the quest, whereas in &quot;The Crying of Lot 49&quot; the whole of the  action takes place in Southern California in the 1960's.  On the whole a  great novel, just not Pynchon's best.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Antichrist Superstar is one of the best albems I have ever heard. I think it is his best albem also. Full of raw anger and great lyrics. A cd that  has made friends and of mine start bands of there own including myself. I  think listening to this cd will widein you musical interest.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I dont know if I would call this, or any album, &quot;the greatest of all time.&quot; Having said that, everytime I listen to this record I hear  something new.The songs show true imagination,creativity, and  musicianship,especially &quot;Dont Talk(Put Your Head on my  Shoulder),Wouldnt it Be nice, and the truly beautiful  &quot;Caroline,No.&quot;I am a musician and songwriter myself,and this  record along with Sergeant Peppers,Rubber Soul, and Revolver, challenges me  every time I listen to it.
0783243499|4.0|Mmmkay, I was trying to read all of the reviews but I stopped after realizing THERE WERE ONLY TWO VIEWPOINTS.. like the same person just  assumed different alteregos. Anyway, I really enjoyed this movie (which if  you don't know is based on the novel of the same name). The recreation of  the overall mood one felt in the 80's (I lived through the 80's, but I was  very young) was dead-on, men in business suits, yammering on about where  they should &quot;do lunch&quot;, no personalities. This movie is about one  Patrick Bateman (get it? Bates? Bateman?), a handsome young businessman in  the world of fast-cash, easy money. Despite his seemingly normal facade he  hides something sinister. Something which makes him feel the need to murder  in order to feel the slightest HINT of emotion or &quot;shock&quot;. <br />    Okay, now I know alot of people here are saying the movie was about this  guy, Patrick, losing his mind and eventually killing a homeless man  etcetera etcetera. They think that it's about how... blah blah.. some guy  is tired of his lot in life. They're missing the point. It's about how  people can be so jaded that they don't realize who they may be talking to.  In the novel it covers this. In the novel there are two scenes mentioned  that nobody ever discusses. One involves the retelling of a cruise Bateman  took in which everybody on board (save him, imagine that) was butchered  with an axe. Another is where he is recalling a time in college where he  decapitates a female coed and hangs her from a tree. Mmmhmm, so you see, he  was ALWAYS insane.. he didn't BECOME insane. Well, that's that.. all in all  I thought it was a great movie, but if they added that little flashback it  could have cleared some of the confusion up.
B00004TLMC|4.0|I rented this before, the previews looked interestig so I decided to rent it, well I did see this my friend didn't like it there was NO POINT to the  ending.....Tom Cruise is a good actor. Enjoy!
6304140428|5.0|This is the only truly great movie Burton and Taylor ever made and it's magnificent. Easily Taylor's greatest performance, it is also Richard  Burton's finest hour. Finally he is able to harness his propensity to  overact and he gives a tour de force performance as the hen-pecked George.  Burton utterly dominates the movie, though Taylor has the superior role and  wittier lines. The subtlety that Burton brings to the character of George  is mesmerizing to watch, he is alternately whipped and dominant, funny and  then full of pathos. A magnificent performance!<br />The interplay between  George and Martha is exquisite. As a purely dialogue-driven movie, the  acting must be superlative or interest will flag. There is no danger of  that, not only is the script brilliant but the acting supports the dialogue  at every turn.<br />This is a riveting movie from first to last, one of the  great American films. The acting, direction by Mike Nichols and understated  cinematography add up to a masterpiece.
0783225776|5.0|This movie is the epitome of what a college movie should be!  Belushi by far is the show stealer, as Bluto Blutosky, and all the characters make  this &quot;fraternity&quot; rock!  Sure this movie may have inspired some  craziness for us when we went through college, but come on!  If you want  something more modern, try PCU, but no movie about college or fraternities  will ever compare to the funny, crazy, and greatness of what was produced  in National Lampoon's Animal House!
B00000163G|5.0|This album is 2 Pac's best album he ever made, I like it better than his greatest hits. This is a album that you need to have.
B0000027I6|5.0|Quite simply this is Roger Waters best solo work. I don't think I realized it until I saw Roger in concert, but these are songs you can remember and sing in your head. They are catchy and deep. From a portrayal of a greedy God in \\"What God Wants\\" to \\"It all makes perfect sense\\" with a guest appearance by Marv Albert, this cd can hold its own against any pink floyd cd. I think the song it all makes perfect sense became particularly relevant in the wake of September 11.  In a world driven by profit and greed, in fact, not a lot does make sense.  Waters wrote a book to accompany this cd which I would also suggest that you buy.
1577311523|5.0|It's difficult to write a review of &quot;The Power Of Now&quot; without imparting a message which I am sure Eckhart Tolle would say himself!  BE IN THE NOW!   Seemingly - such a simple message, but how many of us can do  this?  The dissolution of the past and future = infinity.  Yes it works!   <br />The knowledge contained within this book is way beyond anything I have  ever read or exeperienced in my 43 years of existence.  I regard this book  nothing short of a catylist for perhaps taking human cocsciousnous to a  much needed &quot;higher level&quot;.<br />What else can I say?  I am buying  and giving this masterpeice to everyone I know.  I sincerely hope that  &quot;The Power Of Now&quot; empowers you, - as it did me.  <br />If you want  to court infinity, - be in the now!  It's everything you have been  searching for!
0064407667|4.0|If you love Edward Gorey, The Far Side, or Daniel Pinkwater, you should give these books a try.  Their dark, elaborate sense of humor had me and my  7-year-old daughter laughing out loud as we read to one another.  <br />The  two opening sentences are &quot;If you are interested in stories with happy  endings, you would be better off reading some other book. In this book, not  only is there no happy ending, there is no happy beginning and very few  happy things in the middle.&quot;<br />If that makes you laugh, you'll like  this book.  Otherwise, feel free to go read Garfield Book 47.
6305807043|5.0|Cool. Original. Funny as hell. Acted well.  A disappointment? Not at all.  A triumph of film making? Yes. <br />It doesn't matter if you love it or hate  it. You still have to say this was one of the most intriguing movies ever.
0671775308|5.0|When it comes to money you can spend in one of two ways: on things that  are tension relieving or wealth achieving.This book will attract only those  who are wealth achieving, and who also enjoy a great lifestyle.This is one  of two great books that I read this year, the other being Direct from Dell  by Michael Dell. By the way, I am sure that Mr. Dell also follows the  principles in this book. How else did he become the 9th richest person in  the world? Certaintly not by spending everything he earned. (particularly  in his early business days)I can understand the negative reviews, I was  once a heavy spender myself, live for today, don't worry about tommorrow.I  was also always broke and embarrassed. But looked real good with new cars,  clothes and things.I gave this book out as a accessory gift at a recent  graduation and at my oldest daughters wedding. Millionaire Next Door and  Direct from Dell are must reads.
6305905401|5.0|But I was too impressed with it. Sure, it had some flaws; all movies do.  But &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; makes up in story, dialogue, acting, and  overall atmosphere for any mistakes it made. <br />Johnny Depp is perfect for  the part of Dean Corso. As are the other actors in their own roles. <br />For  the most part, it's really like reading a book on TV. One thing leads to  another, and another, and another. <br />Definitely a step above the other  religious/horror movies that have come out recently.
B00000J7JO|4.0|With all of the terrible music coming out today (Korn, Limp Bizkit, Kid  Rock and Eminem, to name a few), it's always nice to see a good album come  out.  Californiacation is definitely a good album.  The songs are catchy  and the lyrics are meaningful (not just random swear words coming out in  anger, which is really stupid).  I do not give this CD 5 stars, because,  honestly, besides the 4 big songs so far (Around The World, Scar Tissue,  Otherside, and my personal favorite Californiacation), the songs are not  outstanding, however, you can definitely listen to this whole CD the whole  way through without skipping past bad songs, because there aren't any.   These guys have talent, and if you actually appreciate good music, you will  definitely like this CD.
0684833395|4.0|Catch-22, which, Shakespeare-like, added a new word to the language, is a  funny book on one level, but not so funny when viewed from a different  angle.  Many reviews and opinions of this book mention the phrases  &quot;anti-war&quot; and &quot;pacifist&quot;.  I do not see anti-war  sentiment in this novel (a la Johnny Got His Gun or All Quiet on the  Western Front)- rather, I see a criticism of the military itself.  While  the doings of Milo, Cathcart, Major Major, etc. are a bit exaggerated, they  simply reflect common procedure not just in the service, but in any large  bureaucratic organization...  think about your own work experiences!<br />I  found the book to be a bit tedious near the end (the whole incident with  Nately's whore and after); it is almost as if Heller was afraid to go  &quot;all the way&quot; with the experimentally hilarious style which  carries the book up until that point, and settled for a more traditional  ending.  In any case, it's an enjoyable and thought-provoking novel.
B0000004WM|3.0|When Samantha Fox pens a song she sure knows how to make you feel it.   &quot;Nothing You Do, Nothing You Say&quot; is the best track here along  with a few others, &quot;Another Woman&quot;, &quot;Just One Night&quot;,  &quot;Pleasure Zone&quot;, and &quot;Spirit of America.&quot;  Check out  her I Wanna Have Some Fun cd she co-wrote another great song named  &quot;Confession.&quot;
B00000I07R|4.0|Bon Jovi, in 1993, basically suprised the world with Keep the Faith.  In  the middle of the grunge storm, when hair bands were exiled from the  charts, Bon Jovi proved they could rise above their contemporaries, subtly  changing their image to a more serious, quasi-Aerosmith sound, relying on  themselves for songs and inspiration, and putting out a great album that  kept rock and roll on the map.<br />  Keep the Faith, like New Jersey, finds  the band in their own identity.  The bass-heavy production emphasizes  rhythm over Sambora's guitar licks, and Jon was singing stronger than he  ever had on songs like I Believe and Bed of Roses.  The album's overall  sound was less party-hearty, the uptempo numbers like Blame it on the Love  of Rock and Roll, Lil Bit of Soul, and I'll Sleep when I'm Dead almost  sound half-hearted, while the big, epic numbers like Bed of Roses and  especially Dry County are where the band finally realizes the potential it  always had within it.<br />  To elaborate, Dry County is easily the best song  Bon Jovi ever put out and this album is worth buying for this overlooked  gem alone.  Think Wanted Dead or Alive, extended by 5 minutes.  It's a  harsh story of greed, human nature, and human spirit, featuring Jon singing  at his best, some beautiful keyboards by David Bryan, and Richie Sambora's  best guitar solo that he ever laid down, with or without the band.  It's  the band's firm affirmation that, not only are they more than an '80's  party band', but that they always were more.  <br />  Other than Dry County  and the few other killer album tracks like If I was Your Mother (which  finds Bon Jovi taking 90's style angst and running with it full-speed),  this album had 3 hit singles, amazing considering the time it was  released.. Bed of Roses and In these Arms got plenty of airplay, while Keep  the Faith (the track) had MTV's full support as no other 80's bands were  even trying anymore.<br />  Keep the Faith will please just about any Bon Jovi  fan, and it contains the band's best song.  It's worth the pickup.
B000021Y77|4.0|Ever wonder &quot;What If&quot;?  What if you had done things just a  little differently, or what if you had done it a second earlier?  What  would the outcome be?  How would it change?  Find out just how much change  there can be in Run Lola Run, where our heroine relives the same  high-paced, action packed 20 minutes three times, each with a different  outcome.  Awesome heavy German dance music - great soundtrack.  Available  in both English dubbed, and original German format with subtitles.  I love  this movie!
B00000I07Q|4.0|Bon Jovi, after 2 mediocre albums that only hinted at their potential, burst into the rock stratosphere with Slippery When Wet, which remains one  of the best-selling rock albums in America.  It was a solid, thoroughly  enjoyable rock romp the entire way through, and it was definitley a hard  task to follow it up.<br />  From the opening, thunderous beat of 'Lay Your  Hands on Me', the listener knows that Bon Jovi was more than up to the  task.  More importantly than the quality of music, however, is that Bon  Jovi (the man and the band) finally seem to be finding their own musical  identity.  Their songs rely more on rhythmic grooves than Richie Sambora's  riffs, and the songwriting is less reliant on Desmond Child and more  reliant on their own talents, Jon especially, who steps into his own on the  hit ballad 'Living in Sin', which hinted at his solo potential that he  would later realize.  <br />  Boundries are pushed with half-epics like Blood  on Blood, even if it's a total Born to Run ripoff (hell, the choruses are  almost interchangable).  But this is a good thing, it shows that the band  is incorporating their influences more, and relying on trendy imagery less.   Other songs hint at this too, like Wild is the Wind and 99 in the Shade.   The band had a couple more hits with the irresistable Bad Medicine, the  keyboard-driven, infectious Born to Be My Baby, and the lovely, if not  cliched, I'll Be There For You.<br />  New Jersey doesn't come across as the  Slippery When Wet clone that one would think, sure, it re-uses the formula,  but that's to be expected when following up such a monsterous hit.  New  Jersy is Bon Jovi's first attempt at forging their own permenant niche in  rock, and it wasn't perfect (a couple of throwaway tracks ruin the  otherwise perfect feel), but it would definitley prepare most listeners for  the occasional breakthroughs their future work would bring, even if it took  the band a while to get to that point.  Overall, a pivotal album for one of  rock's greatest bands.
B000002H2H|5.0|This album is Metallica at their finest. It's a huge improvement from Kill 'Em All, and displays amazing musical talent and songwriting skills. This  is not as heavy as Master of Puppets or ...And Justice For All but it still  rocks.<br />Fight Fire With Fire: The classical intro is a great start to a  really heavy song, maybe the heaviest on the album. A dark song about the  end of the world by nuclear war. Really fast and heavy, but maybe a bit  overdone.<br />Ride the Lightning: The second best. This is awesome. This is  real Metallica. Nice and heavy, and driving right along, it totally makes  you want to be able to play the song yourself or at least air guitar it.  You won't be able to keep still during this song. If you haven't heard Ride  the Lightning, you haven't heard Metallica.<br />For Whom the Bell Tolls: This  is really just classic hard rock. Simple without a full-blown solo, but  this is a head-banger. The third best song on the album. The simple,  rocking melody with a steady beat makes it an all-time classic. It'll  surprise you how much you like it.<br />Fade to Black: The haunting intro, the  minor, mournful heavy guitar, and the melodic feel of the whole thing make  Fade to Black Metallica's best song. The band's best songwriting. Hetfield  is singing about depression (and in the end suicide) and this mood gives it  its atmosphere. Listening to this song will make you wonder why in the  bloody world people like N'Sync, Backstreet Boys, and Britney  Spears.<br />Trapped Under Ice: This song begins with a full-blown,   blistering guitar solo. It is very fast-paced and driving, but is not their  best song, and it doesn't have the best melody.<br />Escape: This has a few  good melodic parts, but you get tired of it. It is still better than  Trapped Under Ice, though, and has a good message.<br />Creeping Death: A  really awesome song about the Biblical exodus. A mind-blowing guitar  melody, and really fast and driving. Also included: great solo at speed of  light. A great song. Just another great part of this album.<br />The Call of  Ktulu: An amazing instrumental with a lot of classical influence. This is  an awesome song, and the more you listen to it, the more you'll like it. A  great song for serious heavy metal songwriters and axe players.<br />If you  like Metallica, you must get this album. Real Metallica fans have this  album. Or if you just like heavy metal. Or just get it anyway. You've got  to have it, it is Metallica at their classical, rocking best. What's more,  the more you listen to it, the more you'll like it, which is something I  can't say for a lot of bands.
B00004T1NA|5.0|This album is yet another step forward in the musical journey of PT.  The  only thing that PT hasn't done since Signify is make a spacy, floating  song.  But, this album has incredible music on it, especially the songs  Lightbulb Sun, Last Chance To...., Four Chords that...., and Hatesong.   Definately a step forward from Stupid Dream.  There is just something about  this band that other bands in the prog\rock category lack.  One of those  things might be a singer.  Steven Wilson of PT has a great voice.  Buy an  album by this band!!! If you like spacier music buy The Sky Moves Sideways.   If you like poppier shorter songs buy Lightbulb Sun.  But either way you  won't be disappointed!!
0380002930|4.0|I thought this book was awesome!! Towards the end  Richard Adams actually  succeeded in turning me into a rabbit. My heart was racing just like a  bunny. I recommend this book to any age group. If you read it when you were  younger read it again. It is a powerful story.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Friends, this confused album of mistakes, outtakes and third rate tunes does no justice whatsoever to an otherwise talented bunch of lads.  The  nine members (0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, but bizarrely no number nine, a  number with historically satanic implications) leave behind the acapella  harmonies and Beach Boys style choirboy vocals of their debut smash 'Middle  of Nowhere' and proceed in a completely different direction.  Sadly, they  did not seem to know where they were going and as a consequence we should  not be surprised that they did not get there.  In place of the sweet and  innocent ditties we get poorly written faux-angst lyrics by grown men (four  of the band, despite their claims to the contrary, are over 35) who really  should know better.  A clever marketing ploy has seen the group marketed as  the 'voice of young America', but we all know that a more accurate  description would be the 'Voice of young, inarticulate, emotionally  retarded and physically stunted white, middle class urban America'.  Oh  yes, for it is true.  For those who want to listen to musicians who are  capable of expressing real pain, I heartily reccommend the work of Phil  Collins (who is a better percussionist than those featured on this hound of  an album), or, better yet, Kenny G.  Still, it could be worse - people  could actually start taking this band seriously.  Adios, comrades.  (glen_g_taylor@hotmail.com)
6304071906|5.0|&quot;Heaven's Gate&quot; may be, in fact, the &quot;biggest&quot; movie  flop of all time, it may be incredibly and dubiously self-indulgent, but if  God would strike me down, it, in my opinion, is one of the greatest films  ever made! Michael Cimino was probably known as the &quot;ego-man&quot;  after this was made. This man rebuilt sets that were already sufficiently  built, annoyed actors with taking about fifty takes to get right which  wasn't already perfect, made a film without audience potential, edited it  only down to just under four hours, but he put up with a lot of rappaport  in his post-production, and he didn't let this get him down, even though  his career never recovered. In my opinion, Michael Cimino is a man of  courage because he has to live with a flop on his hands every day of his  life.    This is a beautiful film in numeroius aspects. Kris Kristofferson  always hasn't had any acting talent but in thsi film, it can be said that  he's found his niche. Personally, I would have liked if John Hurt's  alcoholism would have been explored more and that tiny subplot might leave  some people cold because it's never quite explained. David Mansfield's  score is breathtaking, contrary to some opinions. Some people who I showed  it to said that it reminded them of &quot;The Godfather,&quot; another  sprawling epic.      This, undoubtedly, was a fdilm to take note of... and  still is- it's a filmmakers' swan song. This film has a lot to be said of  it- mainly because it is talked about my so many and seen by so little. The  name itself has become synonymous with the word &quot;flop.&quot; It's a  lesson to filmmakers, a beautiful love story, sprawling epic value, and a  little told story of a destroyed American Dream. It should be seen by  anyone wanting to enter the business and should be seen before  &quot;Citizen Kane.&quot; People who talk of it as a flop probably won't be  disappointed.<br />This film is Rated R for profanity, violence, nudity, and  for  Christopher Walken's coarpse. Ugh!<br />Daniel Kremer, film critic and  filmmaker
B00000DHRZ|4.0|not as good as smash or ixnay on the hombre, this cd is pretty good. songs  like no brakes, have you ever, staring at the sun, the end of the line, and  americana are good songs. the offspring didn't sellout. there new cd will  sound like there old stuff.
0446677450|5.0|Absolutely the hottest thing for people who are looking to dosomething about their financial position in life. Robert, his teachings, and his books are already helping thousands do that...You'll find people making money with no money. It doesn't take money to make money. That's one of Robert's major points. It does take a willing mind. I don't remember the $52,000 endowment from a friend that another reviewer refers to (in fact, I didn't really remember anything from the book that supports what that reviewer said -- she may have the wrong book). But this book and the two that come after it (Cashflow Quadrant and Rich Dad's Guide to Investing) are worth way more than their weight in gold as far as financial literacy is concerned. As far as it not being practical for those starting out, I am just starting out. This week I came upon a real estate deal that stands to make me $40,000 when it's finished with none of my own money down. To do this, I stayed up late (as late as 5AM) to get tons of help from people on the discussion forums on the richdad site who have completed similar deals.  I also watched two other people on Oprah tell of successes using Robert's principles. One increased his income per year by $52,000. No, his &quot;friend&quot; didn't give it to him. He did it himself. Now if all this sounds like too much work, then don't bother. You won't be willing to do what he recommends. Keep watching &quot;Who Wants to Be a Millionaire&quot;, buying lottery tickets, and wishing. Keep working 2080 plus hours per year for a paycheck that averages about $30,000 per year (in the US) and let the government keep taking half of it.  As far as the book being &quot;poorly written&quot;, heck it was written well enough for me to understand it. Rich Dad didn't finish high school so he probably didn't know how to dissect a sentence and tell you what the verbs, nouns, adjectives, etc are. Since Robert finished college but learned how to become wealthy from Rich Dad, he probablyknows but doesn't care.  I learned a long time ago to see beyond typos, gramatical errors, and spelling errors to find the real wealth of knowledge underneath. My gosh, this isn't a high school test, this is LIFE. Which skills do you want more ? Ones that set you free or ones that keep you in bondage ? This book has a ton of the stuff that'll set you free if you're willing to listen, learn, and do. If not, then fine. I'd also ignore all the other wealth building books because they don't have the get rich quick formula either. You'll smell work in every one of them. If you're looking for a handout, that smell will make you want to throw up. The reviewer that wrote the bad review is right that we probably won't see a bunch of new millionaires from the book. Most people won't do the work. A lot of people will read Rich Dad Poor Dad, put it down around 11PM, say &quot;must be nice&quot; roll over, go to sleep and continue in the rut the next day. Home to work to home to work to home to work to home to work to home to work to home. TGIF, pay bills, buy lottery tickets, watch Who Wants to be A Millionaire, do it again.  For those that are inspired as I was, to become financially literate and financially free, read on and know that there are others out here like you who will move forward and become millionaires. The next two books have tons of info on the doing part. So does the website.
0553278223|4.0|Not the book to read if you want a 'normal' story. When I closed the book,  I wasn't exactly sure what I had just read, but I knew It was good. The  many scenes are different and confusing, but in a nice, ominous sort of  way.
630463949X|4.0|To me, this group remains a reference when speaking about american music.  Great collection of songs. It's a pity that Stevie Nicks lost part of her  voice capacity. Image quality is fair, but NTSC is always below the  european PAL system, which has a higher definition. I agree with other  reviewers that Digital 5.1 sound of this DVD is not crystal-clear, like  Eagles or the last Sting DTS CDs for example, but you forgive because of  the overall quality of the songs themselves.
0786915749|5.0|This is a great book in a great series. Perhaps the best fantasy series  around. The characters are very well developed. It's hard not to care what  happens to them.
B00000064G|5.0|DON'T BUY THIS CD-WAIT FOR THE NEW REMASTERED VERSION. I BOUGHT THE BOXSET  4 WEEKS AGO ONLY TO DISCOVER THAT NEWLY REMASTERED VERSIONS OF ALL THE  RECORDINGS CONTAINED THEREIN ARE SOON TO COME OUT IN THE USA.  I'M TOLD  THEY'RE AVAILABLE IN NYC AND SOUND MUCH BETTER THAN THE OLD VERSIONS.  WAIT  TO BUY THE DEFINITIVE VERSIONS BECAUSE YOU SIMPLY MUST HAVE ALL THE NICK  DRAKE RECORDINGS IN YOUR COLLECTION AND WHY NOT HAVE THE BEST SOUNDING TOO?   HEADS UP Y'ALL.
B000002UAX|5.0|after listening to this album, it's quite difficult to fathom why amazon.com doesn't rank this album as an essential beatles recording.  to  be honest, this is the essential recording of all-time.  the album is  frayed, with the varying genres, but the excellence in the executions of  these emulations are part of the beauty.  this album is simply the greatest  ever made.  for a beatles beginner, i would suggest &quot;sgt. pepper&quot;  only because of the tightness of the album as a whole.  but this album  still is the greatest record ever recorded.  with such beautiful ballads as  &quot;dear prudence,&quot; &quot;i will,&quot; and &quot;blackbird,&quot;  and such genius songs as &quot;while my guitar gently weeps (eric clapton  guest guitars on the solo i believe)&quot; and &quot;julia,&quot; the album  is remarkable for its depth and unquestionable influence.  &quot;helter  skelter&quot; shows the beginning of all punk, heavy metal, and hard rock.   without it, there would be no sonic youth.  without &quot;cry baby  cry&quot; syd barret would not get any psychadelic competition or  motivation.  this album is very catchy and multi-layered, hence, any  first-time listener will love it, and any experienced beatles listener will  love it too.  &quot;the white album&quot;: perfect.
1885283148|5.0|I found this book by referral from other's reviews of lesser astronaut  books.  Several reviews said, in effect, &quot;don't read this book but  find yourself a copy of Carrying the Fire.&quot;  So I did and now I know  what they meant.<br />Michael Collins was the third astronaut on the famous  Apollo 11 flight that landed on the moon in July, 1969.  Unfortunately,  because he wasn't one of the two in the Lunar Module, he isn't often  mentioned.  He stayed in lunar orbit as the Command Module Pilot.  This  book is Collins' telling of what it was like to be an astronaut, both in  the Gemini and Apollo programs.  He talks about the astronaut selection  process, and what it was like to go through it.  And he tells the story -  from a very personal perspective, of what it was like, what he felt, what  he worried about, what angered him, and well...you get the idea - of  preparing for and flying a Gemini and Apollo mission.<br />Because this is his  story, and his first person telling of the story, there isn't really  anything here about the lunar landing itself.  Rather, he talks about what  he was doing when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed and walked on the  moon.<br />I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  It often made me laugh out loud and  I certainly believe that I now know how Collins felt during his tenure as  one of America's Astronauts.  I found the book both well-written and  engaging.  I also found, to my surprise, that this is a humble, revealing  and candid story.  Highly recommended if you are interested in the genre.
B00004TWZF|5.0|In the Summer Cinema under the stars next to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea in Monaco, I experienced the original (I suppose it's the European version after all I've read here) version of this unforgettable masterpiece  for the first time.  Luc Besson created and filmed the, based on fact,  competition between freediving (diving to incredible depths without tanks)  champions Jacques and Enzo, as the ethereal experience that the  aching-to-be-active layman can only hope it to be.  Roseanne Arquette  (granted, as a ditsy blonde) brought welcome levity, yearning and romance  to the story as we experienced the drastically varying levels of the  storyline through her eyes, many of which she herself was unaware.<br />The  imagery, romance and chilling soundtrack (Eric Serra, who also did La Femme  Nikita) of The Big Blue haunted me until I purchased the CD soundtrack (in  France) ....
630460291X|5.0|&quot;Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves&quot; is a rolicking adventure ride  that will please most people.  If ya can't get past the accents, then miss  out on a good movie.<br />Let me clear a few things up:<br />1.  &quot;Robin  Hood: Prince of Thieves&quot; was on a tight production schedule.  There  were three (count 'em, three) Robin Hood movies being produced at the same  time, and the one to come out finished first would be the one released in  theatres.  One production gave up and backed out.  That left two Robin Hood  movies - one with Kevin Costner, and one with Patrick Bergen.<br />2.  Because  of the tight schedule, Kevin Costner's accent was dropped to be  &quot;dubbed over&quot; in post production.  They simply didn't have the  time to worry about accents if they wanted to get the movie finished.<br />3.   Filming complete, the dubbing was dropped because of lack of time and the  movie was finished.  &quot;Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves&quot; was released  theatre-wide, whereas the Patrick Bergen version was slated for TV.<br />Now  that I have the little niggling thing about accents straightened up, get  passed it and watch the movie for what it was intended:  pure  entertainment.<br />There is plenty of humor - from Little John's river  fighting antics and his wife's bantering, to the Sheriff of Nottingham's  humorous frustrations (&quot;why a spoon, cousin, why not an ax&quot; -  &quot;Because it's dull, you twit, it will hurt more!&quot;), the viewer is  not disappointed.  The entire cast was enjoyable to watch, and the  costuming was superb.  The lush green of the forests (the movie was filmed  in the forests of Nottingham - which proved to be a problem - the airport  is nearby) is captured wonderfully on film, as well as the forest  &quot;homes&quot; Robin Hood and his Merry Men have taken refuge in.<br />I  rather enjoyed this movie because Kevin Costner's Robin Hood was a Robin  Hood for the 90's.  He was intelligent, witty, and funny, the way we  picture him to be.  Go ahead: rent the movie and lose yourself in a great  adventure flick.
B00004TWZF|5.0|In the Summer Cinema under the stars next to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea in Monaco, I experienced the original (I suppose it's the European  version after all I've read here) version of this unforgettable masterpiece  for the first time.  Luc Besson created and filmed the, based on fact,  competition between freediving (diving to incredible depths without tanks)  champions Jacques and Enzo, as the ethereal experience that the  aching-to-be-active layman can only hope it to be.  Roseanne Arquette  (granted, as a ditsy blonde) brought welcome levity, yearning and romance  to the story as we experienced the drastically varying levels of the  storyline through her eyes, many of which she herself was unaware.<br />The  imagery, romance and chilling soundtrack (Eric Serra, who also did La Femme  Nikita) of The Big Blue haunted me until I purchased the CD soundtrack (in  France) and finally the PAL VHS version of the film in England (to be  viewed countless times).  I unfortunately loaned the video 4 years ago to  an East German acquaintance who was learning English and never received it  back.  I look forward to re-purchasing this, my favorite film.  Hmmm, do I  buy DVD or VHS?
B000002UAO|5.0|Oh Yes 1965 was a big year for the Beatles there lyrics and sound was maturing at lightning speed and they started to experiment with drugs and  this album is living proof. Oh such great songs, you got you basic rock  songs Drive My car and Run For Life. John's song's are just perfect and  with Nowhere Man, In My Life and Norwegian Wood he really shows how truly  gifted he is. Oh yeah he also constructs a truly inspiring tune called  Girl. Then theres George with If I Needed Someone and Think For Yourself  which were really his first classic songs. Paul Cranks out a lovely ballad  called Michelle and the underrated I'm Looking Through You. Overall all The  Songs are great and I highly reccomend this album.
6305897786|3.0|The search for the ninth gate was very interesting.  Tracking down old  dusty tomes around the world searching for the true steps to open the ninth  gate was very intriguing.  However, at the end of the movie many questions  were left unanswered.  What was the ninth gate?  Who was the beautiful  woman who could fly? What happens?!?  I wasn't disappointed by the movie,  but I was frustrated that some of these questions were never answered.
B000002UAI|4.0|No Reply, Im A Loser, Eight Days a Week, I Dont want to Spoil the Party, how can an album with these classics be considered bad or the Beatles  worst. Sorry folks but Yellow Submarine is there worst. Every Little Thing,  Baby's in Black are great and somewhat underrated. The covers are great  exept for Mr.Moonlight. For Sale is a step down from there previous work  but still great and baldy underrated.
B0000019PA|5.0|So much has already been said, but this album is so incredible that I felt compelled to add something.  I picked this album up after this list of the 100 most compelling albums of the '90's listed it in the top five....  The list agreed w/ my musical  tastes and I bought it without hearing it and knowing essentially nothing  about it.<br />Boy was I surprised.  It was so much better than I could have  ever expected.  It was not like a Radiohead CD, I was hooked from the first  chord of the first song.  The music is amazing and good (this is a first  for me) in almost every situation.  I like to drive to it and I also like  to listen to it late at night with the lights out.  It is one of the most  eclectic albums I've ever heard and features instruments I've never heard  of before.  Where else do you find singing saws.<br />The vocals, as everyone  else has said, are not perfect (far from it) but are undeniably sincere and  genuine.  Jeff sounds as if he is constantly on the verge of a breakdown or  a revelation.  Everything seems of infinite importance.  Even though the  lyrics seem like complete nonsense at first, they grow on you. <br />This is  not my favorite CD of all time, but it makes a case for it.  Nothing can  topple OK Computer from that top spot (until Kid A maybe), but this CD is  absolutely essential no matter what type of music you like.<br />The best  songs are &quot;Holland 1945&quot; and both &quot;Two Headed Boy&quot;  parts.<br />As  someone else said, even though you can't make sense of many of  the lyrics, you know they're true and genuine.<br />buy it {{{milo}}}
B000002UAF|5.0|This was the first album of Lennon/McCartney originals and quess what  there all great. Can't buy me love,title track and I should of known better  are classics. But wait it also features And I Love Her and Things we said  today two of Pauls Best Ballads from the early days. And what a way to  close an album with I'll be Back. This is defentily the best album before  rubber soul and I reccomend buying this first if you want to get into early  beatles
B000002TQV|5.0|This album amazes me.  I was one of the many who bought OK Computer before the Bends.  I listened to OK Computer for a good 6 months before I picked  up this album.  I just did not want to be dissapointed by Radiohead after  OK Computer.  OK Computer was to me then, and still is now, my favorite  album of all time.  It encompasses so many emotions, but that is for  another review.<br />The Bends did not disappoint me, but instead proved to me  the versatility of Radiohead.  While definitely not as brilliant, it was  much more fun, it was listenable even at the first listening.  From Planet  Telex (one of the worst songs on the album) to Street Spirit (one of the  Best).  Radiohead shows they can write catchy songs that are still  incredibly emotional.  The reason it is not as good as OK Computer is that  it is not as coherent, it doesn't flow as well.  The music is not as mature  and it as not as emotional.<br />The songs themselves, taken out of the  context of the album, are easily the equals of those on OK Computer,  however.  Two of my favorite Radiohead songs come off this album: The Bends  and Fake Plastic Trees.  This is the Radiohead album that I drive to.  This  is what I listen to when I get dressed in the morning.  This is what I  listen to when I don't want to necessarily concentrate too much on the  music, but still want to be inspired.  I listen to OK Computer late at  night when I want brilliance, when I want art, when I want emotion.  I  listen to The Bends when I want good, deep, music.<br />later {{{milo}}}
B000002UB3|5.0|Yes along with revolver and the white album this is on the beatles finest  moments. Abbey Road is the Beatles first time using symphesisors in there  music (this is also one of the first albums using symphesisors) but the  beatles use it at a steady pace. The songs are incredible Come Together and  I Want You(She So Heavy) are instant Lennon classics. I love how I Want You  unexpecely shuts off and goes to the gentle &quot;Here Comes The Sun (well  on the cd at least) Pauls songs are great, Oh Darling is a great rocker  with somewhat raw vocals by Paul and Maxwells Silver Hammer is underrated.  Even Ringo has a pretty good tune with Octopuse's Garden. With George's  supreme work over the few years it is no suprise that his two songs  (Something&amp;Here Comes The Sun) are the best on this album.  &quot;Because&quot; finds John most perfect voice and tone for any of his  Beatles tunes his voice is just perfect on this one. And the medly on side  two starting with You Never Give Me Your Money to The End is one of the  greatest moments in rock history.
B000002G8J|4.0|Though not in the same league with Clapton's best solo albums from the  1970s (that would be &quot;461 Ocean Boulevard&quot; and  &quot;Slowhand&quot;), &quot;Backless still contains enough good Clapton  performances to keep it interesting.  The best are the countryish  &quot;Promises,&quot; the bluesy &quot;Walk Out in the Rain,&quot; the  superbly rockin' &quot;Tulsa Time,&quot; and &quot;Watch Out for  Lucy.&quot;  The rest aren't quite as good but are a cut above your average  filler material.  This is the kind of album you can plug in and play in the  background without getting any nasty surprises.  Overall, its well worth a  listen for Clapton fans and for fans of 70s rock.
B000001C6M|5.0|wow this is an awesome debut. Its even better then metallica first album kill em all. Show no mercy is incredebely ballsy with some violent,  slaytanic lyrics and the album will sure kick your a**. All 10 of the songs  are winners. my favorites being face the slayer, black magic, tormentor,  crionics and of course Show No Mercy. This was the first Slayer album I  heard and is still my favorite out of all of them.
B000002L6U|4.0|This was Eric Clapton's mid-1980s &quot;comeback&quot; album that saw him  regain his place on rock radio and invade the video world of MTV for the  first time.  The singles &quot;Forever Man,&quot; &quot;She's Waiting&quot;  and &quot;See What Love Can Do&quot; are all first rate and among his best.  The rest of the album is spottier, containing lots of filler material.  Nevertheless, Clapton's return to the top of the charts was welcome at the  time and is a worthwhile listen for fans.
B000002UAR|5.0|WOW, theres not much I could say about this album accept it is argubly the best Beatles album and a candidate for the best album period. You got Rock,  LSD, Sitar, Lovely Ballads and even motown on this album. All of John's  song are pschydelic whether it be the dreary lyrics and backwards guiter  playing in I'm Only Sleeping, the surrealistic lyrics and massive tape  looping of Tommorrow Never Knows, or the story of a conversation while  tripping in She Said, She Said(which BTW is my personal Favorite on this  album. And Dr. Robert &amp; And Your Bird Can Sing just rock out. Pauls  song range in different styles, Eleanor Rigby is a very sad song but strong  song, For No One is also deppressing but equelly strong, BOTH CLASSICS and  of course the motown influenced Got To Get You Into My Life is Flawless,  gotta love those horns, man!. Here, There and Everywhere is a candidate for  one of The Beatles best ballads. George creates three great gems the anti  tax-theme Taxman, the sitar drenched Love You Too (George Sitar-eastern  influenced tunes are vastly underrated) and the great I want to tell tou.  And of Course Yellow Submarine some people dont like that song but you know  what I'm not one of those people, that song is just perfect for Ringo. And  theres also Good Day Sunshine, despite what people say is a good sond and  damn catchy
B000002G8H|5.0|&quot;Slowhand&quot; ranks along with &quot;461 Ocean Boulevard&quot; as  Eric Clapton's two finest solo albums.  Clapton scored one of his biggest  hits with the ace cover of J.J. Cale's &quot;Cocaine.&quot;  He also came  up with several of his best ever original songs in the ballad  &quot;Wonderful Tonight,&quot; and the bluesy &quot;Lay Down Sally.&quot;  Other classic cuts include the long jam &quot;The Core,&quot; and the  jealous lover's stern warning &quot;Next Time You See Her.&quot;  Clapton's  guitar has never sounded sweeter and his backing band is first rate.  This  album is a must have for Clapton fans as well as fans of 70s rock.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This is simply Sabbath's best. All the songs on this are great even the  short acoustic don't start (too late) and the haunting supertzar. Evreyone  who even has a slight interest in heavy metal should get this if just for  Symptom of the Universe which contains one of the best (and often  immitated) guiter riff that is certainly the blueprint for all heavy metal  bands to come this song is defintly one of the sabs best and is a absolute  classic. But IMO the best song on this album is the last track the 8 min  magnum opus &quot;The Writ&quot;what a perfect way to end a perfeect album.  Sabotage also contains to other sab classics Hole in the sky and the 9 1/2  min Megalomania. I still cant understand why this album didn't do that good  when it was first released. BUY IT NOW!
B000007R1A|5.0|Eric Clapton's solo career has been a series of ups and downs.  Among the former, none is better than &quot;461 Ocean Boulevard,&quot; which is one  of the best rock albums of the 1970s.  The big hits were the ace covers of  Bob Marley's &quot;I Shot the Sheriff&quot; and Johnny Otis's &quot;Willy  and the Hand Jive.&quot;  Other classic songs include &quot;Motherless  Children,&quot; &quot;Get Ready,&quot; &quot;Let it Grow&quot; and the  rockin' &quot;Mainline Florida.&quot;  This is not Clapton's most jamming  album, but it features the strongest and most diverse set of songs he ever  recorded.  His backing band is first rate as well.  Overall, a must have  for Clapton fans as well as fans of 70s rock.
0451163486|5.0|This, undoubtedly, is one of the better war espionage thrillers. As is the wont of this author, the depiction of \\"Die Nadel\\" is as vivid as ever. All  the characters really come alive as you read this book. One wonders if the  moviemakers were able to get all of Faber's viciousness, deadly intrigue,  cunning, deception, and high intelligence out of Donald Sutherland.  The  other characters like the British spy catchers (Godliman et al.), the  tragic newly-weds (David and Lucy Rose), Rommel and all the other stiff  German generals all combine to make this a very fast paced and addictive  thriller. You almost think \\"Die Nadel\\" is going to make his U-boat  rendezvous, only for Lucy Rose to display a streak of rare talent, which  makes her the ultimate heroine. Even Hitler and Churchill's cameos are what  we always thought they'd be. The portrayal of Faber and Lucy's passionate  moments also exposes the writer's gift of expression. One couldn't help but  notice the similarities between Henry Faber (\\"Die Nadel\\") and Alex Wolf of  \\"key to Rebecca\\". Not to mention the role of Lucy as unlikely heroine and  that of the young and beautiful (Jewish) nemesis of Alex Wolf's in \\"Key to  Rebecca\\". By and large, \\"Eye of the Needle\\" is a must read, and Ken Follet  is still one of the best writers of descriptive prose to ever tread the  terrain of literary fiction. I dare you to put this book down once you  start!
B000002LA2|2.0|&quot;August&quot; follows the trend of most 1980s Clapton albums.  Take a  couple of first rate singles (in this case &quot;Its in the Way That You  Use It&quot; and &quot;Tearing Us Apart&quot;) and place them on an album  full of filler material.  There is little else here that is memorable or  worth hearing more than a couple of times.  Overall, one of Clapton's  weaker albums.
0449911357|5.0|Fried Green Tomatoes is one of my favorite books because the book seems to touch the human soul so well.  I smiled over Dot Weem's newspaper columns.   I laughed about Idgie's childhood.  I scoffed at Frank Bennet's murder.   And I felt sorrow at the deep racism in the 1920's.  <br />The book takes  turns being mostly narrated by four women's lives: Ninny Threadgoode: the  old and cheery woman who gives strength to Evelyn and tells the story about  two women, Evelyn: the failed housewife and a victim of sexism who, in her  midlife crisis, turns into the revengeful &quot;Towanda&quot;, Ruth  Jamison: the gentle wife of an abusive husband, finding santuary in her  friends'love for her, and Idgie Threadgoode, strong and wild, the co-owner  of The Whistle Stop Cafe, and the &quot;love&quot; of Ruth's life.   Together, they weave a bittersweet story about love, friendship, and sorrow  that life brings to everyone.
0783230710|5.0|This movie is an excellent example of Ron Howard's talent. How this man  has not won or been nominated for an Academy Award I will never know. Maybe  people are still upset he wasted his time in front of the camera on Happy  Days and Andy Griffith. Anyway, when I saw this in the theater I was  impressed with the performances. I was impressed with the special effects.  Most of all I was impressed with the story and the script making the  situation as real as a docudrama can make this story be. I liked this movie  so much that I own both the DTS DVD and the VHS version.
0782008372|4.0|A great classic tale. For the price you can't pass it up. I am surprised at the lack of quality in this DVD. I found the audio problem immediatly and I am far from a critic. It suffered from the classic too quiet too  loud. I also felt the audio didn't quite sync well enough. I can only  assume that they had poor materials to work with. In any case if it was  value over perfection I would still by the value. As always it's good to  have a choice. Do you here that studios?
0060975768|5.0|This is an excellent book describing the Battle of Ia Drang. The book  features first person stories by the people who were on the ground; from  the commanding officer to the lowest enlisted man. The book reflects the  horrors of combat
B000002I99|5.0|I am 14 years old, and found this album in my dads loft about half a year ago. This album is timeless,a dn is a lot better than some heavy metal  bands out at the moment.Jewels on this album such as Stephen, Devils Food  and Black widow- cracks me up every time should have been on his greatest  hits, but were for some reason left out. Given the few people that i know  of that actually listen to rock music as well as heavy metal, masterpeices  such as this will be lost very soon.
0618001905|5.0|Contemporary historians have been widely criticized for their insistence that they write only for a doctoral audience.  Analizing the effects of the  Pequod War and birth-control methods in 14th century France hardly exite  the curious, historical mind.  Hochschild's chilling account of the rape  and pillage of the Congo is not only well-researched and composed, but  appeals to everyone as it focuses both on the heroism and depravity of  human existence.  Une oeuvre formidable...
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this CD mainly for the first track and figured if I  liked any of  the other songs, I could consider them bonuses.  Well, I like them ALL.  My  favorite has turned out to be MY LOVER'S GONE, which has a nice  Medieval-meets-alien feel to it.   I'm a novelist and I love to have  &quot;mood music&quot; playing in the background while I work.  This one  gets a lot of play!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is one of Eminem's most understandable CD that I have ever listened  to. It talks about how life in the real world is or can be. Also you must  listen to the words and understand them and then you'll get the feeling  that this is the truth. So if you want a CD with killer lyrics and a voice  that tells the truth then this is the CD for you. This can be yours if you  take the chance because it's going to be Eminem forever!
6304584598|5.0|This version of Swan Lake, staged by Nureyev for the Vienna State Opera  Ballet in 1964, was an historic and artistic blockbuster.  In contrast to  Balanchine's view that &quot;ballet is woman&quot; Nureyev focused on the  male dancer's role  and in showcasing his own talents arrived at a  breakthrough in emphasis on the male dancer in ballet.<br />Makarova's 1988  version derived from Petipa and Ashton, and mounted for the London Festival  Ballet, offers the standard Prince who poses, prances, and rarely dances,  and is such a pathetic fellow that one cannot imagine dying for him.  Nureyev complained, &quot;The Prince sits on his ass for thirty-five  minutes and then has to walk,&quot; (instead of dance).  Discerning a  deeply sinister mood in Tchaikovsky's music Nureyev added psychological  depth to Swan Lake by introducing an unhappy ending in which Seigfried  drowns in his struggle to be reunited with Odette.  The Prince's obsession  with the Queen Of Swans, the ideal woman, destroys him.  Thus the emphasis  of the drama is on Seigfried rather than Odette, and for him to be seen as  a tragic figure rather than a mere pawn demanded the first rate character  portrayal that Nureyev brought to his dancing.  <br />Totally recasting the  brooding passive Seigfried into an active character Nureyev introduced the  Prince into the first act birthday entertainment normally danced by two  girls and a boy. Nureyev recast this for two girls, two boys, and himself,  dancing with them separately, together, and with energetic outgoing solos  for himself.  Having described the Prince as &quot;an unusual man ready for  unusual things to happen to him&quot; he inserted the Danse Du Prince  before the Coda, an unheard of solo for himself conveying Seigfried's sense  of romantic anticipation and pursuit of the ideal.  <br />In the second act  lakeside scene with the swans Odette's charms are usually displayed for  Seigfried by his hunting companion, Bonno.  Nureyev dispensed with Bonno  entirely and took all the steps for himself.  The result is a perfect  bonding between the Prince and Odette.  His coupling with Fonteyn was  sublime, and in a ballet traditionally reserved for the display of the  ballerina's technique the inspiration that he brought to his role created a  synergism of ever more dramatic expression between them.<br />Nureyev left act  three essentially unchanged since the danser's role is so prominent  although he added steps as bravura as Odile's including a series of  whipping turns to match her famous 32 fouettes.  Fonteyn's Odile was more  sweetly flirtatious than coldly dazzling and cunning.  In Makarova's  version Evelynn Hart very effectively projected the pride, arrogancce, and  disdain underneath Odile's seductiveness.  <br />For act four Nureyev created  an elegiac pas de deux following his frantic discovery of Odette.  It is  one of the most beautiful dances of the ballet, perfectly conveying the  poignancy of the coming separation.  The conventional happy ending with  Prince Seigfried and Odette reunited in death is incomprehensible at the  end of the ballet unless one has read the narrative. Nureyev's unhappy  ending seems more in keeping with the action and Tchaikovsky's musical mood  of storm swept tragedy, abandoned romanticism, and brooding  melancholy.<br />At first Fonteyn was so upset with Nureyev's changes that he  ended up kicking her out of a rehearsal, but they soon reconciled and went  on as if nothing had happened.  Over the orchestra's strong objections  Nureyev insisted that the tempi be slowed so he could bring out the nuances  of emotion he was seeking.  His version of Swan Lake was a smashing success  with the public.  At the last performance of the premier in Vienna he and  Fonteyn received 89 curtain calls, the most ever taken.<br />In this film of  the ballet restrained camerawork and intelligent editing have defined the  essential choreography and dramatic effects.  The camera angles and  close-ups capture rather than destroy the patterns and enchainments as is  so often the case when &quot;creative film-making&quot; makes a hash of the  choreography.  As other reviewers have noted this DVD may not be entirely  up the technically achievable standard but it is so far superior to  anything available on VHS, and brings such clarity and presence to the  performance, that its few flaws can be forgiven.  Nureyev's Swan Lake  belongs in every ballet lover's collection, and it is fervently to be hoped  that this DVD is but the first in an avalanche of these great ballets on  perfect DVD's.
B00003IQQA|5.0|Listening to Creed is like seeing into lead singer Scott Stapp's soul- in  a world where many musicians sing songs written for them about crushes and  their makeup, Stapp actually writes from personal experience and shares his  thoughts with his audience, giving them a chance and perspective to change  their lives.  His lyrics give me confidence and strength and it's not even  based on the religious undertones. Tremonti's guitar playing and the rest  of the band (Phillips and Marshall), along with Stapp's beautiful voice  create a great musical experience. They are the one of the best bands EVER  to come out with such fluid and introspective music.
B00000K2SC|5.0|In a story with a convoluted plot set in the 1990s about machines controlling peoples imaginations so they think they are in the 1990s when  they are actually plugged into a huge computer programme running sometime  in the 23rd century, a computer hacker called Neo wants to know &quot;what  is the matrix ?&quot;. Along comes Trinity played by the fit Carrie-Anne  Moss to recruit Neo to the crew of the Nebuchadnezzar, a hover craft crewed  by a resistance force of humans trying to defeat the control of the  machines. Is Neo the One?, the prophesised hero who will take back control  from the machines, or is he just another guy ? The first half of the film  is all about setting up the sceanario for the second half, Neo taking on  the machines. Full of funky views on what is reality and a fairly grim view  of the future, the Matrix is a movie about the love that grows between Neo  and Trinity while in their struggle with the machines.
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a really great book. It's about an orphan boy who finds out he is a wizard. He starts going to Hogwarts  School of Witchcraft and Wizardy, where he makes to best friends, Ron  Weasly and Hermione Granger, and together they see there is a secret  something hidden in the school and together they discover what it is. I  recomend this book to everybody, because even if the plot is very strange,  the characters are very realistic. Read it!
B0000057C5|5.0|I have spent weeks now just milling about my bedroom punching out phat  distorted drop-D riffs on my stratocaster over whatever drum loops i can  find - Rammstein is heavily addictive and very inspirational.
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a really great book. It's about an orphan boy who finds out he is a wizard. He starts going to Hogwarts  School of Witchcraft and Wizardy, where he makes to best friends, Ron  Weasly and Hermione Granger, and together they see there is a secret  something hidden in the school and together they discover what it is. I  recomend this book to everybody, because even if the plot is very strange,  the characters are very realistic. Read it!
6304712499|5.0|This movie rocked.  Awsome special effects and a great soundtrack.  This  movie also had comedy.  But the fat demon was very annoying but funny.   Awsome movie to buy on dvd along with special features like making of  featurette and music videos. (Marylin Manson video-good song, sick video)
6305897786|3.0|What is with the end of the film? Is it a joke? Is Depp you know who? The  first 2/3 of the movie are as good as anything Polanski has ever done,but  the ending, What's up? If someone can explain it to me I'd give it another  1/2 star. The acting is for the most part is excellent,especially Lena Olin  and Frank Langella. The Transfer is flawless The Dvd Looks and sounds  great. The extras are a plus.
0780626966|5.0|This collection is cool.  Nightmare 1 and 2 were ok, 3 and 4 were not as  great, 5 stunk, however Freddy's Dead was the best.  This dvd pak has  everything: All 7 movies, and a bonus dvd with interviews, trailers and  music videos from Fatboys and Dokken in Nightmare 3 and 5.  Very cool and  inexpensive product..
B00003W8NM|5.0|I, like many others, skipped this movie in the theaters.  Once the DVD came out I figured I'd check it out.  WHOA!  During the movie I found  myself slamming beers and shots of whiskey!  It reminded me of the intense  male comraderie I felt during my time in the Marines!  The movie was akin  to a flashback of taking shots in the gut from guys I barely knew who were  trying to toughen me up for combat.  A lot of people seem torn on the  ending whereas it made perfect sense to me.  It was incredibly shocking and  in my opinion very original and gratifying. A lot of people will dismiss  this movie especially due to the poor marketing.  It's unfortunate because  it really is an intelligent male-oriented fantasy. Highly recommended to  those with brains and a love of fiction.
0316548189|5.0|Nelson Mandela's autobiography ,&quot;Long Walk to Freedom&quot; was a  long and difficult read, but a rewarding experience for the patient reader.   This life story chronicles the freedom movement in South Africa and is an  awesome description of the struggle experienced by Africans over several  recent decades.  The triumph of right over wrong (aparteid) is an  eye-opener for everyone outside South Africa.  It was a pleasure to read  this book and will remain an influence in my life.  My respect for Nelson  Mandela remains  higher than ever.  This is a book for everyone to read.
B00004SCX6|4.0|With her modest vocal talents, shakey dance abilities and evidently very little to say as an artist, Britney Spears likely will enjoy a short time  at the top.  That doesn't detract, however, from what she is doing  presently. She's beautiful, she's energetic, she's got a great stage  presence and, as the video for &quot;Lucky&quot; shows, she's charismatic.   I suspect probably her biggest ability is to take instruction well.  As she  and her fans grow older the magic likely will fade (which is what happened  to her predecessor, Debbie Gibson, who however was a composer benefitting  from song royalties and well-prepared to go on to a stage musical career)  but this album on its own merits is totally enjoyable with the exception of  the truly dreadful version of &quot;Satisfaction&quot; which evidences not  the slightest understanding of the material.  Which indicates Spears is  safe on home ground but taking a big chance when she roams away.  The  question is what is she going to do with the rest of her life when this is  over?  It's not as bleak as one might think.  She has the looks and the  charm to go on to film and television acting and put the music behind her.  So enjoy her now; what she's doing is fun and will all too soon be gone.   Oops, it's a fairly good bet she won't be doing it again.
014028009X|5.0|This was a very funny book very british I thought...If you have a teenaged  daughter or are just young at heart try Angus, Thongs, and Full Frontal  Snogging by Louis Rennison...quite possibly THE funniest book I have ever  read.  Try it!
0553108034|5.0|After the triumph of A Game of Thrones, I feared that I was in for the inevitable letdown with its sequel, A Clash of Kings.  Yet another author  milking a never-ending fantasy series.  I could not have been more wrong.   This book continues and deepens the mature, multilevel plotting that made  its predecessor such a joy to read.  Though the various plotlines alone  make this series worthwhile, it is Mr. Martin's characters that really hold  the reader.  Characters to love and admire, characters to hate, and many  that seem to defy easy categorization.  The story is told from the point of  view of about 10 different characters that vary from a physically twisted  but mentally agile dwarf, to a 10 year old girl struggling to survive in  the wake of her lord father's murder, to the wife of the murdered lord who  struggles to save what's left of her widely scattered family.  It is a  testament to the author's skill that he can write from such varied  perspectives convincingly, while at the same time keeping the various  plotlines moving at breakneck speed.<br />This book moves.  Assassinations.   Betrayal.  And the looming specter of much worse things to come.  Major  characters die -- sometimes without warning -- the plotlines are always  advanced, and the reader gets the feeling that the author knows exactly  where his story is going.  The author has committed to six books -- no more  -- and that committment has remained following the recent completion of the  next volume, A Storm of Swords.  So, for those adults who may have thought  they were too old for fantasy, and for those who have been scared off from  epic fantasies that have no end in sight, grab A Game of Thrones as fast as  you can and get started.  You will not regret it.
630438551X|5.0|One of the most imaginative and compelling Shakespearian adaptions I have  ever seen. Luhrmann gives the MTV generation something they can relate to  and puts a hard edge on the fairy tale like version from Zeffirelli. The  leads give passionate performances esspecially from the very impressive  Claire Danes. Shakespeare was a writer who knew people and Baz Luhrmann  gives the younger generation a taste of classic literature which on a  regular basis is strictly bound to the classroom. A fantastic follow up to  Strictly Ballroom and well worth every good review it gets.
0553573403|5.0|Having gotten started reading fantasy with Tolkien nearly 25 years ago, I thought I had just gotten too old to continue in the genre.  The plotlines  in other fantasy works seem to follow a predictable pattern, and the  ability to create characters with real depth completely absent.  Then I  came across A Game of Thrones.  Stunning.  Marvelously intricate plotting,  superb characterization, and a great vision.  Like Tolkien, Martin uses  magic sparingly, making it all the more mysterious when it is used, and  letting his characters rather than magical gimmicks carry the  story.<br />Contrary to some, I do not see Martin's world as &quot;gray&quot;  in the least.  There surely are characters of great honor and goodness --  Lord Eddard Stark, father, husband, and Lord of the wintry North, is one of  the most admirable characters in fantasy literature, and his family is the  focus of the story.  And there are scheming characters far more repellent  whose worst qualities seem to give them a decidely unfair advantage in the  power politics of Westeros.  But Martin is setting up a morality play -  cruelty, disloyalty, and ruthlessness seem to be the easy path to success,  as the characters with the greatest virtue seem to suffer the most for it.  Yet over all, it is apparent that self-serving, power-hungry, amoral nobles  are sowing the seeds of destruction for Westeros. The dread Long Winter  approaches, and the vicious infighting weakens the Kingdom at the time it  needs to be at its strongest.  It will be the virtuous qualities of the few  truly noble, and those who are slowly discovering their potential for  nobility, that are the only hope for Westeros.<br />And that's what makes this  story so intriguing.  Few characters are wholly good or wholly evil, and  all seem to develop and grow as the story progresses.  Grab this book,  cherish it, and pass the word.  George Martin has created a genuine  classic.
B00004T9UF|1.0|I was a HUGE fan of Eminem's first album. I thought that he showed  unlimited potential and great lyrical skill. When the first single from  &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; entitled &quot;The Real Slim  Shady&quot; came out I was extremely excited. He showed even more ability  on that single than on any other song he had done. Unfortunately, Marshall  has gone for shock value on his new disc in such a way that he completely  forgets to make good music. On certain tracks he shows some of the promise  displayed earlier in his career, but quickly fades into an ocean of shock  lyrics for the sake of being shocking. There are really only 2 or 3 good  songs on this disc. Not worth buying. Please Eminem, next time concentrate  on quality, not shock value.
0064471837|5.0|In fact i had no idea it was a teen-market fantady book. It's intelligent, well-written, with some very new and interesting ideas including the whole  reverse-necromancy and the bell magic. The setting with the two worlds, the  magic one and the semi-World War II England-style one with the magic border  and tank traps was another in the many curious and unusual new ideas that  Garth Nix managed to make work.  The characters are not even all they  seem to be, and are all well rounded and interesting, the descriptions are  good, and even the evil things are vividly brought to life (shudder). A  damn good fantasy - up there with R.A. Salvatore at his best. Buy it and  read it. It's worth it.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Typical of many Pearl Jam albums, &quot;Binaural&quot; opens at breakneck  pace with &quot;Breakerfall&quot; and the awesome &quot;Gods' Dice,&quot;  an especially rousing rocker.  Both of these short songs are vintage Pearl  Jam, nothing flashy or glamorous, not at all fluffed-up or polished for  recording purposes.  And that's the way people like these guys.  &quot;Evacuation&quot; sounds a little unadventurous, generic, and cyclical  from past Pearl Jam albums, but that's the only one.  The rest of these  songs are uniquely their own identity.<br />What's most significant about  &quot;Binaural&quot; is the way it tends to focus on the quiet sounds this  band can produce, as if they collectively decided to put on the speedbrakes  a little bit.  &quot;Light Years&quot; is practically dinner music compared  to most Pearl Jam tunes, while &quot;Nothing as it Seems&quot; is as mellow  as it gets, yet a very worthy song.  All that trippy background guitar  noise gets addictive after awhile.  &quot;Thin Air&quot; has a light sound  in the same vain as &quot;Light Years,&quot; and is actually an even better  song, though some might find the lyrics a tad lovey-dovey for Pearl Jam.<br />Looking at the credit lists within this album, it's as if the guys  simply stood back and took turns writing songs for the album, which is a  splendid and often difficult way to operate.  Though Vedder had a hand in  writing most of the songs, especially all lyrics, his bandmates truly  stepped up again to contribute, especially Jeff Ament.  Other great rockers  are &quot;Insignificance&quot; and the purposely racous  &quot;Grievance,&quot; where Vedder vents to &quot;pledge his grievance to  the flag&quot; wholeheartedly.  Other than that, &quot;Rival&quot; is a  wonderful mid-tempo rhymic groove of a song, while the rest of the tunes  boast an atmospheric, slower-tempo vibe.  &quot;Of the Girl&quot; has a  vaguely Led Zepplenish sheen to it, a gorgeous acoustic tune backed by soft  electric guitar, creating a sparkling, very memorable melody.  Songs like  this prove that Pearl Jam are starting to sound as good on their slower,  quieter material as they are on their louder, more mosh pit oriented tunes,  which some have said have run their course.  (Not me!!).<br />&quot;Sleight of  Hand&quot; is one of those Pearl Jam songs that will tear you up, a  lyrically observant song about the passage and wasting of time, a song that  wonders how we get where we currently are, through the eyes of one soul.  It may just be the best song these guys have written, and that says a whole  bunch.  &quot;Soon Forget&quot; is a quircky, quiet Eddie Vedder penned  song with just he and a ukelele, plus an excellent message everyone should  heed.  Finally, &quot;Parting Ways&quot; ends a little eerily, a little  familiarly, and somewhat dramatically.  The title about sums it up.  This  is simply an outstanding record, one that most won't remember as being  their Pearl Jam favorite.  What &quot;Binaural&quot; lacks in terms of  foregoing one standout single, it more than makes up for in terms of a  great collection of thirteen songs, a mood, a vibe and feeling that Pearl  Jam have so perfected over the years.electric guitar, creating a sparkling, very memorable melody.  Songs like  this prove that Pearl Jam are starting to sound as good on their slower,  quieter material as they are on their louder, more mosh pit oriented tunes,  which some have said have run their course.  (Not me!!).<br />&quot;Sleight of  Hand&quot; is one of those Pearl Jam songs that will tear you up, a  lyrically observant song about the passage and wasting of time, a song that  wonders how we get where we currently are, through the eyes of one soul.   It may just be the best song these guys have written, and that says a whole  bunch.  &quot;Soon Forget&quot; is a quircky, quiet Eddie Vedder penned  song with just he and a ukelele, plus an excellent message everyone should  heed.  Finally, &quot;Parting Ways&quot; ends a little eerily, a little  familiarly, and somewhat dramatically.  The title about sums it up.  This  is simply an outstanding record, one that most won't remember as being  their Pearl Jam favorite.  What &quot;Binaural&quot; lacks in terms of  foregoing one standout single, it more than makes up for in terms of a  great collection of thirteen songs, a mood, a vibe and feeling that Pearl  Jam have so perfected over the years.
0446607274|5.0|I have read every single book that Michael Connelly has written except  Void Moon, and I believe that Angels Flight is his very best. It seems like  that every novel of Connelly's gets better and better. I have noticed a  repetitive pattern of this. I enjoy Harry Bosch VERY much. I think Harry is  the perfect person to be a detective. I finished this one in two days. Mr.  Connelly ranks right up there with the big wigs like Patricia Cornwell,  John Sandford, and Mary Higgins Clark. Void Moon is next on my list!
B000000OQY|5.0|This album is killer.  As stated in my title it is da bomb.  Better than  Appetite, meaning it isn't as &quot;glam&quot;, it represents the real  GNFNR for what they really were.  This album carried the counter-culture  GNR fan base rather than the mainstream--  Combining classic futile rock  remakes with GNR acoustic originals...    ...ahhh...leaves a good taste!
6305807043|4.0|C'mon folks, give the Devil his due. Spike Jonze has crafted an unforgettable fever-dream of a movie. How did he do it? He picked a great  script that was populated with bizarre plot twists &amp; quirky characters.  He cast John Cusack as the lead. It's hard to imagine another actor in that  roll. And the smartest thing he did was to keep the movies sad ending (you  know that at some point a studio Executive must've taken him aside and said  &quot;Yeah, but isn't the ending a little...um...down.&quot; Thank god  somebody had the guts to make this very strange film that full of great  little surprises. Not since Terry Gilliam's 'Brazil' have I seen such a  fresh film.  By the way, once the doorway to John Malkovich's brain is  explained, everything makes an odd sort of sense.
6303203345|3.0|Efficient action movie vehicle for Schwarzenegger, starring as a framed  convicted killer who becomes one of the contestants in sick television game  show. He's pursued across a devastated Los Angeles in the year 2019 by  trained hitmen. Stephen King's novel with its echoes of The Most Dangerous  Game, provides an effective framework for Arnie's tough-guy act, and  director Glaser expertly orchestrates the state-of-the-art special effects,  nasty violence and unpleasant humor.<br />All I've forgotten is the Girl. All  movies like this need a Girl, whose function is to be pulled helplessly  behind the hero as he attempts his escape. By casting Maria Conchita Alonso  in the role, the filmmakers got more than they bargained for; she remains  one of Hollywood's undaunted high spirits, a nice comic counterfoil for  Schwarzenegger. <br />The movie's problem is that all of the action scenes are  versions of the same scenario. TV host Dawson introduces a killer and his  trademark weapons (electical shock, fire, chain saws, etc.) and then  Schwarzenegger faces him in battle. The one element in the movie that is  not standard and that does have some energy is the TV show itself, with  Dawson's performance as the egotistical, sleaze-bag host. <br />Playing a  character who always seems three-quarters drunk, Dawson chain-smokes his  way through backstage planning sessions and then pops up in front of the  cameras as a cauldron of false jollity. Working the audience, milking the  laughs and the tears, he is not really much different than most genuine  game show hosts - and that's the movie's private joke.
B00003CX59|5.0|I love horror movies.  This one is so much more than that.  &quot;Sleepy  Hollow&quot; adds a delightful combination of suspense and even humor that  makes it one to be enjoyed repeatedly.<br />Johnny Depp to me makes this  movie; it wouldn't have been as good without him. I am definitely a fan now  (I haven't seen him since Nightmare on Elm Street.) The way he  over-exaggerates things and faints are hiliarious. Christina Ricci did very  well; she was very mysterious and beautiful but she asked &quot;do you  think me wicked?&quot; a few too many times. Christopher Walken as the  Horseman is nothing short of extraordinary.  This cast was brilliantly put  together. Tim Burton and Francis Ford Coppola make quite a team. I see so  many subtle hints to numerous other horror movies and I usually don't like  that but it was very effectively done here.<br />The sound effects, set  design, cinematography, music, and special effects combine to make this  movie exceptional.  I find it extremely interesting and fascinating; it is  full of a broad range of emotions that you appreciate more with repeated  viewings. I highly recommend this to horror/suspense/thriller fans! This is  the first horror movie that I've seen (possibly ever) that is both scary  and funny but most of all entertaining. The ending is fantastic.  My bet is  you will enjoy this movie. But if you get bothered by blood and gore, you  might want to skip it.  I take it with a grain of salt.  Remember, it is  only a movie.
0312084986|3.0|I am a 14 year old, and had to read this book for Honor's English over the  summer.  I got to pick the book, and I made the wrong choice.  It is long  and boring, and there is no excitement to make you want to keep reading.  The book consists of James, the narrarator and author going to farms and  treating animals.  There are many complicated medical terms and half the  time I didn't know what was going on with the aminal.  It has its good  parts, but they are few and far between.  I wold not have finished it if I  didn't have to.
B00004TH6O|3.0|Joshua Homme is a great guitar player and, simply said, kind of a genius (it's difficult to say things like these about living people)... It's no  wonder he defined a whole style: Kyuss (the stoner-rock gods) was his band  previously to this adventure. Therefore there was a lot of expectation  about his (kind of) solo project's 2nd album. But I think few can consider  this album a winner: it is not as mainstream as its predecessor... In other  words, Q.O.T.S.A. have been quite experimental and this album has gone even  further: the (very good) ideas are not as developed as in the first record  of the band. On one hand we have here some excellent proper songs like we  had on the first full-length, but what we'll find is, mostly, unfinished  sketches. On the other, those \\"not so developed\\" ideas are better than many  bands' proper songs. And let's not jump into conclusions because this  record is not as unexpected as some might say. As a matter of fact I think  it's quite a logical step for this band. Is that good or bad? It is not  necessarily bad, but it isn't good either `cause what we hear doesn't sound  too convincing, or, in other words, cohesive. Could this be due to the  changes of line-up between the songs? (On one song Josh plays guitar and  sings, on another he plays drums, on yet another piano; Nick Oliveri - also  ex-Kyuss, and the second half of the creative force behind this recording -  wanders between bass, guitar and vocals; etc.) The themes in which Oliveri  and guest Mark Lanegan sing are benefited from their performances  (especially the ones in which Oliveri \\"delivers the goods\\"), but was it  necessary, for instance, to have Homme playing the drums in \\"Autopilot\\", or  Rob Halford doing something very subtle in \\"Feel good hit of the summer\\"?  It seems that they were preoccupied with showing that they can play a lot  of instruments and not with the sound of the album. And how can that sound  be described? I can't quite say, but I know one thing: itisn't  stoner-rock, and I think it doesn't want to be it either... Anyway, what  those  genre-fundamentalists-that-are-calling-this-some-kind-of-a-\\"bluff\\"-because-it-isn't-stoner-rock  will never understand is that a genius can never stick to only one genre:  geniuses don't follow, are followed. Nevertheless I think they could have  tried harder. Don't get me wrong, it's not about genres, it's about work: a  good idea on its own has some difficulties in standing up... Conclusion: this  is a very good album, but the first one stands very close to perfection, I  mean, we don't have one song that is filler there... But here... Some songs are  very interesting but would fit better as B-sides. Like I said, they could  have tried harder. P.S.: If you want to talk to me my e-mail is  jtrigo@sanest.pt
B00003CWTI|5.0|Yes, this was my favorite film of 1999. This film is absolutely a piece of brilliance.  Yeah, I've seen people criticize PTA for adopting Altman and  Scorcese for his film style.  But did any of you ever think he might be  doing it better?  I'm not taking anything away from those two classic  directors but I just want to let everyone know there is a new kid in town  and he's not going anywhere but up.  This movie left me thinking for weeks.  Even those who gave it a bad rating are probably still thinking about it.  Everyone is entitled to an opinion and I am sure expressing mine, but you  should give this film a second look.  I cannot wait for this DVD and the  boogie nights double platinum.  This was by far the best acting for a cast  of this size in a number of years.  Who cares if they're in all of PTA's  film?  They do their best work for him and they give the audience their  best.  I can't wait for PTA's next adventure.  I like films that make me  think.  I like films that take me on a roller coaster ride of emotions. If  your intelligence is only for popcorn films then please stay away from this  one. Thank you Mr. Anderson for giving us something special for years to  come.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This movie is not for the casual moviegoer. If you liked &quot;Navy Seals&quot; you WILL NOT like this movie. For the person, however, who  wishes to witness a genius filmmaker at his best, P.T. Anderson's  &quot;Magnolia&quot; is perfect. The characters have great depth and the  film moves effortlessly between stories, picking up the pace and slowing it  down at just the right spots. With a cathartic ending of  &quot;biblical&quot; proportions, you won't be able to stop thinking about  it for days. Enjoy!
B000002L7R|4.0|How I loathed this Prince album when released 15 years ago ! I used to  think,&quot;This isn't Prince and the Revolution...This is his unpolished  hidden-in-the-vault b-side material&quot;! In retrospect, between '84 and  '85 the radiowaves and MTV were so heavily bombarded by his Purple Rain  reign that true fans forgot what he was about;Not commercialism, but about  re-invention and experimentation. At times he often broke new ground and  treaded into territory that no other musical artist at that time would dare  go into.<br />Around the World In A Day reflected many different sounds to  many different people. Some compared it to the Beatles-esque psychedelia of  the 60's with respect to their Yellow Submarine heyday. Others thought it  was just a copout project used for certain artistic shock value that would  make some think, &quot;Why is he taking this route ?&quot; The style and  sound that he used for Around the World would later be refined and  refreshed in his double album opus Sign O' The Times ! Prince knew how to  utilize his state of the art technoligical musicianship without ever  compromising his artistry or material.<br />I must admit this is not his best  album; It is not his worst, either. Maybe time has allowed me (and age) to  appreciate his effort and concept back then. Again, thinking in retrospect,  it definitely sounded like nothing that was so popular back then by other  pop artists of the time (maybe still doesn't)  !...
B00004U8P9|5.0|I can't wait for this DVD to come out.  This has been one of my favourite films for many years, and I would fully recommend viewing it at least once,  you'll find you either love it or hate it.<br />The music is without compare,  when you hear Richard O'Brien (Riff Raff) singing in &quot;There's A  Light&quot;, you'll feel it in your soul.<br />That being said, let's all buy  this one and send it to the top where it deserves to be.
0684847248|1.0|\\"The Road Less Traveled\\" should be entitled \\"Highway To Wacko Liberalville.\\"  Dr. Peck is merely cashing in by selling regenerated,  simplistic, humanistic psychology mind candy.  I do agree with his premise  that life is tough and there is no free lunch.  However, he contradicts  himself by stating that the \\"scientific-method\\" must be employed to test  ones' \\"traditional\\" belief system.  Unfortunately, in the same instance  Peck leads the reader to assume that a hypothetical/metaphysical construct  such as \\"spirituality\\" is a tangible entity that can be directly observed,  and measured under scientific scrutiny.  Further, he appears to assume that  if one is actively practicing the religion of their parents, he/she is  narrow minded and blindly accepting the faith system (typical thinking  among the smug, anti-Christian \\"know it all,\\" misguided, narcissistic  liberal left).<br />This type of book generally also appears to appeal to  personality disordered/disgruntled human service workers including  counseling psychologists (versus clinical psychologists) and MSW's who  either lack the ability to grasp more abstract clinical theory or have ax  to grind due to their own poor object relationships in past.  How do you  know your place in this world?  First understand the world you live in.  I  suggest political science books authored by Dinesh De'Souza, Martin Gross  and Alvin Schmidt (Available on Amazon.com) Then, you may see why such  self-help books like Dr Peck's are so popular (i.e, feel good mind poison  for the liberal elite).
B0000048YO|5.0|Rita hayworth is at her best in this 1940's film noir about a woman who  meets her old flame and pretends not to pay attention to him. Hired by her  husband to be her &quot;bodyguard&quot;, Glenn Ford watches on as Rita  Hayworth pretends to be interested in countless other men. A winner, with  great performances by the whole cast.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Have you ever been annoyed because you purchased an album that contains  that great single you've been hearing on the radio, but when you stop to  listen to the whole cd you realize that none of the music is nearly as cool  as the single?  If so, then you can rest easy when you purchase Americana  by The Offspring, because for the most part each and every track is a great  offering by this seasoned group.<br />One thing that I particularly like about  this cd is that it can almost be classified as what my musician groupie  friends would call a 'concept album'. Each track seems to make a small  satyrical commentary on something that, at least in the eyes of the band,  is wrong with American society.  Therefore the cynics amongst us will  chuckle at the subtle irony of the cd being titles Americana, and then  proceeding to present a series of songs detailing negative issues in modern  American life.<br />For those of us who like our music a little less cerebral,  don't worry, the subtle philosophical nuances in no way hinder the band  from presenting some of the best rock music to come out that year.  From  the addictive riffs of 'The Kids Aren't Alright' to the somewhat familiar  harmonies of 'Get a Job', The Offspring have put together an album that  rocks the whole way through.  Even the songs which weren't singles (and a  great many of them were), are great pieces that you will want to listen to  every time you play the cd.<br />And perhaps my favorite part of all, listen  through the minute or so of silence following the last song for an awesome  final tidbit featuring a mariachi version of Pretty Fly (For A White Guy).   Yes indeed, in a world of MP3s and singles, this is still a cd that is well  worth it to own.
0393307050|5.0|A friend recommended that I pick this up book, and also the next few  volumes. She said I'd get hooked on it and I was.  I bought 5 of the 17  volumes (now up to 19) and then went out a week later and bought the rest.  I spent the next few months fighting with my sister for each copy as we  each raced through the whole series.<br />Lucky Jack Aubrey is a bold naval  officer who befriends Steven Maturin, a physician and multilingual spy, in  their efforts to thwart Napoleon's ambitions for the British Empire.  The  two oddball friends provide an interesting contrast as Patrick O'Brien  takes us back 200 years and give us British Naval History more or less  intact with the exception that he places these two hero's on the scene.  Some explanation is given at the start of each story as to what is real and  what is fiction.<br />O'Brien's writing style uses turn of the century  terminology and language--which can be confusing at times, especially some  of the nautical maneuvers, but lends more authenticity to each volume.<br />My  only regret is that I purchased the paperbound version.  These books are  worth keeping and re-reading.  I recommend you purchase them in the hard  bound edition which will hold up as you re-read them in the future.
B00000DGUM|4.0|Although I absolutely love this album, I do have to say that the track  &quot;Wasted Time&quot;  would have made this CD complete.  Also, the songs  that were remixed did sound better in their original form, and the live  version of &quot;Beat Yourself Blind&quot; did not do the song justice.   However, I really enjoyed the previously unreleased songs, especially  &quot;Fire in the Hole.&quot;  I do not understand why others don't  appreciate these songs!  Overall, although I would have picked some  different songs to put in this compilation, this is a must-have album.   It's hard to get sick of!
6305603847|1.0|Don't think of buying this DVD if you plan on viewing it on a computer DVD  drive: the DVD's menus just wouldn't comply with the mouse clicks, and keep  changing to items the mouse is just passing over.
0679746048|4.0|I love the movie and so I hunt for the book. It's really a great book,  though I am a bit disappointed by the fact that it is separated into very  short chapters. It gets a bit loose  because of such an arrangement, though  it is still a good book without a doubt. I like the part about not having  bones. That sounds so real. But since I've watched the movie first, somehow  scenes from the movie appear when I read the book and sometimes it's a  little disappointing to find that the movie gets into more details than the  book (no matter whether they're true or not) Anyway, I'm glad to know from  the book that Lisa ended up having not too bad a life. Frankly, I'm  attracted by her, just like the teenage girls in the institution  did...<br />By the way, I like this book far more than the Bell Jar, despite  that they are in some ways similar.
0767812778|5.0|This is the greatest movie ever made. No other film can compare to LOA in  all aspects of movie-making. The cinematography is stunning(you can feel  the wind in the desert), the acting perfect, the music invigorating....I  could go on and on..... You will have to sit through four hours, but  believe me, it will be worth it!!!  The movie itself is about 228 minutes  long. Beware of shorter prints!
B000002R67|4.0|Eric Burdon will be usually remembered as the singer of &quot;THe house of the rising sun&quot;... and his post-animal works are less mentioned...  hey, this album, &quot;Winds of Change&quot; in 1967 surprisingly change my  stereotype on him... a weird psychedelic album, half-spoken spontaneous  lines with superb backing... title track, &quot;Winds of Change&quot;,  Burdon shouts a list of singers... a spoken mini history of rock and roll.  &quot;It's all meat&quot; is a tricky work that he name lots of famous  rockers (e.g. eric clapton) and commented &quot;it's all meat...in the same  bowl&quot;. Haha. THe best cut is &quot;Hotel Hell&quot;, reverb trumpet  sound fits the moody melody very well. A romantic song. Also, this album is  with the hit &quot;Sancisco nights&quot;. The only weak moment is the cover  of Rolling Stones' &quot;Paint it black&quot;. Excellent.
B000000HHE|5.0|CREATION: The work of Gods and Artists!   Simply masterful work by artists  who in time have finally gained the praise and respect due.  Along with PE  these are my favorite hip hop heads. They never played it safe and were  guided be their own creative force.  I purchased &quot;3 feet High &amp;  Raising&quot; in '89, I was a kid.  I was simply floored with their meshing  of comedic and social themes into a and surprisingly harmonious CD.  I  would go around forcing all of my friends to listen to this CD and it took  a full year for me to actually grow tired of the tracks.  I would be like  &quot;Do ya'll know how phat this is, this is a musical revolution&quot;  and brothers in Miami would be like &quot;well it is tight, but let's put  on some Luke&quot;.  I felt De la Soul addressed many of the same Black  issues as PE but in a totally different fashion, equaling their brilliance.   In addition, the format of this CD, 24 tracks(?), with skits and dialogue  was copied and duplicated by the entire hip-hop recording industry for  years.  Not every track had to be a complete song! Take a look at NWA's and  PE's subsequent albums that followed (3'high&amp;raising).  Even the best  took hold of that format, opening up their own creativeness and exposing  more of  their personalities. Then 'Soul followed this success with  &quot;De la Soul is Dead&quot;, which was just as profound.  LONG LIVE THE  DE LA!
6300215512|4.0|A truly outstanding and classic noir black comedy! A career highpoint for  director Wilder and actors Swanson,Holden and legendary silent filmmaker  Erich Von Stroheim(&quot;Greed&quot;,&quot;The Wedding March&quot;). A  clever and witty screenplay written by Wilder,Brackett,and Marshman jr.  Filled with many memorable lines:&quot;I am big.It's the pictures that got  small.&quot; &quot;All right,Mr.DeMille,I'm ready for my close-up.&quot;  But mostly this film is really just a tour de force for Swanson. She's the  one who is really amazing. I'm sure many will agree with me on this. She  was robbed of an Oscar that rightfully belonged to her! It's not hard to  miss,but look out for the brief cameos of other 20's and 30's screen  legends: Cecil B. DeMille,Hedda Hopper,H.B. Warner and my personal  favorite... Buster Keaton. One of the few films you'll ever watch that you  can say is perfect. Truly Hollywood at it's best!
0767817478|2.0|Sad to say, &quot;Godzilla&quot; pretty much falls flat on its face. The  characters are mostly stupid and many of the lines in the movie are chessy.  Some of the special effects doesn't quit make up for that and I really  expected this to be a great sci-fi movie of '98. I can't believe the guys  that made that awesome &quot;Independence Day&quot; made this. Oh well,  maybe &quot;Godzilla 2000&quot; will be much better.
B000002HH2|4.0|If you had to choose one Bjork cd to buy, I say it has to be this one. The  range in musical influence on this cd is much  wider than any other I have  heard. Bjork goes from the demolition  sound of Army of Me to the graceful  moderately techno Hyper Ballad.  It's Oh So Quiet can be a Vegas act  easily.  Bjork playfully tosses her voice around in Modern Things. Possibly  Maybe and Headphones are the sweetest tracks on the cd.  I love  every song  on this cd and can play it continuously.   Pick it up and put it on.
0802713319|5.0|For if you are to approach this book as a work that will lead you to an  understanding of a theorem that took 350 years to solve, you might miss a  great tale. As others have stated, High School Math will suffice, and for  those who may be a bit rusty in Math in any event, the book is still very  much worthwhile. The book mentions that some of the Math is understood by  perhaps 5 people in the world. If high-level Math concepts were required to  enjoy this book, the Author could just have made half a dozen copies.<br />A  notation in a margin started 350 years of effort to solve, or rather prove  a theorem that Pierre de Fermat described thusly \\"I have discovered a truly  marvelous proof, which this margin is too narrow to contain\\". I recently  read a comment by Stephen Jay Gould that Mr. Fermat may not have known the  proof. His suggestion was that no amount of space allotted by any margin  would allow for the proof. I certainly am not qualified to question either  individual, but the space eventually used for the proof 356 years later by  Professor Andrew Wiles of Princeton may answer the query for you.<br />Math is  often put forth to show something that is universally true, a discipline  that transcends language, Nations, and their Cultures. Math \\"is\\" and always  will be, it allows for no opinion, it works or it does not. This book  exposes the reader to a lifetime fascination for Professor Wiles, as well  as the 7 years of near isolation it took to solve the mystery. If I  understood the text, there were actually requirements needed for the proof  that the mechanics for expressing those thoughts with Math did not exist,  for Professor Wiles or anyone else. He could not invent truths, but he, and  many who worked on this theorem for centuries were required to create new  tools, prove the new tools were indeed valid themselves, and then use them  to further their quest for the ultimate answer.<br />The book is also a  Historical work of the science and those that labored for the better part  of 4 centuries for the answer. It is a remarkable achievement, and it makes  for a great use of one's reading time. As for the Author Mr. Simon Singh,  he must be given tremendous thanks for his ability to bring this story to a  wide audience that otherwise would have had no access to the famous enigma  of Mr. Fermat.<br />Fascinating!labored for the better part  of 4 centuries for the answer. It is a remarkable achievement, and it makes  for a great use of one's reading time. As for the Author Mr. Simon Singh,  he must be given tremendous thanks for his ability to bring this story to a  wide audience that otherwise would have had no access to the famous enigma  of Mr. Fermat.<br />Fascinating!
B000008H1Y|5.0|Not only is this my favorite Tull album, but one of my favorite albums  ever. A wonderful listening experience in my opinion. I'll never forget how  blown away I was with the woodsy atmosphere when I first heard it. Required  daily listening in the month of October. If you don't have any Tull...start  here and finish what is called the 'Classic Trilogy' SFTW, Heavy Horses,  and Stormwatch.
6303012140|4.0|This action packed hilarious thriller that is starring Stallone as a 1996  cop that could catch any criminal that he wanted and Wesley Snipes as the  hilarious but ruthless crimanal that is supposedly the most dangerous  crimanal form the 90's. They are both frozen until about 2050. Now  everything is so peaceful that you get arrested for saying a curse word  more than once. Wesley Snipes escapes and causes so much havoc that the  po-pos can't handle it so they unfreeze Sylvester Stallone and he releases  hell on every criminal there. So watch this great action packed and  hilarious movie with teen and get ready to laugh and jump when watching.  Great for all kinds of audiences unless you are wanting a really serious  dramatic action like the Last Boy Scout.
B00003CWN2|4.0|This movie was very good and Swank portrayed Brandon/Teena wonderfully. I believe that those that didn't like it probably really didn't &quot;get  it&quot;, and should just stick to Disney movies that are easily read. The  acting and directing in this movie was by far Oscar worthy. Check it out  for yourself and see what I mean.
B000002TWN|5.0|I owe my affinity for D'Angelo to a friend who passed along the  cassette  of the (then not well known) artist to me after he decided he wasn't really  diggin Brown Sugar. I was instantly hooked. His voice reminded me so much  of Prince. The organ gave a sensual warmth to the whole production. My  favorite song has always been Jonz in My Bonz. This man has talent galore.   No matter your gender, ethnic origin, etc. treat yourself to this   spectacular, musical creation.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I was really skeptical at first.  My first memories of &quot;musical  awareness&quot; you might say come from my first listenings to &quot;the  Black Album&quot; as a freshman in high school.  Since then, I've seen  Metallica live, collected all their albums, and played their music with  fellow musicians/Metallica maniacs.  Trying to imagine how the gods of  metal would sound with an orchestra made me nervous.  Even hearing that the  extremely talented Michael Kamen was conducting and arranging didn't quiet  my fears.  And then I heard the version of Kall of Ktulu they put together  and all my fears vanished.  Metallica's music has always been  &quot;epic&quot; and indeed it tells a story.  Never has that been more  clear than after listening to this album.  This is the first legitimate  pairing of rock and symphony I have ever heard.  The symphony actually  enhances the music and shows off for the listener just how complex and  powerful Metallica's songs truly are.  I consider the versions of &quot;K  of K&quot;, &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; and &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot;  found here to be the definitive versions.  Metallica makes a musical  statement here that good music is good music, to hell what all of the  &quot;sell-out&quot; screamming purists and snotty pseudo-intellectuals  claim.  I heartily agree.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|Director Michael Mann's best film was without a doubt the The Last of the  Mohicans.  His adaption of James Fenimore Cooper's literary classic is  fantastic... (though he wasn't wholy faithful to the original.)  The  cinematography is a work of genius and the musical score is beautiful... It  really conveys the pioneering anti-authoritarian colonial spirit that  America was built on. It's timely message also shows you why the  self-reliant individualist has difficulty choosing between  &quot;wrong&quot; and &quot;wrong.&quot;  Hawkeye is the personification of  the laissez-faire individualist that longs for liberty, while seeking  refuge from those who want to control, dictate, and ruin the lives of  himself and his loved ones.<br />This movie will forever remain in my  unofficial top 5 five flicks of all time list. In response to the last  reviewer, one only has to read the political writings of Cooper to surmise  that Hawkeye being &quot;counter-culture&quot; is a little off-base... This  movie will remain a timely classic for the ages.
6303855474|4.0|Get ready for this great action packed thriller that stars Sylvester  Stallone as a ruthless judge that acts just like a robocop. He gets framed  for murder and it becomes an all out brawl to get himself justice. Ladies  and Gentlemen get your popcorn ready safety belts this is going to blow you  away.
B000001DVD|5.0|This is Def Leppard's best album, and that is saying a lot. &quot;Pyromania&quot; and &quot;Hysteria&quot; are two of the best  recordings ever put on tape, but High 'N' Dry is better. Nearly 20 years  after its original release, it still sounds as fresh as the day it came  out.<br />&quot;High 'N' Dry&quot; isn't quite as polished as Lep's later  stuff. There's fewer synths, and the production's not as strong. Once you  hear it, you'll quickly realize that this is a good thing. It lays the raw  power of Def Leppard bare, and the listener quickly notices that these guys  are even more capable than &quot;Pyromania&quot; and &quot;Hysteria&quot;  would indicate.<br />There simply isn't a bad or even a mediocre song on this  album. No filler here for sure. Any one of the tracks on &quot;High 'N'  Dry&quot; would justify the price of the CD. &quot;Bringin' On The  Heartbreak&quot; set the standard for power ballads, and in my opinion has  yet to be topped by anybody. The title track, &quot;Let It Go,&quot;  &quot;Another Hit And Run,&quot; &quot;You Got Me Running,&quot; and  &quot;Lady Strange,&quot; however, show that there is a lot more to  &quot;High 'N' Dry&quot; than &quot;Heartbreak.&quot; These songs rock like  nobody's business. It's a real shame that Joe Elliot and the guys have  pretty much disowned this album except for &quot;Heartbreak&quot;. If they  were to make a new album that even came close to &quot;High 'N' Dry,&quot;  they'd attract a whole new generation of fans in short order.<br />The CD and  later LP versions add two bonus tracks, a remix of &quot;Heartbreak&quot;  and &quot;Me And My Wine,&quot; that weren't on the original LP release in  1981. The original &quot;Heartbreak&quot; is the better of the two, but the  remix and &quot;Me And My Wine&quot; are still a plus. As if there wasn't  plenty there already.<br />If you don't have this album, buy it now. If you  have it on LP or cassette, this one's well worth upgrading to CD. This is  truly alandmark recording, and is not to be missed.
B000005AYM|4.0|What Badu has brought to the masses is refreshing.   This cd is a jazz,  hip hop, soul influenced masterpiece. Not only is her image positive but  her lyrics have meaning.  Other Side of The Game explores the dilema and  consequences of a relationship plagued by the boyfriend's not so legal  occupation ...&quot;work ain't honest but it pays the bills.&quot;  Certainly is sprinkled with melodic keyboards and breaks into an alluring,  jazzy, walking base line that sets the groove for Badu to gently remind you  of who is in control ...&quot;the world is mine when I wake up I don't need  nobody tellin me the time.&quot; This cd introduced the mainstream to  talented, intelligent, creative, self satisfied Black women of the 90's and  beyond. We can finally welcome the long line of more to come.  I highly  recommend this cd and look forward to her next release.
0375420525|4.0|How can you put this novel in any class or order??? The book by Mark Z.  Danielewski has humor, some(but not a lot of)suspence, and creeps and  chills. As a teenager reading this book, I have found that a lot of work  was put into the book, but ultimetly, it lacked much depth when wanting to  explain each character. Yes, I to once in a while looked over my shoulder  to see if anything in the house had changed and also I had a hard time  putting down the book when it was time to go to sleep. Daneielewski was  able to bring in some interesting characters such as Navidson, Karen,  Holloway, and Tom. But some characters could have been left out and still  could have made the book the way it is. Such characters include Jed and  Wax,the dog and cat, and Alicia Rosenbaum. The book had a little hint of  &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; inside it, but the situation laid out  in the book was so farfetched (like cameras all around the house, kinda  like Big Brother) that I had a hard time beleiving it. It was clever for  Danielewski to put Zampano and Trudent inside along with the infamous  footnotes, but the book still needs to grasp reality.If Danielewski wants  to make a sequel to this book, he really should go back to basics and not  to a house of leaves.
630419949X|5.0|Eraser is a clever, well written, action-packed thriller starring Arnold  Schwarzenegger. This film's action never really dies down at all, and the  cast ensemble is great. Great for those people who want to see a lot of big  explositions...Arnold style.
B000002GY9|5.0|i don't know what it is about this album really, it was the first album i  heard from tom waits. found it at a used cd store, picked it up, checked it  out and purchased it. put it in the cd player at home and hated its guts.  left it alone for about a year, got drunk with my dad (cool guy) and  started hearing it for the first time, the second time around.  ive bought  many tom waits albums since then and this one still manages to take me to  what id be bold enough to say the essence. its deep, its dark, and most  important, its felt by the man who created it.
0671034065|2.0|Ok, first of all, I'm not going to recap the plot.  If you've read the review by Amazon, it's good enough.  Second, this book's biggest problem is  that it tries to combine two genre's in one, and as usual, the romance is  just there so the bookstores will put it in the romance section.  This book  would have been MUCH better if 1.- She didn't have so many characters.  2.-  The who-done-it was more of a sub-plot..HEELLLOOO, this IS supposed to be a  romance novel, right? And 3.- Jaine and Sam needed more of the spotlight.   Linda gave the sub-characters too much voice and as a result, the main  characters suffered.  Personally, this was better than her last three, but  the style was about the same, and it's definately NOT worth a repeat  performance.  I, for one, think her best work involving a large group was  Heart of Fire..the characters had a voice but there was no doubt who the  stars were.  PLUS, the sex scenes were WAY better.  Anyone who doubts me,  read and compare. As characters go, Jaine and Sam are the best two to date,  they just got stuck in a lackluster book..It's a shame really, because what  dialogue Linda did manage with those two was really good.  So, my thoughts?   Get this from the library cause you won't want to waste your money.   Believe me.
158234082X|4.0|I don't think you're going to regret reading this book. But when you're  done, you might find yourself wondering what exactly you just read. Just be  aware beforehand that it's much more about the author than it is about  cooking or restaurants.<br />I was surprised at the incredible coarseness of  the book, but I thought, OK, that's real life in the restaurant world, if  you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen so to speak. But then  towards the end he shows you that actually that's NOT how it is all through  the restaurant world. Forget the last couple hundred pages.<br />So maybe he's  just a jerk. Do I feel good about giving my money away to some jerk? But  then again, he'll gladly TELL you he's a jerk. That's almost his point.  Isn't the view of a crude, wild, hedonistic lifestyle that most of us would  never live but still find fascinating why we buy these memoirs in the first  place?<br />I found myself saying, &quot;Wow, what an SOB (turn page) I can't  stand this jerk (turn page)...&quot; And that's not necessarily a bad  thing, although it did leave me wondering whether I could really say I  &quot;liked&quot; the book. What bothered me more was the poor structure of  the book and the almost total lack of editing. Really weird things, like  commas constantly popped up at random in the middle of, sentences. Like  that. It grew more than a little annoying. And it was almost the last  chapter before he actually defined all the cooking terms and the slang he  had been using for hundreds of pages. People showed up whose significance  he didn't explain until a number of chapters later.<br />So he's annoying, in  many ways the book is annoying, but it's a fun and wild ride that will  definitely give you something to talk about with your friends.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Rear Window ranks up there with Psycho, The Birds, and North By Northwest as some of the greatest movies Alfred Hitchcock ever made.  I don't  understand why the fully restored version is not making its way to DVD.  It  is a drastic oversight by the company who owns the rights to this film.  I  see bootlegs of this film sell for more than the price of a DVD, so the  demand is definitley there.  Please release it on DVD.  This beautiful  achievement by Hitch should not go unseen by the evergrowing digital  audience.
0316777722|5.0|Mr. Sedaris has done it again.  His wit, warmth and irrevent style, had me  laughing, crying and reflecting. The essay entitled &quot;Big Boy&quot; had  me recalling a similar incident, which happened to me on a friend's boat!   Mr. Sedaris has the capacity to make his readers uncomfortable.  Why?  Because his reality is not so far removed from ours, if we are honest.   He  is wonderful and so is this book.
0684800713|4.0|This is one of Hemingway's earliest novels.  He follows the relationships  of several American expatriates travelling through France and Spain.   Hemingway's sharp, athletic prose is almost brutal.  The characters are  clearly defined and well-rounded.  While the plot is not overwhelmingly  engrossing its worth reading.  Hemingway's original style and refreshing  take on life made him one of the great writers of the 20th  century.<br />Especially good are his descriptions of the bullfights of  Pamplona and the young matador who runs off with Lady Ashley!
0345403959|5.0|This is the first book I have read by Eddings, and I find it absolutely  difficult to put down. Of course I had to read the other books by Eddings  after coursing through this book, and I found the rest just as great.  Anyway, the plot and everything are highly imaginative, though it doesn't  ruin it for people who haven't read the other. I highly recommend this book  because it is fascinating, imaginative, and definitely addictive.
630245333X|3.0|Not a big fan of 50's sci-fi, but the original Blob freaked me out something good.  This one just doesn't retain the freakishness or eerie  dread of the original.  The special effects are definitely better and the  gore factor is high, with the requisite shlock-horror bits of T&amp;A  thrown in for good measure.  Highlights : Blob snaps man in half and pulls  him through a small opening, Blob ambushes and explodes woman in phone  booth; Dissolving boyfriend scene; Blob ambushes evil men in bio-warfare  suits who want to kill blob; and the aforementioned sink scene which could  be used as an effective deterrant to young people who want to become  plumbers.
0783233477|5.0|Around the time this came out, movies 3 hours or over always seemed to fit  the rep of a bad movie.  Most people cannot sit through a movie more than 2  hours, but there are percentage of us who can if the movie is interesting  as with this movie.  Everything about this movie is very enjoyable.  It is  so odd that this movie was in the works since 1984 and is great remake of  Death takes a Holiday.  Brad Pitt's performance is exceptional and I have  always been a fan of Anthony Hopkins.  This is the type of movie you do not  mind seeing more than once even though it is 3 hours long.  I find myself  having the same reactions to the movie everytime I see it again.  The  sountrack is superb and the music blends into the movie producing more  emotion everytime you see it.  This movie is one you need to add to your  library, you will more than likely get the urge to watch it again after you  see it.
6305897786|5.0|When I first saw The Ninth Gate in theatres, I walked out with my mouth wide open, its one of those movies you think about days after you see it.   No, its not filled with special effects and demons and people with their  heads spinning... this movie doesn't need it.  This movie has exellent  acting, Johnny Depp is showing his true talent with his recent films and  he's getting little recognition for it.  If you're a movie lover who sits  and waits for buildings to be blown up and people getting shot while you  drool on yourself, this movie isnt for you.  This movie is for movie buffs  that put some thought into the plot and sub-plots.  It has a message, and  if you don't understand that message, the end will seem dissapointing.  I  highly recommend this movie for anyone who loves great acting, chilling  storyline, and great directing.  This movie makes up for what movies today  are missing... a brain.
B000003NA3|5.0|I have certainly over 40 Trane titles, not to mention Miles stuff, etc.  and this one I believe is the most outstanding. Trane is certainly best  here on soprano and there is alot of it.  There are many moments of  brilliance from Trane throughout, but Eric Dolphy is just plain brilliant  with every note.  You get a sense for the influence that Dolphy had on  Trane as Dolphy seems to be definitely ahead of him musically and  spiritually.  I have not heard a stronger Dolphy recording anywhere. I was  reluctant to buy this with many duplicate tracks, but when I read the  review about variety in presentation and feel between the tracks, I bought  anyway and I concur wholeheartely.  If you are tired of hearing the studio  Trane recordings over and over, this one you could listen to for a long  time before it became recognizable.  Anyone who gives this less than 5  stars is just plain wrong. It's not perfection as there are a few recording  glitches, but the recording is good enough and the musicians are well  captured.
006092988X|5.0|This is the most realistic, well-written book that I have ever read. It  tells a facinating, honest story that allows the reader to see things in a  new light and pass their own judgement.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Since I'm not what can be called a fan of sci-fi or Keanu Reeves, I wasn't sure this movie would be for me.  Was I ever wrong!  'The Matrix' is the  complete package: stunning, mind-bending special effects, perfect casting,  brilliant directing, and a story that stands on its own.<br />The visual  effects are truly a marvel to view, and deservedly won an Oscar in this  category.  Fortunately, there's 26 'bonus' minutes of footage at the end of  the film explaining how much of it was done.  <br />Keanu Reeves is perfectly  cast as Neo in this film- he excels at looking confused and has  (thankfully) minimal dialogue.  He does have a great physique which makes  for a fantastic 'action-hero'.  Laurence Fishburne turns in a fine  performance as the cryptic Morpheus; his voice alone keeps one's attention  in a way reminiscent of James Earl Jones'.  The real 'star' of the film,  though, is Carrie-Ann Moss, who lights up the screen as Trinity. Beautiful,  smart and independent, she gives this film a soul and prevents it from  crossing into a stereotypical sci-fi 'annihilate the bad guys' film filled  with techno-babble.<br />This is a film which *must* be seen more than once in  order to fully appreciate all the hints and clues given early on in the  film.  Not only is a second viewing necessary, but it's enjoyable- again,  the special effects are magnificent and have to be seen to be believed.   It's definitely a film you shouldn't miss!
B000006Y60|4.0|I've just started listening to Depeche Mode not too long ago, and I fell  in love with them instantly. Their music ranges from semi-religious to love  to ideals. I love their music. The first song by Depeche Mode I ever heard  was &quot;Strangelove&quot; and then &quot;Enjoy The Silence.&quot; All of  their music is great and I end up loving all their songs, as opposed to  buying an album to listen only to maybe one or two tracks. Their music can  be soothing or upbeat. You can dance to it or relax. They're a great band  and I can't wait for their new album.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is the greatest heavy metal album of all time. Again, the Irons have  proved themselves as the masters of metal. Bruce is the metal air siren and  Smith added another miracle to the music. This album should be bought not  by just heavy metal fans but from everyone who listens to music!!
0425152251|3.0|I bought this book, simply because it had subtitle &quot;History of Philosophy&quot;.  The fact that the book already was a bestseller was not  important to me.  As I started reading, I was pleased to be able to refresh  my memory about world's most famous philosophers and the influence they had  on our world today.  But at the same time, I was disappointed with the  literary flows of Mr. Gaardner's ambitious 500+ pages work.  This book is  definitely lacking beauty of the written word and I am not sure if I am to  blame it's writer or the translation for it.  As much as I was glad that  Mr. Gaardner brough philosophy to the mass, who sometimes has hard time  understanding it, I was also let down by the lame plot of the  &quot;mystery&quot; of the story.
B0000028RR|4.0|After listening to the Matrix soundtrack album, which contains the track  &quot;Wake Up&quot;, I thought I'd give this album a try. How glad I am  that I did - A brilliant mixture of heavy rock guitar, with some awesome  riffs, complemented by the rantings of lead singer Zach de la  Rocha....excellent to get you pumped up! If you like rock, you'll love  this.
B00000JNO2|5.0|This is a very under-rated album by them, just because there is only 2  guitar players on this one doesn't mean that some people should turn their  heads on it. It has some great stuff by them and very good writing I may  add. Songs like Every Mothers Son, Trust, Gimmie Back My Bullets, Double  Trouble, and Searching. This is actually a really good album, please give  it a try.
B000002U6E|5.0|THIS is the album you should get if you want to get a feel for what Romanian Michael Cretu can put together. Splendid, new age-ish at times, but without becoming the classical \\"sound of the waves\\"-type album, soothing and inspiring: these are all ideas that come to my mind when I think of this production.<br /><br />You'll recall song #3, \\"Return to  Innocence\\", I'm sure.
0553275976|2.0|I used to live in New York City, so I thought Tom Wolfe was right on target in describing its politics and different social scenes, and  satirizing them. However, I couldn't relate to any of the characters; they  were far too stereotypical and not enough like real people for my taste.  You had your token Irish cops and pols, your token Italian pol/mafiosos,  your token Upper West Side Jewish intellectual lawyers, and your token  doofus WASP stockbrokers and socialites. I wouldn't be surprised if some  people found these depictions insulting. Maybe I'm personalizing this, but  it's also almost as if Wolfe is saying that if you don't fit any of these  stereotypes, you can never be a true &quot;hip&quot; New Yorker. I would  have found this book more interesting had the characters been much more  complex.
B00003XB8K|3.0|If you have heard Enigma's previous works, specially their second album  (Return to Innocence), you might be dissapointed a little bit. I was  expecting something different and original. Sure, elaborating on top of  Carmina Burana is original, but the way Michael Cretu did it was not what I  expected. It's as if since album #2 he has run out of structure  ideas!<br />However, if you've never heard Enigma, you might find it a very  nice album.
0380973464|5.0|well, not exactly serious literature, but one of those books you might come across by accident and discover with surprise that someone has written  a nearly perfect story *just for you*.
6303430570|5.0|This is my favorite comedy. It's nasty, rought, black&amp;white and so so so funny.<br />A lot of movies stole parts from this one, Dogma had the same  two bum-characters.<br />If you didn't see it - you have to run to your  video-rental store and BUY it! <br />Cheers
6305897786|5.0|This is sophistocated film fare for many U.S. viewers; at least that is this viewer's guess as to its nonstartle debut. Likely, the film angered and confused both the Christian Right and those card carrying members of the Practical Qabala. Upon seeing the film, I went out and purchased (and read) the book, El Club Dumas. Polanski has well articulated the very dangerous Left Hand Path of spiritual inquiry, its casualties seeking powers, and the one seeker (played by Johnny Depp) who is transformed from a researcher mercenary into a true seeker of spiritual truths. Polanski depicts the Left Hand Path very well. It is fun!
B000002UAR|5.0|Though I know it well, I sat down to listen carefully to  &quot;Revolver&quot; again before writing this review. In fact, I listened  twice. My conclusion? It may well be the greatest thing I ever heard. The  recordings themselves are very rich, and yield new wonders with each  repeated listen - definitely an album you need to own and enjoy many times.  For example, this time around I picked up the background drums that are  used in the piano ballad &quot;For No One&quot; - they're so distant, I  think they're even off-mike, and yet they contribute wonderfully to the  overall texture of the recording. The sounds here, be they guitars, bass,  pianos, tape loops or sitars, are amazing. They sound clearer than almost  any recordings from the sixties do, and yet they have a warmth that seems  to elude many modern recordings. John and Paul turn in excellent vocal  performances throughout, the songwriting is the usual superb mix (such  variety) of fun, profound, cutting, so many moods. Well, hear it for  yourself. Even if you've heard it before, go back and listen again. Damn,  this is good.
0385484518|5.0|This book would be a wonderful text for a &quot;death class&quot; or for  psychology.  In his own inimitable fashion, Morrie can teach more about  life and its true purpose and the coming of death than can any textbook.   -a teacher
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard has done it again!  Donovan is absolutely the hottest!  Jaine is so true to life you can relate to her - and her friends.  The verbal  sparring between Jaine and Sam is a riot and the sexual tension (in true  Howard fashion) becomes so thick you are just dying for the moment they  actual get together!  As others have said, the whodunit is a  &quot;no-brainer&quot;, but that doesn't matter with a Howard book because  it is her interaction of the characters that really makes it worth the  read. Don't hesitate...this is a GREAT read!
0440234743|4.0|Thankfully, The Testament is a much better read than The Street Lawyer,  Grisham's previous book (which is quite awful).  The Testament leaves out  all the bleeding-heart liberal b.s. that bogged The Street Lawyer down, and  instead spins an intruiging tale of a disgruntled billionaire who bestows  his vast personal fortune to a long-lost daughter.  The battle that ensues  between the old man's living relations is obviously intense, but the real  struggle is left to the recently-out-of-rehab lawyer assigned to track her  down in a very remote part of the Brazilian jungle.  His assignment is to  not ony find the heiress, but to convince her that even if she wants no  part of the fortune for herself, to bestowe it to anyone but her abysmal  half brothers and sisters.<br />Grisham finally returns to interesting story  lines and well developed characters, something that was severely lacking in  The Street Lawyer.  This is a good, but not great, book.  People who have  enjoyed Grisham's work in the past should enjoy The Testament.
B00003CX95|5.0|I will start by saying that I love this film, and that I have seen it over 10 times (8 of those times in the theater).  I think that it was well  acted, and was a great mark in Scottish patriotism.  Studies have shown  that whenever Braveheart is shown in theaters in Scotland that the  instances of vandalism and violence against English transplants increases  exponentially.<br />I saw an interview on the history channel with the screen  writer, and he said something odd...  he said that he never lets the facts  get in the way of the truth...  The movie is historically inaccurate, but  its job is to tell a story and to put across a message, that of the English  being total bastards and the Scots being pristene...  The battle of  Stirling was known as the battle of Stirling Bridge...  the Scots waited  until the English were on the bridge, and against chivalric law attacked  before they were ready, raining arrows on them and collapsing the bridge  and continuing to slaughter the English as they drowned in the river.  But  this doesn't make the Scots look pristene.  Notice that when the Scots  sneak oil behind the lines that it is the battle that they lose.  Still a  great movie, and I will watch it more times.
0060926317|1.0|This book is awful. It's shallow, condescending and ultimately ridiculous. Reading this book may even lower your IQ. Don't believe me? Read some of  the reviews praising this rubbish.
0441172717|5.0|This book is continually listed as a scifi classic.  After reading it for the 2nd time I wholeheartedly agree.  I read this for the 1st time about 10  years ago but I enjoyed the book much more now. This book is very original.   It covers the story of a planet being exploited for the Melange spice, a  slightly narcotic substance that is highly coveted across the universe.   Various families are fighting for control of the planet, which happens to  be a complete desert that it is very difficult to survive on.  The native  people work for whichever family controls the planet and are not treated  too well. This of course is a theme taken from the present-day world.   I  saw a lot of similarities between Arrakis (the planet) and various 3rd  world countries and between the Fremen (the native people) and various 3rd  world populations that are exploited for their countries' natural  resources.  The way they deal with this struggle is what makes the story  interesting. The science aspect of the story was well thought out also.  I  particularly found the ways that the Fremen controlled their water usage  interesting.  The plot moves along well with an exciting conclusion.
B00000J7J4|5.0|music for the world &amp; theres plenty of world outside the states.  Connecting with the youth on this album opens up a rainbow of possibilities  any way you wanna look at it. It sings to the world and more importantly to  the vital demographics of this millenium's youth.
630562285X|5.0|This movie was excellent. It keeps you guessing till the end trying to  figure out who the bad guy really is. The suspense and action are  wonderful. I loved watching the planning and preparations they took for  their heists. Very intelligently done and I'd watch it again and again.
B00003CWL6|4.0|I just got finished watching this movie and I must say that I enjoyed it a great deal. It was not exactly what I expected it to be, but none the less  it was cast and directed beautifuly. Kevin Spacey was great as the love him  or hate him Lester, and Annette Benning was also believable in her role.  Everybody was perfectly cast in this film. The only thing I did not like  about American Beauty was the fact I was depressed at the end. Not at the  movie, but the mode the movie puts you in, and makes you look at life at a  new level. I guess that is the point of the movie though, but the movie  feels like something is missing. If you are a movie fan and you didn't get  to see this movie yet, I recommend renting it. I heard if you see it twice  you will appreciate it more, so thats exactly what I'm gonna do.
0792846338|5.0|Who'd have thought director Rob Reiner could scare the living daylights  out of an audience?  Thanks to Stephen King's brilliant writing and  performances by Kathy Bates and James Caan that will rip you out of your  seat, this film is a horrific adventure into the mind of a psycho literary  fan!<br />It's all too real to see the adoration Annie shows Paul; after  all, she is &quot;his number one fan&quot; and then watch how her  &quot;love&quot; turns to control, manipulation, terror, and ultimately,  tragic violence.<br />Kathy Bates was not a well-known actress before this  film was released, but her portrayal here won her an Academy Award and put  her on the A-List of leading ladies, and quite deservedly so.  Her face can  evoke both tender sympathy and vile disgust at the same time, a skill that  not many one-dimensional actors can pull off these days!  James Caan is  superb no matter what he does, so this film is a perfect fit for ALL the  talents involved, from King and Reiner to the talented co-stars.<br />This is  one for your video library!
B0000048YO|5.0|Rita Hayworth's immortal film that haunted her throughout life and career,  once quoted about the men in her life as, &quot;They went to bed with  Gilda, and woke up with me...&quot;. <br />Infamous and seductive in its most  popular days, Gilda is a film that represents some of the best and  memorable scenes from the film noir genre. The beauty of this film is in  the silent moments. It is in the contrast of the shadows and light in every  scene from the moment when Glen Ford enters the film from a darken alley to  Rita Hayworth tossing her hair over her shoulder. What is impeccable about  the film is the chemistry of the cast, and style of the film itself.  Several particular scenes that stand out:<br />---Gilda's sultry performance  of &quot;Put the Blame on Mame&quot;.<br />---Gilda and Johnny dancing for the  first time at the club.<br />---Gilda's curse of damning the woman who wronged  Johnny.<br />---Gilda's declaration of hate for Johnny, &quot; I hate you so  much, I'd destroy myself just to take you down with me...&quot;
B000002BYD|4.0|This was my first Pearl Jam album. I've always heard great things about the band, their legendary &quot;Ten&quot; album, their anthems, and their  great musicianship. Although this isn't &quot;Ten&quot;, the other two  comments hold up for &quot;Yield&quot;. Beginning with &quot;Brain Of  J.&quot;, the song has a punk riff in it that's both fast and catchy. It's  a great song that has a nice slow break in the middle (&quot;...the name  they gave me...&quot; sounds incredibly beautiful with Eddie Vedder's  voice). &quot;Faithfull&quot; is a more laid-back rock song, it's great.  &quot;No Way&quot; sounds like more of a jam song, the main guitar riff  seems somewhat out of place with Eddie's vocals, but they hold it together  nicely. &quot;Given To Fly&quot; is yet another (and there are many here)  rock song with a great melody. It's lyrics stand out the most.  &quot;Wishlist&quot; is the second best song here. It's even lighter than  the previous songs, but I wouldn't call it a ballad. Having Eddie Vedder  wish for stuff is quite ironic, but he wishes for things it seems all of us  would prefer as opposed to the superficial stuff. &quot;Pilate&quot; is a  good song. &quot;Do The Evolution&quot; is my favorite Pearl Jam song ever.  &quot;I buy stocks on the day of the crash&quot; and &quot;I can kill  'cause in God I trust&quot; are probably the best lines off the album. It's  by far the best one here, it's one of the best rock songs for the 90's.  It's sad that both the song and album were overlooked. And just as sad,  &quot;Do The Evolution&quot; was &quot;Yield&quot;'s peak. &quot;-&quot;  (track eight) sounds like a theme to an Asian game show. &quot;MFC&quot; is  just okay. &quot;Low Light&quot; is better. &quot;In Hiding&quot; starts  off with a classic rock riff (sorta like The Who) but turns into another  soft rock song. Not bad, but not &quot;Wishlist&quot; either. &quot;Push  Me, Pull Me&quot; is just as weird as track eight, what's up with Eddie  talking instead? Thankfully, &quot;All Those Yesterdays&quot; turns out to  be great. It's one of the many soft rock songs here. While  &quot;Yield&quot; does have some filler, it also has some great highlights  as well. It was a shame this and The Smashing Pumpkins' &quot;Adore&quot;  (which is excellent as well) were so overlooked in 1998. Still, if you're  an alternative rock fan, you owe it to yourself to check them both out.
B00004THAY|4.0|King &amp; Clapton have produced an enjoyable CD with a better than  average songlist. These two guitar masters weave together some delicious  riffs on this project. BB still has his chops, Clapton is on top of his  game, and they seem to enjoy the collaboration. Essential for any blues  collection.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Oops...She did it again!  She screwed up another CD!   I admit, the girl is beautiful and a hard worker, but not a musician.  Whats  &quot;crazy&quot; is that people go to college for singing and work their  whole life to perfect their art, and a not-so-talented inexperienced  teenager hits it big.  I think she is a bad role model for her target  audience, with her slithering body and bare midriff.  She is entertainment,  but please don't call her a diva; it is a title she does not deserve.
0140282033|3.0|This book was recommended by a friend whose literary tastes I respect.  However, I was disappointed. The story is simplistic, with the plot  development easy to predict. Harris's evil priest is a one-dimensional  character as are most of the others. Good for an &quot;airplane read&quot;  but nothing more.
B000001IPP|5.0|Yes, we all welcome Lars into Rancid with open arms.  His funky  bass-popping influences create pure punk on this '94 release.  With their  first video &quot;Salvation&quot; getting lots of air on MTV, the CD sold  like hotcakes on that song alone!  But there's so much more on this CD to  love.  &quot;Nihilism&quot; brings together a great duo of Tim and Lars'  literally cool vocals to the spotlight.  With slight rockabilly/reggae  influences(only slight), this CD offers more than just straight-forward  punk rock.  It's like a kick in the pants to punk rock, in a way of shaping  it differently.  If you liked &quot;Rancid&quot;, you'll go ape for  &quot;Let's Go&quot;.  Best songs - Radio(co-written with Billie Joe from  Green Day), Salvation, Burn, Ghetto Box, International Cover-Up, 7 Years  Down.  It's 23 songs, so you'll never get tired!!!
B00004TJTS|5.0|What a wonderful movie this is!  This movie is well acted, the story is  wonderful, and anybody who had a dog growing up can relate to this movie.   This movie will please old and young, just remember to keep some tissue  near by.
B000001IQH|5.0|This CD has some of the greatest work ever done by such a band as Rancid.   Not only is there such catchiness to the now more ska-influenced songs here  and there, but even the old school punk rockers can love its occasional  pounding song!  There's something for everyone on this extreme gem of an  album!  It is their best-seller, anyway.  That can only say that Rancid has  produced an album that can suffice to a wide variety of tastes and ages.   Well, some vulgarity is included, but that's the greatness that is punk  rock!!!!  Best songs - Too many to list.  If there's too many to list, YOU  KNOW YOU GOTTA GET IT!
0380973464|5.0|Is it a war story? yes. Is it a love story? yes. Is it a geek hi-tech story? yes.  It's also one of the best written books I've had the pleasure  of reading in a long time. With this book it's not the completion (how will  it end?) that's the goal, it's the journey.  <br />This is a book that will  completly involve you.  It's rare that I'm so impressed by a book that I  feel a need to read sections out loud to my wife &quot;Honey, come here you  won't believe what just happened in this book&quot;.  Although I must admit  that trying to read her the pig story while laughing so hard that I  couldn't breath was a bit difficult.<br />This is not a hi-tech book.  It's a  fantastic novel with a hi-tech story line.
B000000FG8|5.0|Alright, some like punk, some like ska, and some like hardcore metal.  What if they all got together?   You got yourself one of the greatest bands ever to grace Gilman.  With extremely catchy ska beats, hard-hitting  lyrics(Unity, Take Warning), and obvious punk beats, anyone could like this  album!  And, you got Tim and Matt from RANCID in there!  It's truly magic!   Best song(s) - Sound System, Take Warning, Unity, Artificial Life, Healthy  Body, Officer.  Get it.
B00000FCBC|5.0|first let me clear up something: BOTH DISKS ARE GOOD!!  Disk one has about  2 weak songs on it, thats all. Anyways to make a long story short, this is  a good album that every Metallica fan should have.
B000000H57|4.0|i think this is much better than Bloody Kisses, don't ask me why, but i  do. i think the standout tracks are, Red Water(Christmas Mourning), Love  You To Death, Wolf's Moon, and Burnt Flowers Fallen. In Praise of Bacchus  is ok toward the end. I like the Haunted but it's to slow and too long, i  like long songs, but this one is the same thing. Be My Drrrrrrrruidess is  pretty stupid. Die With Me is ok, but it has lousy lyrics. My Girlfriend's  Girlfriend is very good too. All in all Type O is a great band, they bring  the best of goth rock to the world. there are alot of good goth bands, but  no one knows about them, and Type O may be what people need to realise goth  is pretty good stuff.
067942850X|4.0|Jon Krakauer's Into the Wild is the story of a young man named Chris McCandless who in April 1992 hitchhiked to Alaska and walked into the  wilderness north of Mt. McKinley. Four months later his decomposed body was  found by a party of moose hunters. The details of the story show that  McCandless was mentally unsound: he traveled to the wilderness completely  unprepared, he for no apparent reason vandalized several cabins in the  vicinity of his location there, and when in dire straits did nothing to  save himself. <br /> Chris McCandless traveled into the wild completely  unprepared. He traveled with only a few things, like his clothes, like a  gun, and a bag of rice. He got to Alaska by driving there and then  abandoned it. He then stayed in a bus left by an exploration team in the  1930's. He changed his name, gave the entire balance of a $24,000 savings  account to charity and burned all the cash in his wallet. He should have  brought a compass and some equipment to help live in the wild like a more  powerful gun, a tent, and a flare, and a cell phone. <br /> Chris  McCandless trashed some cabins. He trashed everything that wasn't nailed  down. All the lamps were broken broken and most of the windows. The bedding  and mattresses had been pulled outside and thrown in a pile, ceiling boards  yanked down, fuel cans had holes shot in them, and the food was all taken.  Chris McCandless might have felt like he wanted to set the wilderness free.   Destroying the cabins would be a way of doing that. Whenever the reason  was I think it was wrong. <br /> Chris McCandless was in need of help. He  knew that only one mile from the bus was an Alaskan Highway Patrol that  could help him. But he just didn't try hard. He also could of fired his gun  to let people know he was there and get help but he failed to do that.  Chris McCandless died by failure to act. <br />  Chris was mentally ill.  There is a big problem with a mentally ill person being out the middle of  nowhere. Hehad no supervision, so he was going crazy.  This is what I call  a mentally ill person. He needed some help and he also need to stop and  think about what he was doing.
B000001Y2U|2.0|i don't see the hype of this album. it's nowhere near as good as Portrait.  the majority of songs on this album are just mindless anthems of hate. a  few good tracks are &quot;minute of decay, mr. superstar, and  deformography&quot; the irresponsible hate anthem and antichrist superstar  maybe good if you are one of those people stuck in a self-pity party and  mad at the world. 1996 is just a useless rant about hating the world, i  just don't see the point. Portrait is a great album as is mechanichal  animals.
158234082X|3.0|For strong stomachs only. Bourdain is aggressive, famous, undoubtedly competent, and very smart and funny. He is also a little bit scary, for  food to him - like sex, drugs, and cigarettes (mentioned throughout the  book, often) is a consumable, at its best thrilling, but also devoid of  real meaning.  These forceful essays are meaty exposes of the restaurant  business, and probably should not be read for &quot;inspiration&quot; or  enlightenment, or even particularly creative ways to think about people or  food. He's a hedonist, and free with his dislikes (vegetarians, for  example), but - in contrast to other famous 'writing' chefs - Julia Child,  James Beard, Alice Waters come to mind - he does not love people or the  possibilities of food nearly as much as he loves excitement and power. I  was disturbed by his mercenary approach to his business, and some of the  scenes he described are downright sickening - and included purely to shock.
B000001Y79|5.0|I think that Tragic Kingdom is one No Doubt's best albums. I like how they  came away from the ska sound and mixed a little more of your average rock  into it. The songs have alot of meaning, especially &quot;Don't  Speak&quot;. If you liked the last album you should really like this one.
B00003CWL5|5.0|If you work in a corporation and live in the suburbs, you will relate to this movie.<br />The movie starts out on an odd note, where you hear the  narrator, say that he will die in 1 year.  You then hear that his daughter  is discussing getting someone to kill him.  Great set up for a movie.  With that framework the fun begins.<br />Kevin Spacey is a salesman in a  company like most that is going through the gauntlet of re-organization.  He is asked by a corporate hired &quot;efficiency expert&quot; to write his  own job description.  Many of us in corporate America know this is a  two-edged sword.  Make it good enough and you will eliminate a co-worker.  Make it not good enough and eliminate yourself.  Of course the efficiency  expert, is new to the company and has little respect for loyalty and past  successes.<br />Kevin's screen wife is Annette Bening, she is a plastic  suburban real estate agent.  The world doesn't meet her standard's so she  left it long ago to become Martha Stewart.  Every now and then the cracks  show through and she does a wonderful scene demonstrating that.<br />Their  daughter is the typical teenager, has everything, and hates the people that  provided it.  Especially her father, who walks on egg-shells at home, to  keep from bursting his plastic wife's bubble.<br />Their neighbors are  perfect.  On one side we have the 90's gay couple trying to be the perfect  neighbors and fitting in with typical suburban life.  On the other side  the newcomers, they have a military type father, that is so anti-gay it is  a cartoon.  His son is apparently recently returned from a drug  rehab-psych. ward.  The military guy's wife looks like she is treading a  thin line between father and son.  Ironically, the son is the saner of the  three of them.<br />With all this in mind Kevin Spacey coping with potential  job cuts, his wife dealing with a highly competitive California real estate  market and the daughter going through the trauma of a teenager, you have a  situation ripe for one of them to blow.<br />Pretty much they all do.<br />Kevin  Spacey meets the new neighbors, the neighbors meet each other.  Remember  the anti-gay military guy and the suburban gay couple.  You can figure the  rest.<br />Through several incidents, Annette Benings real-estate party, going  to the daughters game at school, a rough real estate showing things start  to twist around.<br />Kevin Spacey is inspired to hand in the job  description that we would love to give to the &quot;efficiency&quot;  expert, but ties it up with a golden parachute that allows him to pursue  other interests.  He also decides he is entirely smitten with his  daughter's vapid best friend.  (It is amazing some of the comments this  best friend makes.) His wife in &quot;awe-inspired&quot; bliss and over  frustration of her husband's new attitude takes off on a new venture  herself.  (Hey, I don't want to tell you everything).<br />The daughter in the  mean time discovers the next door neighbor isn't so bad after all, and ends  up with him.<br />While things all seem to be headed down the path of new  alliances, through some mistaken assumptions and incredibly bad timing a  bomb that is about to go off gets it's fuse lit.  You can see it coming.  The problem is you don't know from which direction.<br />No, I'm not going to  tell you what happened.  You really have to see the movie to appreciate the  timing and the build up.<br />How many people are going to see themselves in  this movie?a teenager, you have a  situation ripe for one of them to blow.<br />Pretty much they all do.<br />Kevin  Spacey meets the new neighbors, the neighbors meet each other.   Remember  the anti-gay military guy and the suburban gay couple.   You can figure the  rest.<br />Through several incidents, Annette Benings real-estate party, going  to the daughters game at school, a rough real estate showing things start  to twist around.   <br />Kevin Spacey is inspired to hand in the job  description that we would love to give to the &quot;efficiency&quot;  expert, but ties it up with a golden parachute that allows him to pursue  other interests.   He also decides he is entirely smitten with his  daughter's vapid best friend.  (It is amazing some of the comments this  best friend makes.) His wife in &quot;awe-inspired&quot; bliss and over  frustration of her husband's new attitude takes off on a new venture  herself.  (Hey, I don't want to tell you everything).<br />The daughter in the  mean time discovers the next door neighbor isn't so bad after all, and ends  up with him.<br />While things all seem to be headed down the path of new  alliances, through some mistaken assumptions and incredibly bad timing a  bomb that is about to go off gets it's fuse lit.   You can see it coming.   The problem is you don't know from which direction.<br />No, I'm not going to  tell you what happened.  You really have to see the movie to appreciate the  timing and the build up.<br />How many people are going to see themselves in  this movie?
B000002BUY|5.0|Hey! This BAND totally stands apart from other rock bands. Heck, I dont even wanna call them ROCK, its totally unique. THe lead singer, Brandon, is  one hell of a good singer. Their Lyrics are so positive and meaningful,  Unlike KORN or PapaRoach; Self Mutilation/Hurting others. Ive seen Incubus  Opening show for 311. Daym! They practically stole the SHOW! But their  &quot;Make Yourself&quot; album was okay, due to the ract that it was kinda  slow! I guess its for those MAture people out there, but I still dig it!
B00000IPAX|5.0|omg blink 182 is the best i luv there music i am like one of there number  one fan i have all there cds and i really think there music will all ways  be good with ne drummer i hope scott is donig good in collage i wish the  best for him and i hope travis finger geets better i would never be able to  choose beetween there cds i luv them all my fav song from enema of the  state is going away to collage cuz i just luv it and i now every word to  all there songs to all ther cds i luv them soo much especially tom delongue  i luv you tom and mark hoppus is kool too and so is travis barker but i  still luv u tom. muah mio
0790731002|4.0|Decent movie, nice background colors, rather erratic music, and overly  done.  Why is this movie not the best Batman film?  Simple, acting is not  great enough.  Second, Val Kilmer is not suitable for a Batman character,  whereas Michael Keaton fitted the character just better.  Above all the  greatest reason why Batman(1989) outduels this one is the superior  performance of Mr. Jack Nicholson.  Tommy Lee Jones can act, but he is not  of Jack Nicholson caliber.  Further, Jim Carrey is a helpless comical  clown, no personality, no acting class.  Good movie, but not excellent,  why?  Poor actors, nevertheless Nicole Kidman was probably the only good  particle added to this sequel.
0792844939|3.0|Before I saw New York New York, I never knew anything about it! Maybe it's because I am only a teenage girl, or maybe because I am not a huge Martin Scorsese fan.. But I never really knew about it.. and I knew my parents had  saw it.. But I never really asked them what was it about.. And one night I  was watching t.v. and it was on! So I decided to watch it.. and I really  did like the beginning.. just watch and see.. Liza Minnelli is a beautiful  actress and her voice is even more beautiful.. and Robert De Niro is a very  talanted man.. But I wanted to kill his character! lol.. (just watch and  see) I did enjoy this movie.. but then I began to lose intrest.. possibly  because the beginning was exciting.. that some how i expected more.. But  the acting is excellent.. and Martin Scorsese's directing was also great..  I think if I might of had a greater intrest to watch it.. I might of  enjoyed it more.. But this movie is worth your time.. and possibly you may  have full intrest through out this movie.. it doesn't hurt to relax, get  confy, and watch it
B00003CXGG|5.0|Romeo Must Die was an all-in-all great movie. It is basically about a  &quot;war&quot; between 2 families fighting for Waterfront property, and  Jet Li (Han)and Aaliyah (Trish) somehow ends up meeting in a cab. Jet Li  than follows her a lot and from there, their relationship grows. The end  reveals surprise. (not really, just from what should have been).The fight  scenes were magnificent and somewhat resembled the Matrix.(same creator).  The X-ray effect was new to me and pretty cool (shows what happens in the  body). Although, compared to another Chinese TV show (Yan Zi Li 3), the  fight scenes were a so-so. They don't show China and Hong Kong true  fighting skills though. Although the trick over and under the leg with the  hose was pretty entertaining. If you're really interested in some  gravity-warping fighting, go rent a Chinese ancient movie.
6305232660|3.0|Okay I realize that this was a big budget movie with a stellar cast. I  also appreciate the fact that it wasn't half bad - especially when compared  to those great seventies clunkers ( Earthquake, Towering Inferno ). Though  it's also a very good possibility in twenty five years this movie will be a  groaner as well. Nevertheless I couldn't help but think this was a woman's  disaster film. Imagine if the Lifetime Network made a disaster film ....  you don't have to here it is. Not a terrible way to burn a couple of hours  and compared to Armeggedon I suppose it's more &quot;realistic&quot; But  good gosh Armmeggedon has something this movie dosen't - a sense of fun.
B000002KLQ|5.0|Although it produced no hit singles, &quot;Making Movies&quot; is beyond  question Dire Straits' masterpiece.  Mark Knopfler's ripping guitar forms  the backdrop for seven beautiful, haunting, fiercely personal cuts.  Every  song perfectly captures a deep human emotion, from the bitter heartache of  &quot;Romeo And Juliet&quot; to the angry defiance of &quot;Solid  Rock&quot; to the steamy lustfulness of &quot;Expresso Love&quot;.  There  are no weak songs, though the bouncy and playful &quot;Les Boys&quot;,  which ends the album, seems a bit out of place compared to the six deadly  earnest songs that precede it.<br />Yes, the album owes a heavy debt of  gratitude to Springsteen, with many cuts building on the Boss's signature  guitar/organ/piano framework.  But, Knopfler's vocal delivery and deft  guitar work, plus the band's sparser and cleaner arrangements, never allow  you to forget that you're listening to Dire Straits.  Only &quot;Tunnel Of  Love&quot;, which sounds like a cross between &quot;Thunder Road&quot; and  &quot;Sandy&quot; strays a little too far into Bruce's territory but for  that the boys can be forgiven.<br />One tip:  this album must be heard in its  entirety to be fully appreciated.  It will take you on a rollercoaster ride  of emotion, something that no greatest hits album can ever duplicate.
0060987464|5.0|i am a big fan of marilyn manson. i will say that off the bat. but that  does not effect my thoughts on this book. it is beautifuly writen. it lets  you see the life of a man whom most adults hate. many teenagers look to and  children fear. it makes you compare your life to his and makes you think  what you could have been. even if you totaly hate him and wish to have the  administrate the death penality, you should read this book to see were he  comes from.
B00000I5Y6|2.0|Kansas had their moments, especially in the late 70s, but this isn't the  definitive collection by any stretch.  The 80s songs weren't much good when  they were new, and they sure haven't gotten better with age.<br />If all you  want are their Big Three hits -- Wayward, Dust, and Point -- plus the  beautiful Song For America, then by all means pick up this album.  But if  you want more bang for your buck, buy Leftoverture and Point Of Know Return  instead and figure out some alternate way to score SFA.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|After a 7-year hiatus, A-Ha reunite for a last-ditch attempt at reconnecting with their audience. And, astonishingly, they've achieved  something unexpected - an entire album's worth of consistently excellent  songs. Earlier albums were always plagued by unevenness - occasional  stellar tracks overwhelmed by dismissable accompanying material. Not so  with this album. Even the weakest track, &quot;The Company Man&quot;, a  typical A-Ha lyrical throw-off, somehow rises above mediocrity due to the  music at its heart. A-Ha have stopped taking themselves so seriously, which  is all for the better. Gone are the bloated, over-produced songs of the  Stay On These Roads days and the incongruously stripped-down sound of the  East Of The Sun, West Of The Moon sessions. This album breaks new ground,  striking a balance between the acoustic and the synthetic that perfectly  complements Morten's introspective vocals.<br />The songs are all so strong,  that it is difficult to choose stand-outs. The title track is a perfect  opener for the album, and the beautifully redone &quot;Velvet&quot; gleams  languidly, but the album really seduces the listener beginning with  &quot;Thought That It Was You&quot;. From that point on, the album won't  let go. &quot;I Wish I Cared&quot; is an absolute masterpiece - if you can  listen to this song and not be transported, then you're not human. This is  followed by the unforgettable &quot;Barely Hanging On&quot;, the  bittersweet &quot;You'll Never Get Over Me&quot;, the up-tempo retro-80's  &quot;I Won't Forget Her&quot;, and the concluding blast-off of &quot;Mary  Ellen Makes The Moment Count&quot;. This is the strongest 6-song set of any  album in recent memory, a remarkable feat for any band to achieve; a minor  miracle for A-Ha.<br />Highly recommended for anyone, curious newcomers or  die-hard fans alike. This is the album that you always hoped A-Ha would  make, finding them at their long-overdue best. Better late than never!
B000002L68|5.0|For those who might notice that this is the same review as given by The  Answer last October, let me state that I am The Answer and am simply  looking to consolidate my online reviews.<br />I was floored anew by the  perfection of this record yesterday. I don't know if you've listened to the  album recently, but I think it might still be the best singular work that  Prince ever put out; certainly the best of that time period. Every single  track is fully realized and executed, and always in the most concise  fashion (that fact alone, I think, after the rambling eight and nine minute  electronic funk extravaganzi prevalent on &gt; 1999, marks a tremendous  advance in pop radio awareness). The production is spot-on and, while the  Revolution performs flawlessly throughout, it is Prince the guitarist and  vocalist who truly shines in what is, without question, the most emotional  and honest of all his official releases. Even the radio-ready dance cuts  like &quot;Let's Go Crazy&quot; and &quot;Baby I'm A Star&quot; carry,  lyrically, a fair amount of clout, refusing to be dismissed as simple club  fodder (unlike previous beat-centric cuts like &quot;1999&quot; and future  booty-movers like &quot;Kiss&quot;). Of course the closing title track and  the album's centerpiece, &quot;When Doves Cry&quot; are masterpieces of  anthemic rock; the instrumental performances are meticulous while the vocal  retains a raw edginess that, to this day, is still convincing. All in all,  a record for the ages. It is work like this that people should be thinking  of when they hear the name &quot;Prince&quot; instead of the ridicule in  which he (by his own hand, in many cases) has become mired in the 1990's.
0425170349|5.0|Fragments of my life were falling All around as you sat talking Not seeing  me with your eyes Not hearing your own lies Not (567) knowing what you're  doing To me<br />This was a great book. I particularly enjoyed the flying  ballerinas.
0767830555|5.0|TAXI DRIVER: Robert DeNiro's portrayal of a disturbed, psychotic taxi  driver is the most convincing role he ever delivered.  When one watches  this film they are completely taken over by his performance and literally  in Travis Bickle's world.  This world is hard, cold, sleazy, unforgiving,  and most importantly lonesome.<br />A person like Travis Bickle existing in  reality, which he most certainly does, would probably be denounced by  society.  However, through the magic of Martin Scorsese and company this  sadly mentally disturbed person becomes a hero and role model.  Most people  would find this to be a very frightening concept, but there is a little bit  of Travis Bickle in every one of us.  <br />Who has gone through life without  feeling lonely or unloved at one time or another?  Who has never been  rejected or experienced relationship problems?  Who has not dreamed of  doing something that they would consider &quot;really big&quot; in their  life?  Who has not joked or fantasized about taking the law into their own  hands?  As bad as it may sound, who has not had a fantasy about committing  a gloriously violent act?  From a male perspective, who has not helped or  wished to save a damsal in distress?  I would be hard pressed to believe  that anyone could answer no to all of these questions.<br />This movie brings  one man's answer to all of these questions to life.  It is a tour de force  of intense real life psychological chaos.
B00004TWZG|3.0|This is a somewhat unlikely story about a &quot;friendship&quot; between a middle-aged hit-man and a young girl whose family is massacred for  drug-related problems.  The massacre occurs near the beginning of the  movie.  Mathilda, the girl, walks by as her father, step-mother, sister and  4 year old brother are killed by the bad guys (corrupt DEA agents).  To  save herself, Mathilda knocks on her neighbor's door.  Her neighbor, a  hitman and the &quot;good guy&quot; in this movie, opens the door and gets  stuck with her.<br />Mathilda convinces the hitman to train her so she can  avenge the death of her four-year-old brother.  She makes it a point that  she didn't really care about the rest of her victimized family.  The movie  goes on to show Mathilda practicing to be a hit-person (hitting a bulls-eye  on the first practice shot) and even pretending to be a delivery girl to  successfully get into the DEA.  The unbelievability of scenes like these  are the principal weakness of this movie, along with some of the silly  dialogue.<br />However, the movie also has its strengths including great  performances by the lead characters, and the brilliant direction of the  action sequences.  <br />Unfortunately, I disagree with most reviewers as to  the portrayal of the relationship between the hit-man and Mathilda.  There  are some innuendos that are quite disturbing.  For example, while they are  at a hotel, the receptionist refers to the hitman as her father.  Mathilda  corrects him and says, &quot;He is not my father; he is my lover.&quot;  In  another scene,  Mathilda comes out dressed as Madonna (make-up and  underclothes exposed)to amuse the hitman.  While this can all be viewed as  &quot;ok&quot;, it was too ambivalent for my comfort.
B00004SCX6|2.0|I liked the first album alot, and keep in mind I'm a guy who usually listens to only heavy metal.  This one however, loses just about all that  made the first one good.  The sweet, innocent, somewhat submissive Britney  is gone, and a cruel, domineering Britney has taken her place.  The title  track is about a girl who loves to play with a guy's heart, breaking it  again and again.  It's such an evil song.  The only songs I like on it are  &quot;Don't Let Me Be the Last To Know,&quot; &quot;What you see (Is what  you get),&quot;  and &quot;Lucky.&quot;  3 good songs out of 10.   &quot;Don't let me be the last to know&quot; has that sweet soulful sound  that she used to possess. I guess &quot;Oops&quot; has a nice beat, but the  lyrics are so cruel that I can't listen to it.  Worth about 5 dollars based  on those three good songs.  Get the first one instead.
0553573403|5.0|If you read this series, try not to get too attached to any particular character; you never know when Martin might kill him/her off. In fact, bet  on it. Martin himself had said, perhaps jokingly, that everybody will be  dead by book 5 and book 6 will be all about snow blowing over graves. The  latter is laughable but the former is all too possible.<br />Even though all  is gloom and doom for everyone of the characters, the reader's sense for  hope is sharpened and any little victory or lucky break shall be savored so  much more. And Martin provides enough of these to pull you through the  engrossing narrative, all the while the big picture always looks grimmer  than before.<br />Martin is no Pulitzer winner, and his writing skill is on  the level with that of a good historian. Nevertheless, he succeeds at  creating a believable setting. He never lets the scenery or the sorcery  interfere with this primarily character driven fantasy.<br />The characters  are the main draw in this story. My favorite is Dany, but maybe that's just  because I am a rather hormonal teenager? His world is good but still bland  given the size of the two volumes I've read. A Storm of Swords just came  out in England so I haven't read it yet. The magical aspects were as  ethereal in the first book as they are here on Earth, but they have come  into play in the second book. I have not been overly impressed with them,  but then, neither am I annoyed with them as I am with some overbearing  magic systems in other fantasy series.<br />It would not be a crime to label A  Song of Ice and Fire as a medieval soap opera, albeit more explicit and  violent, after reading the first two books. However, The general direction  Martin is taking is towards slow development of the fantasy aspects. There  are bigger and better things on the horizon.<br />To wrap it up, I must say  that Martin's frank style attracts me. That is how I like it. He is  objective and does not try to interfere with his characters and their  realities.d their  realities.
B000007P9C|5.0|I reviewed a different version of this film, because i wanted the $50 gift  certificate.  But i hadnt actually seen the movie, i just knew the plot.   After having seen the movie, it's even better than i thought.  It doesn't  rival Dracula (1931)...IT BEATS IT!!  Max Schreck is just as scary as i  said in the last review, plus the movie overall is kinda creepy.  Another  thing is this movie isnt ruled by christianity like Dracula.  Renfield is  always an enjoyable character, in this or Dracula.  I could just go on and  on about subtleties, but, well, i don't even know why i'm reviewing this.   I guess i still want the gift certificate =P.  Oh well, it's still the best  movie of all time, so go out and get it!!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is my favorite disc in my entire collection of CDs.  Im an avid  listen to ANY kind of music, I can listen to anything and usually like it,  but this is my favorite disc.  The lyrics are great, especially my favorite  song &quot;Easily&quot; which I have sung so much, my friends are gonna go  INSANE.  But also, all the great guitar and bass playing makes this a great  disc for anyone.
6302293553|5.0|Foreign comedy troupes are always much more hilarious than us americans.   Like the Kids in the Hall, the Canadian troupe.  &quot;A Canadian is like  an American, but without a gun!&quot;  But great troupes like these are  inspired by British Troupe Monty Python.  And this movie is what they will  always be most famous for, and possibly their best work.  From the rude  frenchmen to the witch trials to the Black Knight, this movie is just  chock-loaded with senseless acts of comedy.  Oh, and lets not forget the oh  so dangerous rabbit, the black beast of &quot;ugh&quot;, the sissy prince,  the 3-headed, ill-tempered, disagreeable knight, the ladies of Castle  Anthrax...oh i could go on and on, but this movie is makin me laugh too  much, so just go buy it and stop listening to me before my laughing gets  contagious and makes u go to the restroom...
1558807381|5.0|I'm one of those people who can see a new movie and call it a classic  right away.  Legend is a classic.  I used to own it on video and would  always break it out if someone hadn't seen it before.  Everyone I know  loves this movie now. I must have seen this film at least fifty times all  together but I don't think I'll ever get tired of it.  This is one movie  that I would recommend buying instead of renting. I've been reading some  other reviews of this movie and found that it's going to be out on DVD  soon...I hope.  I need this one in my collection bad!  Feel free to e'mail  me when it comes out. Anyone!
0767849493|5.0|Although I haven't seen any other Kevin Smith movies, this is already my  favorite. &quot;Dogma&quot; is hilarious and thought-provoking at the same  time, a rare thing in this day and age. Linda Fiorentino deserves much more  credit than she was given for her portrayal of Bethany. Chris Rock is a  great supporting character, being less raw and more directly comedic. Salma  Hayek is a great actress (I loved her in &quot;Fools Rush In&quot;) but her  character, a muse with a case of writer's block, Serendipity, gets old  fast. Jay and Silent Bob are the very best part of the movie, though, for  their comic relief. Best scence: The Golden Mooby Massacre. Buy this movie  and you'll see what I mean.. :P
0345363132|5.0|UNFAIR, that's how I felt finishing reading this book. UNFAIR that we don't know the truth about Richard III and his rule, that we must rely on  the inspiration and imagination of this brilliant author, describing those  bloody and tumultous times. <br />UNFAIR is how Richard III has been treated  posthumously. Although he is described in the book as almost a faultless  person, his consciousness and devotion being his drawbecks in those times  when people were so treacherous, blood-thirsty, avaricious, striving for  power and driven by their wildest ambitions (probably also that's why  almost they all found their way to the block eventually, taking a few  innocent along too), we must acknowledge that if a monarch can't punish  those who threaten his personal safety or interests of the state, he's  condemned to be deposed. At least Richard met his death with honour  (although had he not rushed into the battle  and wisely withdrawn to gain  support, maybe Tudors, who now appears also had had rather a dubious claim  to the throne, would not have founded their dynasty). His personal dramas  only add up to the feeling that all Yorks and Lancasters were damned from  the beginning.<br />In general, I've tried before to understand the conflict  between Y&amp;L and read a couple of non-fictional book about it, but was  lost in a whirpool of names, dates, titles and battles. Only after this  book I have quite clear idea who was who in this war, how events developed  and why this period is truly called one of the bloodes in the history of  England. It's a long book, covering about 25 years of the period, but it  can be our share of returning Richard III his good name. It would also be  UNFAIR if you don't discover this book for yourself!
B00003CXAR|4.0|We just got a DVD player and the first disc we bought was JAWS. You cannot  go wrong with it. My husband did not like the wide screen but that was the  only way it came and I did not mind. We bought the DTS version. I never get  tired of Jaws. The picture was excellent and clearer than any VHS. We also  noticed that in one of the scenes on the water toward the end, there are  two shooting stars......we did not remember seeing it in the VHS. The  outtakes were ok, just 2. But the deleted scened were interesting. The kids  loved playing the shark game trivia. Plus you can get clues if you need  help. This DVD rates right up there with Wizard of Oz.
0679720200|4.0|Meursault, the protagonist of Camus's &quot;The Stranger,&quot; is a  forthright man living in a society that insists on putting up facades,  which he is unable or unwilling to do.  He would just like to  &quot;be.&quot;  His troubles begin when he learns that his mother has died  and attends her funeral, showing no remorse for having been inattentive to  her during her final years.  Through a series of events, he arrives at a  situation where he murders a man on a beach, an action seemingly provoked  only by the sun.  The tone of the book is such that Meursault is not meant  to be judged for his actions, just observed. <br />The supreme irony of  &quot;The Stranger&quot; is that Meursault is as honest as a person can be,  yet it's because of this honesty that he is ultimately punished.  The  problem (or is it a problem?) is that Meursault is honest not only about  what he does but about what he feels.  Society's sense of decency is  offended by the fact that he would not show any emotions at his mother's  funeral and shortly after would go swimming and see a movie with his  girlfriend rather than spend some time in mourning.  His prosecutors in the  murder trial use these acts as evidence to establish his character in the  minds of the jurors as callous and decadent.<br />Like Franz Kafka's &quot;The  Trial,&quot; &quot;The Stranger&quot; questions the  individual's ability  to control his own fate, with the additional idea that one person's fate is  no more or less preordained than another's.  Meursault acknowledges that he  had lived his life one way and yet could have lived another just as well:  Does it really matter?
B00004W5UA|5.0|i love this movie. i mean it, I LOVE this movie. i first saw it last december and now own it on video. it also occupies my mind frequently,  because there is such a strong message in that film, with so many  intelligent and accurate things to say that it has kept my mind working for  months.    i was completely shocked that this film received no kind of  critical award at all - not for the outstanding and innovative direction,  the perfect performances or the witty and clever screenplay. this film is  darkly funny, with wonderful characters, and i have never watched a filmn  which made me feel so pumped up wih adrenaline.    i also think that this  is one of the most important movies to have been made for a long time. its  over-riding message - that the constant emphasis on appearances,  consumerism, and our celebrity, spectator culture has made us all forget  how it actually FEELS to be alive, to experience soimething real and be a  part of something, ourselves. the fighting isn't about violence, it is  about feeling something primal. something we have lost and need. this is  something i think about all the time and i want everybody to see this film  so that it at least gives them food for thought.    this is the most  amazing film i have ever seen. see it. please.
B00004U3UG|1.0|I love the film, and there ends the theatrical review. This DVD Video is  the worst quality I have ever seen. Entire Sections of film exhibit a  &quot;filtered&quot; like quality with a purple banding on the right of the  screen; the effect seems linked to the stop motion elements of the film.  Colours are muggy and the overall intensity of the film renders it very  difficult to see what is going on.This is a severely distracting and  irritating making the film unwatchable. On the other hand the parts without  the stop motion are perfect with high colour definition and deep blacks.  How could a DVD with such diametric qualities make it through to the End  Users. THE VHS VERSION IS FAR SUPERIOR.<br />PS - A supposed special edition  and it doesn't even include both endings....who made this DVD again. I'll  make a point never to buy there products again.
1570429596|1.0|Granted, I may already be ahead of the game as I am out of debt and own  true assets, but I gleaned no information from this book other than the  painfully obvious.<br />The point driven home by this book (ad nausium) is  that &quot;money should work for you&quot; instead of &quot;you working for  money&quot;. The point the author neglected to mention is that  it takes  considerable effort to get your money to work for you (nothing in life is  free, you know). As a business owner, I know this all too well.<br />Whether  you work to make your money work for you, or you work to make money  directly, the end result is the same, effort = money.<br />The only valid  point (again, obvious), is to not blow all of your money on  &quot;stuff&quot;. Instead, buy (money making) assets.<br />There are an  abundance of success stories in this book about how the author made lots of  money with little effort, but he tells nothing of the countless hours of  work that he put into investments that didn't pan out. On the same note, he  mentions NOT ONE EXAMPLE of a failure. I beleive it is as important to know  what NOT to do, as it is to know what TO do.<br />Finally, the book read like  a novel. When I read a book of this type, I expect it to be clear and  concise (professional, if you will). It is ironic that one of the points  that the author makes is to develop your communication skills!<br />Two thumbs  down.
6305181772|4.0|overall i really enjoy this film. i went in thinking this was going to be  just another run of the mill action film. i was pleasantly surprised. sure  the movie has some faults and a couple of plot twist were not that great.  but overall i enjoyed it. i thought there was some very clever ideas in  this film and the low body count was unusual for a action film. the effects  are quite good and the sound not bad. the dvd could have used some extras.  but many dvd's released by this company have next to nothing on them.  definitly worth a watch.
B00004R9A1|4.0|Both in animation and graphic art, this movie looks very amateurish by today's standards, which offers such dazzling special effects (Just look at  &quot;Tarzan&quot;...oooh!) Yet it shows its very obvious influence from  the old Disneyesque style quite similar to &quot;Fox and Hound&quot; and a  few other movies of the 1970s. Set in the contemporary New York City, a  stray little kitten suddenly finds a new home with a whole group of stray  dogs and their unkempt owner. But before Oliver can settle down, he  suddenly winds up into the arms of an equally parentless little rich-girl  waif who lives with her paunchy butler and a snooty prize-winning poodle in  a big 5th Avenue house that offers a big, fluffy bed and sweet treats in a  silver pet dish. No wonder Oliver is so disappointed when he gets kidnapped  back into his old home by his doggy friends. So the down-to-luck old beggar  uses innocent little Jenny's loss to deliver the kid straight into a  gangster's big, brawny hands. Despite its mostly two-dimensional drawings,  it is still a very jaunty action-filled fantasy adventure that will send  you into a truly hair-raising climax at the very ending! Also a big  milestone for Disney's very first installment of computer graphics into the  animation (just check out Mr. Sikes' MONSTROUS limosuine...Whew!)
B000002BHE|3.0|buy it for the first song. ....<br />this is a good pop songs cd. not her latest cd. hopefully she will release fine albums like this, 1996 was a good year to listen to her songs. cant say for the other years before and after.
0140072187|5.0|Robert Mason just wanted to fly helicopters - and this terrific book puts  you so closely into his mind as he learns to fly  that you feel as though  you could fly one too. Sadly, he paid a high price for his love of flying.  This is a great and moving story of how one man was forever altered by  Vietnam.<br />Rather than trying to make a statement about the war, Mason sets  out to tell his own story. He does so with such honesty that you end the  book feeling as irrevocably changed by events as he was.  You share his  growing panic and trauma as he comes to the end of his tour in Vietnam, and  you share his guilt and bewilderment as he tries to cope with living in a  peace-demonstrating, hippie-torn America. <br />When you re-read the book - as  you induitably will - you'll notice Robert Masons' compassion and humour,  his sense of camaraderie, the combination of bravery and reluctance that  make him and his comrades 'chickenhawks'.
B000002C4J|1.0|You might like the songs, the overplayed titanic song and all that. Once in a blue moon she sells a good record like her last one but this one was out on an ordinary moon
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album is very, very good, The Real Slim Shady will go down as one of  those other rock solid Rap classics. Grand master Flash-White lines,  Sugerhill Gang-Rappers Delight, all come to mind whenever I listen to, and  even think about this album, will be a true classic indeed.  Very, very  good, it'll put a wicked smile right across your face for a good hour after  it's finished.
0385474547|5.0|I never had any intention of reading &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; until  it was required of me for a state literary criticism exam that only two  people at my high school were allowed to take.  I had discovered what book  on the list I had to read a week before the exam, and I read it ravenously,  not because I had to, but because it grabbed me from the first paragraph.   Achebe writes like a classic playwright, in Homeric fashion.  He exposes us  to a culture that few know about and goes into detail the customs.  It's a  fascinating read.  It tells the story of a man and the transition he is  forced to make from old to new.  It's excellent, one of the best books I've  ever read.
B00003CWRX|4.0|It really is the perfect combo. Mann, director of thriller-of-the-decade 'Heat', along with giant Pacino and hot property Crowe. Add an excellent  supporting cast (including Plummer), a true story with real drama, and  atmospheric music, and you appear to have the ideal package.<br />Except . . .  except . . . it's too long. And I hate saying that, because I LIKE long  movies, but there's just not enough drive in this to make it to the end  without a push. Mann also seems confused about his lead - Crowe gives a  superlative performance worthy of the camera's eye, yet at the end of the  day it's Pacino who gets the closing shot. Crowe's character is cast aside.  Is this a veiled comment on Pacino's character's attitude towards his  charge?<br />But Mann's accomplishment, in the end, is to create a masterwork  which, as you watch, you forget is a film. All the characters and actors  seem to be real, and you tune in so perfectly to the style and direction  that any other film, watched after 'Insider', seems thin, cartoonish.  Two-dimensional. That is Mann's unique gift, and you're missing out if you  miss it.
B00004TL21|4.0|This is my new favorite Deftones cd.  Passanger is the best song on here.   Everybody knows that the Deftones changed with this cd, but I thought they  were always kind of melodramtic to begin with. Anyways, long live the  Deftones.  I only gave it 4 stars because of Pink Maggit and the somewhat  sloppy lyrics.  But all in all, I love this cd!!  So go get it!!!
0792846303|4.0|Back on June 7th, I placed an order through Amazon to get John Carpenter's &quot;The Fog&quot;, it being the only Carpenter film that I have never  seen. I was counting the minutes till today when it arrived in my mailbox.  I literally just got done watching the film, it is rewinding now, and I  have to say that the wait was well worth it!  This movie does have a  cheesy feel to it, but I still got the chills several times throughout the  film. I think that this film is definetly Carpenter's best in the  cinematography department. The location of Antonio Bay is absolutely  beautiful.  The plot centers on the sleepy town of Antonio Bay, in  California. 100 years ago, there was a terrible ship wreck, and dozens of  sailors drown. Now, after a lenghty sleep, the angry swabbies want to exact  revenge on the town that had something to do with their demise. Adrienne  Barbeau puts forth a great performance as a radio DJ, and Jamie Lee Curtis  once again graces a Carpenter flick with her presence as a hitchhiker. The  usual cast of characters are also in this film: Tom Atkins(E.F.N.Y.), Nancy  Loomis(Halloween), etc.<br />I liked this film for two reasons: First, because  it wasn't what I saw that creeped me out, but what I didn't see. I love a  film that urges you to use your imagination, and not rely on special  effects. Thinking movies rule!  And second, the ending was great!  I  totally did not see it coming, I am serious too. The great trademark of a  good Carpenter flick is the ending.<br />OK, to sum up.....I am not sure if  everyone will find this film scary. I didn't, I found it to be eerie, and  creepy, but not really spooky. However, a film does not have to be scary to  be enjoyable, and &quot;The Fog&quot; is a great ride. I say give it a  chance. This would make a perfect movie for a Friday night in. John  Carpenter fans will truly love this film, as it ransk right up there with  &quot;Halloween&quot; and &quot;The Thing.&quot; I have been waiting for  this film for years, I think we all owe it to Mr. Carpenter to thank him  for re-releasing this classic, and we should all make a very strong effort  to view this film at LEAST one time!  Thanks to Amazon for getting this  flick, good job!ilm for years, I think we all owe it to Mr. Carpenter to thank him  for re-releasing this classic, and we should all make a very strong effort  to view this film at LEAST one time!  Thanks to Amazon for getting this  flick, good job!
0393317552|5.0|Guns, Germs, And Steel Jared Diamond<br />History As Science If the  Aborigines had originally inhabited Europe, and Caucasian Europeans had  started their civilization in Australia would anything be different? Your  average racist would say that Australia would have developed a great  civilization while Europe would have remained a region of the world where  people today would still be throwing spears about. Mr. Diamond explores the  progress of humanity by scientifically studying the factors that permitted  and encouraged the growth of complex societies. A society is where it is  because of geographical factors, and not because of any variables of  intelligence or physique. What are these factors? The answers are  fascinating:<br />Societies moved from hunter/gatherer types to farmers  because they lived in areas where potential food crops grew, and where  animals capable of being domesticated lived. Most of the world's food crops  originated in the Fertile Crescent of the Mediterranean. Many areas of the  world such as Australia and much of the United States had no original food  crops. Could it be that some people were just too stupid to recognize a  plant's potential? No. Amazingly almost all edible plants were domesticated  thousands of years ago, as were our domesticated animals. Australia had no  animals capable of being domesticated while horses, sheep, goats, and pigs  originated in, and spread quickly through the Euro-Asian continent. We  learn some interesting facts about food plant development. Many plants  became food because of defective genes. The wild almond tree is poisonous,  but some trees were found with defective cyanide producing genes. They were  cultivated. Wild peas have a gene that causes the pea pod to explode when  ripe, which would make harvesting impossible. Pea plants were found that  lacked this &quot;explosion&quot; gene, and so today we eat  peas.<br />Societies with domestic animals developed diseases that originated  in these animals. (Measles, tuberculosis, and smallpox come from cattle;  influenza from pigs). Thus Europeans decimated the Incas and Native  Americans by passing on these germs. Incas and Native Americans had no  domesticated animals (only the llama in Peru), so they could not fight back  with germs of their own.<br />Mr. Diamond presents an immense amount of  evidence to show that all peoples are intelligent, and that the development  of large, organized societies hinges entirely on varied local natural  resources, and being in locations where natural barriers (deserts,  mountains, oceans) did not preclude the sharing of resources with others.  This is a most impressive work that provides the reader with insight into  why hunter/gatherer tribes live together on the same planet with highly  complex technological nations.mals. (Measles, tuberculosis, and smallpox come from cattle;  influenza from pigs). Thus Europeans decimated the Incas and Native  Americans by passing on these germs. Incas and Native Americans had no  domesticated animals (only the llama in Peru), so they could not fight back  with germs of their own. <br />Mr. Diamond presents an immense amount of  evidence to show that all peoples are intelligent, and that the development  of large, organized societies hinges entirely on varied local natural  resources, and being in locations where natural barriers (deserts,  mountains, oceans) did not preclude the sharing of resources with others.  This is a most impressive work that provides the reader with insight into  why hunter/gatherer tribes live together on the same planet with highly  complex technological nations.
B000002UAR|5.0|There's not a lot that can be said about Revolver that hasn't already been  said. Having gained permanent residence on any credible 'top 100 albums  list' the album is universally recognized as one of the most innovative,  varied and complete pop albums ever released. Comprised solely of original  material, Revolver is far more balanced than any of the six albums released  before it. Every song clocks in at less than three minutes and there isn't  a wasted note to be found. The acerbic bite of Harrison's 'Taxman'  contrasts beautifully with the string-laden melodrama of 'Eleanor Rigby', a  song that amply illustrates McCartney's mastery of structure and melody.  Not to be outdone, Lennon checks in with the wearily brilliant 'I'm Only  Sleeping', as well as the acid-fuelled paranoia of 'She Said, She Said.'  Even Ringo turns gets in on the fun, singing what has to be the definitive  Beatles Children song, 'Yellow Submarine.' However, the piece de resistance  has to be 'Tomorrow Never Knows,' a collage of sounds that is every bit as  startling today as it undoubtedly was thirty-four years ago. Propelled by  the ebb and flow of McCartney's bass and Starr's drums, and embellished  with countless samples and tape loops, 'Tomorrow Never Knows' provides a  veritable manifesto for the cut and paste, sample and hold mentality that  is so prevalent in today's musical landscape. While the Beatles would  continue to scale even greater commercial and critical heights in the years  to follow, they would never again achieve the balance of collaboration,  creativity and melody that is so evident on Revolver.
B0000041LA|4.0|When I bought this recording, the only Prokofiev piano concerto that I was  familiar with was number 3, a warhorse that had become too familiar to  retain my interest.  I wanted to explore the other piano concertos of  Prokofiev.  I wasn't disappointed.  The first piano concerto, a youthful  effort, is delightful.  But the real gem in this set is the second.  This  work fits squarely within the Rachmaninoff tradition, and just like the  Rachmaninoff 3 has an incredibly difficult cadenza as the centerpiece of  the first movement.  I went to the music library to look at the score and  couldn't believe the millions of notes.  The remarkable thing is that  Ashkenazy not only hits all the notes but brings out the melancholy magic  in this music.  On the other hand, concertos 4 and 5 seem lightweight by  comparison, but maybe these works will grow on me as time goes on.  All in  all, three awesome masterpieces out of five is a good percentage.
038533348X|4.0|Ice-nine is a substance that will freeze anything it touches. Invented by  Felix Hoenikker, one of the scientists who created the atomic bomb, it has  the potential to bring the world to an end by turning the planet into a  freezing ball.<br />&quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; is a novel full of sharp satire  and irony. The narrator, who is writing a book about the atomic bombing of  Hiroshima, meets in the course of his research a variety of weird and  wonderful characters who recount their experiences of the late Dr.  Hoenikker. This leads him on a quest to find Hoeniker's three children, who  each possess &quot;chips&quot; of Ice-nine...<br />A novel that has been  compared a number of times to &quot;Dr Strangelove&quot;, &quot;Cat's  Cradle&quot; is a witty, dry-humored approach to the apocalypse. Although  Hoenikker's three children are weird, I could relate to these characters  more than any of the others in the book.<br />The way in which the world comes  to an end is so ironic and offbeat. I can imagine Terry Gilliam making a  movie of this novel. With his quirky approach to film-making, I'm sure it  would work well.
B00000K19E|1.0|Only good scene were the karate scenes, but that can't save this slow and  cerebreal bore of a picture. Phantom Menace should have won best effects.
B00004TR2G|4.0|We all remember watching the movie Jaws. Seeing the shark take it's first  victim. But what would it be like without the music. Just listening to a  few notes of Jaws, gives me the chills, just like the first time I watched  the movie.
0807126063|5.0|This book is fantastically funny. It gets funnier every time you read it.  It is a serious shame that this writer only put out two books. I find  myself ready for more of his books, but unfortunately he is gone.
0140149295|5.0|I would recommend this book to almost anyone. It is very well written, and  you start to feel Carter's feelings and emotions right along with  him.You've got to read this.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|What a fantastic album.  Upon getting over the shock that Bruce and Adrian  had returned to fold.  I was releuctant to listen to this new album with  the fear that it would not hold up to the Passion in songs like 22 Acacia  Ave and Run to the Hills.  Glad I made the leap.  The songs contain much of  the fire that was in early Maiden metal with crisp new lyrics and that  great bass sound that Harris is known for.  Many of the songs will become  Maiden classics.<br />Up the Irons...
B00004SU5J|5.0|This is for me without doubt the album of year. Fabulous fusion of jazz,  dub and house.  I loved 'Boulevard' when it came out some 5-6 years ago but  this album is even better.  I got most of the stuff he did on  F-communication (one of the best labels ever!) but nothing beats this  album. A masterpiece!
B00000J2KT|5.0|This is the sec. best film about the Veitnam War. Hambuher Hill was better  in that it was more realistic and how men surrive when put into adverse  conditions. But this film also shows real basic tranning on paris island as  it was in the sixties, alot of what happened in the film at boot camp did  happen except the shooting incident. Some did have nervous breakdowns and  droped out. But i felt that the combat scenes didn't do the movie justace  they could have alaborated and show how their tranning helped or failed  them. But great movie and is up their and better than private ryan.
0140177396|4.0|I first picked up &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; because I loved how slender  it looked among the scores of 500 pages novels in the library. I finished  it in two days, which is rare for me. The story was touching, anyone would  say that. The characters were all colorful -- one was intense, one was  wise, another childish and slow. The relationship between George and Lennie  was very complex and interesting. The ending was difficult to understand at  first and very sad -- I have to say that I cried because I knew what was  about too happen and didn't want to face the reality. But this book was  about reality. It showed hard it was to live in the 20's, on a ranch. It  showed how tough it was to face life alone, surrounding by people who have  spent years covering up thier scars and building up defenses. The dirty  language, which I didn't like, was also reality of the situtation, I guess.  And in the end, the reality was hard to take. It was a type of love really.  If you read what George said in the last couple pages, it becomes clear. He  was saying 'I love you Lennie, and I can't bear to have you suffer and know  that you'll never get those rabbits. I love you so much that I'll do  somthing to you that hurts me more than you'll ever know.' In the end, I  think George 'died' that day too. His life would never be the same, and  sadly, the book ended hopelessly.
0783235666|3.0|Out of all the Alfred Hitchcock movies I've seen, I'd have to say I like  this one the least. The effects are the only good thing about this movie.  The fact that there is no real ending to the movie really annoys me. It is  about a woman who brings some lovebirds into a small town to give to a  man's daughter. However, after the lovebirds are delivered, strange things  start to happen. Birds start attacking people for no reason. In the end,  everyone escapes the birds, but the movie ends with us still not knowing  why the birds attacked. Not one of Alfred Hitchcock's best . . .
0517548232|5.0|This is perhaps the best book to introduce the layman to the field of  economics... This book was a Godsend for me... I stumbled on it in my early  college days when I was taking two semesters of Economics and neck-deep in  a Keynesian textbook of Fabian socialist fallacies and liberal lies.  Hazlitt's book opened my eyes to an insightful intellectual library that  supports free-markets and individual liberty. Economics in One Lesson  enlightened me, while it helped develop my economic reasoning. It helped me  confirm what common sense told me all along - that a laissez-faire free  market is the way to go! <br />While I already had a libertarian bent, this  book basically introduced me to the Austrian School of Thought on  Economics. The &quot;Austrians&quot; vindicate the market economy's  spontaneous order as the surest way to have optimal prosperity,  opportunity, and individual liberty for the masses. The verbal logic and  reasoning of the Austrian school is generally easy to understand and makes  sense to the reader. Needless, to say my interest in the laissez-faire  perspective grew - and I read and amassed a library of hundreds of  interrelated books on various disciplines from economics to history to  political theory. I also recommend any books by other &quot;Austrian&quot;  luminaries such as Ludwig von Mises, F.A. Hayek, and Murray Rothbard.  Hidden Order by David Friedman and Capitalism by Ayn Rand are also worth  mentioning.
B0000020C4|5.0|I really admire Lea's rendition of Eponine... it's breath-taking and captivating. I like her version being a brave and courageous woman whose  love for a man was ill-fated and doomed. Though, she really portrayed a  strong woman whos heart is only for the man she loved. She joined the  battle to show her courage and strength. I think, she portrayed a perfect  role for a woman who loves a man, whos a man heart belongs to the other. A  very powerful act that will make you remember the lovelorn story of Les  Miserables.   I respectfully admire Lea's rendition of Eponine, unlike  Francese Rufelle's wimpy, loser type of rendition that is somewhat  forgetable. And speaking of the voice, Lea's voice is perfect while  Francese's voice is squeaky and too nasal that you would think of advising  her to blow her nose first before singing.  Michael Ball's voice was way  perfect but not so much with the acting.  Get this CD now!
0393317552|5.0|Could Europe have been conquered by Bantu warriors mounted on domesticated  zebras? Why could this have not happened? Well, says Jared Diamond, the  geographical factor of the Sahara desert for one thing. Also, the zebra  because of its short temper, is not domesticable. The nature of African  geography led Bantu expansion to the more clement weather of the South.  This is one of the fascinating counter-factuals that Diamond uses to  illustrate his case for geographic and biologcal determinism in human  history. The Fertile Crescent and the Southern Steppes of Russia  providentially had most of the plants and animals most easily domisticated  - wheat for example is the best cereal and the horse is the most useful for  warfare. Strangely, Diamond does not draw attention to the obvious factor  of the Mediterranean as a highway for commerce and ideas, but he does show  that at the beginning of the modern era, Europe was best positioned to  conquer the other continents for demographic, geographic and general  biological reasons, not for reasons of racial superiority.
B00003CX59|5.0|If you're a HUGE fan of Johnny Depp(such as me) you'll love Sleepy HOllow.  You get to see hot Johnny as Ichobod Crane portraits him wonderfully. I  have always hated the &quot;real&quot; Ichobod Crane. A slimy, cheating  worm with a cowardly heart. To be honest, I was glad he died in Washington  Irving's adaption. Johnny brings out a &quot;new&quot; Ichobod Crane in  Sleepy Hollow. Still cowardly but cute. And she shows exactly Ichobod Crane  opinion, but in a wonderful way that makes you think that he is actually  right and there really is no horseman. I also loved the way Tim Burton  actually created an ending to the headless horseman tale. I, and anyone who  hates an ending that leaves you hanging on what happened to the end, will  love how it ends. With and explantion to what the horseman and sleepy  hollow where actually about. This is the best movie I've ever seen! I  forgot all about the gory junk(and there is quite alot of it) and looked  into the real content of the movie. IT WAS WONDERFUL! I really recomend you  see SLEEPY HOLLOW!
B00001QGPS|5.0|Method man, one of, if not the most prolific MC to come out of the  WU-Tang, once again linking up with DEF-SQUAD's Redman, is just UNFAIR to  every other hip-hop act on the planet. On their previous solo albums and  collaborations, they have been able to hold their own, bringing lyrics and  beats to wax, that most other MC's can only dream of (Method Man -  &quot;What the blood clot&quot;, Redman - &quot;Time 4 sum aksion&quot;).  Together they simply cant be touched! From the opening track  &quot;Blackout&quot;, to &quot;Big dogs&quot;, the pair trade verses with  one oneanother, bouncing off of eachothers ryhmes like it was a free style.  Every track has something to offer, but the top 5 have to be &quot;The  Rockwilder&quot;, &quot;1,2,1,2&quot;, &quot;The ?&quot;, &quot;The  Blackout&quot; and &quot;Tear it off&quot; (Not forgetting &quot;Serial  Killer&quot;). If you like Redman buy it, if you like Method man buy it, if  you like hip-hop buy it, in fact just take out your credit card and  purchase this even if you hate rap!!!!
B00003CX59|5.0|If you're a HUGE fan of Johnny Depp(such as me) you'll love Sleepy HOllow.  You get to see hot Johnny as Ichobod Crane portraits him wonderfully. I  have always hated the &quot;real&quot; Ichobod Crane. A slimy, cheating  worm with a cowardly heart. To be honest, I was glad he died in Washington  Irving's adaption. Johnny brings out a &quot;new&quot; Ichobod Crane in  Sleepy Hollow. Still cowardly but cute. And she shows exactly Ichobod Crane  opinion, but in a wonderful way that makes you think that he is actually  right and there really is no horseman. I also loved the way Tim Burton  actually created an ending to the headless horseman tale. I, and anyone who  hates an ending that leaves you hanging on what happened to the end, will  love how it ends. With and explantion to what the horseman and sleepy  hollow where actually about. This is the best movie I've ever seen! I  forgot all about the gory junk(and there is quite alot of it) and looked  into the real content of the movie. IT WAS WONDERFUL! I really recomend you  see SLEEPY HOLLOW!
0767805712|2.0|I love intelligent sci-fi films, and so I watched Gattaca with high  expectations.  It wasn't terrible; in fact, to squeeze two stars out of me  says a lot.  But first let's look at the &quot;thriller&quot; plot every  other reviewer seems to applaud.  Who's kidding whom?  The heroine  deliberately plants a clue that would lead to the hero's arrest--the same  chap she's falling in love with.  Why?  I can't think of a single reason,  except to set up an artificial plot.  Later she's &quot;relieved&quot; that  our hero &quot;didn't do it.&quot;  Well, by then I was hoping he had done  it; it would have at least justified her otherwise wholly irrational  attempt to frame him.  OK, so there's no plot here.  What else?   Characterization?  Hardly.  It's set up as a story between two brothers,  but the middle of the movie wanders around without addressing that story.   Only at the beginning and end do we see that it's a story about two  brothers who are rivals.  Big deal--it doesn't help the movie along.  I  think anyone who believes this is an &quot;intelligent&quot; sci-fi movie  must have viewed it with commercial interruptions throughout, because it  has the look and feel of a movie that only makes sense in short bites.   Maybe the commercials added to the futuristic quality of the movie.  (Some  future--although we have space travel, the people are still driving mid-90s  automobiles.  (Actually, it was a low budget film, so we can't expect much  in the way of realism.  But even in Woody Allen's low-budget  &quot;Sleeper,&quot; the transport vehicles were at least Cute.  Isn't it  strange that there are movies out there that are so underrated that they  have to become &quot;cult favorites&quot; before the mainline critics take  notice of them (and then adopt them as their own!), while there are some  movies--Gattaca is one of them--that for whatever reason was hugely  overrated.  Bottom line: it's not bad, you might enjoy it, and if you go in  expecting zero, you might be moderately surprised on the upside.
B000001ABD|5.0|Great box set of this masters masterpieces. You name it, it's there among  the 2 discs. Great packaging . Would make a terrific gift. <br />Thanks--CDS
6305137293|5.0|This movie is the best sequel from halloween movies at all . Its explain  why Michael Mayers return to his home, and what is his mission in his  townhome. Jammie Lee Curtis (Sream Queen) play the best role in this movie  she show her best act play, what I like it and Donald Pleasance this 2  parts was the best ones what he plays, I really enjoy this movie and I will  recomended to people to wath.
B000002URV|5.0|A superb CD of the almost supernatural. Tracks that combine sexual rhythmic beats with lilting celtic licks. A great audio experience under  headphones.<br />Thanks--CDS
6300214540|5.0|WOW, awsome movie.  I only saw it a few weeks ago and was it ever good.   I'm a Cruise fan and I think he and McGillis did an excellent job.  The  cast couldn't have been picked any better.  The movie rates itself.  The  music was awsome the scenes in the plane were awsome and everybody did an  all around great job.  There is nothing else I can say about it just wow.   It was as if McGillis and Cruise had a real life romance they put their  heart in it so much.
B00004T9VY|4.0|Cat Stevens is a classic songwriter and performer. This CD has most of his  soothing mix of folk, rock, and European flavors. These tracks are well  mixed and display his enormous talent. I also highly recommend the newer  &quot;The Very Best Of Cat Stevens&quot; See my review of that  masterpiece.<br />Thanks--CDS
6303481302|5.0|My wife and I do not remember having laughed that much in our life! The clown-director act is perfect. Either improvised or rehearsed, it cannot be more funny. Unfortunately we saw it on  TV not having time to tape it...
B00004TL21|5.0|The the deftones have added the perfect sound for themselfs on this album.  The deftones have added great sounding grove but they still kepted the  hard, angry edge. Chino sounds better then ever and he has truly grown as a  singer and as a poet. White pony and A perfect circle's &quot;mer de  norms&quot; are truly this year musical jems. This is a totaly new sound  for the Deftones and it sounds great. But they have not gone soft. with  guitar pounding songs like &quot;elite&quot; and &quot;korea&quot; it will  surely please the old and new deftones fans alike. The cd is rich with mind  blowing sounds and powerful, emotional singing. My personaly favorites are  &quot;digital bath&quot; &quot;knife prty&quot; &quot; passenger&quot;  &quot;korea&quot; and &quot;change ( in the house of flies)&quot; If you  like the deftones older works and like change(in the house of flies) pick  this up. It will surely become one of if not your favorite cd in your  collection.
B000005YZM|5.0|If i asked you to name masterpiece albums from the 60's you'd probably  come up with a handful...'Sgt Pepper'...'Days of Future Passed'... 'Pet  Sounds' and so on! 'Odessey' without a doubt is right there - unfortunately  whether it be bad timing; not enough backing and the production being  somewhat lacking, this group never got their due - yet even now we hear a  few songs on the radio. This album at its core is as good as anything done  by the Beatles!! If you read the libretto from the recently released box  set, people like Jimi Hendrix, Pete Townsend and Tom Petty paint adoration  to this wonderful group. 'Odessey and Oracle' is perhaps one of the best  albums of any era and it's unbelievable that in a time of tremendous  competition the Zombies managed to create their own unique sound and style.  This recording forever remains a true masterpiece!
6303187064|5.0|This movie is simply wonderful. Besides its awsome action the movie can  also make you cry like a litte be-otch. Wile watching this you minght start  to feel the pain and heart wrenching sadness Erik Draven (Brandon Lee may  he rest in peace)has for the lost of his soon to be wife. After I saw  &quot;the crow&quot; I don't watch other movies in the same state of mind I  used to because most of them can't compaire to the unmatchable story line  &quot;the crow&quot; has.This movie is great. It has wonderful action and  it's a heart breaking love story at the same time. The ending puts my hairs  on end and I have to force back the tears somethimes. A wonderful movie  that has made itself quite a strong fan base. So you should just pick this  up sit back and be ready to get your Adrenaline flowing and your tears  jerked from you eyeballs. Enjoy!!!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I really like this CD! Although i'm not Britney's fan! It's fun and catchy!<br />1.Oops! I did it again- It's not my favorite, but it's OK, and I  like the video. 9/10<br />2.Stronger- That's my favorite track! I love it!  It's catchy, and really sounds like Britney has grown up! 10/10<br />3.Don't  go knockin'...- Nice R n'B kind of song.OK. 8.5/10<br />4.Satisfaction- I hate  this one. It's kinda boring. 4/10<br />5.Don't let me...- great lyrics, great  chorus, great song. 10/10<br />6.What U see- Sounds like Baby one more time.  Good song. 9/10<br />7.Lucky- Great song. I love the video! Doesn't sound like  any song she sang before. 10/10<br />8.One kiss from you- Sounds exactly like  &quot;Sodapop&quot; in her first album. 6/10<br />9.Where are you now- A good  slow song. I liked it. 8/10<br />10.Can't make you...- Actually it's pretty  nice. Sounds like &quot;What U see&quot;. 9/10<br />11.When your eyes say it-  A weird song! I don't like it. 5/10<br />12.Girl in the mirror- My CD contains  this song too. Why isn't it in the american version? It's an excellent slow  song!  10/10<br />13. Dear diary- This is Britney's song! Nice! 8.5/10<br />You  should buy this CD! I listen to it all the time!
0671034065|1.0|This was a great idea...just never full developed.  It read like it was  written over a weekend....cardboard characters....I almost tossed it when  the main characters first slept together and he proposed right then and  there....just too simple.  All in all a waste of money, I won't make this  mistake again.
B00000JCOV|5.0|buy this cd now. It is some of the hardest and heaviest stuff i've ever  heard.Every song on this album is top-notch and you can listen to this cd  the whole way through.SLIPKNOT sounds like pantera and korn mixed  together.The cd starts off real low and then blasts off into the 1st song  sic,man it's heavy.WAIT AND BLEED is the most popular of their songs,and it  rocks.AND THE NEW NATIONAL ANTHEM IS SURFACING,this song is the call to  arms for all the angst'ridden,overlooked,and disturbed teens out  there,telling them not to listen or obey anyone. PLUS, SLIPKNOT HAS THE  SICKEST DRUMS I'VE EVER HEARD.I KNOW THEY HAVE 3 DRUMMERS,BUT STILL,THEY'RE  AWESOME!!!!
B000008GEF|4.0|This is one of Harrison's best albums!This and Dark Horse are probably his  best ever.My personal favorite track on this album is Sue me,Sue you  Blues.It makes you think of Taxman,and George's hate for McCartney's suing  the remaining Beatles to completley break up thew group.The only VERY poor  track which needs to be  taken off the album is The Light that has Lighted  the World.Buy it now!!!!
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This move is defintely worth seeing. I think very few people would not be  stirred with emotion by the unusual ending. It's depiction of life during  those times is beliveable and the story is great. I have very little to say  about this movie that I didn't like. Worth owning.
6304508611|5.0|This was, one of my favorite scary movie it was, Stephen King's first book  when I saw this it scared me even, the ending...i'll read the book  sometime....worth watching....
B00003W8NM|4.0|Yes, it is. Is the only thing in this life that you must own and to be proud of it(Ofcours Mr.Tyler Durden will be oposite to this).Is the movie's  central point the figt club that Tyler(Brad Pitt) and his good  friend(Edward Norton) own? NO, not at all.It's the reason why people in our  days searching for the &quot;FIGT CLUB&quot; Do you want to own a new car,  a new house maybe or a new &quot;super duper&quot; PC, ofcours you want(oh  my god ithink i'm talking to Jack).Do you want to dedicate your life to win  this ideas that the &quot;modern&quot; world wants to record in our minds?  Wellcome to &quot;FIGT CLUB&quot; Mr. Dudler.Did you bring the soap with  you? Yes! Ok let's fight (and ofcours buy this dvd).
B00000IQBM|5.0|I liked, The Shining it's scary and very weird my, favorite part is  &quot;Here's Johnney&quot; man it's a good horror film, I liked it enjoy.
0380002930|5.0|This was a real page turner.  It was especially exciting when the author  gave you a red herring throughout the book!
B00004U9MS|5.0|After hearing (and falling in love with the song)'yellow', I went out and  bought 'Parachutes' and i have to say it is amazing!! I would certainly  recommend it to anyone that likes that kind of music. I personally adore  Shiver and Don't Panic the most!
B0000214F3|5.0|I suppose the movie was  either not promoted well or came out at an  auspicious time - it was just swept under the carpet.  But after stumbling  into this movie accidentally, I have been telling everyone about it.  It is  a beautiful movie marked with sensitive acting &amp; realistic (albeit  having the grim reaper follow you) interpersonal scenes.  The story line is  quite intriguing.  Definitely, Brad Pitt is phenomenal in this movie; his  portrayal is both believeable (again, if you could be so lucky to have him  as the grim reaper!) and very moving.  Although this is not primarily a  &quot;chick flik&quot;, there is one particular love scene that is SO REAL,  it should frighten Jennifer Anniston!
B000002G89|5.0|Even though he only wrote two of this albums ten songs, this Album is all Claptons.  His guitar skill and haunting vocals all come together here.   &quot;I Shot The Sheriff&quot; may be this albums most Known song, but  isn't the best.  &quot;Let It Grow&quot; and &quot;Wille and The Hand  Jive&quot; shine, as does &quot;Motherless Children&quot;.  Some people  might think Clapton's music is dated, but this just isn't true, I worked  then,(and remastered) it works even better now.  Do yourself a favor and  pick this one up today.
B000003B6J|4.0|N.W.A.'s STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON made me an Ice Cube fan rather than a fan  of the group.  In 1990, as I listened to the CD over and over, it occured  to me the best raps were those Ice Cube either wrote or co-wrote.  Cube's  observations of life in the Los Angeles slums depict a modern-day wild,  wild west.<br /><br />However, I must add that the restrained production values of  STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON complemented the rapping of Ice Cube, M.C. Ren and  Easy-E.  The credit for that goes to Dr. Dre.<br /><br />I never picked up another  N.W.A. release after STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON but followed Ice Cube's career.  Seek out his excellent solo releases AMERIKKKA'S MOST WANTED, DEATH  CERTIFICATE and THE PREDATOR if you like his contributions to STRAIGHT  OUTTA COMPTON as much as I do.  Also, hear the superb BOW DOWN by Westside  Connection, another group effort in which Ice Cube composed and  rapped.<br /><br />Did someone leave N.W.A. while STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON was being  made?  The CD mentions Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, M.C. Ren, Easy-E and D.J. Yella.  That's five members, but the album cover shows six men.  And one of the  raps mentions \\"six (black men) in a car.\\"  Who is sixth guy -  does someone know?
B000002UB6|5.0|Oh No, this is classic Beatles. Get Back, Let it Be, The Long and Winding  Road, I've Got A Felling,Across The Universe, how could an album carrying  those songs be bad those are classics. Two Of Us, Dig a Pony and I Me Mine  ar unjustly underrated. Yeah Dig it is mediocre but flows in nicely with  the classic Let it Be. Though you could find better versions of Get Back  and Across the Universe on Past Masters vol 2 though there still good  here.Maggie May is filler but One After 909 is great rocker. Though this  was released after Abbey Road, Abbey Road was there last. These songs were  recorded before Abbey Road and given to Phil Spector to produce. Phil  Spector went on to producing some of John's and George's solo albums
0688170528|2.0|Because this book is so 'readable', people are claiming it's art.  But try  and look a little below the surface (and this book is all surface) and see  that it's really unbelievable and very shallow.  The characters are so  thinly drawn, that they have only one characteristic each (Gus is  forthright, James is reserved.  And what about Kate?  Was she anything more  than a plot device that popped in and out as needed to forward the story?)   The telling monents, such as Emily grabbing Chris's hand immediately after  she is born is so contrived it's cringe-inducing.<br />I know a lot of pople  will tell me I'm heartless for not being affected by this story.  But when  something is this blatantly manipulative without offering any genuine  insight, I can't fall for it.  But obviously, there are plenty of people  who like to be emotionally manipulated.<br />Is it entertaining?  Yes.  Is it  well written?  Absolutely not.
B000002UAX|5.0|Yep it's the best double LP ever. Dpnt get me wrong I love other doubles  like Pink Floyd's The Wall, Led Zeppelin's Physical Graffiti, Stones- Exile  but this is the one. So many great songs man the only one I dont really  care for is Why Dont We Do it On the Road. Yes I even like wild honey pie  and revolution#9 they work really well on this album. So many range of  songs Like country western-Rocky Racoon and Don't Pass Me By, Blues- Yer  Blues (YB is proof that the Beatles can play good blues. 2o's jazz-honey  pie, Heavy Metal-Helter Skelter(which kicks major a**, you got your novelty  tunes-Piggies, bungolow bill reggae-ska Ob-la di-ob-la-da, and your  straight up rock&amp;roll- USSR, Birthday, Happiness is a warm gun,me and  my monkey, pschydelia-Glass Onion, Avant-grad-#9 and of course the ballads  I Will,etc. John's Dear Prudence and Julia are haunting. But George really  shines with songs like while my guiter gently weeps, savoy truffle and of  course piggies. And what a way to end an album with the calm  &quot;goodnight&quot;. So many great songs A CLASSIC
B00000JCB2|4.0|I can't believe everybody is bashing this album.  While it is not perfect,  it sure is not terrible.  Just because you do not like Fred Durst doesn't  mean you have to dis the whole band.  Wes Borland is one of the best guitar  players now, behind Mark Tremonti of Creed and Kirk Hammett of Metallica  (NO METALLICA DID NOT SELL OUT), and John Otto has to be the best drummer  at keeping beat/rhythm.  &quot;Break Stuff&quot; has to be the greatest  angry song of all time, while &quot;Nobody Like You&quot;,  &quot;Nookie&quot;, and &quot;Dont Go Off Wandering&quot; are all great  tracks.  &quot;Outro&quot; is also a hilarious track, with Matt Pinfield  bashing all the boy bands and pop-trash.  Go and get this CD and do not  listen to everyone else who reviewed this CD.
B000002OX7|5.0|Wont Get Fooled again is one of the greatest Who songs ever and one of the  best rock songs. Who's next also contains Baba O'Riley, Behind Blue Eyes,  and Bargain. All four of the songs mentioned are timeless classic's. But  thats not it My Wife is a great humerous song and Getting in tune is also  powerful. The album is a must buy especially with the bonus tracks. A  Classic indeed!
0449227421|4.0|This being the first book by Ken Follett that I've read, I was pleasantly  entertained.  From the beginning of the book, I had a very hard time  putting it down at night.  The mysteries just kept piling up and I had to  know what happened.  The cliffhanger endings at the end of each chapter  didn't help much either.<br />The characterization for the protagonists of the  book were pretty good.  I actually cared about what happened to them.  I  wanted them to get out of the mess they were in and be able to live happy  lives.  My main problem with this book were the two dimensional  antagonists.  They seemed to have no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  Don't  get me wrong, I hated them with a passion and I suppose that was the  reaction that Follett was trying to engender, but a villain is always so  much better when he has something that the reader can identify with.   Unless you're a white supremacist, you won't be able to identify with any  part of these guys.<br />I have to say that this was a very entertaining read.   Yes, there was a certain required amount of suspension of disbelief  required, but that was also the case in Michael Crichton's JURASSIC PARK.   Both books are very good, even though there are parts that aren't very  realistic.  It's the realism surrounding the unbelievable that makes it so  good.  I'd recommend this book to any one of my reading friends.
B00000IQC8|5.0|If you ever had to or still to do deal with customers at work you'll love  this movie. This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. This movie  is bound to become a classic and is defintly a milestone in filmmaking.  Simply put it Kevin Smith is a genius.
B000003S0K|4.0|This was Eno's first solo venture, in the wake of the mind-bendingly  bizarre soundscapes of &quot;No Pussyfooting&quot; with Robert Fripp. From  the quantity and quality of the material its obvious that a lot more had  been percolating in his brain than to remain Bryan Ferry's sideman,  treating other instruments and providing sonic punctuations.<br />Eno's  penchant for pushing the technological envelope in an effort to discover  new sounds was given free reign in this adventure in experimentation. Some  of it works, some of it doesn't; but the sheer energy with which the  creative process is approached is inspirational!<br />Although his vocal  prowess rarely approaches welterweight in timbre (and never manages to  eclipse the depth and resonance of Bryan Ferry's) this is, ultimately, very  amusing stuff. While Ferry was becoming &quot;more musical,&quot;  predictable, and pedestrian, Eno was breaking free and cutting loose, with  some of the wackiest stream-of-consciousness stuff since Gertrude Stein's  elliptical musings.<br />The supporting cast includes the entire Roxy Music  line-up, sans Ferry, amongst other Art Rock luminaries. They  collaboratively deliver some of the most unusual sounds that defy  categorization. Disturbing, urbane, messy, hilarious, creepy, and  thoroughly entertaining.
B000002UAU|5.0|At the time of this release it was very new and andvanced at that time, It  could quite be the most influencial and original album ever made! Though  Sgt. Pepper may not hold as high as say Revolver, Abbey Road and The White  Album (IMO), there is no doubt that this is one of the best albums ever  released. How could this ablum be overrated is beyond me. Sgt. Pepper and  its reprise are great rockers so is Good Morning Good Morning. Getting  Better, Lovely Rita and when I'm 64 are underrated gems. Being For The  Benefit of Mr. Kite and Lucy in The Sky With Diamonds are trippy, the  latter being a all time Beatles classic. George's tune Within You Without  You is very underrated (as is all his eastern influenced songs). But what I  really love about this album is the last song A Day in the Life, this song  is so lyrically and musicly perfect-Got to give Paul enourmous credit for  his part (the bridge) in the middle of the song helped make this song and  all time classic.
B00004T9UF|5.0|this album is brilliant eminem is such a good singer and rapper if u  havent brought this album buy it now!!!
B000003BEM|5.0|Beggars Banquet opens with one of rocks most powerful- well written songs Sympathy for the Devil the song is just flawless from begginng to the end.  Sympathy is a good candidate for the best Stones song in there long 35+  year carrier. After the hard rocking Symathy your cooled off with a  beatiful ballad No Expectations, like the opening track the song is perfect  beggining from end. Street Fighting Man and Stray Cat Blues are also to  hard rockin classics and Jig-Saw Puzzle should be a radio standard! Anyways  the albums a classic and is one of the Stones best....GO BUY IT NOW!
0800141326|5.0|Why does everybody hate this movie?! Godzilla invades New York, destroying  portions of the city, including M-S-G! People say &quot;it doesn't look  like Godzilla&quot; SO WHAT?! This is an awesome monster movie, so check it  out. Besides, has anyone seen the previews for &quot;godzilla 2000&quot;?  It's gonna be same old god-awful effects from way back in the old days,  it's gonna have the same terribly annoying Japenese style script, its gonna  be the SAME OLD THING. So check out this version of 'Zilla, it is a new and  improved style of the monster/lizard/nuclear accident/whatever he is.
B000003TAR|4.0|I was a Nirvana fan way back when, but this album didn't click for me the  same way &quot;Bleach&quot; or &quot;Nevermind&quot; did. I got older and  moved to other, more (I hesitate to say) underground bands. I pulled this  album out tonight and somehow it finally clicked for me.<br />Perhaps what  finally did it for me, was that &quot;In Utero&quot; shows that in '93,  Kurt was listening to the bands that I discovered later on down the road,  and/or the bands that influenced them. Kurt sings in a voice not unlike  David Yow of the Jesus Lizard on some of the songs. &quot;Scentless  Apprentice&quot; could be the B-side from an Unsane 7&quot; single circa  1990. The crazy guitar bends on the chorus of &quot;Heart Shaped Box&quot;  recall Drive Like Jehu or even late-period Black Flag. The emphasis on the  &quot;thud-thud-thud&quot; drums on &quot;Frances Farmer&quot; bring me  back to Tar's old records.<br />So, no d00d, this &quot;CD&quot; isn't as  &quot;tight&quot; as &quot;Nevermind.&quot; And it might not be  &quot;produced as good&quot; (I own several dozen albums that sport way  gnarlier production than this. I'm sure one listen would send 75% of the  reviewers on this page scurrying for their Creed albums.) and well, if you  might think this &quot;isn't as good of an alternative CD,&quot; you'd best  pick up something safe. I hear the new Everclear is pretty good. Or may I  suggest something by the Offspring.<br />But if you're like me, and are a big  fan of the late 80's/early 90's indie-punk-noise sound, &quot;In  Utero&quot; deserves a second look. It's as tough and noisy as anything  that came out on AmRep or Touch and Go in 1993.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I saw this film out of curiosity with p.t. anderson. After his remarkable Hard Eight and the very good Boogie Nights, I have become very much a fan  of this young director. I heard this was a love/hate type film, but I, for  one loved it. the story of chance, coincidence, despair, hope, and even  divine intervention proved to be most impressive.Tom Cruise, who redefined  himself after Eyes Wide shut is amazing a a hatable sex guru, but his is  only one of several great performances, including John C. Reilly, one of  the most underrated actors out there, the legendary Jason Robards (His  monologue about regret is beautiful) and the amazing Melora Walters, who  should have been this year's best supporting actress. Her flawless  portrayal of a desperate soul longing for and pushing away any attempts to  feel good about herself is what acting is all about. Her final close up at  the end is a reassurance at the joyous possibility that can arise after  even the worst experiences. Magnolia is a sad, beautiful, and hopeful  journey into the human experience. You will learn something about people  and maybe even yourself after this movie. Perfect.
6305165912|5.0|Sometimes my thinking about this movie becomes way to uptight . . there's a hell of a lot going on in it. It can't all be absorbed in one viewing,  which is the case with a lot of great movies that lacked commercial success  at the box office. Thus, it's a perfect movie to buy and wear out and loan  to friends.<br />Great performances by all actors involved. Personal favorite  Steve Buscemi moment: Donny's reaction to a kiss blown from Jesus (the  purple pervert played by John Turturro).
0140013997|5.0|I first read this book when I was a child, and have reread it more times  than I can count.  Every time I read it I laugh out loud until tears are  streaming down my face.  It is interesting, educational, and hilarious.   Gerald Durrell's rich use of the English language is also one of my  favorite things about this book.  Go get it!
B000009RC2|5.0|Mahavishnu Orchestra is unbelievable.  I have seen them three times,  original band-- McLaughlin, Hammer, Goodman, Cobham, Laird and the much  larger band with Michael Walden on drums, and Ralph Armstrong on bass.   Supposedly Walden was nineteen at the time, and Armstrong only seventeen.   I was also one of the lucky ones to see the original Mahavishnu perform  &quot;Birds of Fire&quot; in Albany, N.Y. in the late seventies?? and will  never forget it.
B00003CXGG|3.0|Just think of your classic Romeo &amp; Juliet story, but with African Americans and Asians as the feuding families. International action star Jet  Li plays Han (Romeo), an imprisoned police officer and son of an Asian  Mobster. Han finds out that his brother has been murdered. So out of anger,  Han unrealistically escapes from jail. Next thing you know, he's in the  U.S.!  Hip-Hop artist Aaliyah plays Trish (Juliet), daughter of the African  American Mobster, Isaak O'Day (played by Delroy &quot;stop eating my sesame  cake&quot; Lindo). <br />I thought the first half of the movie was boring, and  didn't quite pick up until the second half. The short times that Jet Li and  Aaliyah were together was great! It brought some life to the story. Except  that their relationship was more like a Duo-Type, like Chow Yun Fat and  Myra Sorvino in The Replacement Killers. It wasn't romantic or intimate.  What, do they feel that America isn't ready yet to see an Asian guy kiss an  African American or Caucasian woman yet? <br />This was Andrzej Bartkowiak's  (Cinematographer for movies such as Lethal Weapon 4 and Speed) directorial  debut. I didn't care for his directing so much. I thought the editing could  have been done a lot better. I'd get into certain action scenes, then the  next thing you know, it keeps changing camera angles. It would completely  ruin the action scenes. Also, the action scenes were shot WAY TOO CLOSE!  You could barely see what's going on! I like Jet Li, and the movies he's  done in the past. He did a GREAT job in this movie as well, but the  directing and editing was AWFUL!Overall it was an okay movie, but it wasn't  as great as everyone said it was.
6305971293|4.0|Ok, Halloween 5 is one of the low points in the series besides 3. But any fan should get the limited addition DVD. I have heard the picture quality  is outstanding! Only little noticable grain from scene to scene! And it  includes &quot;modern&quot; day reviews with Danielle Harris and Ellie  Cornell and others! The sound should blow away the old VHS tape! But this  movie has its ups and downs! First of all the plot is kind of weak. And the  gore is high in this one. And the stupid cops in this movie. Well my  verdict to this film is, dvd:5 extras on limited addition:5 and the movie:3  1/2.
B000002UJQ|5.0|In a time where popular music is something which sits easily in the  background and is neither offensive, creative, nor individualistic,  Radiohead have produced an album which goes totally against the grain.   Although it is not the most accessible of albums to start with this is  compensated for many times over by its endurance as a record that will stay  with you for the rest of your days. <br />In fact the difficulty of the record  is what makes it so exciting.  It refuses to settle easily in to the  background, demanding to be heard.  Aware of its own content, it does not  attempt to conform to any record label's desires for radio-friendly jingles  but rather grabs the listener by the earlobes and forces you to sit down,  shut up and take stock of your life and situation.<br />In the making of a  sequal to their successful second album, 'The Bends', many assumed that  another classic rock album was due, propelling Radiohead in to the league  of the stadium rock bands.  OK Computer could not be much further from this  description.  Progressive and experimental, it manages to combine elements  of jazz, trip-hop and psychadelic genres without at any time sounding as if  the band is abandoning its roots.  Where the 90s previously appeared to be  sounding the death knoll for guitar music, with the growth of dance, drum  and bass and a wide variety of musical sub-cultures, OK Computer turned the  tide on these and suggests that on the contrary,  these musical styles can  compliment each other.  Songs range from the frightening 'Climbing Up the  Walls' - filled with the sound of 16 violins tuned at quarter tones from  each other and a guitar line which can only be described as what sounds  like an elephant reaching its untimely demise; to the mellifluous 'The  Tourist' - a song which, when it is over, makes the listener feel like they  have been on holiday.<br />Thom Yorke once said, when describing the bands  name, Radiohead, that it reflected the idea that &quot;youbuy because you  are told to buy, you consume because you are told to consume... you just  become like a synapse in a chain of other peoples ideas... it's [about] the  passive acceptance of our environment&quot;.  This also explains the core  message of OK Computer.  As in 'Fitter Happier' - an interlude that uses  the same computerized voice as Stephen Hawkings to read the lyrics, listing  a series of chillingly delivered clean living tips: &quot;Not drinking too  much/ Regular exercise at the gym/ (three days a week)/ getting on better  with your associate employee contemporaries&quot; - the idea is that the  world in which we live and the environment around us has more power to  shape us than we are sometimes aware of.  OK Computer is the warning bell.   <br />Radiohead is sometimes criticised as depressing, I would disagree,  although the message of the album is one of the sadness of the world in  which we live, it continuously talks of escape from this world : &quot;I am  born again&quot; (airbag), &quot;One day I am gonna grow wings&quot; (Let  Down), &quot;Pack, and get dressed/ Before your father hears us/ Today, we  escape&quot; (Exit Music), &quot;When I am king you will be first against  the wall/ And your opinion which is of no consequence at all&quot;  (Paranoid Android).  It leaves the listener revitalised, we are not alone  in our desire to escape, there is hope.
6305903182|1.0|This movie is basically an intelligence test: If you liked it, have your  head examined. As a fan of horror movies, I am sickened that this movie was  released, let alone somehow enjoyed by some people.
0780631153|5.0|Without a doubt, this film is about regret.  I have never before left a  cinema needing so desperately to have to become a better person.  <br />The  film follows the events in the lives of many different characters from  different walks of life, in a similar fashion to Raymond Carver's Short  Cuts, for those who have seen it (if not, see that too).  Many of these  characters are related to each other, a father with a quiz show genius for  a son, another father (the quiz show host) who abused his daughter as a  child, another man who was previously in the same quiz show in 1968 but is  now a nobody, a dying father (who owns the company that made the quiz show)  who wants to see his long lost son (Tom Cruise) and more.  <br />This is  certainly a very very VERY complex film.  It attacks the senses with so  much information that it is very hard to contain it in one sitting.   However, if you can survive this, if you can either take it all in or have  the stamina to go back once you have digested it the first time and see it  once more, you will see that this is in fact one of the most incredible  films of the decade.  <br />The film can be understood as an explanation of a  monologue set at the beginning of the film, spoken by a cop.  In this, the  cop explains his philosophy for day to day living, that every day he tries  to go out and do good.  Then he goes on to say that he tries to do good in  his life because....  and then we see the film and the film is an  explanation.  This is why, because if we do not do our best then the pain  of regret will eat up inside of us and will stop us from truly ever being  happy.<br />But it is more than a simple, moralistic tale, the film is in part  a description of the mystery and reason behind the actions of God, as well  as containing some of the most fantastic acting, dialogue and a stunning  soundrack to boot.  With the films climactic ending you cannot help but be  wowed.<br />Do not be dissuaded by the scale of this film.It IS a long film,  there IS alot going on and alot to keep track of but if you perservere with  it then I have no doubt that it is worth the effort.
B00003CWL6|5.0|If there were 10 stars to rate, this film would get all 10. A film that unabashedly breaks out of the traditional Hollywood mould, this masterpiece  will leave you breathless, and will definitely make you think... Probably  not for everyone (my mother hated it), but if you're not shocked by the  typically shocking, you will love this film.  This is one time I actually  agreed with the Academy's choice for Best Film.  Beautifully written,  masterfully directed, with powerful performances by every cast member, this  is a film that won't soon be forgotten.
B000023X9W|1.0|across the great divide , nothing to decide......oh dear.
B00003CX6P|5.0|This film deserved a best picture nomination and best actor nomination for Matt Damon. Damon portrays Ripley as a lonely but likeable geek who wants  desperately to be loved. His desire for acceptance, and humiliation over  rejection, leads him to one tragic mistake that begins, for him, a life on  the run. Anthony Minghella does a superb job of re-creating Italy in the  1950's - this is a beautifully stunning film that should only be viewed in  widescreen. The suspense begins about 45 minutes into the film, and just  keeps building. Phillip Seymour Hoffman is delightfully arrogant and  threatening as Tom Ripley's nemisis.
014028009X|5.0|I read this book a year ago and laughed out loud the whole way through. I  have so many things in common with Bridget. I felt like this book was about  my life. It was so sad and funny at the same time. Just like real life. I  recommend it for any adult professional female singelton who has been  looking for love in all the wrong places!
0930289234|5.0|I'm not sure if any work of fiction, comic or otherwise, has ever affected  me as deeply as Watchmen.  If you don't read comics I would still recommend  this to you, and if you do read them and haven't read this, then shame on  you.<br />As for comments some make about the book being dated (nuclear war  is no longer a constant fear, etc.), I disagree.  If you were alive during  the Cold War or even just have a decent understanding of the period,  Watchmen will still affect you.  After all, World War II is long over, but  brilliant films continue to be made about it.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Lyrically uneven.  Not an example of the greatest musicianship.  However-<br />A truly great record.  A seemless collection of dynamic,  beautiful pop music.  A record one can savour from beginning to end.   Flawless, crystal clear production that doesn't sacrifice warmth or  feeling.  Its an emotional, moody record expressed in infectious  verse-chorus-verse- what else can you ask for in a pop record anyway?   <br />Great tunes, sometimes personal and thoughtful, sometimes absurd, with a  depth that manifests with multiple listenings.  Buy it.
630407185X|4.0|Ive been thinking about what to write regarding this particular film and  its no easy task. I notice that most reviewers have mixed feelings  concerning 'A Bridge too far' and i suppose that consenous is quite  justified. This movie would have been a nightmare to create as 'Operation  Market Garden'was in my oppinion, the most confusing and bungled event of  the war. I have read several books on 'Market Garden' and at times found it  very difficult to comprehend. I can imagine that viewers with a limited  knowledge of this battle would have trouble understanding the story which i  feel had great potential. (i would love to see Spielberg have a go at this  one) I also see a few comparisons being made too 'the longest day' but this  film is certainly not in the 'classic war film'category. The cast has good  depth though i found that many actors did not leave a lasting impresion on  me. (possibly because of their limited experience in war films) To its  credit, the film is fairly accurate and the use of German speech with  English undertitles gives it a little more authenticity. Perhaps they could  have concentrated on certain charactors or objectives a little more rather  than switch scenes every few minutes.    The movie does sit in my  collection but gathers dust more often than not.
B00000J7JO|5.0|anbother great addition to RHCP's collection....all u huge fans of  &quot;old RHCP's stuff&quot; just because a band grows musicaly does not  mean they are &quot;pop&quot; or &quot;sellouts&quot;
0375707972|3.0|Light reading; attempts to sympathize with unwilling Holocaust  perpetrators.  The movie industry and news media have not been sympathetic  to unwilling German participants, and there must have been many.  Heck, I  didn't think there were any!<br />The book does capture the narrator's  struggle with his own self-imposed standards.  He is obsessed with Anna.   Admitting that he still has feelings for her would probably bring him to a  lower level than his parents who had &quot;tolerated the perpetrators in  their midst&quot;. If The Reader helps to minimize unjust animosity, then  it has done its job.
B000002KBU|4.0|This is going to be a rather unpopular opinion, I'm sure, but I've always  ranked &quot;Blue&quot; pretty far down there in my list of Joni's classic  albums.  I've never understood how it could place so much higher than  &quot;Court and Spark&quot;, &quot;The Hissing Of Summer Lawns&quot; and  &quot;Hejira&quot; in those absurd &quot;Best 100 Albums of All-Time&quot;  lists.  (At least they put one of Joni's albums in the list, whereas she is  often ignored by such surveys.)  &quot;Blue&quot; does have some good  songs, maybe even some excellent songs, but (in my opinion) Joni still  sounds stilted and restrained here.  I think that her best work was done  when she finally let loose and grooved a little bit.  True, for fans of  folk (especially those who don't care for jazz) this could be considered  the climax of Joni's folk era, but I find her mid-70's work to be more  compelling both musically and lyrically.  Her poetry got more articulate  and provocative in the albums following &quot;Blue&quot;, and jazz really  tought her to rock out.  Nevertheless, &quot;California&quot; is a great  song, and &quot;A Case of You&quot; contains some of the increasingly  idiosyncratic lyrics that Joni would continue to write.  But even for her  folky stuff, I would choose the '94 grammy-winner &quot;Turbulent  Indigo&quot; over &quot;Blue&quot; any day.  Sorry...
6304578482|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies of all time,for me it deffinatly was.Me  and most all my male friends found this hilarious also, watch it and see
B000002I25|5.0|True, I'm a hyperbole kind of guy. But is this the greatest rock record  ever recorded? Seriously. What on earth surpasses it?
B00003CX96|4.0|Story of an aspiring young cyclist that yearns for the respect of a world class cycling team, later to find out it is not the image that these  cyclists project that makes them successful, rather that heart and  dedication to press on for a goal dispite what other try to tell you.  Constantly mirroring these cyclists and imitatinng their antics he also  fights for the heart of a young lady that he wants to call his own.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Overall, I think Britney's second ablum is pretty good. I really like the formation of the songs.  The vocals helped in many of  Britney's songs and  really gets you going. My favorite songs in that CD are OOps I did it  again, Stronger, What u want is what u get, Lucky, Where are you now ( of  course),  and Can't make you love me. AS i have listed, the one that i  admire the most is Where are you now.  It is actually a terriffic song,  both vocals and lyrics. Britney really showed others that she has the  ability to sing well and effectively, unlikethe yelling and screaming (all  those nonsense of Christina A.) found in the other female artist. SO this  album is really worth buying.
B00004TDTO|5.0|The five stars I'm giving this DVD is for the movie itself, which translates very well to the small screen in this letterboxed edition (at  least if you have a big enough television and a kickass sound system). This  impeccable DVD release brings vivid image and crisp sound and makes the  experience of watching it exciting and thrilling. Have you been watching  this in reruns on TNT for the past 10 years? Do yourself a favor, cut it  out and add this to your library. Its magic is timeless.<br />Having said  that, I was a little disappointed at the deficit of extra features this  &quot;anniversary edition&quot; included. There WAS a little, like some  documentary footage and a lame trivia game (and the requisite trailers) to  sweeten the pot, but in general the whole package is somewht of a letdown.  However, this is THE edition to have for the Jaws or Spielberg fan thus  far, and who knows how long it will be till something better comes  along?<br />Get it.
B00004TVV1|5.0|Without question Duke Ellington and Louis Armstrong are the two most  important figures in 20th century American music. Here they're joined  together for a historic session, performing a solid set of Ellingtonian  chestnuts. The sheer joy of these seminal figures playing together for the  first and only time reaches out and grabs you. If listening to Satchmo sing  Duke's Place or Don't Get Around Much Anymore doesn't get to you, then call  the undertaker, cause you died sometime ago.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|When I ask some of my friends if they know who The Clash are they will  look at me with blank stares and eventually say no. This is why everyone  must embrace The Clash. Just because they don't have the popularity that  The Beatles do doesn't mean that they are not an outstanding band. As you  keep listening to London Calling Joe Strummer's and Mick Jones' vocals will  grow on you like no other band has before. And the wide variety of  instruments that are used in the different songs will blow you away. If you  haven't listened to London Calling before get ready for one of the most  satisfying albums ever to exist.
158234082X|2.0|Bourdain seems to have written with the aim of shocking the reader, rather than to give an understanding of the cooking business.  The book is a  series of disconnected stories, obviously written at different times, for  different purposes, and stitched together to make this book.<br />Bourdain  paints a picture of a kitchen populated by misfits with foul mouths,  lacking in common morals.  While I'm sure that these types of kitchens  exist, Bourdain's kitchen seems to be more a reflection of himself than of  the industry as a whole.<br />There are two things missing from the book which  are telling.  The first is that Bourdain never displays any passion for  food.  He describes how many meals he and his kitchen staff put out, and  how he cheated at the Culinary Institute of America (CIA), but never even  mentions a desire to create unforgettable food.  The only mention of why he  chose to become a cook has nothing to do with food, but perhaps with power.<br />The second is the lack of mention of his parents (they appear briefly  in an early chapter).  But it's clear that their support was important to  Bourdain, both for the education funds he diverted to drugs and for his  tuition at the CIA.  Yet he never mentions them, giving the impression that  he did everything on his own.<br />Bourdain obviously is driven and works  extremely hard.  One is left wondering what he could have achieved, even in  the cooking world, if he had focused that drive and energy towards  achievement instead of drugs and macho posturing.<br />A book with a more  realistic view of the cooking world is Michael Ruhlman's &quot;The Making  of a Chef&quot;.  Save yourself some time and money and buy that one first.  And if you're really interested in cooking, get Harold McGee's book \\"On  Food and Cooking\\".
B000021XR5|5.0|No. 4 doesn't contain as many hits as their first three albums. It isn't as heavy as &quot;Core,&quot; it isn't as catchy as &quot;Purple,&quot; it  isn't as ambitious as &quot;Tiny Music...&quot;. So, how is it their  best?<br />At first, it isn't. I'm sure you've read it takes time to like the  album, and it's true. But after a while, you start to like it...then love  it...then think of it as one of your best CDs you own. <br />This album is  magical, mysterious , dark, isolated, angry, offhand, powerful, regretful,  psychedelic and hypnotising. All in all, it has to be the best album of  1999. VERY, VEEERY underrated.<br />It's hard to pick a best song.  &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;Sour Girl&quot; were both huge top ten hits, and  they couldn't be more different sounding. &quot;Down&quot; is among the  heaviest songs STP ever did (with absolutely AMAZING vocals), and  &quot;Sour Girl&quot; is a catchy 60s-esque pop tune with a cool, weird  video. But the singles aren't the stars on this  album...<br />&quot;Atlanta&quot; has got to be the most enchanting, amazzing  song I have ever heard. The bridge (that shows Scott's ever increasng vocal  range) will get you HIGH. Well, not really, but it's the closest thing to  it naturally...<br />Every song works great together here, like it's a concept  album. &quot;Pruno&quot; could be a hit single if it were  released...&quot;Church On Tuesday&quot; is a catchy little pop song that's  instantly enjoyable...&quot;No Way Out&quot; is an intense, angry, mournful  song about hatred for heroin and what it was doing to Scott at the  time...&quot;Sex and Violence&quot; is a heavy, catchy rocker that is  likely the next single...&quot;Glide&quot; is a great song after a while,  adding more pschidelia to the album...&quot;I Got You&quot; was my favorite  the first time I listened to this CD, it's a Countryish pop rocker with a  great acoustic solo...&quot;MC5&quot; is a short, heavy rock song with a  kick *ss drum line.<br />Buy this album. If at first you don't like it...don't  sell it to a CD shop. Keep it. It will get better. I know for a fact.
B00003CXFV|2.0|Sorry to go against popular opinion here, but this movie was a big disappointment.  Sure Juila Roberts does a nice job in the lead role, but  the plot is terminally predictable.  There are too many scenes to count in  which: a) seemingly terrible setback occurs... b) Erin pleads with her boss  to take her side... c) he disagrees... d) he finally gives in... e) Erin  was right!<br />This movie was also too long, with again, too many scenes to  count of teary-eyed victims telling their story just to get the audience  rooting for Erin.<br />I have walked out of very few movies in my life, this  was one of them.
B000002VCZ|4.0|The only way I can best describe Vulture Culture is that it is user or  listener friendly. While not as daring as their 1979 Eve release (with  regards to racy lyrics about women and more of a rock sound), it still does  not disappoint ! The title track itself carries a somewhat faint  resemblance or undertone of intrumentation a la Roxy Music (Avalon, Flesh  &amp; Blood). The only track that falters is Hawkeye; it is a sheer 1980's  commercial/pop intrumental that could have been used for a sports-shoe  product commercial. The catchy title and social concept for this album is  perfect; Especially for these times about our existence and where we're  going in life on this dog eat dog world of day to day living, commuting,  working, etc.,etc....
B000002LND|5.0|All I can say is wow.  Madonna's music makes me want to get up and  dance-and I do when listening to this CD!  Everyone I know has this CD and  I can see why.  With so many hits, its a musical goldmine.  One listen and  you'll be hooked!
B00004T37H|5.0|Princess Mononoke made me see that all anime isn't trash. This is one of the most beautiful anime's I've seen. Its well done and voices fit the  characters well. Though definately not a child's movie, it will catch the  attention of anime and non-anime fans. Adults and older children will love  this movie. I can guarantee that it will capture the heart of anyone who  watches it.
B0000020T3|4.0|I was only familiar with their early, Rolling Stones-inspired stuff when I  picked this up and was a trifle startled at how Beatlesish it is.  It  sounds like it was recorded by some hopeful garage band from the heartland  in early 1966, not by a San Francisco group in 1976!!  But it grows on you.   Certain tunes stick in the head and begin to take over your brain (the  title song for instance, then others and still others); the Jagger-Richards  and Larry Williams covers are decent and the decision to cover the somewhat  obscure Beatles song &quot;Misery&quot; was inspired.  &quot;Let the Boy  Rock n'Roll&quot; reminds me of Nick Lowe for some reason.  Dave Edmunds  produced and the somewhat murky sound of the vocals is no doubt his doing,  but it does kind of add to the sixties period flavor.  Against that, the  W.C. Handy cover is a little boring, and two ballads back-to-back near the  end of the album is one too many.  But over all, this is a charmer, and  since I only got it three weeks ago it may not be done growing on me!
B000002IZ4|5.0|STP grew. What else can you say?<br />The first album was somewhat limited to grunge...this album is different. It still has grunge efforts, but they  have a more extensive range in this one.<br />Buy this CD if only for the  hits: &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; held it's own with the group's other  SUPER hit &quot;Plush&quot; from &quot;Core.&quot; ILS stayed number one on  the charts for 17 weeks and is one of the most known songs of the 90s. The  same can be said about &quot;Plush&quot; and it could take hours to figure  out which one really was the bigger hit...however any group that could  produce two songs that were so damn popular deserve to be in the hall of  fame.<br />Two other smash hits on this one: &quot;Vasoline,&quot; a simple  but excellent grunge anthem that secured STP's success, and &quot;Big  Empty,&quot; the song everyone would know from &quot;The Crow&quot;  soundtrack. &quot;Big Empty&quot; is the better of the two...and I would  bet my LIFE that anyone would recognize it in the first five seconds of the  song. The cool slide guitar work and mysterious lyrics secured The Crow's  platinum status. Topping that off with one of the catchiest choruses of all  time, &quot;Big Empty&quot; is reason enough to by any album.<br />Thankfully,  this album trimmed the filler from &quot;Core.&quot; In the grunge  category, there is &quot;Meatplow,&quot; a wonderful rocker with cool but  meaningless lyrics, and &quot;Lounge Fly&quot; which kinda sounds like  Alice In Chains in its own weird way.<br />Alternative rockers are the  majority here:<br />&quot;Still Remains&quot; is a preview of the mysticism  that would be all over their next (better) release, &quot;Tiny  Music...&quot; while the same can be said about &quot;Pretty Penny&quot;  and their latest release, No. 4.<br />&quot;Silvergun Superman&quot; is one of  STP's finest tunes, and is basic rock and roll that could have been  released in the 70s. It's chorus is classic STP...incredibly catchy, even  to the harshest critic.<br />&quot;Unglued&quot; is a groovy alt-rocker that  was actually a minor hit with FM radio. Scott's lyrics really fit the mood  of the music (&quot;Moderation is masturbation, what is what and what makes  you feel good?&quot;) and it will leave you wanting more.<br />Such comes with  &quot;Army Ants,&quot; with it's mysterious opening and catchy riffs it is  also one of the best STP songs ever recorded. The solo is  amazing.<br />Surprisingly the only one I'm not crazy about is the final song,  &quot;Kitchenware and Candybars.&quot; The lyrics are good, the guitar is  so-so, but it seems to repetetive to match up with the rest of the  album.<br />Although the critical acceptance didn't come until their next  album (which is far more ambitious and original than this one), this was  the height of their popularity, selling nine million copies and containing  some of the biggest hits of the 90s.
B00003CXDB|5.0|Majority of the people who reviewed this movie enjoyed it a great deal.  One of the reviews said that it was an anti-america film.  If that was  Stones intention he failed.  Read the reviews, Americans value our greed  and our win at all costs attitude.  It is a fun movie with excellent  quotable lines.  GG and Bud are two of the best charecters to come out of a  &quot;business world&quot; film.  Remember &quot;money never sleeps&quot;  neither does our undying thirst for power.
B000002P5W|5.0|While it does not &quot;rock&quot; as hard as Are You Experienced, nor is it as incredible as Electric Ladyland, Axis is still an excellent record  that showed the world that Hendrix was much, much more than a &quot;great  blues player&quot;.<br />From jazz to heavy metal Hendrix proved that he could  do it better than ANYBODY else. My only real complaint is about Noel  Redding's &quot;She's So Fine&quot;, it's simply dated psychedelic pop (but  it is saved by Hendrix's playing). Other than that it is an incredible  record! Hey, it has Little Wing on it, how could it not be incredible?
B0000047CX|5.0|It's really heartening to see and read for a change, people who've come to hear and appreciate some -genuine- musicians playing -genuine- music (and  not some God-awful non-musician multi-millionaire exhibitionists pretending  to play instruments that they use more as 'props'for their fool shows).<br />     I had all but given up on the current (and much too long-standing)  'musical' taste-lessness; but the comments I've read here on the superb  &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot; CD give me at least some renewed hope that  appreciation for -good- music hasn't totally vanished altogether  forever.<br />    Unfortunately, these two great musical artists are gone,  like so many others; Ellington, Armstrong, Goodman, Waller, and on and on  ...but thanks to the under-appreciated miracle of recording, we can still  listen to, and savor, the best that they had in them, just as we can that  of the works of Bach, Beethoven and Brahms, or Gilbert and Sullivan, or  Rodgers &amp; Hart, though they may have passed away well over a century or  two ago.<br />    My greatest musical 'hope' is that &quot;the younger  generation&quot; (which could include anyone born in the last forty years)  comes to hear the truly great musical treasures that the finest period of  American music has produced (roughly 1900-1960), and the lyricists and  composers that did it:<br />Johnny Mercer, Edward Kennedy &quot;Duke&quot;  Ellington, Hoagy Carmichael, Irving Berlin, Richard Rodgers, Vernon Duke,  Jimmy Van Heusen, Cole Porter, Eubie Blake, Bill &quot;Count&quot; Basie,  Thomas &quot;Fats&quot; Waller, Sammy Cahn, George and Ira Gershwin, Jerome  Kern, Burton Lane, Frank Loesser, Scott Joplin, Vincent Youmans, Richard  Whiting, &quot;Yip&quot; Harburg, Lorenz Hart, and Oscar Hammerstein, just  to mention a few...<br />    Don't &quot;short-change&quot; yourself; you've  heard and relished &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot; --- now go on and taste the  greatest of American music, by performers of the calibre of Stan Getz and  Joao Gilberto, that sadly, is much more valued in places like France,  England, Japan and even Thailand, much more than it is here in the U.S.<br />  Check out any good jazz/swing catalog, such as that readily available here  on Amazon.com [unsolicited 'commercial'endorsement].
6305897786|5.0|Great film with a great, but damn ambiguous, story. That's how people like  me like it. I watched the film five times and developed a number of  theories          (which i tried to send to kittygirlme a few reviews down  but the email wouldnt get through) Anyway I've been mulling over this flick  for a week or so now          and I'm still very pleased with every aspect.  All the acting is above reproach, mostly good special effects, same great  polanski style. Another huge          contributer was production manager  Dean Tavoularis (who we may remember worked on the visually exquisite  Apocolypse Now) whose warm lighting          and muted colors gave the film  an immpressive visual flair. The music was also brilliant, vibrant  orchestral scores accompanied by korean soprano Sumi          Jo. Good  stuff. I also loved the constant smoking and drinking, film noir lives on.  i love this movie.
B000009ED0|1.0|nothing new, this radical combo of rap, rock funk and hip hopwas old back in 95', besides red hot chilli peppers have been doin it since 1983, kid rocks a [parody] of a real hard rock band, he's the gun n's rose of the late ninites, full of pretension, b.s. ethics and a pusedo decadanted lifestyle that he tries to tone down by constantly showing off his son.  There's nothing wrong with pretension at all, Jane's Addiction sure were but they made up for that with increable songs and excellant albums( all two of them, kettle whistle dosent count) this album a hard rock disapontment becaues look what came before it, Ritual de lo habitual( jane's addiction) Badmotorfinger, superunknown( soundgarden) ,Siamese Dream(smashing pumpkins) nevermind, in utero(nirvana),The Fragile( nin)Blood Sugar Sex Magik (Red hot chili peppers.even THe Colour and the shape (foo fighters) and Purple and Core(stone temple pilots) rock harder becaues then k.r. becueas they expand the sound of rock rtaher than borrowing from their contemopries,, listen to the above albums then check out kid rock and see how embarresed he should be
B0000027I6|4.0|alright. let me begin by saying that i am 15 years old. not your average floyd fan, let alone someone likely to purchase a solo album of the  members. the earliest i own is saucerful of secrets (currently getting into  syd) and the latest, &quot;is there anybody out there, the wall live.&quot;  i had gotten tix to roger's madison square garden show and figured i'd  better brush up on some solo stuff so i wouldn't be a dolt about it when he  performed. i did kind of wrinkle my expression when i first heard it...i  was worried that his voice sounded rather scratchy and old and much of the  album is sung-spoken rather than just sung. though, in certain songs, he  did hit his wonderful vocal shouts, like what god wants...etc. still, i was  a wee bit worried. enter the concert. roger shattered all of my doubts by  singing beautifully, looking great, and capturing my attention with both  the floyd and his solo work. the show had its higher points than others,  but nothing ever failed to grip me. how is this relevant to the album? i  went home and finally appreciated it. now i can listen to it regularly and  i do feel it more...since, i obviously can't really feel anything, having  been born about 25 years too late. so i guess my viewpoint will remain  different in that vein, but everything about the show put me in contact  with an era i've sorely missed, and roger's album is now a warm place in my  heart and an aching that he will tour again. i would not reccommend this  album to anyone, certainly get into the floyd first...since i am a diehard  fan for my age, the album came as a side thing, but my devotedness grows as  i begin to understand. pink floyd and its members (i do love david gilmour  with a passion, but that's not for this review) have touched me in a  spectacular way, and if roger can continue to do this at 56, i believe that  is a wonderful accompolishment.
B000001EGA|5.0|when i bought my first cd player back in 1986 i bought two cd's,  &quot;captain fantastic&quot; and &quot;assault attack&quot; by michael  schenker, (featuring graham bonnet on vocals!) how's that for variety?  anyway this album always struck a chord with me, everything about it, the  artwork, the music,i can't even explain it. it's a personal thing that  words can't describe. anyone who likes it the way i do knows what i'm  talking about, and anyone who doesn't probably hasn't heard it yet!
B000002H2H|5.0|It is no question that Ride the Lightning is one of Metallica's most  powerful albums.  Every single song on the album is great, you can listen  to it without skiping one song.          Fight Fire With Fire starts out  with soft guitar and after a couple seconds it turns into super powerful  guitar.          The title track is another fast and heavy song about the  electric chair.         For Whom The Bell Tolls isn't quite as heavy as the  first two songs, but some people say it is the best Metallica song ever.          Fade to Black is the slow song on the album, but it is still one of  the best tracks on Ride The Lightning.         Trapped Under Ice has a  different sound to it than any song on the album, the guitar in it is  extremely fast.         Escape is another great song, but not as good as  some of the others on the album.        Creeping Death is probably the best  song on Ride the Lightning, although there are no bad ones.  It has great  lyrics and guitar playing.  Creeping Death has become a concert favorite.         When I first heard that Call of Ktulu was an instrumental, I doubted  it would be good or powerful at all.  Then I listened to the song and loved  it.  It is extremely powerful and one of the best songs on the album.  I  should have known Metallica wouldn't put anything bad on their albums.  If  you are a Metalllica fan and do not own this album, either go out and buy  it now or order it NOW!!!
B00003Q43A|2.0|I remember seeing this and really being wrapped up in it up until after  the end of the countdown (when the &quot;extermination&quot; began). From  then on, the movie was so-so. As my dad &amp; I left the theater, we  realized we had been enjoying ID4 (the second half, at least) already for  years, when it was WAR OF THE WORLDS, the 50's sci-fi blockbuster by George  Pal.<br />The real slap in the face is how the movie's directors/writers (who  also brought us the fun monster movie GODZILLA that bore no resemblance  whatsoever to Godzilla in story or appearance; I really did like GODZILLA,  but it was basically a mix of JURASSIC PARK and 20 MILLION MILES TO EARTH  with some BEAST FROM 20K FATHOMS thrown in for good measure) didn't even  acknowledge Pal's version during countless interviews. They sited every  science fiction cliche film in the book, but not WAR OF THE WORLDS. The  plot line -- at least from the initial blasting (end of the countdown, when  the aliens unleash the first blasts) -- is almost directly taken from WOTW,  right down to the &quot;virus&quot; that defeats the aliens.<br />Sheesh. A  fun initial hour, a yawner thereafter. Good effects though and some nice  performances from some of my favorite actors.
6305897786|5.0|Great film with a great, but damn ambiguous, story. That's how people like  me like it. I watched the film five times and developed a number of  theories          (which i tried to send to kittygirlme a few reviews down  but the email wouldnt get through) Anyway I've been mulling over this flick  for a week or so now          and I'm still very pleased with every aspect.  All the acting is above reproach, mostly good special effects, same great  polanski style. Another huge          contributer was production manager  Dean Tavoularis (who we may remember worked on the visually exquisite  Apocolypse Now) whose warm lighting          and muted colors gave the film  an immpressive visual flair. The music was also brilliant, vibrant  orchestral scores accompanied by korean soprano Sumi          Jo. Good  stuff. I also loved the constant smoking and drinking, film noir lives on.  i love this movie.
B0000062GE|5.0|Many people call Stabbing Westward a Nine Inch Nails rip off. Darkest Days proves those people wrong. Stabbing Westward is such a unique Industrial  band with their own original sound. Every song on this album is packed with  so much emotion and power. The instruments and electronics are amazing, and  Christopher Hall's voice brings the haunting and brooding lyrics to life  like no other singer could. The band has really matured since Ungod and  Wither Blister Burn + Peel, and it shows through the music and lyrics on  Darkest Days.<br />It's such a shame that Stabbing Westward isn't a very well  known band, because the talent they posses is greater than a majority of  the bands that are on the covers of magazines. Some people even say they're  better than NIN. Those words will never come from my mouth, but I will say  this. Stabbing Westward is one of the very few bands whose records I will  buy. I highly recommend Darkest Days, especially to fans of Industrial, and  to people who don't care to just hear screaming and swearing.
0451169514|5.0|I first saw It in school as a movie. I was in 7th grade orchestra class  and we began watching it because it was the very end of the school year and  had no more music to play. School ended before we could finish it and so I  rented it two months later from Blockbuster and finished it. I was hooked.  I immediately bought the book just to see the differences from the movie. I  was astounded. The book was so much better. It had so much more detail,  more details to hook you into the plot of the lucky seven. It is the kind  of book that will play with your mind and scare the living daylights out of  you without having gore. The characters were thought out so well, Bev with  her abusing father and, later in life, her abusing husband. Ben, the  overweight outcast. Bill, the stutterer. Eddie, the boy who couldn't go a  day without his aspirator. Mike, the black boy. Stan, who always thought  everything had a resonable explanation. And Wisecracking Richie, who never  could keep his mouth shut.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica never ceases to evolve and change through the years.  Never  content to tread water for very long, they come up with S&amp;M, the very  clever double entendra title to a most magnificent CD.  As a big Metallica  fan, I couldn't wait to hear what some of the songs sounded like with a  symphony behind them.  I was not dissapointed.  Master of Puuppets sounds  huge with the symphony and it gives it more life than the studio version.   I personally like the grunting and howling that Hetfield injects in the  songs.  Hammet's guitar resonates throughout the album and plays some  stunning solos.  I think the biggest improvement for a song on the disc is  Until It Sleeps.  It never grabbed mny attention until now.  The symphony  and the stepped up tempo improve the song tenfold and Hetfield gives the  song some added swagger which it needed.  My favorite songs on the album  are &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot;, &quot;Battery&quot;, and  &quot;One&quot;.  Yes, these are the older classics but they sound best  with the symphony.  If I could have a couple of complants, it would be that  I can't hear the guitars on the wonderful rendition of Enter Sandman.   Also, I'm tired of hearing Sad But True and Wherever I May Roam.  Two  incredible replacements could have Sanitarium and the Unforgiven, two of  Metallica's best.  Also,why did they leave out of verse on The Thing That  Should Not Be?  It is easily one of their best on the album but it was not  complete.       Complaints aside, well-worth the money for 2 stellar discs  of Metallica at their cocky, swaggering best.
0060930187|5.0|This book is incredible. I benefitted from it greatly. This book about a  woman's descent into insanity was amazing. I can't even grasp the words to  explain it......just read it and you'll see!
B000002H5I|5.0|This compilation of songs is powerful - both lyrically and musically.  Tracy sings of some of life's most serious and challenging issues and  causes one to pause and consider becoming more involved.  Her eloquence and  haunting voice last long after the music has ended. I have owned this CD  for years and it is still among the Top Ten I would take with me to a  desert island. It is a necessity in my musical life.  Listen to it once,  then listen again - she will win you over and you will want to start a  REVOLUTION!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|This concert can only truly be appreciated when viewed.  The Making of  footage was also very informative and as per usual with the boys,  entertaining.  Highly Recommended!
6305892806|4.0|I have to agree with most by saying that this movie wasn't a lot like the  book. I am a big fan of all of Jane Austen's novels, and so I was really  excited when I heard about this movie. (Since the only other movie made of  this book wasn't very good...) I read several reviews on it before I went  and saw it, but these reviews only made me nervous because they didn't have  many good things to say. However, I didn't need to be nervous because the  movie was good... if you look at it as just another movie and not a movie  based on a book. The characters were all very good for the parts and it was  really fun to watch. I especially liked the &quot;It could have ended  differently...&quot; thing at the end. I would recommend this movie to  everyone whether they're a fan of Jane Austen or not.
014028009X|5.0|The plot is the same...even down to the characterization of Mark Darcy (Mr. Darcy). Funny is an understatement of the glib, anxious, dotty  personality depicted here. I love Bridget, although I think she has a few  issues with alcohol, cigatrettes, sex, exercise, punctuality, etc....Loved  it....Chick book? YES!
B000002IAZ|5.0|The reason that Buffalo Springfield only lasted two years was the egos of  three men:Neil Young,Stephen Stills,and Richie Furay.Any band that has  three lead guitar playing songwriters will undoubtedly hear the clash of  egos sooner rather than later.While  they were around,not only did they  produce four classic sixties albums(BUFFALO SPRINGFIELD,BUFFALO SPRINGFIELD  AGAIN,LAST TIME AROUND and the unreleased STAMPEDE),but they paved the way  for such acts as Poco,The Eagles,The Flying Burrito Brothers,CSNY plus the  solo careers of Stills and Young.This retrospective shows you what comes  out of competition betwwen band members.Neil Young lays down foundations  for later work with CrazyHorse(MR SOUL),CSNY(EXPECECTING TO FLY,BROKEN  ARROW)and the Stray Gators(I AM A CHILD).Richie Furay delivers a country  rock classic(KIND WOMAN)and tackles two Young gems(ON THE WAY HOME,NOWADAYS  CLANCY CAN'T EVEN SING).Stephen Stills presents straightforward protest(FOR  WHAT IT'S WORTH),jangly pop (SIT DOWN,I THINK I LOVE YOU),a multi layered  country rock epic written about Judy Collins(BLUEBIRD)anda folk rock  masterpiece co-witten by David Crosby and later covered in concert by the  Beach Boys(ROCK AND ROLL WOMAN).When in sync,Buffalo Springfield could have  claimed the title of the American rival of the Beatles;duelling lead  guitars with meshing harmonies and intelligent lyrics.It is a shame that  they have never had a full reunion album/tour.Maybe that's just as  well.RETROSPECTIVE:BEST OF BUFFALO SPRINGFIELD is and excellent jumping off  point for the beginner or the Neil Young fan who just wants to know what  the fuss is all about.
B000002HMH|4.0|I'm not going to say this is a horrible record or Metallica has completely  sold out because I'm not narrow minded nor naive.  What I will say is that  as these guys get older they will change. This along with Reload are simple  proof of that change.  In case anyone hadn't noticed, the guys who are  Metallica are in their 30's.  I don't care for half the songs on here.  But  the ones I do appreciate such as Bleeding Me and The Outlaw Torn remind me  of the soul of Metallica.  There is a rawness to them but it's hidden  within the music.  Metal Forever!
0441172717|5.0|I was never a big fan of books that were part of a series.  I always associated them with star trek type of books that could only be appreciated  by people who devote their entire lives to the storyline. What enticed me  about this book (besides the attractive cover) was that I heard from a  friend that it was suppose to be one of the best sci-fi books ever written.   So, I thought I'd give it a shot.  I'm glad I did, This book was exciting  and kept my interest through the entire book.<br />I have only read the first  of the series so far, but I plan to give the rest of them a shot soon.   Check reviews for the other books in this series to see how I feel about  them.
B00004T0P1|4.0|A great new score by James Newton Howard. Great themes, tensionand a trill to listen to. [...]<br />If you liked Waterworld, the Lion King you will enjoy this one too.
0783229887|4.0|Well, as someone else said, this looked disappointing. But, also as  before, you will be suprised. Hilarious, chilling and absurd, you could be  suprised,  Chucky is reinvented as a wisecracking psycho, not just a  psycho, and Tiffany is a show-stealer. CHILD's PLAY:Good CHILD's PLAY 2:  Different, good but for a different audience CHILD's PLAY 3: Same as above.  Bride of CHUCKY: Different, but for everybody! (Except kids!)
B000002HRE|4.0|This record is probably the strangest of all Metallica.  The first 4  tracks are the best. Low Man's Lyric is a nice branch off the Metal tree  and Fixxxer has a nice fat sound.  The rest I can live without.  Certainly  not their best or even close but it IS another page in the life of  Metallica.  Metal Forever!
6302732875|5.0|When I see a great movie like this I figure there is still hope for  Hollywood and creativity. In these days of special effects and million  dollar budgets, it's refreshing to see an old style film that centers  around the personalities of a few central characters. This is as good as an  old Bogie black and white with cussing thrown in. The cast is superb and  Baldwin's lecture is not to be missed. This movie shows everyday men  working in a seedy real estate business, then the stakes are upped and  someone gets greedy. The language is strong because it fits in with their  characters. This is a great film.
B000002J03|5.0|The released a lot of great albums but this is the best. Released in 1969,  I would go so far as to say it was the album of the year. Which says a lot,  considering that the Stones Let It Bleed, Beatles Abbey Road, and the Who's  Tommy were all released that year. Jimmy Page gives the finest performance  of his illustrious career here, particularly on Heartbreaker, Whole Lotta  Love, and the Lemon Song. Thank You is one of Zepp's best ballads. Bonzo  shows us why he is one rock's top 2 drummers, along with Keith Moon. Fine  bass licks by John Paul Jones throughout the album and Plant really shows  his incredible versatility. One of the ten best albums of all time.
B000002N2P|5.0|I recently bought this cd to go with my collection of other green day  cd's. They all rock but i'd have to say this is one of the best. It is true  punk rock that really pounds into you. If your a green day fan than this is  a great cd to get and even if your not and your just looking for some good  punk rock get this cd. Some of my personal favorite songs would be Geek  Stink Breath, Brain Stew and Walking Contradiction. Even though their all  great hard rock songs. This is a great cd and I'd recomend it to anyone.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is probably my favorite Metallica album.  Sure the production  could've been better but this is one of the most intense and epic metal  CD's you'll ever find!  I used to have favorites on here that I would only  listen to.  But after many years I'm finding things in the other songs I  used to pass on enjoyable.  If there's one thing that stands out it's the  fact that the songs sound so different and yet fit together so well. A  metal classic!
6304258984|5.0|Sean Connery,Nicholas Cage and Ed Harris were outstanding in this movie. It was action packed from the get go. Ed Harris plays a disillusioned  general who seizes Alcatraz and threatens to Launch chemical weapons if his  demands are not met. He wants missing soldiers accounted for by the  government. Navy Seals are sent in and killed by the Harris forces. Cage  who plays a chemical expert is called upon. Connery who has been a prisoner  of the government for 20 plus years is called upon because he is the only  man to ever break out of Alcatraz. Connery and Cage gain entrance to  Alcatraz. They finally subdue the forces of Harris and disarm the chemical  weapons. Connery is allowed to escape by Cage. The movie ends with Cage  obtaining the secret film that sent Connery to prison. An outstanding  movie.
B00004THAY|5.0|What can I say, the two masters playing in the same room. The magic is  just there. This is a truly great blues album, whatsoever. I've only  listened to it a few times, and I am already in love with it. I would like  to mention that I am a huge Clapton fan and like a lot of his stuff, but to  my mind the last album was kind of hard to appreciate, it wasn't Clapton.  To hear Riding With the King is a true relief. When I listen to it I can  just feel the presents of the two. Hope you would share my feelings.
6303540082|4.0|Being a die-hard Madonna fan my views of her slightley changed after  seeing this video. Thoughout the entire tape Madonna protrades herself as a  spoiled brat. In some scences she would  whine and throw fits if she didn't  get her way. I know that if I was Madonna I would have been extremly  embarrased and would have not realeased this to the public. Though I was  disappointed with Madonna's attuitude and the way she carried herself  though out this documentry  , it was interesting and watchable , and I  enjoyed being able to see the true Madonna , but let us prey she has  changed over the years. After seeing this tape you will be able to see  Madonna  the human being rather than Madonna the star. That is why I gave  it 4 rather than 3 , 2, or ,1. If you like Madonna I suppose you could give  this movie a try. Though it can be shocking at some points , if you want to  see madonna living her life day by day , well , here it is. Enjoy!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I liked it! A lot! The DVD is a nice version too! Metal!
0471603864|5.0|This is the absolute must for the beginner high energy student, theorist  or experimentalist , graduate or undergraduate. This should be your first  book on the subject. Anything else is too hard or too naive.This is the  book that will take you by the hand, do the calculations, show you the  history of the subject and tell you what is important and what is not, in  short show you what high energy physics is all about. It has the ultimate  material and structure. <br />If you dont know what a quark is or why people  keep talking about its color, or you have never seen Dirac's equation, or  you have no idea about what a cross section may be or how to solve problems  in relativistic kinematics, THIS BOOK will take you by hand, teach you and  care for you.  If your friends tell you how cool a Feynman diagram is but  you have never seen one and would like to understand what it is, what is  its meaning and how to calculate one, then this book will take you by the  hand and explain it to you. It will open the secret gardens of particle  physics in front of your eyes. It is full with great physical intuition,  not just mathematics all over the place.<br />And after you feel comfortable  with the first shock of the Feynman diagrams and the Dirac equation and  Electrodynamics, then you can sail away to the second part of the book that  covers Quantum Chromodynamics, weak interactions and gauge theories. Then  and only then make the jump to the more &quot;difficult&quot; books.<br />You  can read this book on your own, you dont need a professor or a course.  Griffiths is there. He knows your questions and answers them beforehand  (like Mandl). He is such a great pedagogist. Dear fellow student of high  energy physics, take my word and at least take a look at the book in your  library. I am sure that you will like it a lot.<br />P.S. Another book of this  magnitude and style is Gordon Kane's &quot;Modern Elementary Particle  Physics&quot;. If you cannot affort to buy both thenbuy this one! (Sorry  Dr. Kane)
B00000JCOV|5.0|The self titled 'Slipknot' album is perhaps one of the best debut albums  to hit the nu-metal scene.  Incorporating the kind of lyrics you would  expect from Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails, if he became angry and hateful  rather than moping and gloomy, with the kind of thrashing guitars and  unrelenting drums that you only dreamed about, this album is seriously Hard  Core and is full of, what the band describes as, the sickness.  Be warned  though if you do like diversity in the albums you listen to.  'Slipknot'  never really let up in their songs and their are only a couple of songs  that slow the pace down a bit to let you catch your breath. However, it has  to be said that there aren't two songs on the album that sound exactly  alike and there is more than a few songs on the album that could become  nu-metal anthems; 'Wait and Bleed' and 'Surfacing' particularly.    To  summarise if you are attracted by the kind of music that gets your heart  beating and your blood pumping and gives you the overwhelming desire to  mosh or head bang this is album is more than adequate. If not, I hear  Britney Spears is recording a new album. You could wait for that  instead.....
044022425X|5.0|I read this book when it was first published. I had no idea there were  others until this summer.  I have spent much time (lots of late nights)  this summer reading from the beginning, the saga of James and Claire  Fraser.  I had to purchase another copy of Drums of Autumn since I traded  mine away three years ago.  It was unforgettable as a stand alone book, but  once I read them in sequence, I believe this to be the finest series I've  ever read ( my apologies to Larry McMurtry). The artful crafting of details  drew me into the story to the point I thought of these characters day and  night.  Hurry! Hurry! Fiery Cross.  We are not so patiently waiting.
B000002H2H|5.0|Fade to Black is the song that won me over back in 1990.  It still gives  me goosebumps sometimes because it's just so damn good!  It took me a  little longer to appreciate the rest of the album but I eventually got  there.  Fight fire with Fire is one of those speed metal classics that  shows the power and rage and intensity of Metallica.  Bells is of course  another classic.  Creeping Death is one of the best opening songs I've ever  heard done live.  And Call of Ktulu is a prime example of the genius guitar  playing they are capable of.  Metal Forever.
6305265488|5.0|My friend introduced me to this movie, and at first I thought to myself,  &quot;Great, another boring love story...\\"!  I was wrong!  Ever After: A  Cinderella Story, is probably the most exciting love story ever put on  video.  Drew Barrymore gives an unforgettable and captivating performance!   Meanwhile, her co-stars also play very compelling roles!<br />Anjelica Huston  plays the evil stepmother.  To my experience as a performer, this is very  hard to do, for many-a-time, you can easily over act the part, but Ms  Huston is careful not to do so.<br />Also, in this movie, there is one wicked  stepsister, while the other one is very caring and not well liked by her  mother.<br />This movie makes you believe that Cinderella, her glass slippers,  and Prince Charming really could have existed!
0061002593|5.0|I hesitated between giving this story four or five stars and then settled for five.  It involves the exquisitely beautiful Venetia, who thanks to her  isolated upbringing in the wilds of Yorkshire, is a pragmatic lass with a  solid sense of humour.  Pretty soon, she encounters the rake from next  door, Mr.Reform-Me, I'm-so-sexy Dameril.<br />All in all, the plot is a little  slow, aside from the ending, when I felt as though I were physically  hurtling from Yorkshire to London and back, along with the heroine.   However, the characters redeem it; Dameril's rivals are hilarity incarnate,  including the love-struck and very aggressive teenage Oswald and Edward,  the essence of self-righteous pomposity.  There is also a breathtakingly  obnoxious mother-in-law who gets satisfyingly routed at every turn and her  lachrymose, pregnant daughter.  The ending itself has a pretty good twist  and best of all, the hero and heroine are believably &quot;right&quot; for  each other.
0440217563|5.0|I read Drums of Autumn first when it was publishe. It was unforgettable.   I found out this year that there were three prior stories.  I own them all  and have spent my summer reading Claire and James Fraser's saga.  I await  The Fiery Cross with MUCH anticipation. I read a lot but not romance.  I  like historical novels.  This easily fits both but without the hokey  stupidity of thr regular romance genre.
0671034065|2.0|I've read all of Linda Howard's books and this was definitely not one of her best.  The characters were very shallow and you never really fall in  love with any of them.  The hero is sexy but aside from his quick comebacks  to the heroine, I'm not sure why they would want to be together.  I did  like the twist about the bad guy.
B000023X9W|5.0|I've made a point of buying every new Neil Young album since 1987 the  first time I see it available, and this album is probably my favorite album  of his since I started that tradition. This album is more and more  rewarding every time I listen to it. That said, it's no &quot;Zuma&quot;.  It's very mellow and of a piece with the quieter parts of &quot;After the  Goldrush&quot; with a more hopeful and experienced perspective. It took me  a few listens to come to this conclusion, but that often seems to be a mark  of great music, not having the full beauty strike you the first time out.  Once you start listening, you may find you have trouble removing this album  from your cd carousel. NICE job, Neil, keep it going, it was worth the  wait.
0446310786|5.0|There isn't a single piece of literature that is as brilliant and wonderful as &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; by Harper Lee.  The story  covers all generations and everyone I have ever met LOVES this book.  It's  a chunk of American History and on the Top 5 list of &quot;Greatest Books  Ever.&quot;  I can turn to this book at any moment and find myself  completely transfixed and transformed into someone else.  Harper Lee  created a perfect book.  It's no wonder she never wrote another thing.   <br />A Perfect Piece of American Literature!
B00004TWZG|4.0|There is a difference between things we like and things which are good. The Professional (aka Leon) isn't very good. It's the story of a guy who  gets paid a lot of money to kill people, and there's nothing particularly  revealing or insightful about this. In fact, quite the opposite. The title  character is very cool. Movie assassins are cool. It's neat to watch Jean  Reno shoot people. But it's a comic book, in the very worst sense of the  term. It's utterly unrealistic and the only things that are enjoyable about  it depend entirely on that unrealism. Luc Besson doesn't know any more  about assassins than your dentist does. It's absolutely escapism.<br />That  being said, it's a hell of a lot of fun. Extremely enjoyable. Lots of fun  to watch with your friends, particularly because there's not a lot of  dialog, so you can comment over the action. It's not the type of movie that  you need to own, however. It's so broadly drawn, exactly like a cartoon,  that as soon as you *think* about it, much less look at the cover of the  movie, everything in it instantly comes back to you, and you'll find  yourself looking for something that's even minutely rewarding to watch more  than once.<br />Gary Oldman, on the same really dedicated drug binge that  carried him through most of the 90s, is just one notch too high. It's  possible to see that he could have turned in a performance that would scare  you, but he opted to play it over the top. This was probably a bad idea,  although he'd ratchet it up even further in The 5th Element.<br />When this  movie first came out, many reviewers were disturbed by the relationship  between Jean Reno and Natalie Portman. Others tried to dismiss this by  claiming it was familial rather than romantic. Both sides are wrong. Leon  has the mind of a child. Intellectually and emotionally, he's younger than  Natalie Portman's character. Their relationship is puppy love, so it's  romantic in whatever limited sense puppy love can be, but that's all.  There's nothing morally dangerous here, no-one's going to be corrupted by  this movie, except insofar as it might lead them to confuse things they  like with things that are good.
B00004NRWH|1.0|I'm not sure what standard all these 5 star reviewers are holding this  album to, but it can't be a very high one!  I purchased this CD on the  strength of their single radio hit.  Since then I have listened to it  repeatedly with the hope that the music would eventually speak to me. Sadly  enough, this did not happen.   <br />I am normally very forgiving of music  that does not stir my soul right from the start.  I realize that I do not  have the ability to immediately recognize high quality music as many  &quot;music critics&quot; do.  This is why I listen to albums many  (sometimes many, many) times before passing judgement.  Often it has taken  me a considerable amount of time to &quot;come around&quot; to a particular  album.  <br />For instance, it took me numerous listening sessions of Type O  Negative's latest album &quot;World Coming Down&quot; to recognize the true  quality of the album.  My first reaction to it was very negative and I was  convinced that I would continue to dislike it regardless of any further  attempts to understand it.  However, one day I was pleasently surprised to  discover that it had suddenly become a favorite and remained in my CD  player for weeks at a time.<br />I unfortunately cannot say the same about  Nickleback's &quot;The State&quot;.  I disliked it from the start and,  despite an extremely liberal number of attempts at listening to it I have  (in exasperation) finally shelved it as &quot;worthless&quot;.  It simply  had nothing interesting, new or worthy of comment thoroughout.  I could  never recommend it to anyone.  There are countless bands much more  deserving of our attention out there today.
0671034065|5.0|Every Friday after working all week at Hammerstead Technology, Jaine, T.J. Luna, and Marci meet at the local watering hole for some wine, food, and  talk. Jaine, the leader and most outspoken of the friends, discusses what  she feels are the most desirable traits in a man. Her three buddies join in  and soon they create the MR. PERFECT list. The first five requirements are  serious, but the remainder deteriorates into a farce to include penis  size.<br /><br />Marci gives the list to a friend who manages to place it in the  company newsletter. Soon, the list becomes a media event as TV and  newspaper reporters bombard the quartet of women requesting interviews.  However, the satirical list triggers a murderous response by a peer who  decides in a rage that all four women must die. Jaine's lover and neighbor,  detective Sam Donovan is in a race against a psychopathic killing machine  ultimately targeting his cherished significant other.<br /><br />MR. PERFECT  starts off humorously, but quickly combines elements from romantic suspense  with a thriller that gives the book a cross genre appeal. The romance  between the hero and heroine is hot and sexually explicit. The friendship  between the women is special and adds to the overall feel of the taut story  line as it juxtaposes against the ravings of a solitary lunatic. With her  perfect list, Linda Howard is destined to be on the New York Times  best-selling list.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
B000003Z12|5.0|I am a longtime Neal Schon fan from his earliest days with Santana and he NEVER ceases to amaze me!  Beyond The Thunder is the CD I reach for when I  am stressed or working on a very intense project at work.  It always  soothes and relaxes me.  If I had to pick a favorite song from this CD, it  would have to be Deep Forest.  It's incredible!  Like one other reviewer  said, Neals' music has aged to perfection like a fine wine.  I hope he  doesn't plan on retiring anytime soon!
0783113943|5.0|performances I've seen by an actress in a LONG TIME!  On first viewing, I found the film good, and Angelina's performance pretty impressive, but I  was of the opinion that Gia was a confused, annoying woman who contributed  to her own demise.  Then I happened to watch the film again and this time,  I was totally blown away.  Why, I couldn't tell you for sure.  Maybe it's  because the performance by Angelina is so layered, so intriguing and so  complex and one that you have to watch at least twice to appreciate on all  of its levels.  She captures the sexy/sensual Gia, the confident young Gia  taking on the modeling world and the scared little girl Gia, who only  wanted to be loved.  <br />Even if you're one who would write off the  performance as showy after the first viewing (Gia's life had the  ingredients that made for great drama), for some reason, you do come back  again, and at that point, you're hooked.  That second time you watch  closely, and you see how Angelina turns Gia from someone who I felt  contributed to her own demise, to someone I was sympathetic towards after  the second viewing.  Angelina's performance has me admiring Gia for how she  lived life on her own terms and feeling heartbroken that it had to end so  soon.  Elizabeth Mitchell and Mercedes Ruehl are also very good, in strong  supporting roles, playing the two women in Gia's life that, in the end,  mattered most.  The scene that I found most powerful was when Mitchell's  character is trying to keep Gia from choosing  drugs over her.  It is at  that moment that she realizes she's got to get away because she can't stand  to see Gia destroy herself.  I also love the closing scene, where Gia  arises and walks on to eternity, her words serving as a punctuation to a  life lived on its own terms.  <br />It's Angelina's performance that is  amazing, and the power of that performance lingers for quite a while.  If  this film was theatrically released, there would have been no way she would  have lost the Oscar that year.  No performance by an actress has come close  since.
6303274234|2.0|There are only four girls on the whole video. The black jack dealer is  shown dealing cards then taking her clothes off. She deals cards slower  than she disrobes. Its not terrible but not too good either. Its only 40  minutes long &amp; should be under ten dollars
B000002UBU|5.0|I wore out my original LP or American Pie. I foud the cassette version in a discount bin (shame shame American public) but it was heavily edited. I  most of Don's later LP's,all of which were good to excellent. He did great  blugrass and other folk melodies on &quot;Playin' Favorities&quot;. Time to  buy the CD.
B00004TL21|5.0|Beautiful album. This is the first Deftones album I ever bought and it is  a truly moving experiance.  All songs are awesome though I would've  appreciated a little more lenth. Digital Bath is a powerful song, Teenager  is sparse and underplayed, yet works. Passenger is a compelling ride to  &quot;the edge.&quot; Knife Prty Makes me want to have one of my own, if I  knew what one was. Pink Maggot goes just slow enough to fill you with  anticipation with the ego boosting &quot;Back in school we are the leaders  of it all.&quot; Buy it now. You won't be sorry.
0345410025|4.0|This book has all the memory techniques that are typically taught in  memory courses and other memory books. Even if they are sometimes  introduced by other names, all of the techniques are variants and  combinations of word-substitution (mostly used for foreign words, but also  people's names and words that can't easily be pictured), link, peg, loci  (sometimes called Roman Room technique) and phonetic (letter for number  substitution) systems. The book is mostly re-hashed information that has  been presented earlier (even by Lorayne himself), but the writing style  makes it a book worth keeping.<br />The real strength of this book over others  of its kind is the dialog between Lucas and Lorayne. They are fun to read  and almost never get boring. There are anecdotes to at the beginning of  most chapters and spread throughout the book.<br />Personally, I found Kenneth  Higbee's &quot;Your Memory&quot; a better book, it's more complete a  reference and gives much more of the why of memory rather than just the how  of remembering. Depending on your needs, you might like this book more,  it's got more examples on how to use the systems it introduces and is much  lighter and a little less dry, although Higbee's book is very  readable.<br />As with every other memory book, the techniques take time to  learn and take considerable effort, but work very well. For a book on  memory techniques, this book doesn't dissapoint.
0800128052|5.0|Rudy signifies more than someone's fight to play football at a prestigious  university.  It signifies the struggle the Rudy faced, including the  razzing from his brothers, losing his girl to his own brother, and the  wonderful guidance we all need at one point of our life.  Charles Dutton  was perfectly cast as the former Notre Dame player, who can't not stick  around.  Rudy is not the best movie I have ever seen, but when it's on, I  watch it over and over again.  Just hearing the ancient fight song during  the morning practice session makes me want to get down in my stance, and  plow into someone.  A great motivational tool, for high school kids, who  understand the importance of hard work, and dedication.  BRAVO!!
B00003CWTH|4.0|There's not many words that would perfectly describe a film like  &quot;Magnolia&quot;. Only simply because it is one of those rare and  complicated films that fuses so many emotions and stories that you're left  wondering--just what happened? What was this movie about? It was a  masterful, intricately webbed film about love, hate, failure, death, life,  and our own journeys to truth and self-fullfilment. if anything, Magnolia  is a hallmark for the Generation X'ers in a clutter of a crumbling American  culture and a foresight for the Y generation for the mess they will have to  clean up. This film slowly grows into its own darkness and beauty. It's not  for those in need of happy endings and easy understandings. It's for those  of us who rather think ad wander about our own endings and understandings.
630512762X|5.0|I have to say: This is one of the best action films that I have ever seen  in my entire life! It is also one of the most original films in it's genre.  John Travolta's performace is great, and so is Nicholas Cage's. John Woo's  direction was excellent, and he should definitly make more action films! I  thoroughly enjoyed this one!
B00000FBRE|5.0|This cd is amazing.  It shows that not every punk song has to sound the  same.  I think that lagwagons first few albums weren't too original but  they have finally found a sound that is all their own.  Mayeb a hint of  EMO???!?!?! <br />whatever it is this disc is a must have for any music lover.
0590447254|5.0|This book is fantastic and my son loves the wonderful sound of the words when I'm reading him this book.  A friend gave me her old copy and I've  just fallen in love. I'm going to buy this book for my friend; she's going  to love it I'm sure of it!   Deborah and Steve we another wonderful book  soon.
B000001G6W|4.0|I have heard six recordings of the Ninth symphony, and two of Karajan's  three (or four?) BPO recordings. Since most readers of this review will  want to compare it with the obvious choice - the Karajan Gold edition -  I'll do that comparison here.<br />1. The typical &quot;smoothed&quot;,  &quot;rushed&quot;, &quot;get done with it&quot; tempo typical of Karajan  in the later years is missing here. If you are used to that, get the Gold  edition.<br />2. The element of thunder that occurs so often in the Gold  edition is missing here too. For example, in the third statement of the  first theme in the first movement, the utter and furious thunder - smooth  and polished at the same time- that is there in the Gold recording, is  simply missing here.<br />3. In favour of this recording it may be said that  the notes are clearer, individual instruments stand out more.<br />4. The  boisterous joy with which the chorus breaks out into &quot;Freude, schner  ...&quot; in the Gold recording, is simply missing in this recording! The  chorus in general seems muted.<br />5. The balance is curious: some of you may  like it. The chorus in the finale appears heavily on the right, and the  orchestra on the left.<br />All in all, this seems to me a less thorough and  experienced Karajan, a less energized chorus, but all with a greater  attention to detail precisely because of the relative lack of smoothness -  which some of you may like.<br />One more thing: the Gold version is DDD, and  this one is ADD - some of you may like the relative &quot;analog&quot;  nature of this sound.
B00000K2SE|5.0|I believe i figured out whysome people like this movie, and some people  don't. I have it on DVD, and watch it often. I find that most of the people  that don't like the movie can't comprehend the true plot of the movie. They  aren't able to accept that, or simply don't understand that, something else  could be behind the scenes and in control of our lives. If you don't like  the movie, and think you understand it, don't adventure to the deep end of  the pool while swimming.
0671034065|5.0|This book was so good that I read it in one sitting!  I've read most of  Linda Howard's books.  I skipped the last hardcover because the reviews  were so bad.  However, Ms. Howard redeems quite nicely with this book.  The  character development was good, the interaction wonderful.
B00003CWOL|3.0|I heard the NPR interview Terry Gross did with the director before seeing the movie, so it was sort of interesting to get his slant on things before  actually seeing the film, given all the controversy it stirred up.<br />Smith  made of point of saying he wasn't out to bash Catholicism in any way, being  a very religious person himself. He just thought this was a funny script  and wanted to make the movie.<br />I've seen the movie now and whether you're  Catholic or not, or very religious or not, this is obviously a spoof and  not meant to be taken seriously.<br />Although you won't get a lot of belly  laughs out of it, it is funny in a darkly satirical and absurd sort of way.  Matt Damon and Ben Alfeck play off of each other well and make a good team  here. Jay and Silent Bob are also very funny and almost steal the show.  Silent Bob has only one line--at the very end of the movie, when you're not  expecting it.<br />A lot of the movie is dialogue, or at least monologue, as  Matt Damon rants on about several convoluted theological issues. I'm not  sure if these are legit or not, but they are pretty entertaining by  themselves. They're reminiscent of such absurd-sounding questions as the  one about how many angels could dance on the head of a pin.<br />This aspect  reminded me a little of the scene in &quot;In The Name of the Rose&quot;  with Sean Connery, where the assembled monks riot during a debate on this  very point. However, this was a much more serious movie and they probably  weren't trying to be funny.<br />Well, they are trying to be funny in this  movie and it works out pretty well. There were a few things I would have  changed, such as giving George Carlin a different part so he could make  better use of his own unique comedic gifts, but overall, Smith does a good  job of turning a funny concept into an entertaining film.
B00003CX6P|3.0|Many of the critics said that this movie was about a guy who wanted to stay in luxury and greed, so he became the talent who managed to get  through all the prosecution, invetigation and intrigues of his murder on  his wealthy &quot;friend&quot;.<br />However, the movie was more than that.  The main stream lies more on the obsession of Matt Damon for Jude Law - the  obsession for  homosexual itimacy with this guy who turned out to be his  prey. In fact the story would have ended very early if Jude Law accepted  Matt's offer of being together when they were on the boat ride. However,  things didn't happened like that for it was required to have Jude Law  killed to put up a show for Matt.<br />Frankly, the second half of the movie  was pretty slow and over architectualled. Matt's relation of his new  &quot;lover&quot; and Gwyneth Paltrow were not developed well because Matt  was not able to control the show with his talent. This doesn't mean that he  did not act good, but the story line had made him somewhat deificient from  his potential acting. Probably the strong stealing effect of Jude Law in  the first part of the movie had also made the one-man-show of Matt too  heavy for the audiences. Gwyneth Paltrow was a bit wasted in the movie for  she could have done more than that. Her acting potential was not fully  exploited. Jude Law's character somewhat had a glimpse of shadow from his  roles in Wilde and Gatacca. Nonetheless, he is shining in the movie and  made it interesting.<br />Overall speaking the moive is a bit over-webby but  still a good choice if you have a preference of Matt, Jude or Gwyneth.
0060254920|5.0|This book was my absolute favourite children's book growing up.  In fact my obsession was not lifted until I was in college.  And then what do you  know?  I have a child two years later.  Not only does this book teach  children about consequences, but also about patience and love.  And does it  ever play to their imaginations.  My own 10 month daughter is fascinated by  the drawings as she only mildly understands the drama of the story.  I  highly recommend this for all children.
B000007SIN|3.0|This DTS recording is a worthwhile purchase.  But it is definitely not  their best work.  2 or 3 good tracks and several other mediocre ones; (and  its a short album too!)  Some of the playing seems too restrained.  Specifically, the drums and percussion tend to be very uninspired.  (Its  clear who's the boss and who's the hired hand)<br />But the sound is  tremendously clear and crisp!  The 5 channel mix tends to put the horn  sections and backup vocals in the rear channels and the main instruments up  front.  nothing too radical, but it works fine fro this music.<br />Since  there aren't a lot of DTS albums yet, I'd say buy this one if you want to  hear how good DTS can sound.  I wish all music was available in this format
B00000J7S8|5.0|Man oh man. I was just an average fan of Jazz song, but not until I heard  Diana sang on TV. I was like, &quot;Who is this lady singing Frank's song  (I've got you under my skin)?&quot;. I got curious and I kept watching.  Well, I was literally hipnotized by the composition, piano playing, her  &quot;husky&quot; voice...As soon as it's done, I rushed into nearby music  store and bought this CD. Man oh man, did I really enjoy it. The way she  brought the songs is really amazing and seems really come from her heart. I  can't get enough of her, I bought another 3 albums of her. I feel lucky to  hear such voice. And I can't wait for my trip to her concert in NY this  coming September. Don't hesitate to buy her CD, it's weel worth the price.  You'll love it!
B00000K19E|4.0|What can be said for this film? Anything about its amazing action  sequences, its wonderful direction, its startling bullet-time shots, its  magnificent fighting scenes, anything would be too little, unless you've  seen this masterpiece. The Wachowski brothers have certainly done a  remarkable job here (and the DVD is not short on extras either!). But I  couldn't watch the whole movie more than, say, twice. I can watch the  fighting scenes as many times as I can take, but not the whole movie. Sure  the first or second (or even third) time you're eager to see it all, to  find out what's going on. That's why you want to hear every little word  spoken. But after that, the film bores you, and watching again any scene  but the fighting ones becomes impossible. That &quot;sssymetry&quot; that  characterizes the Matrix, is the reason I gave it 4 and not 5 stars.
0671034065|5.0|Mr. Perfect may not be the perfect book, but it comes close.  After being disappointed with John Medina's character in All The Queen's Men (after  falling hard for him in Kill And Tell), I wasn't too sure about this book.   But Detective Sam Donovan is definitely my idea of a yummy neighbor to  have, especially when you're being stalked because you and your friends  compiled a silly little list about the perfect man.<br />I loved the  interaction (verbal and sexual) between Sam and Jaine - they are one great  couple!  And you know you're reading a great book when you mourn a  character who's been murdered!  I loved Jaine's friends and her sister,  Shelly, is a hoot!  Even Corin, an incredibly creepy individual, generates  equal parts horror and sympathy. Bravo for a job well done!<br />Ms. Howard  has redeemed herself in my eyes and I hope this style of writing is a  trend.  Can't wait for the next book.  Also out this month is A Game Of  Chance and it's not too early to start begging for Margreta's story to be  told.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I love Sarah McLanchlan's voice.When I heard&quot;Angel&quot;I had to get this CD. They played &quot;Angel&quot; when John  Kennedy died last year on  one of the TV show's.Its the most beutifull song about death.There so many  hits off this album,&quot;Building a Mystery,Adia,Sweet surrender,&quot;  but my favorite is &quot;I will remember you.&quot; When you see Sarah  perform this number,she just shines.Of all the  new talented female singer,  songwriters,that we've been hearing on the radio, I think Sarah has the  brightest future.
0380018179|5.0|This is the first novel I had read in my life.  I was probably 13 or 14  years old..maybe even younger.  After I finished reading this massive book.   I turned around and read it again.  This book gave me my first taste of  what a pleasure it is to read.  Now as I am approaching my 35th birthday, I  can still feel that special something about this book.  The story is about  Megan from the time she was 4 until she was an older woman.  The joys and  sadness of her life growing up on a cattle ranch in Austrila.  Her  forbidden love of her priest and his forbidden love of her.  Her family of  brothers and strict mother and loving father.  Of her children that she  raised and what different turns her live took.  When the movie came out in  1983 I could hardly contain myself to watch it.  I was so excited to see my  favorite story coming to life.  Boy was I disappointed.  The book was just  too good and the tv could not compete.  Read this story you will not be  disappointed
B000001FKY|5.0|My first Def Leppard album was &quot;Pyromania.&quot;I loved  &quot;Photograph,&quot;and couldn't believe the range of Joe Elliott's  voice,but &quot;Hysteria&quot; really blew me away.The record will remain  the bands Masterpiece.&quot;Armageddon it,&quot; and Pour some Sugar on  me,&quot; are my favorite's.There sound is so different from all the other  bands out there.Even with the amputation of Rick Allen's arm,the bands  better than ever.When Def Leppard had a VH1 storytellers special this past  year,I was really amazed.There wonderfull people,and when Joe huged Rick,it  was beutifull.Joe Elliott explained about putting ballads on there CD's.  You have to if you want to sale your records.Radio staions usually play  ballads before the harder stuff.&quot;Hysteria&quot; is one of my favorite  all time records.I would give this album 10 stars if I could.
B00000JGHM|5.0|In Heat, which stars Al Pacino, Robert De Niro and Val Kilmer,cops and crooks start from the same place, and satisfy the same impulses through separate, opposing means. Both are drawn to the ``heat'' of violent conflict, both enjoy making the other guy into a patsy, and both are failures at integrating relationships and family with their addiction to danger.<br /> Set in contemporary Los Angeles, ``Heat'' stars De Niro as Neil McCauley, a brilliant, cold- as-ice career criminal who masterminds the robbery of an armored van containing $1.6 billion in bearer bonds. Pacino is Vincent Hanna, a homicide/ robbery detective with the LAPD who recognizes the work of a professional and spends the film's three-hour duration on De Niro's trail. Writer-director Michael Mann, the creator of &quot;Miami Vice&quot; and director of &quot;Manhunter&quot; and &quot;The Last of the Mohicans,&quot; is a masterly image-maker. Mann binds sound, music and pictures into one hypnotic triaxial cable and plugs it right into your brain. He makes this almost-three-hour experience practically glide by.<br />Along with the greatest cops and robbers shoot-out scene ever filmed, Heat is a masterpiece of cinema and one of the best crime drama's of all time. By all means, buy this DVD END
B0000025F7|5.0|It's unbelievable,but before &quot;Off The Wall,&quot; Donny Osmond was a  bigger star than Michael.That all change in the late 70's,when one of the  greatest  pop albums came out. Everyone was shocked.This was the first time  4 songs made the top 10.Michael broke his own record with  &quot;Thriller&quot; a couple years later.&quot;Don't Stop 'Til you get  enough&quot; is one of my favorites,along with &quot;Off the Wall.&quot;  Michael did most of the background singing himself,and wrote alot of the  singles released.Everyone thought this would be the album Jackson would be  remembered for the rest of his life.
B000004286|5.0|This is a creation. I admire this music so much , that I have been  listening for it, on a weekly basis, for years. The reason I like  soundtracks is the reminder they deliver straight from the movie ,bringing  me back to it's atmosphere , characters ,sights ,emotions felt , et cetera.  I measure a soundtrack according to these elements ,the more I detect and  feel them while listening the better the soundtrack.  This one has it  all. There were times when I'd actually felt like seeing the movie all over  again, feeling all the same emotions I felt in the theatre. It's  understandable that I like this film a lot. To me it's music is one of the  perfect matches ever composed for a movie. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B000006OS2|1.0|First thing I need to say is that this rating is NOT based on the film  itself. This is a wonderul, charming funny movie. However, the quality of  this dvd is very poor. There are lines that move through the picture  occasionally, there are bits of lint and dirt (like in a movie theatre),the  sound is not always crisp, the film quality itself is sometimes fuzzy and  unclear. I would highly recomend taping the remastered version off of TNT  when it comes on, or buying the vhs version ( I believe it's better, but  not having purchased it myself I would be careful before I buy). I do hope  that they will re-release this movie onto dvd in its remastered format. If  they do, it's worth the wait, pass on this one.
6304708521|5.0|Truely Oscar winning performance by John,Paul,Ringo, and George! If you  must have a plot with every movie then this isn't your cup of tea but if  you're into zanny, mad-cap, &quot;where the heck did that come from?&quot;  humor then this is the movie for you! Paul is absolutely gorgeous on  &quot;Fool On The Hill&quot; and George is hilarious in &quot;Blue Jay  Way&quot;! This was my first Beatle movie to see and I fell over laughing  many times! I still find something new to laugh at everytime I see it. A  must for all Beatle lovers and anyone looking for an off the wall kinda  film.<br />P.S.- You must watch Paul's face at the end of the song &quot;Your  Mother Should Know&quot;..sober? I think not..*wink* *wink*
014028009X|5.0|This is a great book!!!  VERY easy to read and EXTREMELY easy to identify  with the main character - almost too close for comfort.
B000009QPE|5.0|First of all, let me get something out of the way - &quot;Reign in  Blood&quot; is the best thrash metal album ever recorded, and it is truly  godly. Metal fans already have it, so if you are reading this review, you  probably have never heard it.<br />Thrash music is aggressive, heavy, and most  of all it's FAST. Slayer's guitarists Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman deliver  a phenomenal performance throughout this short but priceless album. Fast  picking and amazing solos delivered by the two guitarists are Slayer's  trademark, and this is the peak of their song writing, where they combine  good song writing with aggressive, and almost sadistic guitar riffs. Tom  Araya's vocals make this record very intense, as he spits out lyrics at  unbelievably high speeds at some points (Necrophobic). Speaking of the  lyrics, they make this album 100% aggressive. This album's lyrics and songs  weren't written for the weak.<br />Slayer are one of the most recognized bands  in the metal world. &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; is the album that catapulted  them into stardom, and when hearing this album most people will understand  why. If you are looking for an introduction to thrash metal, you must get  this CD to hear one of (if not) the best thrash album ever compiled.
B000000H4A|4.0|I have been a fan of the King for some time, and have always loved this  album, even though King himself thought it was an &quot;incomplete&quot;  album. By the way, I am a chronic migraine sufferer, and I love King's  voice!
B00003CWTI|4.0|I suppose this is the kind of movie one either completely loves, or wholeheartedly loathes. I saw it in the theater, and I came out  unimpressed. Actually, that's too mild a description; I came out angry.  Why? I went into this movie expecting briliance. I just wasn't  well-prepared for what I was about to see. It took multiple viewings for me  to appreciate the little things that this film does, such as the  situational irony that's widespread througout the screenplay.<br />This movie  was good in parts, excellent in others. The only hesitation in my giving  this movie a 5 star rating is the ending. It seems to me that PT blew a  perfectly good opportunity to tie all of the stories together (although I  did like the &quot;rain&quot; bit).<br />See this movie, if for no other  reason than to say that you saw it and either loved it or hated it.  Regardless of what you think about the actual story, the acting is superb;  I've since watched the movie 3 more times, and I've gained a much greater  appreciation for the characters. Oh yeah, word around the grapevine is that  Tom Cruise was pretty good in it too...
B000003FD9|5.0|A fitting backdrop for any epiphany...
0761119752|5.0|My parents brought this book for our 2-year old with them on a recent visit.  She LOVES it - she had us reading it over and over again.  My folks  were here for 3 days and by the end of that time, my daughter had this book  memorized and was &quot;reading&quot; it by herself.  She has loads of fun  saying &quot;jama - jama - jama - PJ!&quot;
B000001Y42|2.0|The main thing I have against this cd is the guitar and bass sounds like  it has a cold. I dont know how they have them tuned or what petals they use  but the sound is just plan annoying (especially on counterfeit) If you want  to hear real heavy metal try METALLICA, MEGADETH, OZZY, or IRON MAIDEN.
6300275213|5.0|This is the very first movie my wife and I saw together.  We were dating  in college and this was the perfect &quot;date&quot; movie.  We loved it  and eventually got married (all because of this movie?!).  To add to it...  our daughter, now 2-1/2, is named Madison after Daryl Hannah's character.   We're not big movie fans, but this one has a special place in our hearts.
B00003CWTI|5.0|P.T. Anderson has written and directed a film that you either love or hate.  Most people hate it simply because of the length! (Not a big deal.)  For those who love this film are true fans of great movie making.  It's  very obvious that P.T. is one of the best directors as well as writers out  there today and by making Magnolia he's on the top of my list.<br />Magnolia  is turely stunning. The whole film has sooo many things that are secretly  hidden but if you listen and watch closely you'll see what I'm taking  about.  Magnolia is about nine people in the San Frenardo Valley and how  their lives are woven together.  Belive me.  It's allot better then it  sounds. Overall, I just have to agree with Roger Ebert and say:  &quot;Magnolia is alive and free to surprise us.&quot;
6301871944|5.0|Fancy some Gremlin Stew?<br /><br />Three underrated sequels came out in 1990. Predator 2, RoboCop 2, and Gremlins 2. I remember waiting in the lobby of a cinema in Orlando, Florida before a screening of Back to the Future 3, looking at the cardboard standees for Gremlins 2 and RoboCop 2 side by side. My 9-year-old self was a HUGE fan of the first movies and staring at a standee taller than me, featuring wonderful artwork, for those sequels was big deal for me. I pity kids nowadays who don't have the attention span to soak up little moments like that.<br /><br />Dante takes everything that was great about Gremlins and cranks it all the way up to a zillion. The original movie was a dark xmas comedy horror with B-movie undertones. The sequel goes so over-the-top it launches itself into the stratosphere and doesn't come back down until the very, very end of the credits. It's just wall-to-wall mayhem with so many in-jokes it'll make your head explode. The movie even attempts to begin as a Looney Tunes cartoon.<br /><br />Gizmo, now back with Mr. Wing, escapes the curiosity shop after the old man dies and is found by a scientist working at Splice of Life, a laboratory located in the Clamp Premiere Regency Trade Centre and Retail Concourse (a big skyscraper in Manhattan). Working in the art department of that skyscraper is Billy Peltzer, hero of the first film. Billy eventually locates and rescues Gizmo, but he gets wet before Billy can take him home, spawning a new generation of cute, fluffy, malevolent Mogwai (Mohawk, Lenny, Edward G. Robinson-lookalike George, and the absolutely mad Daffy). They eat after midnight at a Yoghurt stand in the lobby. The following day the Clamp building, and all of the tenants (from the Archery Channel to the movie print itself, leading to an amusing cameo from Hulk Hogan) are besieged by a horde of gremlins intent on mass destruction and good times at any cost.<br /><br />One can accuse the film of having no story beyond giving the Gremlins a lively backdrop for their wild antics, but when you're having so much fun isn't that what matters most? Goldsmith's score (sadly underrepresented on the 22-year-old Varese Sarabande CD) has a lot more weight second time around, backed-up by a large orchestra and string-based action cues. You'll absolutely love it!<br /><br />Chris Columbus didn't return for this movie, leaving scripting duties to Charlie Haas. He uses the Gremlins and the location to skewer big city culture and satirize business tycoons. John Glover is brilliant as the easily excitable Daniel Clamp, a Donald Trump-like property magnate who has more money and power than he knows what do with.<br /><br />It's amazing that a third Gremlins movie was never made. Despite it now being 22 years since Gremlins 2 and 28 years since the first movie virtually every kid knows what the Gremlins are and are familiar with Gizmo (who may well be the cutest thing that ever existed). It's still a huge cash cow and a recognizable brand, and why Warner never greenlit Gremlins 3 is puzzling to say the absolute least.<br /><br />The Blu Ray presents the film in 1.78:1 1080p but it's not THAT great-looking. It's certainly a step-up from the DVD but the colors don't pop and shine as much as I'd like, and seem oddly muted on occasion. The DTS HD-MA sound fares a bit better. All of the extras from the 2002 DVD have been ported over. For a change, the extras are actually quite good.<br /><br />The Blu Ray looks and sounds great in 1.78:1 1080p with DTS HD-MA sound and a bunch of old extras ported over from the DVD.ns a lively backdrop for their wild antics, but when you're having so much fun isn't that what matters most? Goldsmith's score (sadly underrepresented on the 22-year-old Varese Sarabande CD) has a lot more weight second time around, backed-up by a large orchestra and string-based action cues. You'll absolutely love it!<br /><br />Chris Columbus didn't return for this movie, leaving scripting duties to Charlie Haas. He uses the Gremlins and the location to skewer big city culture and satirize business tycoons. John Glover is brilliant as the easily excitable Daniel Clamp, a Donald Trump-like property magnate who has more money and power than he knows what do with.<br /><br />It's amazing that a third Gremlins movie was never made. Despite it now being 22 years since Gremlins 2 and 28 years since the first movie virtually every kid knows what the Gremlins are and are familiar with Gizmo (who may well be the cutest thing that ever existed). It's still a huge cash cow and a recognizable brand, and why Warner never greenlit Gremlins 3 is puzzling to say the absolute least.<br /><br />The Blu Ray presents the film in 1.78:1 1080p but it's not THAT great-looking. It's certainly a step-up from the DVD but the colors don't pop and shine as much as I'd like, and seem oddly muted on occasion. The DTS HD-MA sound fares a bit better. All of the extras from the 2002 DVD have been ported over. For a change, the extras are actually quite good.<br /><br />The Blu Ray looks and sounds great in 1.78:1 1080p with DTS HD-MA sound and a bunch of old extras ported over from the DVD.
B000002J0B|5.0|This album is really good. It has a lighter, acoustic feel to it, and is very inviting, tempting the listener to really listen to the music. Some of the songs are ocmplex, though, and what starts out calm often ends up totally rocking you.  The album has a positive feel to it, and is very dancable in some places.<br />\\"The Song Remains the Same\\" is a wonderful introduction and sets the mood for a spirited album. \\"The Rain Song\\" is my favorite piece on here. It starts out slow, but really listen hard, it gets better and better. Very relaxing. Then \\"Over the Hills and Far Away\\" kicks in and brings the goove on.  \\"The Crunge\\" is a little out of place after \\"Hills\\" but I actually like this song. \\"Dancing Days\\" is an old-style LZ song and although it's repetitive, it has some cool guitar riffs and is a great grooving piece. \\"D'yer Ma'ker\\" is a little bit too much, for me anyway, I wonder if it's a joke. \\"No Quarter\\" is an even lower key \\"The Rain Song\\" with a morbid tone. This is a really good song. Turn it up to get the full effect. \\"The Ocean\\" is innocent enough at the start but has a very radical change kind of like in LZIV's \\"When the Levee Breaks.\\" This song is very uplifting.<br />In all, this album kicks .. and shows a continuation of the acoustic/folk sound of Zoso (LedZep IV) even as they transition to the grungier sounds of Physical Graffiti.
1558908382|4.0|Back when this film first came out back in 1997 I had to choose between  this and Event Horizon. I chose the latter. I think I made the wrong  choice. Grosse Pointe Blank had the perfect mix of violence and comedy.  Neither overwhelmed the other and John Cusack seemed to handle it well  too.<br />The thing I like best about this film is the photography. There are  some really cool shots that are not the norm for action or comedy movies. I  could have been a little longer. A long film does not always guarantee a  good film but this film was so good the running time just seemed to fly  by.<br />There should have been more of Jeremy Piven though. I like him and  his role in this movie was quite funny. But unfortunately he was just a  supporting player.<br />Rent this film whenever you feel on catch it on TV. I  really do think that you'll like it.<br />The DVD is in Dolby 5.0 and is  letterboxed at 1.82:1.
B000001BX0|5.0|Molotov is a mexican group that i discovered in Mexico with friends. I  bought it there, and now, i always heard it in Belgium. I tried to find the  letters of &quot;give me the power&quot; on internet to learn it but it's  difficult. If you have it, send me it : mikebuff_be@yahoo.fr.                                               thank you!!!                                mike.
0684872153|1.0|... I can handle one but not both.<br />I am afraid that this is one of very  few books that I stopped reading about a third of the way in. I'm now of an  age when I no longer feel that I am obliged to read a book just because it  has been venerated or is somehow defined as a landmark, though I admit that  I will persevere longer in those circumstances. But when I decide night  after night that I am not enjoying it in the least, and even that I am  finding it a chore to read then I am old enough and ugly enough to consign  it to the charity box.<br />I'm sorry, because I love Ireland, and Dublin in  particular ... my job takes me there several times a month and I am very  fond of the people. I really looked forward to a good read. This wasn't it.  Shame, really.
0800141385|5.0|Barbra and lots of babes? Could I be in heaven? I wish, but it's really  the next best thing: Funny Girl. Rich with social commentary, symbolism and  thought-provoking philosophies, this movie opened up my mind to the genius  of Barbra. All her movies are like Ingmar Bergman films, but more  meaningful and deep, if that's even possible. Through watching this  enchanted, gifted woman for the ages on film, I have come to understand the  world and myself much better. So what are you waiting for? Get a little  Barbra in your life! Your only regret will be that you didn't do it sooner.
0783216890|5.0|It's an incredibly successful movie that can take a true story, to which  we all already know the ending, and makes it edge-of-your-seat suspenseful.  Ron Howard does just that with APOLLO 13, which I have long felt is one of  the best movies out there. The entire cast is spot-on outstanding, from the  smallest roles to the big names. The special effects are woven absolutely  seamlessly into the flow of the story. And the musical score -- oh, the  musical score! Watch the infamous &quot;Houston we have a problem&quot;  scene to see how great acting, a great script, great special effects, great  sound editing, a great score and especially great direction made for this  great movie: Howard brings us on a upwardly-spiraling crescendo where the  music grows ever more dramatic, the beeping and buzzing alarms and warnings  of the spacecraft and mission control grow ever more worrisome, the  astronauts and technicians grow ever more concerned ... the tension mounts  and mounts, until Hanks/Lovell notices and reports the gassy stream of  oxygen venting into space -- at which point, everything and everyone goes  absolutely, completely silent. Nigh-on perfection.
B00000DHTF|4.0|I've been a fan of Bruce for too long to want to share with you. I must  say that his older stuff hasn't aged too well. But this CD set is so strong  starting on CD 3 and going on to CD4 that you NEED to get it. My machine  ate CD3, so what did I do?  I bought a second 4 CD set just to get the  third CD.  THAT's how good this CD is.  I haven't had a need to listen to  anything else for a while. Simple as that.  Get it.
6305922756|5.0|I got an advanced copy of this DVD and it rocks! <br /> **WARNING! &quot; Here are some spoilers for everyone out there:<br />The guys who play Spinal  Tap in the film do the commentary in full character making the film even  more enjoyable.<br />There are 4 music videos: 1. Gimmie Some Money  2. Listen  to the flower people 3. Hell Hole 4. Big Bottem<br />There are 3 &quot;Rock  and Roll&quot; commercials staring Tap. The famous Cheese Rolling footage,  five trailes/tv spots and a press conference from the &quot;Flower  People&quot; days (and more!).<br />What is missing on this DVD is the  original 20 minute version of the film that appears on the Criterion  Collection (which is out of print).
B000005J56|2.0|Sorry, but based on all the reviews I was expecting some fantastic cuban flavoured salsa. Instead this sounds like some pathetic combination of bad  lounge Hawaiian and b class Mexican influenced band.  If this is the best  of Cuba, then maybe the US trade embargo was a good thing after all.
B000002C25|5.0|Even after reading about how terrible this album was, I just had to buy it and judge for myself.<br />I personally liked the &quot;over-production&quot;.   I also didn't think that the songs were too long, but you have too judge  for yourself.  I think that much is a matter of personal preference.  This  album undeniably has an Oasis sound to it, though.<br />&quot;(What's the  Story) Morning Glory?&quot; is definitely a better album.  There are some  great songs on this album, but the rest are forgettable and  boring.<br />&quot;D'You Know What I Mean&quot; is a really, REALLY cool song,  one of the best on the album.  The album gets off to a strong start, but  it's only downhill from here.  It definitely doesn't go on too long.   &quot;My Big Mouth&quot; is a loud and boring song.  Worth it only for the  line &quot;Into my big mouth, you could fly a plane&quot;.<br />I am the only  human being on the planet who likes &quot;Magic Pie&quot;.  That's alright.   More for me!  Seriously, I've listened to this song over and over again,  trying to figure out what everyone's trying to say about this song, but it  always strikes me as a great song.  The songwriting could be a bit better,  but it's still the best song on the album.  It's got the strongest chorus  on the album.  It's just grand!<br />&quot;Stand By Me&quot; is another really  great song.  &quot;I Hope, I Think, I Know&quot; is the second shortest  track on the album, all the better.  The opening riff is stolen from  &quot;Underneath the Sky&quot;.  It is a nice song, but just doesn't grip  me.  &quot;The Girl in the Dirty Shirt&quot; reminds my of &quot;She's  Electric&quot;, but without the latter's charm.  The best line of  &quot;Fade In-Out&quot; is &quot;Today is just a daydream, tomorrow we'll  be cast away&quot;.  This song also is nice, but the songwriting could be  better.<br />&quot;Don't Go Away&quot; is simply beautiful.  Enough  said.<br />&quot;Be Here Now&quot; is a pretty good song.  The bestpart of  the song for me is the line &quot;Sing a song for me, one from Let It  Be&quot;.  (I also like the &quot;yeah yeah yeah&quot;'s at the  end.)<br />&quot;All Around the World&quot; is a good song, and doesn't seem  to long.  It's just a bit overkill, too much effort trying to make it an  epic.  If you try too hard to create something, it usually ends up  artificial.  Oasis fans love it, critics hate it.  Again, the best part for  me is the &quot;Na Na Na&quot; part.<br />&quot;It's Getting Better  (Man! )&quot; is, I think, highly underrated.  &quot;Maybe the songs that  we sing are wrong, maybe the dreams that we dream are gone...&quot;<br />Don't  be influenced by all the critics and so called &quot;fans&quot; who bomb  this album.  This is not the disaster they say it is, but songs like  &quot;My Big Mouth&quot; and &quot;The Girl in the DIrty Shirt&quot; make  it boring at times.  So don't be influenced by all the fans who say that  this is the greatest thing since toilet paper.  &quot;(What's the Story)  Morning Glory?&quot; is a better buy.  Why?  In one word, songwriting.  I'm  still gonna give it five stars, though.  Tracks 1, 3, and 8 get five stars  each, tracks 4, 10, and 11 get three stars each, 1 star for track 12, and  no stars for the rest.  NOT an Oasis essential.  To uneven, without any one  really great song like &quot;Live Forever&quot; or &quot;Wonderwall&quot;.
6305897786|5.0|Great film with a great, but damn ambiguous, story. That's how people like  me like it.  I watched the film five times and developed a number of  theories (which i tried to send to kittygirlme a few reviews down but the  email wouldnt get through) Anyway I've been mulling over this flick for a  week or so now and I'm still very pleased with every aspect. All the acting  is above reproach, mostly good special effects, same great polanski style.  Another huge contributer was production manager Dean Tavoularis (who we may  remember worked on the visually exquisite Apocolypse Now) whose warm  lighting and muted colors gave the film an immpressive visual flair. The  music was also brilliant, vibrant orchestral scores accompanied by korean  soprano Sumi Jo. Good stuff. I also loved the constant smoking and  drinking, film noir lives on. i love this movie.
6303168507|4.0|Steven Spielberg has gotten a pretty bad rap for directing movies which catered to the mass populace.  There's nothing wrong with that, especially  if you can make scads of cash (and I wouldn't mind having ten percent of  Spielberg's gross).  In recent years, Spielberg has started making more  serious films in an effort to show that he can be taken seriously, and he  has suceeded brilliantly.  Of course, his first effort was 'The Color  Purple', which earned the dubious distinction of winning the Best Picture  Oscar without winning Best Director.  Whether Spielberg's Oscar for  Schindler's List was an attempt by the Academy to make amends can be  debated, but the film itself has Spielberg's trademarks: an epic with  fabulous cinematography and a compelling musical score.  And the story is  is like a novel with its twists and turns and engrossing plot, only it's a  true story.<br />The story of Oskar Schindler is compelling: a Nazi  opportunist ingratiates himself into the hierarchy of German occupied  Poland and wins a contract to supply the German army with essential war  material.  Of course, Schindler's factory employs Jewish slave labor, but  that's besides the point for Schindler, as long as he makes a profit.   Schindler's turn from ardent Nazi to humanitarian who saves the lives of  his workers (those who are on his list of life) is the primary theme of the  story, but the outstanding acting performance is put in by Ralph Fiennes,  who portrays the sadistic Amon Goeth (and should have gotten an Oscar-he  steals the show from Liam Neeson in my opinion).  Historically, the real  Schindler acted probably out of less than honorable motives, perhaps acting  out of a sense of self-preservation and a feeling that some of the people  he saved could help him out in his later years, perpetuating an unfortunate  prejudice which still exists to some extent today.  The irony was that  Schindler died penniless and forgotten except by those people on the list  who owed their lives to him <br />One of the best scenes in the movie concerns  a train full of concentration camp inmates headed of to Auschwitz or any  one of the concentration camps.  Goeth and a group of officers are relaxing  on a hot summer day and the train is stopped at a siding.  The people in  the train are dying of thirst and heat prostration.  Schindler somehow  convinces some SS soldiers to spray the train with water hoses, giving the  people relief.  I forget the line, but Goeth remarks that Schindler is a  great sadist, for he has given people condemned to die a glimmer of hope.   A powerful scene and pure Spielberg.  <br />Some have criticized the movie for  being too long, but I think it flows pretty well and it is a delight to see  Amon Goeth get his just desserts, for despite the uniform, Goeth was no  soldier and represented no military tradition.  Of course the last couple  of scenes were a bit contrived, but all in all Spielberg does a good job  and this film may be more of a legacy than Jaws or ET.
0060977493|2.0|I have had mixed feelings about this one. In parts I wanted to lose  myself; at others I got exasperated. Better editing could have resulted in  a better and more fluent story. It is exotic in parts. U can feel a  different land and its strange people who are different from us westerners.  However like I said, this is definitely not among the best books I have  read but still above average.
0156421178|5.0|I was surprised when I heard about this title and couldn't find it at any  of my bookstores..I didn't find it until I went to Blackwell's( Book  heaven) in Oxford on a trip. Orwell is one of the great writers and  &quot;Homage To Catatonia&quot; needs to get more attention.<br />    The book  shows Orwell gong to Spain as a journalist but than being drawn into the  Republican fight against the fascists and joins the republican side. At the  time the warfare is light and Orwell almost describes fighting as a joke  but as time goes on the war goes to the streets and a regime of terror is  released.<br />    I won't go in big detail but the main reason this book  should be read is to show the not so glorious side of the republicans( the  anarchists and communists often fighted on their own side) and the faults  that led to Franco's winning. Last of all for Orwell's writing and to see  where he got his ideas which would lead him to his later masterpieces. I  will conclude this review by repeating what Timothy Garton Ash said  &quot;Anyone who wants to understand the twentieth century will still have  to read Orwell&quot;
B00003W8NM|5.0|Hands down Ed Norton is one of the most talented actors working today.  He brings a film to a new level with his superb acting, even if the film  itself may be lacking (i.e. Primal Fear, Rounders, and American History X).  In terms of supplements this DVD is the best on the market.  For a 2-disc  set the bar is set extremely high.  Fans of Fight Club and Supplement  freaks will love this DVD!
0375501851|1.0|I am an avid reader and seldom do something as blashemous as to throw a  book into the trash, but this is where this one has ended up. It's a sad  state of affairs when garbage like this gets rave reviews. Guess you can  accomplish anything with good press. How could anyone compare this author  to Dickens is beyond me. Save your money and avoid the waste of time and  money contained within the cover of this book.
0716703440|2.0|This book is not suitable from a pedagogical point of view.  Perhaps if  the subject matter is already mastered it may be replete with insights not  found elsewhere.  The approach is bouncy and too cavalier for such a  non-intuitive and difficult subject as general relativity.  The  mathematical approach advocated, although perhaps rich and deep, is not  presented clear and precise.  In addition, a consistent mathematical  approach was not maintained.  The lack of consistency (even within  &quot;track-1&quot;) was by design, I realize, yet it detracts from  increased understanding since the presentation is not smooth and fluid.  I  felt as though I obtained a rough flat object and then told to make sharp  incisive cuts.  I still am not sure why the expression &quot;bongs of  bell&quot; clarifies forms.  Moreover, I know that tensors are  &quot;machines&quot; so are a lot of other things which are not tensors.   These two examples are not a substantiative critique; they do however  indicate the tone.<br />Weinberg, on the other hand, is a master of precision  and clarity.  His book is simply the best &quot;advanced&quot; book that  I've come across.  Bergmann may be an antique but for a beginner it is  outstanding.  What more can be said of Landau&amp;Lifschitz?  Simply, top  notch.<br />The best part of MTW is the actual apparatus described, in some  detail, for tests of general relativity.  In this, MTW has done a  commendable job.
6304466498|5.0|From the moment this movie starts, you will be laughing.  Mel Brooks takes  the meaning of spoof to a genius level.  This movie makes fun of Star Wars,  Planet of the Apes, and many others.  Almost everything said is a joke to  laugh at.  You have to watch the movie several times if you want to catch  them all.  The first time you see Spaceballs, you will be laughing so hard  you will miss half of the jokes.  Anyone and everyone will think this movie  is entertaining.  From the young to the old, this is a great movie to have  in your collection.  So, buy it!
006016848X|5.0|This is one of the weird books that you can't go on reading without  nodding you head in agreement.  Sometimes it felt scary how perfectly it  described my feelings.  Although you might not relate to everything  presented in the book, I doubt that anybody will be able to skip through  the book without reading every page. <br />Reading this book was a delight and  I highly recommend it to any body who wants to extract more pleasure out of  a relationship.
158234082X|4.0|As a person who worked in the restaurant industry for about a dozen years  before making my escape, I can attest to the accuracy of Anthony Bourdain's  expose. If you are looking for a book that glorifies the exalted 3 star  restuarants of the world and the &quot;celebrity chefs&quot; that run them,  you would be wise to look elsewhere. If, however, you want a taste of what  it's really like behind the scenes at a fine dining establishment, look no  further. Mr. Bourdain's tales of making his way up the food chain to  Executive Chef status and the characters encountered along the way make for  an always entertaining read.
006016848X|5.0|This is one of the weird books that you can't go on reading without  nodding you head in agreement.  Sometimes it felt scary how perfectly it  described my feelings.  Although you might not relate to everything  presented in the book, I doubt that anybody will be able to skip through  the book without reading every page. <br />Reading this book was a delight and  I highly recommend it to any body who wants to extract more pleasure out of  a relationship.
0671034065|5.0|This is the best book by Ms. Howard in my humble opinion.  Before, I was  always enchanted mostly by her male characters because they were such dark  and dangerous guys, but this time, Ms. Howard livened things up with a very  interesting heroine.  Instead of the deeply emotional heroines of the past,  Ms. Howard gave us Jaine Bright, a feisty woman in her thirties with a  dirty mouth and a passion for fast cars.  How could I not like this  character when I discovered she drove a Dodge Viper?  My advice is to buy  this book because the sizzling between Jaine and Sam is true to Ms. Howards  previous style, but enhanced by Jaine's independent nature.  I couldn't put  it down and am already reading it a second time.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I saw the video \\"All The Small Things\\" last year on MTV's Total Request Live and saw the zillions of sources the video drew: Jennifer Lpez's \\"If  You Had My Love,\\" Ricky Martin's \\"Livin' La Vida Loca,\\" the Backstreet  Boys' \\"I Want It That Way,\\" etc. Personally, I don't think I'd be able to  handle this stuff, as I'm not so much a fan of alternative music as I am of  light pop, not to mention people like Phil Collins and Andrea Bocelli in  particular. No offense to the fans of these guys, either....I'm just  expressing my opinions.
B00003CX5P|3.0|A year ago, I could not wait to see Episode I.  I did not once think that it could blow me away as Episode IV did as a young child.  I was simply  excited to see the saga continue.  A year later, I must say that the movie  was lacking in several respects, but set up the next two Episodes  nicely.<br />The storyline was intriguing but dragged in spots.  I can think  of two characters that bogged it down.  The first is the insufferable space  minstrel, Jar Jar Binks.  I have no doubt that Lucas intended any  characters to be offensive, but he was, and he added nothing to the story.   The second &quot;character&quot; was, simply, CGI.  There were too many  special effects, and not only were those effects overwhelming at times, but  they also reduced some of the human element that made the 1st three so  effective.  That being said, Episode I added political intrigue to the  saga, with the duplicitous Palpatine pulling all of the strings.  I also  thought that the movie did a good job of fleshing out more of the Jedi  philosophy, and demonstrating the level of skill the Jedi had, which was  only alluded to in Episodes IV-VI.  <br />The cast, other than Binks, was  solid.  Liam Neeson is an ideal Jedi Master, and Ewan McGregor emulates  Guiness' Obi Wan Kenobi with youthful spirit.  Natalie Portman is stiff,  but has potential as Amidala/Padme.  I had hoped (even before Sixth Sense)  that Haley Joel Osment would land the role of young Anakin, and I regret  that he did not.  Jake Lloyd was earnest, but he was very stiff.  But the  most unforgettable character in this movie is the awesome Dark Lord of the  Sith, Darth Maul.  With only a few lines, and a show-stopping display of  physical dexterity and prowess, Ray Parks' Maul becomes one of the greatest  characters in the saga.  Samuel L. Jackson and Frank Oz's Yoda didn't have  enough to do.  <br />All in all, the climax is formulaic by Lucas standards  (space battle-ground battle-saber duel.  And at times, the Jedi Council  seemed like a recalcitrant City Council (it was as if they said &quot;oh,  Qui-Gon, that Sith thing, we'll form a commission to look into it, but just  handle it the best that you can.&quot;) But the Qui-Gon/Obi-Wan/Maul saber  duel is undeniably the best action sequence in recent memory (the classic  Matrix sequences included).  However, I think the cinematography could have  been much better for all of the lightsaber duels, as many of the closeups  were either too short in duration or cut off a lot of the action.<br />In sum,  Episode I provides a very good segue for the next two Episodes, and I  anticipate that both will be outstanding.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit are pointless clowns who even get caught up in the act of  winning a thousand reviews and an Enhanced CD. Not fair! And that damned  \\"Nookie\\" piece of s**t is pointless, too. Hell, the whole thing is crazy!  Their fans won't care.
B00004SZWB|5.0|While no one can deny the impact Stevie Wonder has had on the world of  music, many would argue that his work in the decade of the 1980's fell a  bit short.<br />&quot;Hotter than July&quot; is a bridge between 70's Stevie  cool to the &quot;I Just Called to Say I Love You&quot; days of the future.   However, &quot;Hotter than July&quot; is one of Stevie's strongest works  of all.  Still funky like the decade before, but more in tune with personal  emotions and experiences like, what else, but love.  The lyrics are solid,  and the music is on par with the rest of the work by the greatest  songwriter of all time.  Truly one of the best albums I have ever heard.   In the realm of Stevie, perhaps second only to &quot;Songs in the Key of  Life&quot;.
B000002B30|4.0|the music on this album is great but its just not worth your time.  All of  springsteen's albums are just better.  Buy born in the usa, born to run,  and darkness at the edge of town.  All three are individually better than  this cd, its just not worth your time.
B000002LEU|4.0|lots of complilation albums of joy division have been released once in a  while but i think it is the best of all. the arrangement of the tracks is  quite thoughful &amp; good.&quot;closer&quot; is  fine,but usually i prefer  listening to this one, here are my fav.tracks:  &quot;atmosphere&quot;,&quot;she's lost  control&quot;,&quot;transmission&quot; &amp; of course,&quot;love will tear  us apart&quot; b.t.w.i dun like New Order.
B00000255F|5.0|Bob Dylan and simon and garfunkel are my favorite artists, but honestly, Bruce springsteen is the best singer in the world at putting together  albums.  THis is probably the best of a whole collection of breathtakingly  perfect albums.  If you let the music control you in this album, it will  steal you from your reality into Bruce's world.  With huge hits like born  to run, and jungleland, the mysterious accross the river, and the  prefection and romance of thunderroad, this album is just perfect.  Through  his lyrics, his beautiful voice, his incredible use of piano, guitar, rock  organs, and of course the harmonica, Bruce will force you to forget  everything you are doing, learn every word to the album, and sing along  every time you hear the album.
B00004SYWZ|3.0|Nothing special this time - you got another sweet album from the nice  norwegian guys. That never means the cd is bad, you would find a bunch of  catchy tunes and samles of unforgettable vocals, but this is no  breakthrough, and hardly their best album ever. Just the same old aha, a  little updated, a little the same, still alive and ready to make happy the  die-hard fans.<br />As for the tracks, they can rather satisfy the needs of  different kinds of pop music lovers. Minor earth major sky will remind you  of the previous albums, though probably sounds a little freshier. Little  black heart is one of the best tracks on the cd, a nice ballad that makes  you appreciate for a numerous time the vocal abilities of Harket. Velvet is  not bad, but a little less catchier than the previous one. Summer moved on  - well, you must know this - a sweet sample of the european/australian pop,  a three-rythmed song that attracts your attention from the first listening.  The sun never shone that day is a faster tune (a rare case for the cd), and  sounds pretty good, and is easy to keep in mind altogether with its simple  lyrics. To let you win and The company man are rather fillers but may  become faves for those who listen to the cd too hard. Thought that it was  you is a kind of christmas song with an amazing melody and acceptable  lyrics. I wish i cared and Barely hanging on are the two more songs that  take a little longer for you to get used to them (but you'll manage that,  no doubt). You will never get over me is another brilliant tune of the cd,  one of the best surely. I won't forget her - is a chance to remember a  decade-younger aha with the rythms of that slightly remoted time. Mary  Ellen - don't say it's weird. One of the best closing tunes on the aha  albums. Besides listen to the lyrics, it is touching - have you ever felt  lonely? In short, go get the cd - if you want aha or another kind of pop  music, but never expect too much. Aha was a fashionable band years ago, but  the times have changed, they never are anymore.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The title just about says it all.  &quot;Blood Brother&quot; is awesome amongst the other 9 songs.  I just can't stop playing it.
0790749998|3.0|Don't get me wrong, this movie blows &quot;Black Mask&quot; out of the  universe, but it's still not what Jet's truly capable of putting out.  The  fight scenes are great (especially when he disarms a group of guys with  wire ties as he goes along), but the use of wires here and there make it  seem unrealistic.  Jet, you're an awesome fighter and don't need to use  wires, so lose them, ok??  Not as much flying around as in BM, but it's  still there.  Russell Wong makes an incredible villian, and his martial  arts work is fluid and graceful.  We definitely need to see him in  something else soon!  The plot is stretched reeeeeally thin, but it's still  good.  I'd suggest seeing it at least once, but I don't know that you'll go  for repeated viewings.  &quot;Fist of Legend&quot; is the best of the best  of his, so get to that one too.
B00000DLVA|5.0|For everyone who REALLY disliked this album it's probably because they're expecting something more like their previous albums.  &quot;Gran  Turismo&quot; journeys down the path of Trip Hop and damn did they tear up  that path or what?  This album seems to exhibit the maturity of the  Cardigans through their music career.  It's definitely a big leap above the  teeny bopper pop image they had before.  Granted I enjoyed the teeny  bopperness I find this album much better.  If you liked the Sneaker Pimps  you'll definitely like this.
0767903854|5.0|As an Australian citizen living in North America, it would almost be a crime for me not to review this book.  Bryson's book is guaranteed to be an  entertaining and thought-provoking read for readers with any remote  connection or interest in Australia.<br /><br />Bryson is a North American, and in  this book describes his visit down under.  Details of Australian history  and culture are presented in a most enjoyable way, and Bryson's own  anecdotes and experience make delightful reading.  What makes the book  especially enjoyable is that Bryson describes Australia as an outsider, and  has wonderful comments to make about everything that is distinctively  Australian.  The only negative about this book is that Bryson's humour  is occasionally off colour, although this is fortunately the exception  rather than the rule.<br /><br />Travel agents selling trips to Australia would  make a killing if they took a leaf out of Bryson's book, since readers of  this book are guaranteed not only to be entertained, but also to have a  growing appreciation for this unique country and continent.  I can also highly recommend another of  Bryson's books, \\"Notes from a Big Country\\", which makes similar  observations about American culture, and gives his  unique insight into life in North America.
B000002MJC|5.0|Great pieces of music and art are able to reach you deeply. Sometimes it  could even take time to discover something's beauty, but once you do, it  hits you. DM might not be everyone's taste, but here we are talking not  only about a specific musical style, but about a great and creative musical  achievement, that surely will be appreciated by any open minded musician!  This is simply music of highest quality and Martin Gore is a song writer to  treasure! Have this CD!
0440234743|5.0|When compared with  works of other contemporary fiction writers, Grisham's novels stand out as  cleaner, and more original.  His plots never fail to surprise and  entertain.  Though Grisham's books have all been bestsellers, &#34;The  Testament&#34; is one of his finest achievements.<br /><br />Grisham is supposedly a Christian but it is not noticeable  in most of his books.  &#34;The Testament&#34; is an exception in its  vivid depiction of a contented missionary in contrast with the emptiness of  North American materialism.  As such, this novel not only entertains, it  also brings a hard hitting thought-provoking message, that should cause us  all to examine ourselves, and ask ourselves whether the emptiness in the  lives of the characters in this book is manifest in our own life.  Conversely, if we seek peace and contentedness in our own life, it is found  in the same place where Grisham's missionary protagonist finds it - in  Jesus Christ and the God of the Bible.<br /><br />It is this theological message  underlying &#34;The Testament&#34; that distinguishes this novel from  most of Grisham's others.  Not only is this book an entertaining  page-turner, it also will leave you thinking about the purpose and meaning  of life.  Other Grisham favorites for me include &#34;The Client&#34;,  &#34;The Pelican Brief&#34;, and &#34;The Rainmaker&#34;.
0671034065|2.0|While this book is mildly entertaining, it lacks the warm sensuality of  Ms. Howard's earlier books. This is one that once read will not be  cherished and re-read as are many of her earlier  books. Ms Howard needs to  decide if she's going to concentrate on going mainstream or if she's going  to stay with romance. This book unfortunately, won't really fit either  category.<br />Janie Bright has a gutter mouth and a mind to go along with it.  I think Ms Howard is trying to interest those of generation x but she will  lose many of her baby boom readers, those who have been faithful readers of  hers. Janie is ready to hop into bed with Sam after seeing him naked  through his kitchen window. Too much time is spent on graphic descriptions  and too little on building the relationship between Janie and Sam. They  hate each other and almost instantly, they're very hot for each other.  Ms.  Howard provides little basis for this other than Sam's physical  attributes.<br />And &quot;the list&quot; takes up way too much of the book.  It gets so far out of hand to be unbelievable - and detracts from the  book.<br />I think Ms. Howard needs to go back and read some of her earlier  books to recapture the essence of what made her one of the best writers of  her genre. Too bad she's trying to leave it behind.
B0000032LS|5.0|Richard O'Brien wrote a rock n' roll masterpiece when he did this one.   The cast performs the music admirably, especially Tim Curry (I'm Just a  Sweet Transvestite from Transexual Transylvania).   Meatloaf rocks on  &quot;Hot Patootie&quot; and the whole cast does a great chorus line in  &quot;Rose Tint My Word&quot;/I'm Just a Wild and an Untamed Thing&quot;.   Best yet, this includes an extended remix of the Time Warp and a karaoke  version for Time Warp.  Any devotee of this, any veteran of hundreds of  midnight costumed extravaganzas would still love this.  Those jaded,  decadent Transylvanians can never get enough.  &quot;It's Just a Step to  the Right......&quot;
B000002H97|5.0|oh my god!!!! this cd is the very best ever. as soon as i heard this i  couldnt handle it ihad to be listening to it all the time. i couldn't get  away from it. any music fan should have this. no buts about it. go and get  it now. go. this cd made me speechless. it is their best by far. im telling  you to go out and get it right now or you'll be sorry. METALLICA RULES.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This is without a doubt one of Tim Burton's best work. I've always really  loved Tim Burton's work since he made his first short film  &quot;Vincent&quot;. I own all of Tim Burton's movies, which proves how  huge of a fan I am of his work. Now he does it again with &quot;Sleepy  Hollow&quot;.         &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is set in 1799. It is about  Constable Ichabod Crane (played brilliantly by Johnny Depp) who is sent  from New York to the town of Sleepy Hollow to investigate the murders  they've been having there. When he hears about the story about the legend  of The Headless Horseman, he doesn't believe the story. But when he gets  deep in the investigation, he finds out that the legend of The Headless  Horseman is real.          This is based on the story &quot;The Legend of  Sleepy Hollow&quot; By Washington Irving. The screenwriters did some  updates on the classic horror tale by Kevin Yagher and Andrew Kevin Walker.  Walker wrote the screenplay. I grew up reading and  listening to the story,  and I grew up watching the Disney cartoon, and I think the screenwriters  did an excellant job updating it.         Christina Ricci as Katrina Van  Tassel is great in it, and she has never looked so beautiful. And the  entire cast of the movie also did a fine job. And the musical score by  Danny Elfman is really great to listen to. And the art direction won a well  deserved Oscar.         The most visually striking horror movie ever made.  I have the DVD, and I'll tell you, I love it. It has a behind the scenes  look, interviews with the cast and crew, and audio commentary by director  Tim burton, which is interesting to listen to.                                                                        If you want to own a visually  striking horror movie, you'll want to get this one. I'am a fan of visually  striking movies, and I know what are visually striking and what aren't. Tim  Burton fans will really love this.         A masterpiece. Get the DVD.
B000002H33|5.0|if you are going to buy a metallica cd get this one. start out with older  metallica and then get the newer music. this cd is their third release the  last album with cliff burton on bass. r.i.p. cliff. tragic accident. but  anyways you must get this cd. james lyrics are awesome. kirks guitar is the  best. bass is really good. and of course lars is the god of drummers. this  is one of their best. this is a must have for any metal fan. go and get  this or you'll be sorry. METALLICA RULES. it has eight very good songs my  favorite is damage inc. or leper messiah or battery. this is a must have.
B00002Z88D|5.0|i'm a huge fan of metallicas. i have all their albums. this is by far one  of their best. after i bought this i went out and bought all of their other  cds. i rate this five stars and more. jame's voice is amazing. the symphony  is a great addition. i cant wait for their next release. this is a must  have if you have ever even heard of METALLICA. METALLICA IS THE BEST BAND  EVER.
6304779356|3.0|In a movie such as this, plot is almost an optional extra. More important  is slick production, editing which keeps the pace up, special effects,  humour and a closing scene in which the monsters are slain and the girl is  rescued with an appropriate mix of blood and visual jokes. We get all of  these here in a film which really knows what it is setting out to do.<br />For  what it's worth, the plot has two brothers moving into Santa Carla on the  California coast. They rapidly discover that the local biker gang are  vampires and they set out to destroy them. On the way, they encounter the  pretty girl and the freelance vampire slayers who are working undercover in  a comic shop. They suspect that their mother's new boyfriend is the chief  vampire but he seems impervious to garlic so what to try next?<br />The one  thing that seems to be odd about this film is that it was released with an  R certificate (it got a 15 in the UK) despite the fact that this cuts right  into the target audience.<br />If you liked this film and wonder what an adult  version would look like if scripted by Tarantino then check out &quot;From  Dust Till Dawn&quot; because that's exactly what it is.
B000002WUD|5.0|Long gone is the kid but a grown man dealing (some say not well) with the  issues in his life. The songs on this set run the gambit from self pity to  regert. This box set is a wonder. The 2 minutes of I shall be released are  a treasure. Polk Salad annie is straight from the south. His voice is full  and filled with emotion. Songs selection is strong thoughout.
B00004THAY|2.0|Most songs on this CD are rather good, especially those which are sung  solely by B.B. King. Real blues songs are songs where melancholy and the  struggle with life are eminent and B.B. King is one of the best performers  in the genre. Eric Clapton is a most exquisite guitarist, but I am sorry to  say it, he can't sing (at least not the blues). In the songs on which he  features next to B.B. King the magic of the blues is gone and annoyance and  anger take their place. The final track Come rain or come shine is a  pinnacle of musical poverty. <br />Moreover, the sound quality of this record  is rather poor. All instruments are taken on one line, there is hardly any  subtlety, there's no stage, the voices are explicitely coming from the  right or from the left, the songs where the voice of B.B. King is nicely  centered are rare.
0060196122|4.0|This is my first read of Coelho.  I had no expectations or pre-formed ideas of his methods.  I should have seen through the set-up which, I feel,  is the betrayal of a promise to his living father.  Don't get me wrong, I  think that the book is very good, I just feel the ending was sightly a let  down.  It wouldn't have been a let down had I not been fooled earlier.   Coelho should have left himself and his friend out of the story and he  should have waited to write it.  Though his appearance in the store is  minimal, it damages the value.<br />I wasn't reading this book to experience  &quot;help&quot; with understanding the value of life.  I read it thinking  I would be given a little credit for understanding the difficulties of  survival.  Yes, it is moving, especially if you want to witness the events  of life altering decisions made based on instinct and desires while in  conflict with parental pressures.  In conclusion, a good book with a couple  of flaws.  Like I said earlier, I should have see through the set-up.
B00000BKDW|5.0|Powerslave--The name itself should be compelling enough for just a quick look, but once you get past the initial gaze, be prepared to be blown away.   Powerslave is all about power in the songwriting, the guitar riffs, the  vocals, the percussion, everything.  Maiden's previous two albums, Number  of the Beast and Piece of Mind, were very strong as well and Powerslave  completes a trilogy of some very fine metal albums.<br />Though they are a  heavy metal outfit, don't think for a second that Iron Maiden can't be  intelligent songwriters.  And because they are British, they are naturally  indebted to their own culture and history as shown in their opening and  closing tracks, &quot;Aces High&quot; and &quot;Rime of the Ancient  Mariner&quot; repsectively.  &quot;Aces High&quot; recalls Britain's finest  hour in grandiose Maiden style metal and &quot;Rime of the Ancient  Mariner&quot; pays tribute to the great poem of the same name written by  Britain's own Samuel Taylor Coleridge which is 14 minutes long.<br />Their  other tracks, most notably &quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&quot; and the title  track &quot;Powerslave&quot;,  all demonstrate Maiden's erudite lyrical  qualities, catchy choruses, robust guitar solos, precision drumming and, of  course, Steve Harris' marathons on the bass.<br />Maiden doesn't receive the  credit it deserves especially for establishing precedents for the evolution  of speed metal, elaborate stage shows, and great quality live performances.   Listen to the album straight through (it's hard NOT to do this) and you  will see their influence on others at work. This album demonstrates that  Iron Maiden can clash fists with any of this so called &quot;new  metal&quot; led by lowly underachievers and unintelligent cronies like Limp  Bizkit or Korn.  And if anyone of these new metal bands believe that they  owe nothing to Maiden, then let them get their heads checked.  Because much  of what goes on today in the metal industry was either establishedor  polished, in full or in part, by Maiden.  This album shows Maiden in their  prime and how much they did contribute to the overall phenomenon.  Their  albums, especially this one, are staples for any metalhead. And, as said  before, this album encompasses itself around one element--power.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is a great cd!  While her voice isn't like Whitney or Mariah, she can sing, her voice is very sweet and soft.  A good departure from a screaming  little wanna-be we all know of.  I don't see why people say she can't sing,  she can, have you seen her sing on Star Search?  She actually sings better  than Christina when Christina was on star search..  This CD is the one to  get.. No doubt about that.
B00003CWOL|3.0|The long awaited Dogma - first promised on the end titles of Clerks - takes Silent Bob &amp; Jay to their next target. Having approached sex,  drugs, romance &amp; shopping (and achieved an incredibly gratifying  nothing) organised religion pops up next. With the entirity of existence  (begrudgingly) requiring their assitance the world is in trouble.<br />This  film came in for a lot of stick for its discussion of organised religion  and faith. Denounced as blasphemous by many it raises many common  criticisms of religion and Catholism - but does it do it well? Yes and No.  The script is at times excellent and usually good however there is  sometimes a feeling that Smith just doesnt quite know what he is doing or  saying with his direction and the set pieces seem to lack a spark that  would have made the film far more rounded. The performances from the cast  are good especially Lee who puts in a great turn as Azrial.<br />On the whole  - good but not great. Better off watching Chasing Amy or Clerks but if your  in the mood...
B00004TH83|1.0|When I first heard the single &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; I fell in love  with Lara.  Her voice is very powerful, as demostrated in this single, I  ranked her up there with Celine Dion.  <br />On the power of this one single I  bought the entire album, thinking it would be more of the same catchy pop  tune type songs. I was disappointed to find that the rest of the album was  filled with lack luster ballads.  In which Lara rarely if ever uses the  entire power of her voice.<br />While she undoubtedly has talent coming out  her ears, the record label should have picked a different single to  represent this album. &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; sticks out like a sore  thumb compared to the rest of the tracks on the CD.<br />If you think you may  like Lara, I encourage you to wait and see if you like the next  single.<br />Lara has talent but this album is a poor showing of it. Next CD I  hope they put some more up-beat songs, and give her some ballads that she  came put her heart into.
0767903854|5.0|Disappointed in the cynicism of &quot;The Lost Continent,&quot; I  approached reading &quot;In a Sunburned Country&quot; with less eagerness  than I had anticipated when I bought the book.  However, whereas the former  book was full of Bryson's boredom and disgust with much of the U.S., he  finds Australia a continually fascinating country and sparks my interest in  touring it someday soon.  Bryson sprinkles anecdotes about Australian  cultural and natural history liberally throughout his text, which enlivens  his present adventures and sets a valuable context for a vast country.   Personally, I love the historical insights and am pleased Bryson includes  them because so much of what he writes is not found in most history books.   The same goes for the natural history details.  Far too many tourists fail  to appreciate the significance of their natural surroundings, sounding  instead like the woman who, viewing the unbelievably ancient stromatolites,  could only remark, &quot;Are you telling me we just crossed a continent for  this?&quot;  She completely missed the awe which Bryson felt upon  reflecting on stromatolites' role in the development of life on earth!  Bryson's books are invariably informative, almost always funny, and  consistently insightful looks at the areas he visits. His under-the-surface  style of revealing the past and the present of Australia is most  appropriate and he has convinced me that I must put Australia on my  &quot;to-visit&quot; list!
0380713802|2.0|There is no doubt that Bill Bryson can make me laugh.  Out loud even!  Bryson's whimsical description of his stop and go tour through Europe  constantly entertains.  I learnt about Europe, the idiosyncrasies of its  places and people.<br />Probably one of the highlights was Bryson's  hilarious description of his desperation to reach the toilet of his hotel  room while his terribly overfull bladder is bursting.  Without giving my  belly a chance to recover from laughing, this account was immediately  followed by the equally hilarious description of Bryson's efforts to find  food in the hotel to satisfy the urgent needs of his terribly empty  stomach, an attempt which involved dead end fire-escapes, three drunken  Japanese men in blue business suits, a stubborn elevator that keeps  returning to the same floor, locked doors, and an over-zealous waiter who  takes away the very peanuts that our starved hero so desperately needed.<br />What I find most disappointing about this book, however, is that Bryson  frequently sees the need to resort to a brand of humor below the waist and  above the knees.  Such gutter humour, sexual jokes and innuendos are hardly  necessary given Bryson's incredible talent with words.  Although there are  chapters without this foul-mouthed and low-down humour, on the whole Bryson  has painted the whole book with this gutter-style brush of sexual humour.  In my view this negative cancels out all the positives of the book.  If it  wasn't for this, &quot;Neither Here Nor There&quot; would be a brilliant  book.  As it is, however, Bryson has successfully allowed his book to be  re-classified amongst a great deal of &quot;trash&quot; in the humour  section.  Too bad.<br />On the bright side, this book is one of Bryson's early  works, and he seems to have matured with age.  The weaknesses of this book  are much less evident in his most recent work, &quot;In a Sunburned  Country&quot;, which describes his trip to Australia.  If you are going to  buy only one Bill Bryson book, I would recommend purchasing this latter  title instead.ly one Bill Bryson book, I would recommend purchasing this latter  title instead.
B000002BSG|5.0|&quot;Travelling Without Moving,&quot; was the album that made Jamiroquai  a household name throughout the world. Although his two prior albums were  successes, &quot;Travelling Without Moving&quot; certified his status as  the undeniable king of modern funk and soul. While many would doubt that a  short &quot;white boy,&quot; could really get his groove on, they are sadly  mistaken.<br />Here is the band that brought the soul and funk the 1970's and  1980's were memorable for back, and totally changed the face of these  musical styles forever. Groups such as Cameo, Parliament, Kool &amp; the  Gang, and Earth Wind and Fire, were the godfathers of the past, but the  fact that lead singer Jay Kay is English and sounds a lot like a young  Stevie Wonder makes it much more appealing that funk &amp; soul have  crossed racial lines to become an appreciated form of international  music.<br />Tracks such as &quot;Cosmic Girl,&quot; and &quot;Alright&quot;  bring back the spirit of 1970's funk to a newer generation of music  listeners everywhere. &quot;Alright,&quot; which is my favorite track on  the album, is memorable due to Jay Kay's divine vocals and his band's  excellent orchestration of the music. &quot;Cosmic Girl,&quot; is a fun,  lively song that will make anyone who lived during the seventies feel that  they are reliving them again.<br />For all of you who need an all-instrumental  song that will blow your mind away, try &quot;Didjital Vibrations.&quot;  That song's use of Australian Aboriginal woodwinds and traditional  instruments, plus Jay Kay's humming will make you feel so relaxed, that it  almost seems that you are in some type of relaxation therapy that will  alleviate most of your stress and worries away.<br />&quot;Virtual  Insanity,&quot; and his incredible video already have become classics both  on radio and television. The beautiful song, &quot;Everyday,&quot; explores  Jamiroquai's ability to carry a love ballad similar in the same tradition  Marvin Gaye and Barry White became famous for. Finally, the album's title  track, &quot;Travelling Without Moving&quot; is an awesome-sounding track  that uses a small amount of lyrics, but plenty of groove (and also  &quot;horsepower&quot;) to keep one's attention alive.<br />&quot;Travelling  Without Moving&quot; is a must have album for anyone who adores funk, soul,  or disco. It is a landmark album in the 1990's music scene. No one should  pass this album by!
B00004U30D|4.0|This movie has stirred people up--'I love it!' or 'I hateit!'<br />That's not necessarily bad. It just means that the movie really proved to be thought-provoking and rough. Getting a strong reaction for a work of art, whether good or bad, generally means you're doing something new and meaningful--something hard to ignore.<br />This movie didn't make me want to molest teens, do drugs, or hate my parents; if you think that's what it's about you're obviously too cynical ...  to watch any movie. I left this movie, enlightened by the simple, beautiful idea that there is true beauty in the banal. <br />And that is something to be treasured. If you don't like this movie, don't ruin it for everyone else. Cuz &quot;everyone else&quot; has understood and taken a truly great message from this movie.
B000002BSG|5.0|&quot;Travelling Without Moving,&quot; was the album that made Jamiroquai  a household name throughout the world. Although his two prior albums were  successes, &quot;Travelling Without Moving&quot; certified his status as  the undeniable king of modern funk and soul. While many would doubt that a  short &quot;white boy,&quot; could really get his groove on, they are sadly  mistaken.<br />Here is the band that brought the soul and funk the 1970's and  1980's were memorable for back, and totally changed the face of these  musical styles forever. Groups such as Cameo, Parliament, Kool &amp; the  Gang, and Earth Wind and Fire, were the godfathers of the past, but the  fact that lead singer Jay Kay is English and sounds a lot like a young  Stevie Wonder makes it much more appealing that funk &amp; soul have  crossed racial lines to become an appreciated form of international  music.<br />Tracks such as &quot;Cosmic Girl,&quot; and &quot;Alright&quot;  bring back the spirit of 1970's funk to a newer generation of music  listeners everywhere. &quot;Alright,&quot; which is my favorite track on  the album, is memorable due to Jay Kay's divine vocals and his band's  excellent orchestration of the music. &quot;Cosmic Girl,&quot; is a fun,  lively song that will make anyone who lived during the seventies feel that  they are reliving them again.<br />For all of you who need an all-instrumental  song that will blow your mind away, try &quot;Didjital Vibrations.&quot;  That song's use of Australian Aboriginal woodwinds and traditional  instruments, plus Jay Kay's humming will make you feel so relaxed, that it  almost seems that you are in some type of relaxation therapy that will  alleviate most of your stress and worries away.<br />&quot;Virtual  Insanity,&quot; and his incredible video already have become classics both  on radio and television. The beautiful song, &quot;Everyday,&quot; explores  Jamiroquai's ability to carry a love ballad similar in the same tradition  Marvin Gaye and Barry White became famous for. Finally, the album's title  track, &quot;Travelling Without Moving&quot; is an awesome-sounding track  that uses a small amount of lyrics, but plenty of groove (and also  &quot;horsepower&quot;) to keep one's attention alive.<br />&quot;Travelling  Without Moving&quot; is a must have album for anyone who adores funk, soul,  or disco. It is a landmark album in the 1990's music scene. No one should  pass this album by!
B00004LN16|5.0|Great CD, AC/DC is a classic band.  This CD proves that they can stand the  test of time, go out and buy this CD it's hard to find good rock today.  As  for a specific juvenile who feels it's time for AC/DC to give it up-this  kid gives NOTHING a good review, check him out, I think the boy spends way  too much time on the net.  Regardless, it's a Great CD, take it from one of  those old people from the 80's, ignore the kid who needs attention...
079213690X|5.0|An unbelievable story about a man of bravery and courage. A very poetic and beautiful story that touches you in your heart, mind, and soul. It  truly inspires you in a mental, physical, and spiritual way, and the fact  that it is true story it is inspirational. This movie is one of the best  movies of all times.
B000002IWH|5.0|This CD is so cool.  I got it when it came out a long time ago and I still enjoy it.  My favorite songs on the CD are Pantera(The Badge), Nine Inch  Nails(Dead Souls), My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult(After The Flesh), and  Helmet(Milktoast).  The booklet isn't much, but has a big picture of Eric  as The Crow with the songs surrounding him.  Definately a good CD.
6305807086|5.0|I saw &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; about a month ago, and I still find  myself thinking what it would be like to literally get into someone else's  head (or if someone else got into my head!).  John Cusack and Camron Diaz  were great, in roles that I didn't recognize them in at first.  Though the  story had a sort of dark humor to it, I found it very entertaining and  thought-provoking.
B00001MXXG|4.0|What a great movie. This movie was great because I hate school and it was  great to have seen a movie about skipping school and giving the principle  hell. All time classic that i recomend to every one except teachers.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I found myself minimally entertained, though mostly annoyed while watching  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;.  Though the plot was provokative and  thought-stirring, the way each character seemed to speak in the same  repetitive manner got under my skin after the first 10 minutes.  For  example, someone would say, &quot;I think you life's in danger.&quot;  And  the other person would reply, &quot;You think my life's in danger?&quot;   This echoing went on in every dialogue exchange.  It was nice to see Tom  and Nicole together, but the roles didn't seem to bring out the best in  them.
0792846443|5.0|Kathy Bates carried this whole movie through.  It is not your best movie  as far as horrifying is concerned.  But the suspense is high!!!<br />Pros: 1.   Kathy Bates acting ability at it's best. 2.  Scenery of the movie. 3.  Plot  is excellent. 4.  The suspense.<br />Cons: 1.  None.
B00002NDNM|5.0|On a business trip to Sweden in October, 1999, I was totally jet lagged and surfing television to find some entertainment.  I saw the video  &quot;Burning Down the House&quot; and did a double-take.  Was that *Tom  Jones* singing the Talking Heads' song?<br />It was.  And Burning Down the  House never sounded so good.  Jones  interjects an almost over-the-top  energy that really gets you rocking to the music.  And the Cardigans don't  sound too bad, either.<br />Each song is a good on its own, but the entire CD  as a whole is an absolute joy.  Not only are the songs spun in a new way by  artists whom we may not have been familiar with... but it also has Tom  Jones.<br />The man who we all remember singing &quot;It's Not Unusual&quot;  and &quot;What's New Pussycat&quot; -- and trying to fly a twin in Mars  Attacks -- radiates enthusiasm for songs from the 70s and 80s.  There are a  lot of genres covered and each is impressively done.
B00003CWLF|5.0|This is a wonderful love story, no...a gorgeously photographed historical epic, no...a timeless tale of honor and bravery and the fight for freedom  amidst turmoil and social pressures.<br />I was drawn into the story slowly,  rooting for the spunky British widow as she faces new challenges, relating  to the king as he attempts to work change in an ancient culture.  Both, on  the surface, seem headed for disappointment--and, indeed, they do go  through their own crucibles of faith--but their inner resolve and growing  attraction to eachother spur them forward, spur them to eventual  realization of their dreams, in part.<br />Chow Yun-Fat blew me away with his  soft-handed portrayal of a king trying to make the turn into a new era.  He  continually struggles with his duties, his expectations, and his genuine  desire to bring peace and change.  He portrays the necessary strength of a  king while drawing us in with his heartwarming character.  A subtly superb  job of acting.<br />Jodie Foster, a favorite of mine from childhood, also  pulls off her role as British school marm and widow.  At times, I found  myself so aware of her intense acting ability that I was momentarily  reminded that this was all an act.  She's that good--and for that reason, I  felt she stylized a shade too much at points.  But what can I say?  She's  amazing.<br />The photography alone could make this film worth seeing, but it  beats with a human heart and it speaks of values and lessons that are as  timeless as...well, as ancient Siam. Without pulling punches, without  taming the tragedies, Tennant directs this movie straight at your heart and  mind.  And he connects.<br />This movie is worth every one of its 127 minutes.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is one of the best movies to come out in 1999, along with Dogma.  This movie is really thought provoking and makes you wonder if the  writer of the original novel lived through something like this because this  seems so lifelike.  It's very farfetched, but for some reason it's still  very believable.  The DVD is full of great extras and worth the extra cash.   Buy the DVD and you won't be dissapointed.
B00000DRA9|5.0|I love this soundtrack so much. I watched the film as a child and this  wonderful music relives it all for me. My favourite track is &quot;Ruined  Landscape&quot; - it just takes my breath away, and &quot;Theme of  Sadness&quot; makes me cry every time I hear it. This is music at its best.  One of the best soundtracks ever made.
0446604844|5.0|I found this book to be the finest suspense novel I've read in a long  time.  The plot twists were superb, and while the ending was a tad bit  disappointing, the book remained a fine page turner from beginning to  end.<br />Reviewing a book like this from a literary perspective is like  expecting Mission Impossible II to be Oscar material.  Did the author turn  a phrase in a way my soul found uplifting?  Like I cared.  Did I have fun  reading this book?  You betcha - it is a thrilling, satisfying ride.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee's, To Kill a Mockingbird, is a wonderful and touching book that offers a beautiful theme that you discover early on in the book. The book  is narrated by eight year old Scout and she tells of the adventures that  she faced while trying to figure the identity of Boo Radley. Her brother,  Jem, and her friend, Dill, join in on the fun. Scout's father, Atticus, is  a respected lawyer in the tiny town of Maycomb, Alabama. Atticus is working  on a case involving the rape of a young white woman. The defendant is a  black man. The two storylines tie together in the end and reveals the  universal theme of the entire book. Harper Lee does a meticulous job of  developing characters and plot. The book is so enthralling, I found myself  reading the whole book, cover to cover, in three hours! I recommended the  book to my family and friends and they all thoroughly enjoyed it. Overall,  the book takes readers to the roots of human behavior, and uncovers a  message that all should keep in mind. This book is certainly a literary  masterpiece and all should read it.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Upon the first release of the DVD, just having it is good enough for most people.  However, there is that tiny population, with me being one of them,  who have the luxury of owning a LaserDisc player.  People who do have the  money may have owned Terminator 2: Special Edition.  This edition is  definitely special.  Not only is this edition with the movie.  It is the  movie in its entirety.  It is the movie with various edited footage and  scenes that were not shown in the original movie release of T2.  I remember  watching this movie over at my uncle's house and seeing how it all fits so  nicely together.<br />The problem with the first release of the DVD is that I  was too spoiled.  Everyone who has seen the movie already knows what to  expect.  But for those like myself who has seen the added footage, it is  definitely not whole.<br />And now, August 29, 2000... the same date (month  and day wise) used in T2 that tells the tale of the destruction of humanity  and the war against the machine starting... we are now graced with the  ultimate form of T2, likewise the name of this release.  I fully recommend  this for any T2 fans.  I recommend this even to those who has not seen the  movie in its true entirety.  Not only will this release make much more  sense, it will bring some closure to the questions that often plague our  minds.<br />People who are seeing this movie for the first time, I cannot help  but recommend seeing the first and original Terminator.  I know the effects  and everything about it will look old and outdated to you who has seen  glimpse of this movie.  But it will make seeing T2 a lot more enjoyable  because you will have the background story to fill in.<br />And what is my  personal opinion about this?  Is it worth buying?  For 40 dollars retail,  that is a lot to ask for.  However, considering this to be the ultimate  edition, I say it's worth 40 dollars spent to receive a copy.  And if you  find any other places with a better price than the MSRP of 40, it is safe  to say that you got your money's worth.  Definitely both a collector's and  a viewer's item.RP of 40, it is safe  to say that you got your money's worth.  Definitely both a collector's and  a viewer's item.
0446310786|4.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is a touching and cute story. I thought that it was extremely unique that an eight year old narrates the story. The book gave a  wonderful and life altering message that truly touched my heart. It was a  beautiful and very well written book that should be in every high school  curriculum. I recommend this book to anyone!
B000001YOW|5.0|If you love it when bands bend over to appease the entertainment media and  fashion police; if you love alternative rock and the stuff that dominates  today's amoral musical culture; basically, if you love it when a band  panders to a majority to become more &quot;accessible&quot; -- you will  hate this album. <br />Lush instrumentals, ambient passages, boombastic bass  lines, and wet and weird keyboard-created quirks add majesty and mystery to  Steve Wilson's surreal and haunting vocals, and the final song,  &quot;Darkmatter,&quot; sums up Wilson's view on today's amoral media  culture. <br />Don't listen to the punks who want music to come in  easily-digestible tablets of &quot;accessible&quot; tripe. If you do listen  to them, you'd avoid purchasing this album, and be better off buying a  &quot;Limp Biscuit&quot; or &quot;Korn&quot; album, as those are two  examples of what fits the form of what today's entertainment and fashion  experts desire to force onto the culture.<br />Listen to me: if you're sick of  today's lack of musicianship, lack of virtuosity, and lack of message, look  no further; PT's &quot;Signify&quot; supplies lush and beautiful  soundscapes to move the human soul, accessibility be damned.<br />And you can  tell your mainstream entertainment culture &quot;critic&quot; or fashion  expert I said so.      :)
B000001ESP|5.0|There's a reason why the first half of this album gets played on classic  rock radio all the time; the songs are incredible.  Although, my personal  favorite cut is &quot;Vital Signs&quot;---I love the stereo separation at  the beginning of the tune.
B0000060NF|5.0|Alongside Curtis Mayfield's &quot;Superfly&quot;, and Stevie Wonder's  &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life&quot;, &quot;What's Going On&quot; is a  must-have for those seeking meaning in 70's jazz/funk/soul.  Although the  album consists of only 9 songs clocking in at 35 minutes, Gaye sadly  epitmozies the harsh realities of modern America. While the genesis of the  album was Gaye hearing about his brothers troubles stemming from fighting  in Vietnam, Gaye presents his case with such strength &amp; beauty it's  easy for ANYONE to communicate with Gaye and his harrowing description of  being a black man in America, as well as commenting on the  decline of  America in general (in a way, the album itself is a variation on Wonder's  &quot;Living For The City&quot; which itself wouldn't appear for another 2  years).  The pain &amp; anguish in his lyrics and his voice are never  compromised by the delivery of his gently wavering falsetto.<br />This, quite  easily, is &quot;The Floating Album&quot;.  As sad as it is, each track has  a dream-like quality of floating above clouds (hence track 3).  Each songs  floats from one to the other, each song floats within itself, and the album  itself, well... Gaye was also an artist who could abandon the traditional  verse-chorus-verse structure in favor of jazz-like arrangements to  accomodate his lyrical &amp; vocal preferences.  Listen to his wonderful  multi-tracked harmonies, gentle percussive beatings, jazzy bass lines,  rollicking piano, and let yourself be carried away.  Like his equally  gorgeous &quot;Here, My Dear&quot;, Gaye knows how to reel you in with  beautiful music in order to fill your ear with sad truths we need to hear  but don't want to.  The worse part of this album is; we may know of and  love his message, but we still haven't acted on it.  After nearly 30 years  of this album's presence, Marvin is still right: we've yet to get ourselves  together as a species.  A beautiful masterpiece, thank you Marvin.
B000002L99|5.0|To all the Roth supporters out there---get a life.  By the time  &quot;1984&quot; came out, Van Halen was dying.  Luckily, Sammy came along  and injected new life into the band.  &quot;Dreams&quot; is by far the best  tune VH has ever done.  It's too bad Sammy left; that thing with Gary  Cherone was a complete and utter disaster.
B00000JFV9|5.0|Considered as a counterpart to Marvin Gaye's &quot;What's Going On&quot; (released a year earlier), &quot;Superfly&quot; remains an ugly depiction  of the urban American ghetto funneled into a funk/soul musical masterpiece.   It was also the first time a musician made such a blatant social  commentary on the state of black America.  Filled with pimps, pushers,  illness, hookers, orphans, abuse, cops and drugs, Mayfield - free of a  poetic license - presented his lyrics plainly &amp; honestly.  Whether  taking on the role of a boasting drug dealer or lamenting dead junkies,  Mayfield covered all corners of street life (like Gaye's &quot;What's Going  On&quot;) in only 9 songs with an easy flow and assured musicianship.  It  remains unmatched in its honesty and performance by most artists of that  era (as it sparked a trend for musicians to be &quot;aware&quot; at that  time). <br />Musically speaking for an album of this sort, its denseness is  rivaled only by Stevie Wonder's &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life&quot;.   Moving between lively funk &amp; painful soul, Mayfield surrounded his  gravel-filled falsetto with punching horns, dramatic string arrangements, a  never-ending barrage of percussion (cowbells, chimes, congas) and layers of  burning guitar.  Mayfield set a high standard quite early in the 70's for  his colleagues to match, and the evidence in the works of Marvin Gaye,  Stevie Wonder, and Earth, Wind &amp; Fire is obviously apparent.  One of  the most honest social criticisms ever committed to vinyl has naturally  become an essential funk/soul record for the world.
B000002L7Y|5.0|Take On Me was the big hit and first single off this one, but while that is the card that sells this album to this day, listen to the rest of the  album if you want a real underrated gem.  This album is one of the last  major &quot;new wave&quot; records,and it is one to write home about.  The  Sun Always Shines On TV was a minor US hit (and tends to be forgotten  nowadays compared to Take On Me's success) and several other tracks were  big UK hits.  This album is a must-have, and is essentially A-Ha's Greatest  Hits in the US.
B000028U0Y|5.0|My father had always told me about hearing this album when it came out on  vinyl back in the late '60's. He was not a big Johnny Cash fan, but he  loved the album because of the music, the sounds of the prison captured on  tape, and the whole aura of the album (a concert at a hard-core prison!). I  am a huge Cash fan, and for several years I had waited to see if it would  ever come out on CD. Finally my wishes were granted, and in a far better  form - unedited, remastered, and with bonus tracks. <br />This concert tends  to get overlooked - and panned to a slight extent - when compared to it's  &quot;sister&quot; CD, &quot;At San Quentin&quot;, released the following  year. However, &quot;At Folsom Prison&quot; is just as good a CD. Johnny  Cash is in peak form here, singing some of his notable tracks - as well as  a few rarities that he seldom performed (including another Shel  Silvestein-penned tune, &quot;25 Minutes To Go&quot;, which wasn't as  well-known as the hit &quot;A Boy Named Sue&quot;). <br />What makes Johnny  Cash so great is in the way he can so easily &quot;connect&quot; with  people of all ages and backgrounds. Not too many performers in music  history have had his knack for being able to knock the socks off of  hippies, yuppies, country fans, rock fans, gospel fans, and felons. He  manages to do it with uncommon grace and class - with a slight touch of the  rebellious nature in all of us. This connection is so vibrantly felt when  you listen to this CD. He truly loves the prisoner crowd he's playing for,  and in turn, they love him for the music and for taking the time to  entertain them.<br />There is no favorite track I can identify on here. It's  makes for enjoyable listening. It's a wonderful assortment of his  rockabilly tunes mixed with ballads and a few gospel numbers. It is all  done so seamlessly that you understand how great Johnny Cash really is as  an entertainer and musician. <br />If you are a big Johnny Cash fan, this  should be a must in your collection - right alongside the &quot;At San  Quentin&quot; disc. For those new to Johnny Cash, I recommend this as a  good investment of time and entertainment.
B00000I952|5.0|Very few people expected this to be the final Abba album upon it's release  in December 1981.  Growing on the mature sophisticated new wavish style  from Super Trouper (their finest work), Abba moved on with another  masterpiece.   This album gave us some of Abba's most personal and haunting  imageries ever.  The girls were now singing songs about motherhood, such as  Slipping Through My Fingers, an ode to every mothers fear of sending their  kids off to school.   Like An Angel Passing Through My Room is a beautiful  lullaby which is haunting at the same time.  Two For The Price Of One is  lightweight but also serves up a dose of the classic 70's Abba.   When All  Is Said And Done is one of the best structured songs ever, I love the drum  machines that really boost the song.<br />I can go on and on, but IMO, this  album and Super Trouper are both depressing because they showed that Abba  could've gotten even bigger in the 80's.  Get it, it's beautiful.
B00004U2GH|5.0|Johnny Cash is unique as a performer in his abilities to touch so many people of all ages, backgrounds, and musical tastes. His music and  personality resonates in yuppies, felons, and everyone in between in a way  that very few performers have ever grasped - or hope to grasp. People were,  and are, electrified by the &quot;Man In Black&quot;, peak form or no. When  he is in peak form, though, there were precious few who were better.  Nowhere is this more evident than this landmark concert disc.<br />This disc,  like it's &quot;sister&quot; CD which preceded it (&quot;At Folsom  Prison&quot;), has finally been remastered and released in unedited form.  It was a long but ultimately satisfying wait. While &quot;At Folsom  Prison&quot; is outstanding in its own right, there was just that something  extra special with this &quot;At San Quentin&quot; concert that sets it  apart as one of the best of all-time.<br />Here we finally get all of Johnny  Cash's big hits, along with a few rarities, and some gorgeous gospel  numbers. Perhaps the most notable thing about this disc is that it was the  debut of &quot;A Boy Named Sue&quot;, the Shel Silverstein-penned song that  became a huge hit. In this unedited form, we finally get it unbleeped; this  is welcome not for finally revealing the word that was sung beneath that  bleep, but because the censor was such a distraction from the song's magic.  <br />Perhaps what makes this performance so special also is that it caught  Johnny Cash's regular touring show on tape, and they did not disappoint.  Backing Johnny throughout are his famous &quot;Tennesse Three&quot;  (Marshall Grant, Bob Wootten, and W.S. Hollins), as well as several musical  legends: June Carter Cash (his wife) and two of her sisters, Carl Perkins,  and the Statler Brothers. They all combine to provide that extra bit of  spark and electricity to the already outstanding concert. Nowhere is this  more evident in the dramatic gospel set near the end of the show and the  wonderful medley that closes the show and  highlights their talents.<br />Make  no mistake: not only is &quot;At San Quentin&quot; one of Johnny Cash's  best albums, it stands as one of the best albums of all-time in my opinion.  Fans of Johnny Cash will want this in their collection alongside &quot;At  Folsom Prison&quot;. For those semi-interested in or new to Johnny Cash,  this should be one of your first purchases. You will not be disappointed.
0671042858|4.0|OK. I admit it. When I read for work it's usually boring e-mails or some kind of memo or technical document, so I love the escapism of Stephen King.  Yet I think he's at his scariest when he writes about something that it's  easy to imagine could occur because it doesn't have a huge dose of the  supernatural or paranormal (Gerald's Game is an excellent example).  That's  why I liked this book.  Plus, I used to live in Maine and hike in New  Hampshire and his descriptions  unerringly recreate the atmosphere.  Add to  that having a kid the age of the protagonist in the book, and it seems  close to home.<br />The ending was a little predictable, but at least it gets  away from the trend in many books these days of the bad guy squashing the  good guy and walking away unscathed (try Hannibal).  King's best books are  ultimately about redemption more than retribution (try his alter ego  Bachman for that).<br />I also like Desperation and The Stand.
0060930187|5.0|Though what ultimately happens in this book is something that shouldn't be  taken lightly, Plath was able sprinkle amusing incidents throughout the  plot that make this book deserving of its &quot;classic&quot;  classification. As a young woman I can attest that situations in this book  are so honest that I could feel a strong connection to the main character.  Because I knew from other reviews that this was a book based on the  author's own depression, I anticipated it to be mostly serious, however I  was surprised that I ended up giggling through most of the book. I strongly  recommend this book for any young woman or aspiring poet.
6305358567|5.0|&quot;Elizabeth&quot; is a superb film filled with wonderful acting,  cinematography and directing.  Cate Blanchett easily deserved the Oscar way  over Gwyneth Paltrow's head. Cate portays the young Virgin Queen when she  is first crowned queen after the death of her sister, Queen Mary. She is  Protestant even though England was Catholic at the time. Fine performances  from Geoffrey Rush, Richard Attenborough and, yes, even Joseph Fiennes,  whom I'm not particularly fond of. The cinematography is gorgeous and the  directing by Shekar Kappur is superb. Running alongside big blockbusters is  hard but &quot;Elizabeth&quot; survived wonderfully and proved that it was  the better one.
B000002LQR|5.0|one of my favorite cd's ever.  when i first got it, i only listened to tracks 1,2,3,4,6,7,9,11, and 12 (actually that's a lot of songs).  but then  i listened to the whole thing straight through, and its the best thing  ever.  there's not a single bad song on the cd.  the bass parts are awesome  (speaking as a bassist).  definitely a great funky album that i would  recommend to anyone.
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 gets four stars out of four. Scream 3 is the best Scream of all  and has a edge of your seat conclusion. The film was well done, and well  made and completes the trilogy. But I herd that Miramax Films is planning  Scream 4-7! I wouldn't count on seeing those. Scream 3 Dvd features are  excellent for a film as new and like it's self the auiod and vedio is  superb! I recommend you buy it, and not rent it because no horror  collection is not complete unless they have this film.
B00003CXGG|5.0|This movie was much better than I expected.  I was expecting some totally  hip-hop musical with some fight scenes thrown in here and there.  Instead,  it keep me interested from the beginning to the end.  I think the movie was  very well cast and that everyone fit perfectly into their roles.  I have  also become a fan of Jet Li's.  All in all, it was a very good film.
6305546789|5.0|Halloween gets five stars out of five for a well done  masterpecie,  creativity, and horror. The film is well done and scary and proves to be  the best out of it's sequels. Halloween is better than I Know What You Did  Last Summer, Friday The 13th, and A Nightmare On Elm Street sereis. The  sequels were outstanding. Halloween is the best, followed by Halloween 6,  than Halloween H2o. Halloween is a true scare, the features are wonderful,  the aduio and vedio were superb and good, I recommend you rent it before  you buy it.
6304675348|4.0|Wes Craven's ``Scream'' violates one of the oldest rules in movie history:  It's about characters who go to the movies. They've even heard of movie  stars. They refer by name to Tom Cruise, Richard Gere, Jamie Lee Curtis.  They analyze motivations (``Did Norman Bates have a motive? Did Hannibal  Lecter have a reason for wanting to eat people?'') <br />True, they went to  the movies in ``The Last Picture Show,'' and the heroes of ``Clerks''  worked in a video store. Even Bonnie and Clyde went to the movies. But  those movies were about the *act* of going to the movies. ``Scream'' is  about *knowledge* of the movies: The characters in ``Scream'' are in a  horror film, and because they've seen so many horror films, they know what  to do, and what not to do. ``Don't say `I'll be right back,' '' one kid  advises a friend, ``because whenever anybody says that, he's *never* right  back.'' <br />In a way, this movie was inevitable. A lot of modern film  criticism involves ``deconstruction'' of movie plots. ``Deconstruction'' is  an academic word. It means saying what everybody knows about the movies in  words nobody can understand. ``Scream'' is self-deconstructing; it's like  one of those cans that heats its own soup. <br />Instead of leaving it to the  audience to anticipate the horror cliches, the characters talk about them  openly. ``Horror movies are always about some big-breasted blond who runs  upstairs so the slasher can corner her,'' says a character in ``Scream.''  ``I hate it when characters are that stupid.'' <br />The movie begins, of  course, with a young woman (Drew Barrymore) at home alone. She gets a  threatening phone call from an evil Jack Nicholson soundalike. She is  standing in front of patio doors with the dark night outside. She goes into  a kitchen where there are lots of big knives around. You know the drill.  <br />Later, we meet another young woman (Neve Campbell). Her father has left  for the weekend. Her mother was murdered . . . why, exactly ayear ago  tomorrow! Her boyfriend climbs in through the window. At high school,  rumors of cult killings circulate. The killer wears a spooky Halloween  costume named ``Father Death.'' There are more phone calls, more attacks.  The suspects include the boyfriend, the father, and a lot of other people.  A nice touch: The high school principle is The Fonz. <br />All of that is the  plot. ``Scream'' is not about the plot. It is about itself. In other words,  it is about characters who *know* they are in a plot. These characters read  Fangoria magazine. They even use movie-style dialogue: ``I was attacked and  nearly filleted last night.'' <br />The heroine has been rejecting her  boyfriend's advances, and just as well: As another character points out,  virgins are never victims in horror films. Only bad boys and girls get  slashed to pieces. Realizing they're in the midst of a slasher plot, the  characters talk about who could play them: ``I see myself as sort of a  young Meg Ryan. But with my luck, I'll get Tori Spelling.'' <br />The movie  itself, for all of its ironic in-jokes, also functions as a horror film--a  bloody and gruesome one, that uses as many cliches as it mocks. <br />One old  standby is the scene where someone unexpectedly enters the frame,  frightening the heroine, while a sinister musical chord pounds on the  soundtrack. I love these scenes, because (a) the chord carries a message of  danger, but (b) of course the unexpected new person is always a harmless  friend, and (c) although we can't see the newcomer because the framing is  so tight, in the real world the frightened person would of course be able  to see the newcomer all the time. <br />The movie is also knowledgeable about  the way TV reporters are portrayed in horror films. The reporter this time,  played by Courteney Cox of ``Friends,'' asks wonderful questions, such as  ``How does it feel to almost be the victim of a slasher?'' Savvy as she is,  she nevertheless suggests to a local deputy that they shouldn't drive to an  isolated rural setting when it's a nice night to walk down a deserted  country road in the dark while a slasher is loose. <br />What did I think  about this movie? As a film critic, I liked it. I liked the in-jokes and  the self-aware characters. At the same time, I was aware of the incredible  level of gore in this film. It is *really* violent. <br />Is the violence  defused by the ironic way the film uses it and comments on it? For me, it  was. For some viewers, it will not be, and they will be horrified. <br />Which  category do you fall in? Here's an easy test: When I mentioned Fangoria,  did you know what I was talking about?
B00003CWL6|2.0|Much more fascinating than this film is the public's reaction to it.  Unlimited praise and a Best Picture Oscar made it seem as if there was no  one who didn't love this movie.  Perhaps it was because of this hype that I  was left disappointed by American Beauty.  I tried to see the genius that  was described in rave reviews and by everyone who had seen it, but all I  saw was a long string of cliches in a film that was far too long itself.   American Beauty was hailed as showing the truly shocking side of American  suburbia.  But there was nothing true or shocking about the portrayal of  family life in the movie.  Every character is extremely cartoonish, and  it's difficult to care about any of them.  Though I was supposed find  Lester Burnam appealing for his frustrations with middle-age life, his  character was self-centered and very irritating.  Luckily he wasn't as  irritating as Annette Benning's character, whose shrill voice and  cartoonish personality made for a highly overrated performance.  It's  disappointing that an actress of such talent was given such a  one-dimensional role.  The film deals with issues that are old and  overused, and it says nothing original on these issues.  With this film,  there is one word that sums everything up: overrated!
0767811038|2.0|``Starship Troopers'' is the most violent kiddie movie evermade. I call it a kiddie movie not to be insulting, but to be accurate: Its action, characters and values are pitched at 11-year-old science-fiction fans. That makes it true to its source. It's based on a novel for juveniles by Robert A. Heinlein. I read it to the point of memorization when I was in grade school. I have improved since then, but the story has not. <br />The premise: Early in the next millennium, mankind is engaged in a war for survival with the Bugs, a vicious race of giant insects that colonize the galaxy by hurling their spores into space. If you seek their monument, do not look around you: Bugs have no buildings, no technology, no clothes, nothing but the ability to attack, fight, kill and propagate. They exist not as an alien civilization but as pop-up enemies in a space war. <br />Human society recruits starship troopers to fight the Bug. Their method is to machine-gun them to death. This does not work very well. Three or four troopers will fire thousands of rounds into a Bug, which like the Energizer Bunny just keeps on comin'. Grenades work better, but I guess the troopers haven't twigged to that. You'd think a human race capable of interstellar travel might have developed an effective insecticide, but no. <br />It doesn't really matter, since the Bugs aren't important except as props for the interminable action scenes, and as an enemy to justify the film's quasi-fascist militarism. Heinlein was of course a right-wing saberrattler, but a charming and intelligent one who wrote some of the best science fiction ever. ``Starship Troopers'' proposes a society in which citizenship is earned through military service, and values are learned on the battlefield. <br />Heinlein intended his story for young boys, but wrote it more or less seriously. The one redeeming merit for director Paul Verhoeven's film is that by remaining faithful to Heinlein's material and period, it adds an element of slysatire. This is like the squarest but most technically advanced sci-fi movie of the 1950s, a film in which the sets and costumes look like a cross between Buck Rogers and the Archie comic books, and the characters look like they stepped out of Pepsodent ads. <br />The film's narration is handled by a futuristic version of the TV news, crossed with the Web. After every breathless story, the cursor blinks while we're asked, ``Want to know more?'' Yes, I did. I was particularly intrigued by the way the Bugs had evolved organic launching pods that could spit their spores into space, and could also fire big globs of unidentified fiery matter at attacking space ships. Since they have no technology, these abilities must have evolved along Darwinian lines; to say they severely test the theory of evolution is putting it mildly. <br />On the human side, we follow the adventures of a group of high-school friends from Buenos Aires.  Johnny (Casper Van Dien) has a crush on Carmen (Denise Richards), but she likes the way Zander (Patrick Muldoon) looks in uniform. When she signs up to become a starship trooper, so does Johnny. They go through basic training led by an officer of the take-no-prisoners school (Michael Ironside) and then they're sent to fight the Bug. Until late in the movie, when things really get grim, Carmen wears a big wide bright smile in every single scene, as if posing for the cover of the novel. (Indeed, the whole look of the production design seems inspired by covers of the pulp space opera mags like Amazing Stories). <br />The action sequences are heavily laden with special effects, but curiously joyless. We get the idea right away: Bugs will jump up, troopers will fire countless rounds at them, the Bugs will impale troopers with their spiny giant legs, and finally dissolve in a spray of goo. Later there are refinements, like firebreathing beetles, flying insects, and giant Bugs that erupt from the earth. All very elaborate, but the Bugs are not interestingin the way, say, that the villains in the ``Alien'' pictures were. Even their planets are boring; Bugs live on ugly rock worlds with no other living species, raising the question of what they eat. <br />Discussing the science of ``Starship Troopers'' is beside the point. Paul Verhoeven is facing in the other direction. He wants to depict the world of the future as it might have been visualized in the mind of a kid reading Heinlein in 1956. He faithfully represents Heinlein's militarism, his Big Brother state, and a value system in which the highest good is to kill a friend before the Bugs can eat him.  The underlying ideas are the most interesting aspect of the film. <br />What's lacking is exhilaration and sheer entertainment. Unlike the ``Star Wars'' movies, which embraced a joyous vision and great comic invention, ``Starship Troopers'' doesn't resonate. It's one-dimensional. We smile at the satirical asides, but where's the warmth of human nature? The spark of genius or rebellion? If ``Star Wars'' is humanist, ``Starship Troopers'' is totalitarian. <br />Watching a film that largely consists of interchangeable characters firing machine guns at computer-generated Bugs, I was reminded of the experience of my friend McHugh. After obtaining his degree from Indiana University, he spent the summer in the employ of Acme Bug Control in Bloomington, Ind. One hot summer day, while he was spraying insecticide under a home, a trap door opened above his head, and a housewife offered him a glass of lemonade. He crawled up, filthy and sweaty, and as he drank the lemonade, the woman told her son, ``Now, Jimmy--you study your books, or you'll end up just like him!'' I wanted to tell the troopers the same thing.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Many of the other reviews on this page describe this album. So I'll just  say that in the three or four months since I purchased this CD, there have  been very few days when I haven't listened to it at least once. Definitely  ranks among my top 10 albums, if not top 5.
6304938276|3.0|Wes Craven's ``Scream'' (1996) was a revolutionary film, thefirst horror movie in which the characters had seen other horror movies, knew all the cliches, and tried not to make the obvious mistakes. Now comes ``Scream 2,'' in which the characters have seen a movie based on the first killings, and are trapped once again in a slasher nightmare. <br />Like all sequels, this one is a transparent attempt to cash in on the original--but, of course, it knows it is, and contains its own learned discussion of sequels.  The verdict is that only a few sequels have been as good as the originals; the characters especially like ``Aliens'' and ``The Godfather, Part II.'' As for ``Scream 2,'' it's ... well, it's about as good as the original.  <br />Both movies use a Boo Machine, a plot device for making the audience jump and scream and clutch each other's forearms. The scares this time come from a mad slasher in a curiously unsettling Halloween ghost mask, who stalks a bunch of college freshmen who survived the original slashings. The killer is also interested in such groupies as a TV newsman and a crippled former deputy sheriff. <br />I have witnessed a lot of slashers jump out of a lot of shadows. When Alan Arkin pounced on Audrey Hepburn in ``Wait Until Dark,'' that pretty much defined, for me, how scary such an event could be.  I was not frightened by the Boo Moments in ``Scream 2,'' and I found the violence kind of inappropriate; this movie is gorier than the original, and that distracts from the witty screenplay by Kevin Williamson. <br />His premise this time is that violence is quickly translated into marketable form by the media; since he is doing that very thing in ``Scream 2,'' there are ironies within ironies here. The movie is so articulate about what it's doing, indeed, that you can't criticize it on those grounds--it gets there first. <br />The film opens with a showing of ``Stab,'' a movie based on the killing in the first film, and at the screening two audience members (Jada Pinkett and Omar Epps) are ... well, see for yourself. Soon the slasher has moved to a nearby campus, where survivors including Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) are students, and the wounded Deputy Riley (David Arquette) has found a job as a security guard. Also hanging around is TV newswoman Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox), who covered the first murders and wrote a best-seller about them that became ``Stab'' and has now inspired the new murders. Also moping about is Cotton (Liev Schreiber), accused by Gale in the first film but found innocent, and now demanding a second helping of his 15 minutes of fame. <br />Who gets killed, and why, and how, I will not reveal ... Idea: In ``Scream 3,'' the man behind the mask is a movie critic, trying to discredit horror movies so he won't have to sit through the movie.  <br />The Williamson screenplay uses the horror platform as a launching pad for a lot of zingers; I'd like to see his work in a more mainstream film. When the TV newswoman is asked about her nude photos on the Internet, she replies, ``It was just my head. It was Jennifer Aniston's body.'' And a killer says he wants to be caught, because he's already mapped out his strategy: ``The movies made me do it,'' he'll argue, and he plans to have Bob Dole testify for the defense. (``I'll get Dershowitz! Cochran! The Christian Coalition will pay for my defense!'')  <br />Wes Craven was born to direct this material. One of the most successful of horror filmmakers, he made ``The Hills Have Eyes'' and the ``Nightmare on Elm Street'' movies, and was already headed in the same direction as the Williamson screenplay when he wrote and directed ``Wes Craven's New Nightmare'' in 1994. That was a movie (better than either ``Scream'' picture, I think) in which the cast and crew of a horror film found deadly parallels between the plot and their lives. <br />Do movies cause people to act violently? ``Scream 2'' seems to think so--or is that an ironic stance, to make the moviescarier? Will a movie like this, by educating its audience to the conventions and silly cliches of horror films, defuse the violence and make them less likely to be influenced?  Now there's an intriguing notion.
B00000DFKF|5.0|Man!   This CD just blew me away from the first second!  When I was told it was minimalist I was thinking this will be awful.  Good God was I  wrong!   What lacks in production is definately made up in pure energy,  agression, and hatred!  There's no use talking about each track  individually, since they are all similar, but collectively this makes up  some of the best black metal ever recorded!  This is very early Mayhem but  with just one guy doing every instrument!  If you're into pure, elitist  black metal without the fancy techno and production tricks, this is the cd  to get!  BTW, if Burzum is up your alley, definately check out Judas  Iscariot!
067942850X|4.0|In April, 1992, 24-year-old Chris McCandless, a honors graduate of Emory  University and former resident of Annadale, Virginia, decides to take off  on his own into the wilds of Alaska after living the life of a vagabond  throughout the United States for almost 2 years. Unfortunately his lone  adventure proves fatal and his decomposed body and belongings are found in  an old schoolbus far from a location in which someone might have learned of  his travails.<br />INTO THE WILD recreates the story of Chris McCandless.  It  begins from the discovery of his body and works backward, as the author  decribes not only Chris's background and family, but also his pyche.  Not  unlike other dreamers, such as Tolstoy, Thoreau, and even the book's author  Jon Krakauer, Chris (who changes his name to Alex) follows his dream.   Being completely alone with the harsh realities of nature is often looking  death in the face.  Krakauer compares Chris to other men in the past who  have also met their demise alone in the wild.  Krakauer also takes the  opportunity, since this is his book, to tell of his own adventure alone in  the wild.  Whether the reader admires Chris for his idealism or berates him  for his craziness, Krakauer's book makes for fascinating reading.
0671042858|5.0|This is Stephen King at his best;  not too wordy, not too weird, not going into make-believe monsters and things that go bump in the night, just an  honest, true-to-life story about a 9-year-old girl lost in the woods.  For  people that won't read King because he's too scary or gory, this is the  book for them.<br />I was surprised when I read it.  I have been reading King  since I was myself 9, and while some of his work seems derivative at times,  this was a new and exciting venture. Everything in it makes you feel like  you are right there, that you are in the midst of a huge, unending sea of  trees, bugs, dirt, hunger, discomfort, that all you want to do is be safe  in your bed at home. Trisha McFarland is a well-written character;  you  feel at home with her in the harsh surroundings, you root for her when she  uses all her wits and strengths to keep on going, you pity her when night  closes in and all relative safety evaporates into fear of what you can't  see.<br />I actually wished this book was longer, that I could keep on  reading well after I was done.  At little over 200 pages, this is one of  King's shorter works, and it's one that could have kept going for quite  sometime before becoming tiresome.  If you've never tried King before, here  is where you should start.
B000001FQ8|5.0|When I first bought this CD the year it was released, I listened to it  once, and hated it. As the years went by, it has become my favorite. It is  very different from anything he has done before. It is pretty close to a  country sound. This CD has grew on me so much, it is the first I grab out  of his collection. 'Jackie Brown' is an excellent, sweet song. One of his  best. From the start to the end, this is Mellencamp's finest work. Let's  not forget about the band. As always, they are underrated. Wanchic, Meyers,  York, and Aronoff are incredibly talented, and deserve much more  recognition.
0446677450|4.0|The contents of this book will remind you of many similar ones. The  original piece of it is what will make your reading so pleasant. Its sound  advice is sometimes lost in verbose and lots of text with no aparent  purpose. If you can get through that, then you may find the jewel in this  book.
B0000040EO|5.0|This is all I need to say:<br />Cary Grant Katharine Hepburn Jimmy Stewart  GREAT PERFORMANCES ALL AROUND, ESPECIALLY FROM THE THREE AMAZING STARS AND  RUTH HUSSET!<br />But I'll say more anyway.<br />Upper class lady Tracy Lord is  about to be married to George Kittridge, general manager of Quaker State  something or other (I haven't watched it for a month or so) after two years  before divorcing CK Dexter Haven.<br />Spy Magazine big cheese Sindney Kidd  sends Macauly Conner and Elizabeth Imbry to get an inside story on the  wedding of Tracy Lord, and George Kittridge. They are to get inside via  Tracy's ex husband Dexter, who decides to help for revenge against his  ex-bride.<br />Hilarity ensues via needle sharp dialogue, carefully hidden  gags, and terrific performances.<br />I haven't seen one movie by Cary Grant  that I haven't liked; I have seen thrity-two. I Have only seen two Jimmy  Stewart and Kate Hepburn that I didn't really enjoy a-piece, and I've seen  about twenty or more of theirs.<br />And Cuckor's direction inspired many  directors to choose alternative direction styles.
0380796090|5.0|I just finished reading Watermelon, and boy was it funny.  I loved the  main character, Claire, and her zany family.  Her story of healing and  self-discovery after her husband leaves her and their new-born daughter is  touching and funny.  When I first started reading Watermelon, I couldn't  wait for James (her husband) to come back to her (I'm a sucker for romantic  reconciliations).  But, as I saw Claire heal and grow with the help of her  family and Adam, I didn't really want to see James come back into the  picture.  I think everyone got just what they deserved in the end.  And the  ending - well, without giving anything away, that's just the type of thing  I'd expect from that crazy Helen!  Keyes has a great writing style, and I  was hooked on Watermelon from page 1.  This was a great first novel!
B00003W8NM|4.0|Not nearly as good as The game or Seven, but pretty good accually.
B000002OX7|5.0|THe Who Are Sounding Great on this one.Won't Get Fooled Again,Baba O'Riley  Are Solid to this Day.Great Musicianship&amp;Tight Production.The Who are  in Peak Form here from start to finish.this is the kind of ALbum that is  Timeless.A High so High it's Hard To Recapture The Moment Again.
0226264017|5.0|As befitting a Nobel Prize winner in economics and a former president of  the American Economic Association, Dr. Friedman has written many fine  scholarly works. But you don't need a doctorate in economics to read  Capitalism and Freedom. This is a jargon-free explanation of the principles  of economic freedom, which Friedman demonstrates is a necessary condition  for political freedom. Get and read this razor-sharp book.
6305470464|5.0|I think this movie was fantastic. During the movie you dont really know  how the characters are related until the end. The movie takes you into  about 8 different peoples lives and you get to learn about their lives and  their thoughts of love and life. I also think that each person/couple have  some flaw or problem with love. Take Meredith for example, she doesnt trust  men..for those reasons that she lists in the movie. And Joan cant seem to  find anyone who understands her or actually loves her. This is a great  movie and I think everyone should see it!
0930073193|5.0|If everybody learned economics from Hazlitt, it would not be called the  dismal science. In this masterpiece of concision, Hazlitt elegantly and  clearly presents the case for economic liberty. Hayek said of this book:  &quot;I know of no other modern book from which the intelligent layman can  learn so much about the basic truths of economics in so short a time.  &quot;
B00004T9UF|5.0|the best cd ever is this, all songs exellent, not one bad song. eminem  fans, i urge you to buy it
630521610X|2.0|I know I typed a review for this several months back, and I liked it. But  it seems the more time goes by, the less I like it. I really can't explain  why. It ain't the gore (i am a huge fan of celebrity deathmatch). It ain't  the one scene where the guys throat gets slit. (i can take that stuff!) I  DID see Scary Movie though, which really put it to shame. Scary Movie  rules!!!!!!!!! Anyway, I don't know why, but it just isn't as appealing  anymore. The Scream 3 soundtrack was awesome though.
6301208773|5.0|John McTiernan's DIE HARD is the film that set a new standard in action  films.  Not only is Bruce Willis charismatic as the realistically  foul-mouthed cop John McClane, but the action scenes are somehow  believable.  The characters seem to look, think, and act like real humans.   I'm sure, there are a couple scenes that are unbelievable, but isn't that  the point of watching a movie? To see things you can't witness in real  life?  Alan Rickman plays Hans Greuber who, along with twelve terrorists,  decide to take the inhabitants of a skyscrapter hostage.  McClane, however,  escapes and wages a one-man war against the terrorists, who hold his wife  hostage!  This is slam-bang action entertainment at its finest, with some  witty (and very realistic) dialogue, and its stunning action sequences.   This is highly recommended on all counts.  Director John McTiernan also  directed the third film in the series, DIE HARD WITH A VENGEANCE.
0792838068|5.0|Excellant performances by both Nick Cage and Elisabeth Shue. Mike Figgis  direction of this video was superb and kept the viewer in tune and kept the  flim on an pace perfect for the story. Always keeping the viewer interested  in the developing plot. Also the soundtrack for the flim really help set  the mood and made the flim much more emotional for the viewer. Figgis wrote  and played much of the original score showing he is not only a talented  director but also a musican. Sting also lends his help to a few tracks  during the movie. Overall this was a great movie, having not only a great  story but also top notch directing as well as acting. Highly recomended.
B00003CX6P|1.0|My sister and I had similar ideas about this movie, though we related them in slightly different terms.  Where I said the movie starts slows, finishes  slow, and nowhere in between does it pick up any speed, she simply said,  there's two hours and twenty minutes of my life that I'll never get back.   Picking the lint from out between your toes is a more worthwhile occupation  than watching this snore fest.<br />The quality of the acting was akin to  something you might see in a B movie, however, without the laughs you  usually attain from watching such a production.  No one seemed to be having  a good time filming this movie, and no one portrayed a character even worth  knowing.  The characters were dull and lifeless, and inspired absolutely no  feeling on the part of the audience.<br />Everyone in the movie was amoral,  boring, and full of themselves. It wasn't possible to generate a bit of  interest in any of them, nor did I feel a shred of compassion for even the  ones who end up getting killed.<br />The moral of the movie: Leech onto  someone and get whatever you can from them until they turn on you, then  kill them, and go leech somewhere else.  Charming, isn't it?
B00003CX95|5.0|You are looking at the best movie ever. It really attracts your attention. If you are a movie lover you're gonna cry at the end of this movie.
B00003XB8K|1.0|To be honest, I must say that this work was a VERY BIG dissapointment to  me. Contrary to what some people have said about &quot;Le Roi est mort,  vive le Roi,&quot; I believe that to be one of Enigma's best works. But  this one just doesn't do it. The endless repetition of Orff's &quot;Oh  Fortuna!&quot; from Carmina Burana seems SO out of place with the songs.  And he just inserts it EVERYWHERE! If it made the music sound good then  hey, go ahead. But it's just a cacophony and an incredibly annoying thing  to hear. Never got through the whole disk in one sitting. Definetly NOT a  recommendation!
B000002UCN|3.0|This is a rather inconsistent representation of George Harrison's career..  It starts off with some of the songs he wrote for the Beatles.. and the  some of his early solo work. Well, there are some great songs here.. 'Here  comes..', 'Think For Youself' and 'While My guitar..' are all memorable  songs.. But the real George Harrison can be found on 'Best Of Dark Horse..'  which is, unfortunately out of print.. (What are they thinking??)
B000002J27|5.0|My very favorite post Gabriel albumn. I just bought it remastered and let  me tell you something it is awesome. This was the first Collins vocal CD so  they still had the feel of old genesis not to mention the hackett influence  (I wish he never left). If you never heard this CD I highly recomend it.
B00004NRWH|5.0|UNBELIEVABLE!  This is what rock is supposed to sound like!  Nickelback  isn't just another 5-power chord, yell into the mic, kind-of band.  They  have the ability to put together some beutiful sounds.  What also helps is  that thier lead singer has a voice and knows how to use it.  There is  rarely a mistake heard on this album if any at all.  Surprisingly only a  debut album, Nickelback has shown that you don't need to be a number one  hit in order to be one of the best bands out there.  If Nickelback were  recognized, then maybe they'll have that number one hit after all.
B000002IST|1.0|I bought this CD as soon as it was available in 1991 while I was stationed  in korea, (so it had allready benn out for a couple of months). I was not  impressed the only two songs I cared for were Dreaming while you sleep and  driving the last spike since they had hints of the old Genesis. The problem  I had was this albumn became more of a Phil Collins solo albumn then a  Genesis albumn (although his first two solo albumns were masterpeices). I  am not one the fans that bashes threm for Invisible touch I liked that one,  though not my favorite, it still had the rock sound to it. After this  albumn came out I knew Genesis would cease to exist anymore. If you are  into the new Phill Collins then this is an albumn for you but, I wouldnt  buy it except for the fact that I collect everything they ever put out. I  rank this albumn with From Genesis to Revelation (they were young and  trying to make hits that sounded like everyone else from that era).
1567184855|5.0|Growing up in a Catholic family, I was never personally or particularly enlightened by that faith, or by any other for that matter.  And for years  past I have been an atheist because I have not been able to find an  intelligent explanation for the meaning of life that combines both bonafide  science and spirituality.  Michael Newton's book did this for me.  It's  pages changed my life and gave me a new reason for living, helping me to  see my role in life and my relationships with others in a completely  meaningful, and non-dogmatic way.  This book confirmed what I had known  subconsciously all my life.  A must read.
6303430570|4.0|Hmm... I could have very easily given this film a five star rating but I didn't.... why?  Well before we go into the negatives, lets dwell on the  positives.<br />First of all, this is an excellent film.  Fast, witty  dialogue, great back to back scenes, boardering on the surreal without ever  escaping into the ridiculous.  Kevin Smith manages to write a script which,  despite all improbability, manages to create plausability.  And some of the  debates, such as the one about whether the construction workers making the  death star in The Return of the Jedi were actually innocent bystanders, and  hence whether the victory for the rebel alliance was marred are hilarious.  Not only for how seriously these characters take the ideas within these  films, but also for where their logic leads them. A script like this just  doesn't come along all that often and that is the core reason for watching  this great movie.<br />Filmed predominantly at night after hours in an actual  store, this film is also an icon to all low budget wannabe film directors.   Made on the proverbial shoestring budget it is another great demonstration  that it is not necessary for there to be huge special effect budgets in  order to create a great film.  <br />However, it is not without its faults,  particularly the quality of acting.  Smith has brought in friends to play  the main characters, as one would expect from a fledgling production, and  it shows.  Jay is particularly bad and although some would say that this  adds to the naivety of the film, that it's seediness in places is what  makes it so good, I would have to marginally disagree (although I see  exactly where people are coming from on this one).  <br />On top of this,  although the scenes are great individual sketches, you get the feeling that  the film is a compilation of the best stuff that Smith had written and just  all jammed on to one video.  This was supported by the low quality of the  sequal Mallrats.  There is no overriding emotional plot, no great theme,  apart from the girlfriend trouble idea which, frankly, does not involve the  viewer.  I did not care about the protagonists problems although I  definitely had a ton of fun watching him suffer and all the difficulties  that came with it.
B000002KOJ|5.0|Whenever I hear the phrase \\"singer/songwriter\\", one of the first names  that comes to mind is that of the incredibly talented, creative, and  prolific Joni Mitchell. This is one of her first efforts, and one that  contains a terrific number of well written, masterfully executed, and quite  memorable songs on it.  No one sings popular sixties type folk music better  than Joni, and here she is approaching her genius with such wonderful tunes  as \\"Tin Angel\\", \\"Chelsea Morning\\", and \\"Both Sides Now\\". I love all the  songs on this CD, from \\"I Don't Know Where I Stand\\" about a lover too new  in a relationship to say those three little words that will launch her into  a momentous situation where turning back is going to be painful to \\"I Think  I Understand\\", a philosophic ballad about the sources and consequences of  fear and courage, and finding one's pathway of the wilderness of tears and  terror we all create for ourselves. This album provides a unique early look  at one of best and most popular folk superstars of the last half century,  who burst onto the stage with songs from this and several other early  albums to enchant a generation with her wisdom, wistfulness, and wonderful  talents. Enjoy.
B000002GBJ|5.0|i am probably going to stick my foot in it but reviews are simply opinions and my opinion is this is the best solo effort by mr. wakeman...ever.  i  feel that his best work was with yes and not as a solo artist.  it takes  more than facility at a keyboard to create a cohesive and interesting  composition.  like so many artists both historically and currently popular,  mastery of an instrument does not automatically give rise to compositional  talent.  i have listened to and followed his career since the strawbs and i  hold to my opening remarks.  i also feel that yes has done equally well  with the various keyboard players that have been a part of their history.   i am not of the camp that believes rick wakeman is part of their  &quot;classic&quot; lineup since they are still creating superb sounds and  performing stellar concerts.  in closing, i find it interesting that the  album in review has several members of yes as guest artists.
B00001PE4D|4.0|&quot;Cruel Intentions,&quot; the 1999 remaking of the classic tale &quot;Les Liaisons Dangereuses,&quot; has so much to work with, and works  its characters and its story to the fullest, making this film one of the  better examples of teen films. Ryan Phillipe and Sarah Michelle Gellar, in  their second onscreen appearance together (1997's &quot;I Know What You Did  Last Summer&quot;), star as Sebastian Valmont and Kathryn Merteuil, related  in law and devious thinking. The film opens with Kathryn's plans to bring  down the girl her ex-boyfriend fell for, and Sebastian's hopes to bed the  new headmaster's daugther Annette, played by Reese Witherspoon. Kathryn  places a bet with her step-brother that if he beds Annette, he will get to  sleep with her as well. The race is on as Sebastian begins courting  Annette, flunking at first, but soon succeeding thereafter. In his quest,  he soons begins to realize that he is in love with Annette, but is caught  between his love and the bet with his step-sister. The film has a seductive  feel at every moment, and the fact that love can overpower everything is  very evident. The young leads all give excellent performances, most notably  Gellar, who shines as the vixen of lust and betrayal. While this movie  cannot compare to &quot;Dangerous Liaisons,&quot; it is certainly a new and  fresh take on the classic tale.
0316777722|5.0|My cousin, Lisa, and I share many satisfying and hilarous experiences (college roommates being just one), and for whatever reason, we are David Sedaris soulmates.  After she read my review of &quot;Naked&quot;  [...] she has been a fan.  This year for my  birthday, she paid me back ten-fold with &quot;Me Talk Pretty One  Day,&quot; the best Sedaris yet.  Most of Sedaris' work is what you might  call &quot;sort of&quot; autobiographical.  I say, &quot;sort of&quot;  because it is a little hard for me to believe all of what he writes is true  - embellished truths?  Absolutely.  From his childhood in North Carolina  (filled with wise-cracking, drinking, smoking mother, psycho younger  brother (The &quot;Rooster&quot;) and odd-ball father (to whom he dedicates  the book), we read these funny short pieces about his speech therapist (a  speech 'nazi'), his midget guitar teacher (his father had dreams of the  kids being a famous musical group), his drug abuse experiences, and  finally, a number of pieces about learning French and living in France,  where he finds himself having followed his partner.  I ended up reading  pieces of this book (while on vacation) to whichever member of my family I  could capture, and the two of us were generally reduced to tears.  Believe  it or not, the drug use pieces were a scream - incredibly pathetic but  hysterical.  The best was toward the end when Sedaris describes being in a  French subway (obviously looking very French) and listening to a loud  American man warn his wife that she should watch her pocketbook because  this shifty-looking French guy (Sedaris!) behind her was likely to snatch  her purse.  All in all, like much of what I've read of Sedaris, any author  who can reduce me to tears is a god-send.  The best physical therapy in the  world is to weep with laughter.
0446525537|1.0|This book made me want to puke. It is poorly written and an insult to the reader's intelligence. Nothing is left to the reader's imagination--rather,  all is spelled out for you lest you miss an unsubtle nuance. Not worth the  time it takes to read, which isn't much.
B00003CWTH|5.0|The mark of a truly great film is how long its memory stays with you after  you have seen it and whether the ideas contained within it lead to a change  within you and in your actions.  This film is about regret and, without a  doubt, I have never before left a cinema with such a need to desperately  have to become a better person. <br />The film follows the events in the lives  of many different characters from different walks of life, in a similar  fashion to Raymond Carver's Short Cuts, for those who have seen it (if not,  see that too). Many of these characters are related to each other, a father  with a quiz show genius for a son, another father (the quiz show host) who  abused his daughter as a child, another man who was previously in the same  quiz show in 1968 but is now a nobody, a dying father (who owns the company  that made the quiz show) who wants to see his long lost son (Tom Cruise)  and more. <br />This is certainly a very, VERY complex film. It attacks the  senses with so much information that it is very hard to contain it in one  sitting. However, if you can survive this, if you can either take it all in  or have the stamina to go back once you have digested it the first time and  see it once more, you will see that this is in fact one of the most  incredible films of the decade. <br />The film can be understood as an  explanation of a monologue set at the beginning of the film, spoken by a  cop. In this, the cop explains his philosophy for day to day living, that  every day he tries to go out and do good. Then he goes on to say that he  tries to do good in his life because.... and then we see the film and the  film is an explanation. This is why, because if we do not do our best then  the pain of regret will eat up inside of us and will stop us from truly  ever being happy.<br /> But it is more than a simple, moralistic tale, the  film is in part a description of the mystery and reason behind the actions  of God, as well as containing some of themost fantastic acting, dialogue  and a stunning soundrack to boot.  It is delivered with such style, such  attention to detail and artistry that every moment, every scene has more to  it than the simple events which go on within them.  There is something so  much deeper going on here, something fundamental as to what drives us as  human beings.<br />Do not be dissuaded by the scale of this film. It IS a long  film, there IS alot going on and alot to keep track of but if you  perservere with it then I have no doubt that it is worth the effort.
B00003CXDD|5.0|This is an excellent, excellent movie, and I've seen just aboutall of them.  I see a lot of people younger than my 49 years writing in to say so too, but anyone of any age who has wit and humor would enjoy this one.  I want my DVD!
0486227073|5.0|All of the Brigdman series are excellent as is this on human anatomy.  A must for any art student.
6305428220|5.0|Most people would think that the above combination would fail, but not at  the hand of Kevin Williamson, writer of this wonderful science-fiction film  brought to life by talented actors and from the director of &quot;From Dusk  Till Dawn.&quot; Opening with an intense scene in which the school  principal is attacked and overtaken by two alien staff, the film only gets  better, introducing us to the seperate lives of each of the students who  will come together to stop the faculty, as well as the student body, from  taking over the entire town. As more people become converted, the small  band of &quot;refugees&quot; begin to discover their own clues, ultimately  deducing that the queen alien must be eliminated if they are to save the  town. Some might think the plot and material to be juvenile, yet it has a  certain intelligence and thinking factor behind its young and fresh cast.  Also, the film blends with its story many of the elements used in movies of  the same genre from the fifties and sixties, which makes it even better for  some reason. Let's just be blunt: everything in this movie works.
0312243022|4.0|Not only the Pen/Faulkner award winner for fiction, this Pulitzer prize  winner is a profound and moving novel.  The story weaves together the lives  of three different women (in three different periods of time).  Each of the  women's lives is experienced by the reader for only a matter of hours on a  given day.  Virginia Woolf who is recovering outside of London after (we  assume) a nervous breakdown (or a suicide attempt?), Laura Brown who is a  suburban housewife (in the 1950s) who is beginning to realize that her  lovely home and family are stifling her, and Clarissa Vaughn who is in the  process of planning a party for a dear old friend who has just won an  important literary prize and is dying of AIDS in NYC .  The reader spends a  few hours with each of these women (alternating chapters), inside their  heads as they go about the business of living on the given afternoons the  author has chosen to share with us.  I only wish that I had read Woolf's  &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; before reading this novel as it would have made  the experience of this novel that much more complete.  Cunningham's  writing is exquisite, his ability to realistically put into the voices of  these women what people actually think and muse about and are troubled by,  is simply a gift.  To quote the back cover, &quot;.. the (three) stories  become intertwined, and finally come together in an act of subtle and  haunting grace.&quot; Perfectly put.  A must read.
B00003CXA6|5.0|The movie Gettysburg, in my opinion, may be one of the best ever made.  Personally, I have seen it no less than 100 times, and with it's 12/5/00  release on DVD, it is sure to become even more popular than ever.  It's  gripping, touching, and realistic views of the people involved, and the  battles themselves, serve to bring us closer to those who fought for their  beliefs 137 years ago.   Director Ron Maxwell is currently making plans to  film the prequel and sequel to Gettysburg, based on the books &quot;Gods  and Generals&quot; and &quot;The Last Full Measure,&quot; by Jeff Shaara  (son of the late Michael Shaara, author of &quot;The Killer Angels&quot;).   These promise to be just as phenomenal as Gettysburg.  The books are a  triumph, and the movies are sure to succeed.
0345363132|5.0|Penman writes beautifully of other times, bringing them to life, and  making the reader care desperately for her characters. All her books are  wonderful. <br />This, however, is the best of the lot. It was a labour of  love, written when she did not know that she would be a successful author.  This story is the story she had to tell, and tell it she does. Even knowing  how it will all turn out does not distract from the suspense she weaves.  Whatever your opinion about the facts of Richard III's life, you will be  drawn into this telling. Yes, the plot is determined by Penman's opinion  about whether Richard killed the little princes or not. But that's not  where the power of the book lies.<br />The prose shines with clarity and  grace. The characters seem real enough to touch. The pacing is splendid.  The storytelling is compelling. This is a book to read and savour.
6300270696|5.0|This is the best movie I ever seen- I saw it first when I was only 10 (I didn' t see the end, the first time!), but I fell in love with this  movie!  The actors are very very able (expecially Rutger Hauer), and I  liked very much the idea of Duality, which I think is inside every man. I  liked also the role of Imperius (a monk cursed by his duty to the Bishop- a  very sad, sad person), although many people aren' t of my same idea!
B000002UJQ|5.0|When I first listened to Pablo Honey's hit single &quot;Creep&quot; back  in 1992, I knew that Radiohead would not simply just become another English  pop band that would fall victim to the clutches of mainstream American  music. They have a deep, and dark underbelly to their songs that would go  unoticed by the average listener, but lingers in the minds of some. OK  Computer is one of these albums. On the surface, it is a progressive rock  album. Put simply. But there are so many more levels to it. With each song,  you are forced into a hole of pure genius that brilliantly captures the  essence of the dehumanization of the world. With the slow moving, and  stirring &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; you feel as if the album is changing  the atmosphere around you, making you feel slightly uneasy, and cautious.  Then, with &quot;Climbing Up The Walls&quot; and &quot;No Surprises&quot; a  trance-like feeling induces you, and flows you right into the final song,  &quot;The Tourist&quot; with a deep, and rich subway of sound that is  breathtaking. This is truly a great piece of work, and should be appricated  by all of those who listen to it. I know I have.
B00004VWAF|5.0|on the corner is different. there is nothing else that sounds even remotely similar to it (excluding other miles davis recordings). miles had  totally forsaken conventional methods of jazz arrangements with the  unforgetable tabla drumming by badal roy, the relentless grooves of michael  henderson's electric bass, and most of all: miles' wah-wah trumpet. yes,  you heard me right. miles davis plays his trumpet with a wah-wah pedal.  keyboards sound like guitars, guitars sound like keyboards and miles'  trumpet sounds like a mix between the two. <br />people have said that this  album is no good because miles davis plays less trumpet than on his  previous recordings. this is true, but you must also understand that when  miles isn't working magic on his horn, he's getting his groove on with an  organ or directing the band into each of their respective solos. either  way, miles makes his presence felt the whole time. <br />if you're looking for  music with a unique edge, then give this a shot. if you can't deal with  creativity, go back to that britney spears cd in your stereo.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I hear bad reviews- well guess what?! I bought their CD 8 months ago and  still enjoy listening to tracks like &quot;9 Teen 90 Nine,&quot;  &quot;Nookie&quot; and &quot;Just Like This.
0684857219|5.0|This book is great. It gives you all the basics along with advanced  training. It covers the history of the sport,training,posing, and  nutrition. By far one of the best books on lifting ever. It is the Bible!!
B00003CWTI|2.0|Straight to the point, this film is overrated. Over ambitiousis the best way to describe Andersons work. Boogie Nights would have been perfect if the last half hour had been cut, but with Magnolia he would have needed a pair of garden shears.  What exactly was he hoping to achieve here? You never suspect for one moment that the movie will culminate with a reasoned and satisfactory ending. Its messy throughout. I felt itchy just watching it. Am i the only one who squirmed as the cast sang the aimee mann track?<br />Some of the characters and scenarios were interesting, and as ever, William H Macy gave us a watchable portrayal of a man struggling to come to terms with middle age. But its no answer as to how this film ever got the go-ahead.<br />Yes, we all like films like this, films that are different,challenging,thought provoking and over long! But still,i would be lying if i said this was anything more than a pile of over-indulgent porridge. Mr Anderson! Length doesnt signify art!   END
B000003S5H|5.0|Moon Safari. Just saying it brings a smile to my face. Just like the  title, so unexpected and dreamy, so is the album. Created using a harmonic  blend of keyboards, synthisizers, and melodic vocals, Moon Safari captures  a unique sound that deserves attention. Among many fav songs is &quot;A New  Star In The Sky&quot; which borrows from vintage 70's love anthems, then  bends it, into a wonderful cloud-like feeling. In the world of electronica,  its good to know that these guys are around to give us all a good breath of  fresh AIR. (Ha HA)
0790741512|5.0|This action masterpiece features Mel Gibson in a perfect performance,  breathtaking chase sequences that would give the most dull of viewers a  hard jolt, and scenery that absloutely left me in awe.  'Nuff said.  Run  out and rent The Road Warrior as soon as possible.
B00000IPAX|5.0|How many times are we going to have to listen to the &quot;This isn't REAL punk!&quot; and &quot;They sold out!&quot; whiners.  Find something new to  rant about, people.  I've already heard it as a kid in the early 80s (The  Clash, anyone?), as a college student in the early 90s (Nirvana, anyone?),  and now as an adult the argument is rearing its head again with the latest  wave of popular punk bands.  The simple fact is, if a band is still playing  $5 clubs after 20 years, then they either a) have the worst luck in the  world, or b) have a musical focus so small that it only appeals to a tiny  segment of the population.  While the latter is not necessarily a BAD  thing, it doesn't mean that bands who stretch their style to appeal to a  larger audience are somehow evil.  That's silly, and it's sour grapes from  people who think punk music should only be played for people who like to  bang their heads together repeatedly while muttering bad things about each  other and their neighbors.  I say, if a band can take a punk music base and  make it appeal to everyone, more power to them!<br />Now, to the music itself:  This is a great album.  Every song could be a single.  The melodies are  catchy, the lyrics are hysterical, and the album rocks from beginning to  end.  The band can be justifiably proud of their accomplishment.  In a sea  of Brittneys (however you spell that) and *NSYNCs, Blink 182 is an  enchanted isle.  If you're looking for some great punk-pop, don't hesitate  to add this to your collection.  My favorites: &quot;Don't Leave Me,&quot;  &quot;Going Away to College,&quot; and &quot;What's My Age  Again.&quot;<br />I'll say it again: Detractors chill!  This is a terrific  album.
B000002LTU|4.0|Had Miles Davis lived to see this project through, it's possible that most  or all of the Eazy Mo Bee-produced DOO-BOP cuts would have remained in the  can, in favor of projects we can only speculate upon (he was set to work  with Prince, John Bigham, and others).  However, when Davis died the EMB  sessions were prepared for release.<br />From what I've read, Miles picked  from a selection of grooves concocted by hip-hop producer Eazy Mo Bee, and  that Davis ignored EMB's mellower, keyboard-flavored demos in favor of the  tracks with the slammin'est beats.  As usual, Miles knew what he wanted,  because his solos are consistently assertive and full of imaginative twists  and turns.  Has Davis ever played invigorating trumpet a greater percentage  of an album's total running time than here?  Drop any fears that because it  is Miles' last album that we have to lower HIS or OUR standards to  appreciate the improvisations.<br />The general consensus is that the album's  achilles heel is the rapping, with relatively trite rhyme-play on the three  non-instrumental cuts.  Nonetheless, I think that if the Smithsonian were  ever to update their jazz box and needed some hiphop-meets-bebop, BLOW--the  most substantial of the three rap tracks--would be as good a selection as  any.  And isn't it ironic that the title cut was a posthumous hit single  (probably Davis' first-ever)?  Had he lived to tour about it, imagine Davis  turning his back on audience shouts to hear THE DOO-BOP SONG played live  (ala his not performing the radio faves THE MAN WITH THE HORN and SHOUT a  decade earlier).<br />If you'd like to hear how jazz and hip-hop might  converge, this album is recommended despite the fact that the accompiament  could have had more of a creative edge.  Everyone has their own idea of  what rap/hip-hop artist Miles &quot;should&quot; have collaborated with...I  would have liked to have heard Miles mix it up with Digital Underground.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I am a long time jazz and blues fan, however I am just a recent fan of Ms. Krall.  Rarely have I heard music that seems to be so effortless, and  natural.  It is obvious that she has had a lot of influences, but her style  is her own.  If she were performing in a big-time supper club, a high  priced meal might be neglected.  With a lot of artists, after a few songs  and you tend to say to yourself &quot;that's enough of that&quot;.  Not so  with this lady.  I look forward to ANYTHING that she cares to sing.
B00000K19E|3.0|For the Sci-Fi's of '99 go, The Matrix was the best. It's competitors  being Virus and Episode 1, says nothing for the film anyway. It has some  cool sequences, but not enough to fulfill the shoes as such classics as  Aliens and Terminator 2: Judgement Day did. It deserves an award for CGI  effects, but thats not to say the films great or anything. It's hurt by  overlongness, slowness and overall confusion beyong being creative. Don't  buy it unless you really, really loved it. I didn't.
B00004TL21|5.0|In this new epoch of marketing campaigns and commercial artists, its  finally great to see a band succeed without having to stoop to the  pretentious and utterly ridiculous level of some of their, dare I say it,  &quot;companions&quot; (i.e. Limp Bizkit and Korn). The album is absolutely  wonderful not just for its frenzy of musical instruments that take you up  and down like a roller-coaster but because of Chino Moreno's outstanding  lyrics. He believes that lyrics should have an intrinsic as well as  extrinsic effect on an individual and its obvious. All of the tracks leave  you with an eery ambiguity that can seldom be accounted for by many artists  perhaps with the exception of &quot;Tool,&quot; whose lead singer makes a  cameo on &quot;Passenger.&quot; It seems as if the band has found a median  of harmony where they are comfortable instead of the pragmatist approach of  their 1995 Gold album &quot;Adrenaline.&quot; Stand-out tracks include  &quot;Feiticira,&quot; &quot;Digital Bath,&quot; &quot;RX Queen,&quot;  &quot;Knife Party,&quot; &quot;Korea,&quot; and &quot;Passenger.&quot; I  only mentioned those because those are the STAND-OUT tracks, the rest are  still pretty damn good. Unless you like the mundane excuses for rock music  today-yes, I am talking about Limp Bizkit and Korn-then I suggest you flip  out your wallet and order this album otherwise you will be infected with  the dreaded disease of simplicity that rock music embellishes so much. If  you like GOOD rock music, you'll love Deftones.
B000002UTH|5.0|This album exudes funkosity.  Tracks such as american ghost dance, yertle the turtle, hollywood, Freaky Styleyand jungle man to name a few show how  funky the peppers can be. while they keep their punk rock roots intact with  songs like catholic school girls rule, battleship, blackeyed blond, and  nevermind.  If you want me to stay shows the softer side of the peppers  that was to come out more in later albums.  a high point being the short  jam in Brothers Cup that makes me giddy.  The only low point in the cd i  would say is the song Sex Rap which im sorry, just makes me laugh.
6303234844|5.0|In one word great! Everytime when I'm feeling down or blue I grab this  video and it makes my mood going up again. The way that Peter and co.  present their show is incredible. You feel the energy of those people  whilst performing, glowing of your screen. They LIKE what they are doing  and it shows! Every track is outstanding but my personal favorite is In  Your Eyes. I wish they would make a DVD from this one.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Well what more can i say except that it was the top actioner ofthe 90's now it will be the top DVD of the year if not the decade.It has all the right ingredients,action,emotion,love,hate, fear and a rocking soundtrack,but none of these ingredients are any use unless they are prepared properly &amp; mr Cameron has done a sterling job. I already own it on dvd but cant wait for the ultimate edition,but my neighbours probably can (sorry guys).I was lucky enough to see it at a private screenig by carrolco in 1991 &amp; so saw the complete version but i am looking forward to seeing it again complete.roll on T3 in 2001. Lets hope that the original &quot;THE TERMINATOR&quot; gets as much T.L.C. as T2 when it is released on dvd in january 2001.Long live ARNIE &amp; T2. p.s: I would give it more stars but 5 is all they'll give me .......
B00000J7J4|2.0|Before anyone sends me hate mail saying that if I write another review  they'll crucify me, let me explain. I admire Carlos Santana. I think he's  one of the most reputable and successful artists today and his album is  deserving of any and all accolade. The qualms I have with this album aren't  really palatable in a musical sense but they are in a nostalgic one. Santan  is known for playing LIVE. Now I know that this is a poor excuse to give 2  stars to such a great album but listen, Carlos Santana is like a magician  with the guitars. His shows dazzle, amaze, and even stupify the audience  into an addictive stupor of sound and Spanish beats. When I listened to  this album, I didn't hear Santana, I heard Santana on cd. It was like  somebody had douced the musical fire by asking him to come into the studio  for some sessions. I will not lie, there are stand-out tracks but even with  this I have qualms: Santana barely sings. If he weren't a reputable artist  then this album would truly be horrible with all the guest appearances. At  first it seems fascinating that Santan can touch that many genres with only  his guitars yet that quickly wears off after you see just what he's  touched: every genre known to man (except Country music, thank God!) The  last problem I had with the album was that it was mostly instrumental and,  like I previously mentioned, this would have been something spectacular had  Santana been performing live. My advice: call ticket master and see where  he's playing next if you want to hear his music, guaranteed: Santana is a  hell of a lot better live.
B00003003R|5.0|This album is indicative of the range of this 80's-90's supergroup. From  the hard driving &quot;You could be mine&quot;, to the haunting simplicity  of  &quot;Its Alright&quot;, you can see at once why the music of Guns  n'Roses will never die. It's a must have !
6305897786|1.0|This movie lacked any kind of suspense.  Five minutes into the movie you  could guess the plot.  Was this movie supposed to be a  thriller,horor,suspense, because it didn't make any of those categories.
B000002HPV|5.0|...i cant even begin to accurately describe the brilliance of this  album.<br />...not only is it beautifully produced... the lyrics are  mindblowing.  <br />buy it at all costs.
B0000041TD|4.0|Certainly one of the best Boheme recordings out there. Freni's most famous role in which she shines. Her lyrico-spinto voice is just right for this sweet role and she's heartbreaking. No wonder she owned the role for decades.     Her Rodolfo is Pavarotti and this was also one of his most famous roles. His spectacular instrument makes his Rodolfo a true charmer. The atmosphere however that Karajan creates is more Hollywood-like than Parisian. This spoils it for me. Both Freni and Pavarotti sounded more romantic under the baton of Schippers a few years earlier (Opera d'oro offers that recording).     The rest of the cast here is wonderful with Harwood and Ghiaurov outstanding. Decca engineers have done an impressive job by the way.    Serafin's Boheme with Tebaldi - Bergonzi (both heartstopping!) and Bastianini, D'Angelo, Siepi, Corena (WOW) will always be the ultimate Boheme for me but the Freni-Pavarotti combination is stunning!
B00003CWLE|5.0|I can't really compare and contrast with the other two orthreemovies with almost the same title and same story as I have never seen them. All I can tell you is that this movie is a love story that we've all been craving ever since scary movies came into play. It's the story of a young English woman who is sent to Siam to teach the King's children. At once she is considered controversal and disobedient, stirring everything up every place she goes. But the King, amazingly, allows her to keep her ideas and even agrees with her. (Imagine that!) ... <br />A really nice story.
B00003CXAY|5.0|A friend of mine bought a huge TV, the snazzy sound system, the whole home theater works.  He built a room in his basement with curtained walls,  tiered couches for viewing and subdued lighting.  It seemed a bit  extravagant.  Then he bought a DVD player.  I turned to another mutual  friend and remarked, &quot;But if they ever put Koyaanisqatsi on DVD, it'll  all be worth it.&quot;  He too, had seen it in the theaters in '83 and he  quickly concurred.  We miss it.
B0000214F3|4.0|I've seen alot of Brad Pitt movies... but i have to say that this one is the best! Not just because he looks like an angel (when he should be  looking like death), but it's how a love story should be told. A love story  without fate is like Brad Pitt without his 'sexy' status. It's just  unthinkable. I only gave it 4 stars because I watched the whole thing over  a few days and it didn't effect me the way it should have. i had to watch  it a over a few times after to remember the links in the script. So I  suggest you watch it all at once! It should make some sence then! BRAD PITT  FAN? THIS ONE'S FOR YOU!
B0000214F0|1.0|Much has been made of the promotion that &quot;Caligula&quot; is the most controversial film in history. If it is, then it must not be controversial  because of historical value like let's say, Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK,&quot;  no, it has just caused a ruckus because it is THE motion picture porno.  &quot;Caligula&quot; is a big, boring and badly-filmed mess. There is no  historical value here because it's obvious that it concentrates more on the  sex, rape, necrophilia and bestiality than the history it tries to portray.  The dialogue is corny, the plot is a big mess that you never understand and  it makes no sense. There are scenes of carnage that are unnecessary, like  one where a man's genitals are cut off and fed to dogs who happily eat them  on camera. I'm not against violence in movies, but most of the violence  here has no meaning. &quot;Caligula&quot; was so bad, in fact, that the  director removed his name from the credits upon release, it's also obvious  that most of the porn must have been shot behind some of the talent's back  considering I don't think a screen legend like Peter O'Toole who played  Lawrence Of Arabia would appear in a muddled mess like this. Look, just  take out the togas, fancy (small-looking and un-epic) sets and other Roman  attire, hell, take out the cheesy dialogue, and you have here a porno film.  I'm sure the story of Caligula can be told with realism and style (which is  badly needed here), but not like this. The movie doesn't care about it's  history, only about the sex. Some may say, &quot;well, that was what Rome  was like.&quot; Yes, we know Rome was a little Penthouse party most of the  time, but there was also history and intriguing characters involved,  &quot;Caligula&quot; just looks at the Penthouse stuff and ignores the  characters and history. When I read the DVD cover, I was expecting  something pretty good, because I support daring, provocative cinema, but  &quot;Caligula&quot; was a depressing experience, it is probably the worst  movie I have ever seen, if not ever been made. I wouldn't be surprised if  the supposedly used screenplay was ignored, just look at the credits, no  one is credited with actually writing this pile of trash, the writing  credit only states that the film is BASED on a screenplay by Gore Vidal.  Now what could that mean? In the end, &quot;Caligula&quot; is a sickening,  depressing movie. You won't be surprised if you find yourself yawning in  boredom thinking: &quot;What the hell is the point of this movie?&quot;
6305897786|2.0|WHILE THIS MOVIE HAD A GREAT STORY LINE (A QUALITY MOST NEWER MOVIES ARE  LACKING)  I FELT THAT IT COULD HAVE BEEN PORTRAED BETTER THAN IT WAS.  THE  PREVIEWS WERE VERY MISLEADING SO THE VIEWER HAD EXPECTATIONS OF ACTION AND  ADVENTURE, WHILE THE TRUTH IS THAT IT WAS VERY TAME.  THE DEPP FAN THAT I  AM I WENT TO SEE THIS FILM WITH HIGH EXPECTATIONS.  THIS WAS NOT A TYPICAL  DEPP FILM, IT WAS A LITTLE DISAPOINTING IN COMPARISON TO SLEEPY HOLLOW OR  EDWARD SCISSOR HANDS.  IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A SLOW DRAWN OUT DETAILED STORY  WITH OUT MUCH ACTION THIS MOVIE COULD BE ENTERTAINING TO THE RIGHT VIEWER.
068983571X|4.0|This is the most famous of the four full length novels written by Sir  Arthur Conan Doyle.  This novel deals with the horrifying legend of a demon  dog that destroys the lives of members of the Baskerville  family.<br />Sherlock Holmes and Watson go to the Baskerville estate to check  into the legend and also to protect their client Henry Baskerville.  Watson  does more detective work in this novel than the other ones which is a nice  twist.<br />This is a good mystery and is easier to follow than the others  written by Mr. Doyle.  You should enjoy this engaging classic.
B00001OH1S|4.0|If only there was more than 12 songs. I loved TTCA, it's one of my  favorite movies - I'm only disappointed that they chose only 12 songs from  the movie score. They should have had more than that seeing as even though  the 12 songs are good, there are other songs that are missing that I also  wanted to hear. ALl in all, however, the CD is good, and the movie is  better.
B000002N2N|5.0|The Saviors of rock and roll in all their blistering glory. An incredible  live show, recorded on New Years Eve, 1977 in England cathes our boys at  their best.  It starts with &quot;Rockaway Beach&quot; and takes off from  there, never letting up.  When it's over, 28 songs and less than an hour  later, all you're left with is numb, buzzing ears and the feeling like  you've been run over by a train.  The best live album in rock and roll  history?  Probably.  An absolute head banging masterpiece.
B000002KXV|5.0|I was fifteen when I first heard Steely Dan. A bass-playing friend of mine owned a copy of the Royal Scam and one of this album. Initially I thought  the Nightfly sounded strange, when compared to the stuff that my friends  were listening to, i.e. Nirvana. Maybe it was because it was from another  era, I don't know, but something grabbed me deep inside and after a while I  really got into it. At that time I was just starting to get into Jazz and I  found the Nightfly with its close ties to Jazz, to be a good introduction  to the genre. These days, I am a Jazz musician and am thankful for being  able to hear this album. I also think in retrospect, a lot has to be said  for the Nightfly, for it was popular with a number of people who didn't  even like Jazz, yet didn't sacrifice quality for mere cross-over status. A  great album up there with the best of 'em
6302814782|5.0|The Lost Boys was one of those truly great movies.  Well, at least<br />when you're seven and you sneak into a theater to see it.  When this<br />movie came out everybody was talking about it, and with good reason.<br />The acting was superb on every level, the action sequences were both<br />exciting and scary, and it was just plain good Vampire entertainment.<br />The use of kids as Van Helsing's was brilliant and made for some very<br />hilarious antics.  Corey Feldman's character in particular was fun to<br />watch since he played much of the comic relief.  The final<br />twist/surprise ending was just that to the film's target audience<br />(people like me) and I liked it, thank you very much....If you were a<br />kid during the 1980's you probably already know what I'm talking<br />about, The Lost Boys is one hell of a movie.  A true Horror classic.
0375501851|4.0|Now and then someone writes a book that overwhelms you with its words, its  phrases, and its descriptions. Zadie Smith's ability to portray a person, a  place, or an organization gets you so absorbed that you resent it when she  grabs you by the arm, and insists that you return to the plot that meanders  vaguely through the book. Where some authors might state that a character  clears his throat, Ms Smith provides us with &quot;Erhummmm, a  sound..(that) began in his arched nostrils and reverberated through his  slight, elongated, misshapen limbs like the final shiver of a hanged  man.&quot;<br /> Mind you she can be offensive to some. She's probably  alienated a whole country when she states that Bangladesh is God's attempt  at black humor. Ah, but the pictures she paints. There are the two people  who are swallowed whole by their commitment to Jehovah's Witnesses, their  dialogue suffused with musty, dreary religious references. Then there is  that lengthy description of teens furtively smoking at recess, or the  history of Ibrahim ad-Din Shukrallah, founder of KEVIN, a militant Islamic  youth organization. He spent five years in his aunt's garage, never leaving  it until he had written his 637 often-incomprehensible rules for his new  movement. Ibrahim gives a hilariously inept speech to his followers, and Ms  Smith, as usual, drags me away from it. She also forcibly removes me from  O'Connell's Poolroom wherein dwell, permanently it would seem, some of  London's most colorful curmudgeons.<br />Ms Smith mistreats her characters.  She introduces them, gets you interested in them, and then often relegates  them to the shadows. I had great hopes in getting to know Clara, the tall,  beautiful, but toothless Jamaican beauty that enters to much fanfare in an  early scene, and then all but vanishes. Others suffer the same fate. The  Bangladeshi Asmad has a wonderful way of speaking, but somewhere around the  middle of the book you wonder why he rarely makes any more appearances. The  author essentially tells the tale of two generations of two families. There  is nothing heroic or virtuous about these people, so Ms Smith simply makes  them funny. It's a strange book that makes you marvel at the author's  tremendous talent. Yet while you find yourself fascinated by individual  pages you find the book as a whole somewhat disappointing.earances. The  author essentially tells the tale of two generations of two families. There  is nothing heroic or virtuous about these people, so Ms Smith simply makes  them funny. It's a strange book that makes you marvel at the author's  tremendous talent. Yet while you find yourself fascinated by individual  pages you find the book as a whole somewhat disappointing.
079284632X|5.0|THE LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT is Wes Craven's startling debut as a no holds barred horror director.  Unflinching in its depiction of torture, rape, and  humiliation it can still make audiences gasp almost thirty years after its  initial release.  This tale of two young girls on their way to a concert  and their misfortunate run in with four dangerous fugitives is essential  viewing for any fan of the Horror genre.  What really disturbed me in this  film is the way the four villains had so much fun in demeaning and then  killing the two girls.  And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.  As well as one of the killers names being  &quot;Krug&quot; add an &quot;er&quot; and well, you figure it out.  Keep a  look out for the mother's scene of revenge down by the lake, that alone is  worth the price of admission.  Truly deserving of &quot;cult&quot; status!
B00000K0DT|5.0|O.k., I admit, I came to this movie late.  Never saw it in the theaters,  on cable, or even rented it until I bought the DVD.  What a huge mistake!  This is the sort of movie that holds up to repeated viewings.  A great  script, great performances (especially by the wonderful Kevin Spacey),  entertaining, spooky at times, and thought-provoking.  The Usual Suspects  would make my list of the top ten films of the 1990's.
B000002UAR|5.0|Is it possible this was &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;part 2 ? or could you say &quot;Pepper&quot; part 1, actually its probably both, or possibly neither,  yes its that complex of an album, where you just don't know where to place  it other then the one after &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and Before &quot;Sgt.  Pepper&quot;,and you just know its so great, it almost leaves you standing  there in awe wondering hows it possible for ANY human to sing like this. It  was the &quot;Middle Beatles&quot;, their 7th album. No longer looked upon  as Mop Tops, they now passed into the genius stage, The beginning of the  studio years. Now it was the time, the time to sing about other things  other then kissing or holding hands and how wonderful being in love  was,  in fact the only love songs on here are Pauls, the beautiful &quot;Here  There and Everywhere&quot;(Pauls favorite out of all his work) And  &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot;, he wrote it after hearing &quot;  &quot;Daydream&quot; by the Loving Spoonful. Then the opposite of those  love songs, on &quot;For No One&quot; (great piano by Paul) another  complaint song to Jane, &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot; the other.Then  theres Georges (the real &quot;first&quot; sitar song by George) &quot;Love  You To&quot; which actually has less to do with love, and more to do with  Georges eastern philosophies about how one should enjoy life while one is  young. &quot;I Want To Tell You&quot; (great Guitar work by George and  Pauls Bass shines as does Ringos drumming) possilby about being the shy  Beatle. Then Johns songs which seem to point out just how no one  understands him, &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; (what a great song and  the guitar work by JP&amp;G is excellent) seems to be about someone that is  stuck on the fact that they have it all, even having a bird that sings, but  then they'll &quot;Be awoken&quot; and realize they dont have John,  (possibly a put down song to someone John knew) Btw, John didnt like this  song, so you now have Johns least favorite and Pauls favorite on one CD.  The song I'm only Sleeping&quot; is again about how John is so miss  understood, they &quot;think hes lazy&quot;,but then he &quot;thinks  they're crazy&quot;so it doesnt matter. (Footnote) &quot;I'm Only Sleeping,  along with &quot;Dr.Robert and &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; were not  available in &quot;true stereo&quot; in the US, who remembers having to buy  the Import &quot;Revolver&quot; to hear it in true stereo? or if you were  lucky you got the record club version of &quot;Yesterday and Today&quot;  AKA the &quot;Butcher Cover&quot; Album. Getting back to &quot;I'm only  Sleeping&quot; it was also inspired by Paul coming to his house early to  wake him up. &quot;She Said, She Said&quot; (J&amp;G guitars were  unbelieveble on here and what more can be said about Ringos drumming during  this time, Paul claims he was absent on this song due to an argument) is  about no &quot;she&quot; at all but about Peter Fonda and how he kept  bugging him at a party in California in 65 when John was on acid. for a  moment John looks back on the simple days before all the fame &quot;when he  was a boy, everything was right&quot;compare this with &quot;Help!&quot;  &quot;When I was younger so Much Younger Then Today, I never Needed  anybodys Help in Any way&quot;. And who can forget the first Psychedelic  song, &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; ( another Ringo-ism,&quot;A Hard  Days Night&quot; being his first)Also about some of the books John was  reading at the time. They taped Paul Laughing and tinkered with it till it  sound like seagulls in the background.Of course theres the hits  &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; (perfect song for Ringo) and Pauls wonderful  &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, and the popular &quot;Got To Get You Into MY  life&quot;.  it was time for more firsts with the backwards loops, Pauls  Bass being more complicated as was Ringos drums and John and Georges guitar  playing. Plus they covered almostevery subject of their life in this CD,  Doctors, Money, drugs, fantasies and more.If you dont have this one in your  Beatles collection your missing one of the best if not THE best Beatles CDs  ever released. You wont want to miss this one.every subject of their life in this CD,  Doctors, Money, drugs, fantasies and more.If you dont have this one in your  Beatles collection your missing one of the best if not THE best Beatles CDs  ever released. You wont want to miss this one.
B0000027F8|5.0|This album shows not only that Michael is a great singer but also that he  is a talented artist. In my opinion this is the best album of his career  with songs became classics such as &quot;Freedom&quot; or &quot;Praying for  time&quot; and others that show his jazz influences such as &quot;Cowboys  and angels.&quot; All the songs are great and you can enjoy each one of  them very much.
B000002VMD|5.0|i really enjoyed listening to ms houston.the cd is just great.it makes you  think of real love and the power    lt  has on you with a little of funk on  the side.it is great to dance to or just mellow out with someone special in  your life.this is a cd to listen to for years to come because you could  never get tired of listening to it.ms houston really gives her all with her  unique and strong voice.
B00004U9MS|5.0|I dont know why people go on about this band's music being, &quot;brutal  but nice&quot;. To me, Coldplay are the masters of their art, they write  the most beautifully crafted songs, which at the same time have the  necessary verve, gusto and musical instinct to set them apart from other  bands. My favourite songs on this album are Trouble, Don't Panic, Shiver  and Yellow, but the rest of them are just as excellent.<br />A must buy if you  like music thats captivates you with it's sheer brilliance...
B000000NN4|5.0|My credentials: Countless hours of listening to electronic music since I  was a child. <br />My favourites: Klaus Schulze (the 70's analog albums),  Tangerine Dream (the 70's analog albums), Jarre (the first 3 albums),  Vangelis (the 70's analog albums).<br />The favourite of my favourites(of the  lighter tone space music):    Albedo 0.39 and Spiral by  Vangelis<br />Because a review is not helpful if you dont know the taste of  the reviewer. I think that the above comments will give you a hint.<br />This  album is a recording that belongs to the highest achievements of music as a  whole. It is a treasure and I am glad that I was fortunate enough to grow  up in an environment that appreciated this kind of music. Vangelis explores  the universe with this music and all listeners around the world follow him  in a journey through creation, evolution and nucleogenesis. Carl Sagan used  this music for his popular TV series &quot;Cosmos&quot;, a great influence  for my point of view of the world and probably one of the reasons that I  became a particle physicist!<br />As I have written in another review for  Tangerine Dream, Vangelis is not only a musician. He is a researcher. His  studio is not only a music studio but an experimental lab. It is not far  from the accelerators that physicist use to unveil the laws of the  universe. They do it with mathematics, Vangelis does it with analog  synthesizers. It is the same thing. Another thing that adds up to the  brilliance of the album and to the musical genius of Vangelis is that he  was among the first to explore this kind of  technology. He was at the  forefront of this &quot;research&quot;. Not only he mastered it well but he  became the world leader in space music.<br />I really dont have words to  describe this brilliant, inspiring, captivating music. No one deserves to  be called a music lover if he or she has not listened to this album (a  rather strong statement but its true).<br />P.S. This review applies to both  Albedo 0.39 and Spiral because these 2 albums comprise a musical entity of  Vangelis work (and not because I want to repeat myself).
6305428220|5.0|An excellent movie. It is on of my favorite movies of all time. Lots of  action and very entertaining. A great sci-fi, action, thriller.
B00000DR5I|5.0|I thought that after Vangelis' &quot;Albedo 0.39&quot; there could be no  other music/sound comparable to that. I was dissapointed by pretty much  everything else on this category besides Vangelis,Klaus Schulze and the  first two albums of Jarre.<br />Rubycon changed everything. It redefined my  point of view and made justice to a group that I disliked for a long time  because of their 90's Yanni-like elevator music.<br />Tangerine Dream, I am  really sorry, I didnt know about this work. As you have already found out I  am a very harsh reviewr when it comes to the early 70's scene of  electronic/space music. This comes from the outmost respect to the  artists/researchers that broke all conventional bonds of music and spent  countless hours of exploring the new technology and composed pioneering  music, unheard of at the time. We have to be serious when we review this  kind of music because what we are really doing is judging people that  revolutionized the concept of music and made educated listeners all around  the world to think of science, space and cosmology (at least these are the  thoughts that come to my mind when I listen to these sounds - Vangelis was  a great influence to my carreer as a particle physicist despite how  ridiculous this may sound). <br />Tangerine dream belong to this elite group  of researchers, thats what they really are, and this album is the crowning  achievement of their efforts.It is the number one on my chart and I  challenge you to listen to this music.<br /> Rubycon is a journey. It is the  analogue of what particle physicists and cosmologists do in their effort to  unveil the laws of universe. They do it with mathematics, Tangerine dream  do it with music. It is the same thing if you are open minded enough.<br />I  will not describe the music in this album.The beginning of the two tracks  pave the way for the synthesizers. 7 minutes and 17 seconds after the  beginning of Rubycon Part I the sequencer starts. Take it from there.
0446677450|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It is appropriate for someone, like myself, who is new to investing. Also, it encourages me to  teach my child  to invest when he is older. It is very repetitious, but that is necessaary  when teaching someone totally new to investing. Since my parents did not  teach anything about investing or starting my own business, this book has  been very motivational and ecouraging to me. I cannot even discuss my  investments in front of my mother because she thinks that I am going to  lose my hard earned money. But as the author repeats over and over again, I  need to make money from my assets rather than rely on earned income  exclusively. It is just the beginning to a lifetime of investing for me.
0316777722|5.0|ME TALK PRETTY ONE DAY is second only to NAKED.  It's a very funny read.
B000003TAW|5.0|It was back in 5th grade when I had first started my ventures into music  past Disney tunes. Weezer's self-titled debut was one of my introductions  next to other albums of the time &quot;Nevermind&quot; by Nirvana,  &quot;Dookie&quot; by Green Day, and &quot;The Downward Spiral&quot; by  Nine Inch Nails. While all of the three aforementioned albums were very big  influences on me musically and emotionally, none of them hit closer to home  than Weezer. I must have moved on to other music and Weezer began to  collect dust and was lost. Now upon entering 12th grade, the entire musical  scene has changed, and I've been through a lot more music that has  influenced me - OK Computer by Radiohead, Rid of Me by PJ Harvey, Post by  Bjork, Dig Me Out by Sleater-Kinney, and others. Yet a small article about  Rivers Cuomo, the lead singer of Weezer brought everything flooding back. I  immediately went out and purchased another copy of Weezer. And now I can  finally say this album is timeless. It'll always remind me of those lazy  humid summer days me and my friends spent strumming on old acoustic guitars  while watching Monty Python and arguing over Advanced Dungeons and Dragons  rules. &quot;The World Has Turned and Left Me Here&quot; reflects those  alienated times, when we felt the world was against us - stuck in the  dredges of suburbia. While I've kind of outgrown those feelings, the song  is still a beautiful display of yearning. &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; with its  charming &quot;ooh-oohs&quot; was one of those songs that left us humming  and tapping our feet. And &quot;Undone-The Sweater Song&quot; with its  ambient guitar beginning, voices streaming in and out of the conscious is  absolutely brilliant with its short phrasings. &quot;Say It Ain't So&quot;  was our geeky anthem of despair and lonelieness. We practically thought  &quot;In The Garage&quot; was written for us. Cynical and  self-depreciating, Weezer writes witty songs with an amazing pop  sensibility. This isone of those albums that I will always hold close to  heart because it basically represents my childhood in a way. Weezer is one  of those albums that will take a long time to manifest itself as a timeless  classic.
6305265666|5.0|My friend introduced me to this movie, and at first I thought to myself,  &quot;Great, another boring love story...\\"!  I was wrong!  Ever After: A  Cinderella Story, is probably the most exciting love story ever put on  video.  Drew Barrymore gives an unforgettable and captivating performance!   Meanwhile, her co-stars also play very compelling roles!<br />Anjelica Huston  plays the evil stepmother.  To my experience as a performer, this is very  hard to do, for many-a-time, you can easily over act the part, but Ms  Huston is careful not to do so.<br />Also, in this movie, there is one wicked  stepsister, while the other one is very caring and not well liked by her  mother.<br />This movie makes you believe that Cinderella, her glass slippers,  and Prince Charming really could have existed!
B00000IQBN|1.0|This film is overrated--BARRY LYNDON is all style and no substance.  I'm  glad I rented it first.   Three superior costume films: Tony Richardson's  TOM JONES, Stephen Frear's DANGEROUS LIASONS and Fred Zinnemann's A MAN FOR  ALL SEASONS.
0843178434|5.0|Researchers constantly find that reading to children is valuable in a variety of ways, not least of which are instilling a love of reading and  improved reading skills. With better parent-child bonding from reading,  your child will also be more emotionally secure and able to relate better  to others. Intellectual performance will expand as well. Spending time  together watching television fails as a substitute.<br />To help other  parents apply this advice, as a parent of four I consulted an expert, our  youngest child, and asked her to share with me her favorite books that were  read to her as a young child. Little Miss Neat was one of her picks.<br />I  was surprised that my daughter picked this book because it has some aspets  that could concern a sensitive child.  Let me explain.  Little Miss Neat  was a very tidy person.  She was really good at cleaning up her home.  Even  when she cleaned up a mess, she picked up after herself.  One day, she went  away on vacation.  Mr. Muddle came to visit while she was away, and somehow  got into the house.  He made himself some tea, and left everything in the  wrong place.  When Little Miss Neat returned, she could tell from the  misplaced items that Mr. Muddle must have visited.  A telephone call  confirms that.<br />Would your child like the idea of having someone be able  to get into your house?  I guess Mr. Muddle isn't too threatening.  In  fact, this book may subtly reduce your child's fear of unexpected  events.<br />On the other hand, the book is hilarious!  Little Miss Neat has a  real problem with compulsiveness.  My daughter used to find her very funny.  Her favorite gag was Little Miss Neat spending a whole day polishing her  suitcase.<br />Mr. Muddle is sort of a backwards fellow.  He says Good-bye  when he reaches someone on the phone, and says Hello at the end of the  conversation.  He left the teapot in the refrigerator, the milk in the  teapot, the tea in the sugar bowl, the sugar in the milk bottle, the cup in  the oven, the saucer in the breadbox, and the utensils under her cushion.  My daughter couldn't stop laughing during that sequence.<br />Overcome your  misconception that children cannot learn through humor how to overcome  their sense that all people need to be just like them.<br />Enjoy!<br />Don  Mitchellcup in  the oven, the saucer in the breadbox, and the utensils under her cushion.   My daughter couldn't stop laughing during that sequence.<br />Overcome your  misconception that children cannot learn through humor how to overcome  their sense that all people need to be just like them.  <br />Enjoy!<br />Don  Mitchell
B00003CXGG|1.0|This movie is too long for a simple story plot about two rival triad  groups trying to take revenage of each other.  Basically, each move and  each plot is so predictable and too much fighting action that was not even  needed for the scene.<br />Also the part about HK prison, it is not even  anything close to the HK prison condition.  The movie is giving people  wrong impression that HK prison condition is so brutal and inhuman, esp,  the part when Jet was hung by his leg and the prison guards were to hit him  to punish him for fighting with the guards.  The prison environment in this  film would give viewers misconception that HK prison is dirty, not hygenic,  or crowded.  But, these are not true at all.<br />All in all, this is one of  the worst on DVD i have seen so far, and not really recommend you to watch  at all.
B00003CWRX|5.0|The Insider is so engrossing that you forget that it's two and a half hours.  Russell Crowe is the future of film, he gives an amazing  performance as Jeff Wigant.  Pacino gives another stellar performance and  Michael Mann's direction is superb.  This film is so intense you do not  want to stop watching it, even for a minute.  It is scary how much money  big tobacco has and to what lengths the tobacco industries will go to keep  inside information quiet.  I find it unbelievable that this actually  happened and even more unbelievable that CBS buckled to the pressure of big  tobacco's threats.  This is scary stuff, buy it, it is well worth your  money.
B00003CWTH|5.0|I just saw it last night, and loved the movie Magnolia. The plot lines are  confusing, but you eventually see them coming together in a beautiful way.  The effect leads to amazement. It has to be one of the most original movies  out there. The peformances by the ensemble is fantastic, and they draw you  in. You might even forget that it's a movie. There was too much cursing,  though, as a side note. All of the small components leads to a breathtaking  project that fuses confusion, story-telling, emotion, sorrow, bizarreness,  plot, thought, grief, and so much more.
B000002B34|5.0|I JUST CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS ALBUM. FROM THE CLASSIC ENTRANCE OF SHINE  ON YOU CRAZY DIAMOND TO THE VERY END. THE VIDEO IS EVEN MORE ENTERTAINING.  IN MY OPINION, THERE IS NO BETTER LIVE ALBUM EVER. EVERY SONG IS SO PERFECT  AND GILMOUR'S TONE IS FLAWLESS! SO GRAB SOMETHING TO MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD AND  SIT BACK CAUSE THIS ALBUM OR VIDEO WILL TAKE FAR BEYOND.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is a magnificent album!Not alot of people would pair the greatest heavy metal band ever with a symphony but some genuis did!  &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;,&quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; and &quot;Battery&quot; really stand out as excellent to  me.This album showcases the bands true skill! &quot;It's a great day to be  alive&quot; if you're a Metallica fan.
6305537542|5.0|Violent death can stalk us anywhere, even in our own quiet little town. That's the message John Carpenter sent to the filmgoing public when he  released Halloween upon the world back in 1978. Using suspense and  atmosphere rather then blood and guts for it's scares, Halloween can be  called a 'purists horror film'. It was shot on a shoestring budget with  little to no special effects. It's just a guy in a mask stalking a  babysitter. So Why is it so powerful? For the same reason HP Lovecraft  stories are so frightening... it's setting and characters. It could easily  be you or me in this situation. Carpenter and his co-writer Debra Hill do a  good job keeping one foot in reality throughout most of the movie and  Carpenter's direction is still the most inventive and unnerving piece of  art in all of horror. This is a movie you don't watch so much as FEEL.  Carpenter's electronic score, the natural performances by Jamie Lee Curtis,  Nancy Loomis, and the late Donald Pleasence, and the brilliant  cinemotography of Dean Cundy all make Halloween what it is: the best horror  film ever to grace the screen since Psycho.
155890641X|5.0|SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS is the signature Disney masterpiece, the  beginning of a grand terdition of films from Disney.  Perhaps it is such a  gem because while this movie is watched again and again, there is always  something more to discover, to enjoy, to know, to embrace about this film.   So what is amazing to me--and probably to everyone else, too--is why it  took so long for the stiduo to release it on video.  This classic is truly  enduring; the story about the sad, crully treated Snow White; how she fled  from the Wicked Queen in order to stay alive; how she met the seven dwarfs  and became their trusted friend; and how she found her prince and lived  happily ever after.  It all is so magical.  You'll never forget it as long  as you live.
6303327982|2.0|For some strange reason this film was regarded as a cinematic masterpiece.  It has a very average plot of a psychotic couple going on a mudering  rampage and having the media making them into celebrities. What image of  American society are we supposed to be given here. It lacks originally in  scripting, cinematography and directing. The acting isn't anything special  either. Also the way they basically made the whole concept of the movie to  be a joke was very disturbing (the filmakers, not the movie). Whatever  Oliver Stone think he is achieving from this piece of trash is beyond me.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|she is not a bad singer the only reason she got to sing is because of her  body and she screams in lets get loud she is a fair actress the only time  her voice really sounds good is when she sings in spanish so jennifer sing  in spanish or take singing lesson if your going to sing in english
B0000009TT|5.0|This posthumous 3-CD release by the Zappa Family Trust - essentially, and  I use that term advisedly, an amalgamation of Zappa_In_ New_York,  Studio_Tan, Sleep_Dirt, and Orchestral_Favorites (...and yes, all 4 albums  are worth purchasing even if one already owns Lther. Or vice versa, as the  case may be) - is how Frank Zappa originally intended the aforementioned  records to be heard. Unfortunately, due to a dispute with Warner Bros., his  grandiose scheme of releasing an &quot;8-sided album&quot; was quashed.  Therefore, in December 1977, Zappa went on a local radio station, told the  audience to get their recording equipment ready, whereupon he broadcast the  album, in its entirety to an unexpecting public. Some sound bites of the  (inebriated?) &quot;bogus temporary DJ&quot; are interspersed within this  remastered album. The liner notes, a 38-page booklet, includes synopses of  the songs contained therein. An unequivocal masterpiece by a true visionary  genius!
B000002JKA|3.0|a quick note before i begin my critique: good technique means more than  being able to play 3000 notes a second.  it means the ability and knowledge  of your instrument to be able to adequately express yourself without being  bounded.  now... i must admit that unlike most of the fans i see on this  page, i do not admire this band for their technique.  sure they are quite  accomplished musicians no doubt, but this is not everything.  i must admit,  much of the music on this CD is quite interesting indeed, and they are not  afraid to orchestrate their music with synthesizers or to change time  signiatures and in general, make complex compositions which keep the  listeners interest, whereas many other metal bands fall into repetitive  cliches.  and so from this is where the three stars that i merit this CD  stem.  the lack of it being five come from two facets, first and foremost  the singer's voice.  like many other of the musicians, he seems to be quite  content to just show off his vocal range, which, while impressive, can  sometimes be grating and overwrought.  his mezzo-alto over-the-top wails do  not help the music; his voice is best used when it is more subtle, as in  the beginnings to &quot;voices&quot; and &quot;scarred.&quot;  my only  other quip with this collection is that about half the songs tend to  degenrate into pop mediocrity, as with &quot;innocence faded&quot;,  &quot;the silent man&quot;, and parts of &quot;lifting shadows off a  dream&quot;.  these boring peices tend to ruin the atmosphere, as most of  the other songs are quite interesting, as already mentioned.  not bad at  all, but not amazing either.
0805053883|5.0|This is a great book with sturdy pages (important for infants - especially teething infants) and beautiful, vibrant colors.  The relation between text  and illustration is perfect for a toddler learning about animals.  My 2  year old loves to make the animal sounds as he turns the pages.
6305903182|4.0|Wes Craven has produced another entertaining, high budget horror movie in the third of what is now a trilogy.  The film professes an end to the  sequels, but at $100 million average box office per movie, frankly I'm  skeptical.  The first three \\"Friday the 13th\\" movies didn't gross $100  million between them, and now twenty years later, they are producing number  ten.<br />This film didn't traverse any new ground, continuing from \\"Scream 2\\"  with the movie within a movie concept.  Though Craven still presents a  droll and effective story, he has stopped innovating.  He simply continues  to present us with good but jaded themes.<br />It seems the gore has been  toned down for this film, which is probably not a bad thing.  The story  answered all sorts of questions about the first film that no one had.  I  suppose they needed to create questions so they could make a movie to  answer them.  I didn't find Ehren Kruger's writing to be up to the standard  set by Kevin Williamson.  Williamson's humor was much more sophisticated  and astute whereas Kruger settled for low brow sarcastic sniping and tongue  in cheek humor.<br />The whole cast delivered a collectively enjoyable  performance, although with the paranoid and overwrought way that Sidney was  written, Neve Campbell couldn't have had much fun.  Courtney Cox was funny  and flaky as ever as Gale Weathers as was hubby David Arquette.  The rest  of the ensemble including Patrick Dempsey, Emily Mortimer, Liev Schreiber,  Scott Foley, Parker Posey and a host of other victims all did a terrific  job.<br />I enjoyed this slightly more than Scream 2, but much less than the  original.  I rated it a 7/10.  Craven's once fresh approach to horror is  still good, but it is starting to get threadbare.  If there is going to be  a fourth installment in the trilogy (would that be a quadology?), Craven  needs to get creative again and take the genre to the next level or risk  running out of gas.
0060977493|3.0|Although my own novelist wife loved the stylistic devices used in this novel, I thought the book contained some major flaws.  First, I do want to  say that it is obvious that Ms. Roy is a writer of considerable talent and  imagination, but she is not a natural storyteller a la Gabriel Garcia  Marquez.  I think she needs a little more experience and discipline, that's  all.<br />All of the characters except two were quite wooden and cardboard.   Ms. Roy certainly did not make good use of the third person subjective in  letting us into the minds and hearts of the people she wanted us to  know.<br />Also, while other, more experienced writers can, and have, gone  back and forth in time successfully (Toni Morrison springs to mind  instantly), this type of nonlinear storytelling takes much planning and  effort.  It seems as though Ms. Roy was simply not up to the  task--yet!<br />And, I thought a novel was supposed to let you know what the  story was about in the first paragraph, if not the first sentence?  When I  was reading page one hundred, I found myself thinking, &quot;But what is  the story about! &quot;<br />The stylistic devices employed were, at times,  irritating, but I could have gotten past this if only the story itself had  been compelling enough, which it just wasn't.<br />No matter how much my  gorgeous wife loved the style and tone, I find I can only give the book  three stars, and even that is pushing it!<br />I would, however, be willing to  try another book of Ms. Roy's when she gains a little more experience in  the technique of storytelling.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is the best heavy metal CD in a LONG time.  Even though I am a Metallica/Pantera/etc fan as well, it is GREAT to see one of the pioneers  of headbanging produce such a great CD!   I had pretty much lost faith in  IM after 7th Son, and thought the BD replacement sounded a bit too  fake-tough-HM-voice for me. It is hard to pick a fave from this CD - they  are ALL great songs (which is rare!) - you can tell they really took a  fresh new start on this one.  The triple lead attack works well, and Harris  is as solid as ever.  The songs vary from speed-thrash-bang to some  beautifully crafted slower ones (reminscent of 'Children of the Damned').   A MUST for IM fans (like this 41 year old one!), and great introduction for  newbies (Check out Ed Hunter too if you like this one for a decent  compilation of their career to date).
B000002UAU|5.0|SHE LOVES YOU, I WANT TO HOLD YOUR HAND, HELP, YELLOW SUBMARINE, ....WE  HAVE BECOME TO KNOW THE BEATLES AS A 3 MINUTE SONG BLASTING FROM OUR AM  RADIO....NOW IT IS JUNE 1, 1967 AND ALL OF THAT HAS CHANGED.....NEW BEATLE  MUSIC, BUT OH SO DIFFERENT....IT SURE DID TURN ALOT OF PEOPLE'S ATTENTION  TO THE CONCEPT ALBUM....AND WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT THAT IT WOULD STAND SO  TALL EVEN AFTER 30 YEARS.BUT THEN AGAIN IT WAS THE BEATLE'S AND EVERYTHING  THAT THEY DID WAS LARGER THAN LIFE ITSELF
B00003CX5A|5.0|If you have seen already the Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands and Batman, you know what to expect from this film. Those of you who haven't seen any  of Tim Burton's great films, you just have to know that he is unique in  creating this so special atmosphere, this climate of greyness, blackness,  or simply emptiness, a surreal environment which is though so full of  mystery and suspens. I know I may not be describing it the best way, but  this atmosphere is the best you'll ever experience in a movie of any kind.   Including the Sleepy Hollow. The greyness and gloom that surrounds the  village, the surreal woods, they're all adding up to what seems to be a  simple murder-solving mystery. I was also stunned by the realistic  presentation of the Headless Horseman, until I watched the movie-making  extra on the DVD, only to find out the obvious, and yet the surprising; the  Horseman's head has been &quot;cut off&quot; using computers alone! Add  that up with the fact that, not having a face to show, the Horseman actor  could rather well be a stunt man very good in handling swords and axes, and  you get a wonderfully directed mystery, with great action scenes and an  equally satisfactory ending.
0553108034|5.0|It is inevitable that the second book in a promising series would be compared to its predecessor. And I realize that not every link in the chain  can be as strong as every other link, when humans are concerned that is.  Nevertheless, I never enjoyed an opera with too many recitatives. A Clash  of Kings is good, but the narrative was not as engaging and less  streamlined than A Game of Thrones. Each episode had the same quality if  not better than A Game of Thrones, but the overall picture was fuzzier.  Meaning you'll be absolutely delighted with particular chapters but won't  like the overall book as much as A Game of Thrones.<br />Of course, this is in  comparison to one of the best modern fantasy books available, and A Clash  of Kings still have much less of the abrupt feel than any Wheel of Time  book I've read.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Slick, alternative pop - not punk. Catchy tunes and some talent. For real  punk try London Calling by the Clash - far and away a more textured and  grown-up album.
B000001E7V|4.0|this debut is stunning &amp; makes me change my attitude on Tricky, at  first i'm reluctant to check this out after listening to his later albums.
B00000269M|4.0|&quot;Bad&quot; is the downfall of Michael.The first single,&quot;I just  can't stop loving you,&quot;was refused by Whitney Houston and Barbra  Streisand.Siedah Garrett,who sounds so much like Michael on the record,was  fantastic.Siedah wrote the greatest song, &quot;Man in the Mirror.&quot;  This is  the only cut from &quot;Bad&quot; still played on radio  stations.&quot;I have to give Michael alot of credit for singing this  song,about changing yourself first.I did enjoy this album,but hardly ever  play it anymore.This would be my last Michael Jackson record.I still liked  some of his singles released,like &quot;Jam,&quot;but never bought another  CD.
B000005DQR|4.0|a real genius who knows how to &quot;make&quot; music
B0000025RI|5.0|&quot;Thriller&quot; is the greatest album ever,but look what it did to  Michael.He changed his color,nose,face,and his music was never the  same.This record deserves its place in music history as the Best ever.Its a  Masterpiece.I  think Michael Jackson should have retired after  &quot;Thriller.&quot;Everyone expected more from the artist.The only song  that doesn't belong on this album was the first release,&quot;The Girl Is  Mine.&quot; Even Paul McCartney hated it.&quot;Billie Jean&quot; is a  classic.My favorite number is &quot;Human Nature.&quot;The 5th release,and  one song Michael didn't write.He wrote the first 4 singles.  This album  wouldn't have been possible with out  Quincy Jones.Together,they made the  greatest record ever.I don't think anyone will ever come close to making an  album like &quot;Thriller.&quot;
6305078564|4.0|I agree with the handful of viewers who compared this version with the BBC  version of the late 1970s.  This one is very good, even extremely good, but  the BBC version was even better--mainly because Elizabeth Garvie simply  &quot;is&quot; Elizabeth Bennet.  It is hard to imagine anyone performing  the role better.  Her eyes convey more emotion than most people can show  with their entire bodies.  It is also more faithful to the book, and does  not include scenes not in the book--Darcy swimming, fencing etc., Mr.  Collins showing up to &quot;condole&quot; the Bennets because of their  youngest daughters elopement.  However, I think Colin Firth was, overall, a  better Darcy than David Rintoul by a considerable margin (with only on  exception, the surprise meeting of Darcy and Elizabeth in Derbyshire--an  electrifying moment in the BBC version).  Unfortunately the VHS version of  the BBC performance cuts out a wonderful scene between Elizabeth and  Darcy's sister, in the original TV showing. My recommendation, any Jane  Austin lover should have both--Pride and Prejudice may well be the best  novel ever written.
B00003CXDV|4.0|Honestly I hate Star Trek (my dad's a big fan). I thought I was going to hate this movie with a purple passion, but when my brother ordered it on  pay-per view I was surprised. I actually liked it! It tells the story about  actor's from a popular old TV show. None of the cast is happy about the  Captin's ability to steal the spotlight... every time! And when there TV  show life, turns into a reality there put up against a great challenge. Can  they work together to save a dying race? <br />If found this movie to be very  funny. Tim Allen once again delivers a great performence. If you like Star  Trek or not watch this one!
6302800420|3.0|This movie is a good one for those rainy Saturday nights when you have nothing to do and can curl up with someone you love and have a few good  laughs.  I must be honest, I am not generally a Dustin Hoffman fan, but if  I had to say, I'd rate this movie as one of his best.  It raises an  interesting question, &quot;What does a guy do who's down on his luck, does  something desperate and, afterwards, when common sense reigns again, he  finds that he can't back out of the choice he has made without ruining his  life?&quot;  This is basically the idea behind this movie, and Hoffman does  an incredible job as the nervous, slightly overbearing, not-so-slightly  arrogant theater teacher who is forced into an unbelievable set of  circumstances as a result of his rather unorthodox method of finding work.   There is some absolutely priceless interplay between the characters here.   This movie really makes one wonder what one values in a relationship --  platonic or otherwise. Have I intrigued you enough?  Final analysis: Like I  said, this is one of Hoffman's best, and a great suggestion if you wanted  to rent a comedy over the weekend, but unless you enjoy some very  fast-paced, sitcom-like humor in your movies, this is not one to see twice.
0064471837|5.0|Set in modern times, this book tells the story of Sabriel's life journey to find her father. But to do so she has to travel back into the old kingdom, where you're only guard is charter Magic and necromancy. But the  problem is, whoever has her father, dosen't want him to be found. Sabriel  is risking her life daily, and everything changes when she meets Moggart, a  strange cat that can speek. And after a failed flight on a paperwing she  finds a statue of a man, that looks all too real. I loved this book and if  you like ther supernatural you'll definatly like this one!
B00004TJKB|5.0|I find this film to be one of the most inspirational movies that I have ever seen.  It gives me hope in human nature and the future of our society.   If Bill Murray's character is a mirror of humanity, then our current  social climate isn't so terrible; it's just a phase that we are going  through.  As bad as things may get, the path to a more mature state of mind  is inevitable -- given enough time.  It shows that the rewards gained from  insincere and immoral behavior pale next to those returned from sincerity  and kindness.  It also points out that we have opportunities every day to  have a positive impact on those around us as well as ourselves.  These  messages shine through clearly to me every time I see this movie.  <br />Aside  from the philosophical mumbo-jumbo, I thought this was a very entertaining  movie.  Bill Murray and Andie MacDowell really brought their characters and  the plot to life.  It has the right mixture of an interesting plot, humor,  and romance to appeal to a wide variety of audiences.  If you haven't  already, do yourself a favor and watch this movie.<br />Does anyone else  wonder how many times Phil Conners relived Groundhog Day in this movie?   I'm sure it has to be measured in years if not decades.  After all, he  knows every one in the town, he learned how to ice-sculpt and play the  piano, he apparently spent six months practicing throwing cards into a hat,  and he went from being an arrogant, cynical jerk to a caring, sincere, and  humble person. That must have taken some serious time.
B000023VR6|5.0|If you like rap with some hip hop you'll like this cd.... Every song is  good... Even the skits are funny.... This is by far Dr Dre's best cd in my  eyes.... if you don't believe me listen to it.
B00000JH09|5.0|System of a down combines hard metal rifts with a sort of Social-Political message behind the music. Spiders by far stands out as one of the best  track on the album. I would compare them to be as good as such bands as  coal chamber, static-x, and slipknot to name a few. Love to see what will  come out next...
6305311463|1.0|What a terrible movie.  Sorry, folks, but you can defend thisfilm as a &quot;mindless, popcorn flick&quot; all you want ... It's not just the stupid, improbable plot that ruins this movie.  The editing is the worst in recent memory.  The longest a single shot ever seems to last is about three seconds.  If this is the filmmakers' way of preserving some sort of fluidity, they have failed.  It just gives the viewer a terrible headache.  Asteroids hurtle towards Earth, a corny Aerosmith song starts blasting out of nowhere (the sky, I presume), our heroes play childishly with animal crackers, and by the time it's all over, we have established no emotional connection, just a vengeful hate for these characters and a strong desire to see them die in horrible ways.  How about that ending?  It made me cry, but tears of laughter I feel were not the intended affect.  The last time such an irritating cast was assembled for such an idiotic rampage of a movie would probably have to be the last Bruckheimer production.  The fact that [the movie] received the Criterion treatment is truly sad. My hate for this &quot;popcorn flick&quot; runs deep, obviously.  I pray to God that another movie as bad as this one isn't made any time soon.  If that happens, I wouldn't be surprised to see armageddon on this planet as a form of punishment.
B00004RF98|5.0|Singin' in the Rain is an interesting movie because not only is it a musical, a comedy,  but a history lesson, that includes a love story.  Because of these qualities, Singin' is different from many previous musical  movies making it entertaining without being obvious that this is a  Hollywood 101 class. It is very unusual in that MGM makes fun of itself as  a film company, and the top star Don Lockwood played by Gene Kelly also  gives it the Hollywood touch by reminiscing not quite truthfully, that it  was pure talent that brought him to the Chinese Theater, not pure luck.<br />      Because of the humor the film is easily digested, without a laugh or  two, Singin' would have been too long drawn out for the average audience  such as myself to sit through without fidgeting.          In this movie we  have all the typical characters that make up a film. Jean Hagen's character  Lina Lamont is played perfectly as the dumb blonde because of her weakness  of  mastering the English language, but she is not quite so silly as we  expect, when she realizes the value of lawyers and her contract. In this  character we can see Marilyn Monroe, Jayne Mansfield, and Carol Lombard  They were not so dumb but on the other hand I don't think they had much to  say when it came to controlling their parts or their lives. I believe John  Gilbert was a victim of sound. After all his swashbuckling activities on  the screen, he rapidly became unfavorable because of his squeaky voice that  didn't match up to his masculine roles.<br />    Although the film is a  musical comedy, this history lesson on the transition of silent movies to  sound, is very interesting and although slightly exaggerated is not far  from the truth. On the other hand looking at films that were made before  sound such as those starring Charlie Chaplin, it took a lot of talent to  affect the audience, they either cried or were angry leaving the cinema and  that was without microphones. Looking back to the time that Singin' is  portrayed, late twenties, with the very clever but crude way they recorded  sound and its playback, it must have been very exciting visiting the cinema  then. It's understandable why musicals were so popular because mainly the  seats were inexpensive compared to attending an opera, a West End, or  Broadway extravaganza. In those days cinemas were cozy with thick carpeting  and comfy seats, not composite plastic, and of course the refreshments and  cigarettes being served during the intermission gave one something to look  forward to.<br />    I noticed that they didn't go short on the makeup in this  film, Gene Kelly hardly has a wrinkle and in 1952 he was forty years old.  Being the director, dancer, choreographer, and actor he had the power to  make himself as young as he wanted to be. I don't know how tall he was but  I don't believe he was taller than Fred Astaire, and granted Kelly is a  terrific dancer he isn't as smooth and easy looking as Astaire. One trick  they play in this film to make him look longer, he is dressed in short  jackets or pullovers that hardly fall below his waistline making his lower  body more sleeker, Fred didn't need this special effect.<br />    It seems  strange now, but when they did make silent films as shown in Singin', the  cast and crew were able to carry on a conversation, the director shouting  out instructions, move props around, and serve refreshments while the film  was being recorded, a very casual approach in those days.<br />    All in all  Singin' is a film that will still be popular in this new century. It  represents a very well thought out movie, it stars very talented people,  Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, Debbie Reynolds, Cyd Charrise, and Jean Hagen  who plays her part perfectly, and it is an icon when one thinks of a  Hollywood musical, especially Gene's Singin' and Dancing in the Rain  routine.   Although Malcolm MacDowell  in Clockwork Orange does take some  beating, literally.
0064471837|5.0|This book was probably the best book I've ever read.  It was easy to get lost in it and not be be able to find your way out for hours!  The plot was  excellent, and kinda mysterious.  Sabriel was just really intriging.  Just  to let you know this is coming from a 15 year olds point of view.  I first  read the book last year and have been reading Garth Nix ever since!
6303314015|5.0|The Lion King is one of the best and most wounderful movies I have ever  seen. And It is so much better then The Lion King II Simbas Pride. This  movie can bring the whole family togather. It is great for young children  trust me I loved it when I was 5 or 6 when I came out. It also has the best  and most beautiful songs. Bye It Today, in that matter buy it NOW!!!!!
6302797586|5.0|This is a wonderful movie.  I read the book years before the movie came out and I always believed the movie would never be as good as the book.  I  was stunned by the accurate portrayal of Leon Uris's manuscript.  Please  lower the price.  I check often to see if the price has gone down.  Surely  the studio is not making any money at this price.  Drop the price to $50  and I will be the first to buy.
0788805843|5.0|I Loved This Movie. Whats wroung with you people who hate it just because  it is myth____ incroect. Who cares the only thing important is that you  have fun wathing it. Ok Anna, Lets get back to the review, Anyway I would  tell you the whole story but that would take a long time and I would get  off trak and there would be no point in watching it because I would have  told the whole story, see I get off trak alot. I think this movie is great  for little kids because it is funny and you learn form this movie that you  can do any thing you set your mind to. Just look at Hercules he went from a  little slim frek to a muscular hero.
B000002H33|5.0|If your confused and think that limp bizkit or static-x is heavy metal your wrong. They are what I like to call wannabee metal. All they do is  scream and play the same two notes over and over again. MASTER OF PUPPETS  is real heavy metal.
6302409365|5.0|I am a fan of movies that can be watched for fun again and again.  I find both Addams family movies (with this same cast) up there with my favorite  fun movies (Princess Bride, Ferris Bueller) and they are always there to  bring a smile to a boring day.<br />Morticia and Gomez are played very well.   Gomez is contagiously energetic and Morticia has such memorable lines  (&quot;Don't torture yourself Gomez, that's my job&quot;) that just seem to  emit from her character.  I have long been a Christina Ricci fan and she  looks and plays the part to perfection as does Jimmy Workman.  I am also a  huge Christopher Lloyd fan and seeing him in Fester was wonderful.  I do  prefer Carol Kane (Princess Bride - Valerie) over this movie's  grandma.<br />This is a delightful movie that just keeps you smiling and I  highly recommend it for those boring days when you just are in the mood for  a &quot;fun&quot; movie.
B000021XR5|1.0|What on earth happened to grunge?  This is 11 tracks of high-pitched whining vocals and guitar riffs even worse than on STP's previous albums!   If you want grunge, look elsewhere. Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, screaming  trees, pearl jam (especially 'ten')... If you want grunge from california  (why?) check out Candlebox.  If you don't want grunge go listen to A  Perfect Circle... but if you don't want grunge why are you even looking at  this album?  STP's previous albums are slightly better (3 stars maybe?)  with 2 excellent songs in 'sex type thing' and 'big bang baby,' but they  don't compare to the real thing.  Everyone just go buy 'ten' and 'Jar of  Flies'!  You'll be happy you did.
B00000J2SO|4.0|Graham Bonet was the 2nd Rainbow singer, replaced DIO in 1979. the whole songs are excellent and cool.  PS: Since you been gone, since you been gone  I am out my head cant take it,....could I be wrong, but since you been  gone, you got to spell of freak it...woahhhh...ever since you been gone!
0425107469|5.0|Watchers is the best piece of fiction to ever hit the horror aisle. Buy  this one for the person who hates reading and you'll change their life.  It's the best book of the 20th century that never was made into a  movie.[There is a &quot;movie&quot; out there that claims to be based on  this masterpiece but it has none of the same characters or locations and  the story is IN NO WAY recognizable as WATCHERS. avoid this  &quot;movie&quot; or you will fall down to Hell with those who brought it  up from Hell in the first place.] SCARY, SMART and FUN ,the book is a joy.  The only thing wrong with this &quot;tail&quot; of A GUY down on his luck  who finds a genetically altered super GENIUS DOG who is being chased by a  MONSTER and hunted by a SERIAL KILLER is that it had to end. As far  &quot;fetch&quot;ed as the story seems from my last run on sentence, by the  end of the book I think you'll agree.....It could happen.
6302800420|5.0|TOOTSIE is the tale of Michael Dorsey, a brilliant New YorkCity actor who is unemployable, because he is so disagreeable to work with. In a desperate act to get work he disguises himself as Dorothy Michaels, an older Southern woman, and lands a job in a soap opera. Soon he finds not only is he a better person as a woman, but he is falling in love with his costar, played by Jessica Lange.<br />TOOTSIE has a complex and superb script, and great performances all around. Bill Murray is a standout as Hoffman's writer/roomate, as is Sydney Pollack who cast himself as the troublesome actor's agent, who has to cope with his client's antics. Also, surprisingly, TOOTSIE's cinematography is very expressive and of a high quality.<br />The real highlight of TOOTSIE is not Dustin Hoffman in a dress, but rather the film's complex messages. One thing TOOTSIE comment's on is society's resentment of powerful or assertive women, and how meeker or more submissive women are often times used and taken advantage of. The film also relates how unattractive women are usually overlooked by men, because they are judged physically and not by their personalities.<br />TOOTSIE is a film that is leaps and bounds ahead of MRS. DOUBTFIRE, highly enjoyable, and very watchable too.   END
B0000017CA|5.0|this is a great cd Acid Bath is one of the best metal bands to me the crew  has talent thats all it is to that .see mike and dax have a other band  called agents of oblivion if u didnt know that agents are not as hard but  still good.sammy is in two bands  if u didnt know  crowbar and goatwhore  well i have to say buy this cd
B000002W9P|4.0|Although these folks are assumed queers, they sound great. Fast melodic  metal with good solos and intense vocals. Keeper 1 contains Helloween's  most complex song: Halloween (with A instead of E). Essential speed/melodic  metal album. BUT they (the band) are still ridiculous... &quot;A world  that's full of love&quot; is too much for me....
B00000J7JO|5.0|I am an avid CD collector and this is by far the best cd I have ever  owned.  It is like having a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; CD.  I am very  impressed and I highly recommend that you buy this CD.  Each and every song  gives something different.  My personal favorites are, &quot;Around the  world&quot;, &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;, &quot;Otherside&quot;,  &quot;Californication&quot;, and &quot;Easily&quot;.  This CD is the  ultimate album.  Buy to see what I mean......
0679441018|5.0|Anne Rice provides us an interesting version of the Genesis, told by Satan himself. Lestat is guided by Memnoch (Satan) through the old times, where  he meets God and talks to him. This is a &quot;powerful&quot; book, for it  deals with a delicate subject. In fact, Anne is right about one thing:  Christian society is taught only one point of view about the CREATION. Why  can't the &quot;evil&quot; version be the right one? Also, the descriptions  of heaven and hell are amazing, astonishing, astounding!  ESSENTIAL  READING !
0385484518|5.0|Mitch, and Morrie, have dared to share something special with us, but  finding the words to describe it does not come easy.  It is not just that  they shared closeness and tenderness. It is not just that they shared their  love for one another.  They have moved beyond the meaning of these words.   Mitch and Morrie shared a connection that is at once thoroughly human and  exceedingly rare.  Their story is about what being human is supposed to be  - connecting, relating, becoming more with you than I could ever be by  myself.<br />Read this book in a quiet place.  Take tissues.  And when you're  finished, get up and tell someone how much you care about them.
0780631153|3.0|Alright. Here's the deal. Paul Thomas Anderson is today's greatest filmaker. But Magnolia is not his best film. Sure, he crams it with dozens  of carefully contrived characters, sweeps the camera across every shot and  pumps the movie with a fine soundtrack. You get the feeling, however, that  Magnolia is simply Anderson's answer to Nashville, Robert Altman's  signature flick. But, aside from a terrific opening sequence, Magnolia is  flatter than a opened can of ginger ale. And Julianne Moore? Sorry, didn't  buy her performance for a second. And while Tom Cruise looks convincing as  a slimy, how-to-pick-up-hotties guru, his character's sheer vileness works  against any sympathy the audience may build for him. Of course, I'd be  bonkers if I didn't offer a tip of the hat at the ending. Loved the frogs.  So I dunno. Anderson thrilled me with Hard Eight, and blew me away with  Boogie Nights. But Magnolia offers too much indulgence, too much character  acting  too much, really, of all the fancy stuff  but not enough of the  core elements that make a good film truly great.
0767851900|4.0|Hey, from a teenager's point of view it was a really good movie.  I found  it kind of long, but it's defitenly worth the wait, the end is defitenly  the best part.  I absolutely love it when Alanis Morsiette portrays God.   Defitenly a must-see!! :)
B00004SCX6|2.0|When will it end? Cookie cutter blondes, baring their midriffs and singing about the SAME repetitious issues. What has the world of pop music evolved  into?<br />Britney's got catchy tunes, well at least her song writers do.  She's got dance moves, but the real question should be, can she sing? Well  the album thoroughly answers my inquiry. Oops! ..I did it again is compiled  of a manufactured, studio mixed voice, overproduced, clich songs, not  written by the artist herself (except for the sappy and sugary Dear Diary).  The songs obviously aren't original, and they show no signs of creativity  and individuality. And an injustice of the album is the cover of  Satisfaction by the Rolling Stones. Although I am not really a fan of the  Rolling Stones, they are a legend, and Britney is no where near them.  <br />Her weak voice cannot be disguised throughout the album, and the  comparability to her last album is laughable. I'm not saying that all the  songs are not listenable. Most are just<br />forgettable and not worth a  second listen. But some are extremely catchy, and have good beats. The  better of the songs are Stronger and Lucky. But the lyrics are horrible and  demeaning. What are the messages and examples she's sending? Well,  obviously she's not good at setting examples anyway. <br />So my main point  is, the world of music is slowly deteriorating, and Britney Spears'  overproduced pop is evidence of it. Real talent has been replaced by clich  music and mechanical voices and blondes who don't write their own music.  It's obviously your choice, but this album wasn't anything special, and not  really anything original or creative, just familiar songs, and shallow  lyrics.
B000002UAR|5.0|The Beatles' overall achievement is rivaled by no one.  In a course of  only seven years, they produced 12 and  albums (I don't count [[ASIN:B0025KVLUG Yellow Submarine]] as a full album), one of which was a double album, and enough  independent singles to make up two other albums.  Very prolific, and the  single most important band ever to grace the rock'n'roll scene.  There is  countless debates on what is their most important, but to me every one of  those albums from \\"Rubber Soul\\" on (excepting \\"Yellow Submarine\\") is a  self-contained masterpiece.<br /><br />That being said, \\"Revolver\\" gives us the most  balanced view of The Beatles that we ever get.  Everything that made The  Beatles great is here in the right proportions.  We have the three tracks  of Harrison, including an Indian song of his, we have the ultimate Ringo  song (everyone should know what song I'm talking about here), we have  Paul's melodious love songs that would overwhelm his solo career, and we  have the standard Lennon experimentation.  On no other record do we get  such a clear picture of what each Beatle brought into the equation.  Everyone of them shine for their individual talents.  The direct opposite  of this is [[ASIN:B0025KVLU6 The White Album]], when The Beatles were in the process of  breaking up.<br /><br />In terms of artistic growth (remember, this was released  almost a year after Help!, which was released August 6, 1965 and this  August 5, 1966) we knew The Beatles were onto something.  It foreshadows  everything that will happen on [[ASIN:B0025KVLTM Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band]], and is as important as its  successor.  And in terms of what made The Beatles great, this is the record  to go too, because it gives you the most balanced view of the most  important band in rock'n'roll history.
B00000K2SC|5.0|When I saw this movie for the first time I was shocked. I couldn't believe that some man could do such a great thing. I have seen this film in the  cinema for three times and then I bought a cassete and watched it at least  10 times before I got satisfied just a little and could think about  anything else accept this film. It's ideas are just great and the film is  worth watching it for several times. I hope you will like it the way I do  it now.
0792148061|4.0|I am a 15/f. I have seen Grease a bunch of times. It never fails to make me laugh. The crazy songs, the charactors, it is all sooo great ! I would  recommend this movie to people of all ages. By the way, in my opinion, the  sequel is NOT as good as the original.
B000009HF2|5.0|Man, if I could sum up in just three words 70's music, and live  recordings, FRAMPTON COMES ALIVE would be the Pinnacle. Yes, the top of it  all. From Baby I Love Your Way, Show Me The Way, and all the others, that  took Frampton to the top, are on this one. This is THE 70's album in my  opinion. When I think of the 70's, this one comes to mind. It has stood the  test of time, over 20 years. Great music never dies, it  just gets better  as years go by, and this is  the one that will always get better....
0440234743|1.0|The book was very unrealistic. The main character, a drunk lawyer, is  unable to solve his drinking problem by the use of spiritual principles  suggested in 12 step programs; however, he solves his problem by merely  accepting some trite religious dogma which has consistently failed to work  with drunks.<br /> Do your research John!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is a brilliant film, on a brilliant DVD. The 2 discs contain a lot of extras including 4 commentaries on the first disc. On the second  disc it has trailers, TV spots,17 vignettes with multi angle and  commentaries, deleted scenes and loads more. The packaging is excellent and  the picture and audio are superb! The film may not be liked by every one  because it is so different to other films and this is why I liked it. There  is violence but not as much as I thought there would be. It even comes with  a booklet which contains bad comments it received from newspapers. What  other film would do that? The end has a excellent twist and if you work it  out before hand, you're a genius!Overall, this is DVD that should be in  your collection.
B000020617|4.0|I may not be an expert on the Foo Fighters or music in general, but I know what I like- &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; is a really well-written song,  &quot;Breakout&quot; is just plain awesome, and I really like the song  &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot; (nice melody). The rest of the songs are pretty  good- they're not too hard or &quot;out there&quot;, if you know what I  mean. I really haven't listened to the album enough to get the whole  picture, but I would recommend this cd to anyone who liked &quot;Learn to  Fly&quot; and &quot;Breakout&quot;
B00004THAY|4.0|This recording sounded good at first listening, and got better with each  play. A well-balanced song selection predominates: some new material, some  old favorites, some extended slow blues workouts, and two acoustic takes  make for a varied program. This is Eric Clapton's album, focused and  disciplined through BB King's music and signature guitar/vocal style. These  old dogs have plenty of great tricks to display (they both know so many  tricks, they don't have to learn new ones) as they play for each other and  their audience. As usual, Clapton delivers the goods with his marvelous  guitar playing; if you're a fan/devotee, this album is indispensable.  Clapton can rerecord a song as often as he wants; he is so inventive and  creative, and can wring so much new meaning out of each interpretation,  that I want to hear it--over and over. This album is a special treat for  listeners with high-resolution high fidelity playback systems.
B00000DG1R|5.0|and isn't that what it's all about- enjoying the songs? Okay, some of them are questionable (at least to me)...but The Reflex, A View To a Kill,  Ordinary World (okay, you've heard it a million times, but it's still a  beautiful song), Rio, Hungry Like the Wolf, Girls on Film, Planet Earth,  Electric Barbarella, and Come Undone. Some of the other songs are so-so,  and some of them are a little strange for my tastes, but I would definitely  recommend this cd! (By the way, you don't have to be &quot;old&quot; to  like this type of music- I'm 16 years old, and I think the bands from the  80's were awesome!)
158234082X|2.0|I studied with Madelaine Kamman in Newton Centre, Ma. who had the only  great restruant at that time, she and Enzo Danesi changed the way Boston  wanted to eat when dining out, in the 70's, you could wait 3 months to get  a reservation in her sparkling, clean,restruant. I marveled at her ability  to give the customer very good food, no leftovers and most of it fresh that  day. Pates',some desserts, normally carried to next day, like a cake or  frozen sorbet. I was there over a period of three years and know how great  a chef she was and is.  Sally LaRhette
B000002UWW|4.0|Overall, I hardly ever listen to this cd. I bought it because I LOVED Californication and BSSM...WRONG- they're definitely different cds. I'm not  saying this one is bad- it's just DIFFERENT. If you like the older RHCP  stuff, from Mother's Milk, Feaky Styley, etc, I definitely recommend this!
6301008960|5.0|Amusing story of a nerdy high school student Ronald Miller (Patrick  Dempsey) who discovers that becoming popular isn't the greatest thing in  the world. After she accidentally ruins her mother's suede dress with some  wine, Cyndi, the most popular girl at school (played wonderfully by Amanda  Petersen) will do anything to replace it before her mother gets back from  her trip.<br />Enter Ronald. After seeing her desperate attempt to replace the  dress at the mall, Ronald makes a deal with Amanda. He'll use the money  that he has earned all summer by mowing lawns to buy a new dress, in return  for Amanda's help in turning him to Mr. popularity.<br />Along the way, Ronnie  learns lessons about the true value of having real friends, and towards the  end of the movie Ronald discovers that he is still himself. <br />This film,  which is no longer produced by Touchstone Video (a division of the Disney  Corporation) features many couple of stars before they hit it big. Gerardo,  the Latin-singing star who scored a one-hit wonder with &quot;Rico  Suave,&quot; plays one of the football jocks in the film. However, the real  scene-stealer in this film is Seth Green (&quot;Austin Powers&quot;;  &quot;Buffy the Vampire Slayer&quot; &quot;Can't Hardly Wait&quot;) who  plays Ronald's annoying, yet hysterical little brother, Chuckie. By taking  a look at Seth in this past role you can understand why he is such a big  star today. He is always a trip when it comes to comedic performances.<br />I  loved this film for many reasons, but I think the most memorable scene in  this film probably has to be Ronald learning an African dance he saw on  television (he thought he was watching &quot;American Bandstand&quot;).  After learning it, Ronald performs it at the big dance, not knowing that it  would become a huge hit. <br />This film ranks among the 10 best teenage  comedies produced in the 1980's. Let's only hope that it will be  re-released on video and DVD in the near future.
B000001FTJ|5.0|The best Tom's album.  Full of energy. &quot;Johnsburg, Illinois&quot; and &quot;Rainbirds&quot; are among my favourite songs.  They are simple and  beautiful.  I wish I could do things like that.
6301008960|5.0|Amusing story of a nerdy high school student Ronald Miller (Patrick  Dempsey) who discovers that becoming popular isn't the greatest thing in  the world. After she accidentally ruins her mother's suede dress with some  wine, Cyndi, the most popular girl at school (played wonderfully by Amanda  Petersen) will do anything to replace it before her mother gets back from  her trip.<br />Enter Ronald. After seeing her desperate attempt to replace the  dress at the mall, Ronald makes a deal with Amanda. He'll use the money  that he has earned all summer by mowing lawns to buy a new dress, in return  for Amanda's help in turning him to Mr. popularity.<br />Along the way, Ronnie  learns lessons about the true value of having real friends, and towards the  end of the movie Ronald discovers that he is still himself. <br />This film,  which is no longer produced by Touchstone Video (a division of the Disney  Corporation) features many couple of stars before they hit it big. Gerardo,  the Latin-singing star who scored a one-hit wonder with &quot;Rico  Suave,&quot; plays one of the football jocks in the film. However, the real  scene-stealer in this film is Seth Green (&quot;Austin Powers&quot;;  &quot;Buffy the Vampire Slayer&quot; &quot;Can't Hardly Wait&quot;) who  plays Ronald's annoying, yet hysterical little brother, Chuckie. By taking  a look at Seth in this past role you can understand why he is such a big  star today. He is always a trip when it comes to comedic performances.<br />I  loved this film for many reasons, but I think the most memorable scene in  this film probably has to be Ronald learning an African dance he saw on  television (he thought he was watching &quot;American Bandstand&quot;).  After learning it, Ronald performs it at the big dance, not knowing that it  would become a huge hit. <br />This film ranks among the 10 best teenage  comedies produced in the 1980's. Let's only hope that it will be  re-released on video and DVD in the near future.
B00004U3UG|3.0|ARMY OF DARKNESS, IS BY FAR A CULT CLASSIC. BUT IT'S WAY TO DARK FOR DVD.  THE MOVIE ALONE IS AWESOME,BUT THE QUALITY OF THE FILM IS WAY TO POOR IN  SOME PARTS OF THE MOVIE. I RECOMMEND THE REGULAR VERSION OF THIS FILM. THE  SOUND IS GOOD, BUT IT SHOUDL'VE BEEN MORE FOR DVD. IT SHOULD OF HAD THX, OR  DTS ATTACHED TO IT. I WAS SO EXCITED TO GET THIS MOVIE, BUT NOW I THINK  I'LL TRADE IT IN FOR THE BASIC VERSION. ALL THE EXTRA'S WITH THE DVD, LIKE  THE ADDITIONAL FOOTAGE AND ALTERNATE ENDING IS A VERY GOOD ADDITION TO THIS  TITLE. IT'S NO, &quot;MATRIX OR INDEPENDENCE DAY AS FAR AS SOUND GOES. I  CAN SEE WHY THEY CUT ALL THE FOOTAGE OUT, IT WASN'T NEEDED AS FAR I CAN  SEE. I DON'T WANT TO SPOIL IT FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO ARE INTERESTED,..RENT IT  FIRST AND THEN YOU DECIDE IF IT'S WORTH IT. IF YOU EXCUSE ME, I HAVE TO GO  GET THE BASIC VERSION OF..ARMY OF DARKNESS. THANK YOU....
6305308659|5.0|Pleasantville uses an interesting story line to project a social commentary on the narrowmindednsess of small towns and the lack of color of  biggotry. Our heros deal with their own personal issues as well as  educating the community in a flowing story-line which never loses sight of  the fact that this story was meant to entertain.  While the precept of the  movie could have been handled simply, it progressed smoothly and with  meaning and movement.
0486408434|5.0|I'm ashamed to admit that this wasn't the first card trick book I ever  bought. This book walks you through every amateur sleight of hand any  card-magician-to-be could ever hope to learn with a bounty of helpful  illustrations, along with very deep text. While some of it is a little  difficult to wade through, it is well worth the effort. The tricks, with  rare exception, are excellent, and the way in which they are taught is very  user-friendly. Instead of teaching seven or eight sleights of hand at once,  this book teaches you one, then a few tricks using that sleight. Then it  teaches you another, and then some more tricks.<br />If you're just looking  into card magic for the very first time, or are an advanced magician, this  book will prove to be both fun and informative - a must have.
B0000039PW|5.0|This CD is a must have for any Hip Hop Fan, This is one of the few CD's I would not let anyone borrow (Sorry Ma). The cd is just.....There isn't a  word to describe it. My personal favorites are  &quot;warning&quot;,&quot;juicy&quot;,&quot;thangs done  change&quot;,&quot;unbelievable&quot;, and &quot;ready to die&quot;. This  CD is the best one to come out in the 90's. To simply put, Get your wallet  and go order it!
B00004T9UF|5.0|so funny--- the bestest--- no better way to spend your time then to be  listening to some hot guy rippin on boy/girl groups and everyone else he  rips on--- i love him--- this cd rox!
B00000JCOV|1.0|Quite possibly one of the worst cd's I ever listened to.They dont compare with slayer.At least slayer knows more than 3 chords.Kinda reminds you of  korn  but even more childish than them.I dont want to lead you wrong but I  gave this cd away to a friend who in turn gave it to someone else.It's sad  you have to wear masks,curse and bawl that we can't judge you.Ill judge  them..losers
6305428557|5.0|If you like British humor, you will like this movie!  Hugh Grant is his  usual charming self and the movie has a cute premise.  You can't take it  too seriously but it is funny and will win you over.  Also, the scenery is  beautiful - the countryside of Wales is really lovely.  So just relax and  have a good time!!
0784010188|5.0|Terminator 2: Judgment Day gets five stars out of five for  creativity, special effects, and Sci Fi. Terminator 2 is one of  the fewer seuqels that  are better than the orignal. Good movie, surprised how it was made from a  cheap movie company Artisan Entertainment who made The Blair Witch Project  and Jerry Springer Ringmaster. The audio and vedio are like nothing you  have seen before, but I wouldn't say that the Terminaotr is better than  Robocop because he isn't, and Robocop could probably beat the Terminator.  Also T3 is heading to theaters 2002 and all I know is that it takes place  in the future and that there is a female Terminator.
0425129586|5.0|I found this book to be and Excellent read and the plot was first-rate  gripping stuff but it was strange how this was very different to Agatha  Christie's other works, because while other books come together like jigsaw  puzzles in this anyone could be the killer and there is no logical way to  'guess' the culprit.
1559408898|5.0|Robocop gets five stars out of five for action, violence, and Science  Fiction. This film is truly a classic, and is very enjoyable to watch, even  better than the Termiantor. The sequels proved to be better. The second one  was the most violent, and might of been rated NC-17, the third one shows a  big change in the sereis that goes to violent, mean and ugly to fun, and  action. All of the Robocop movies were good the audio and vedio are the  best, and I recommend you buy this instead of rent it.
6304765231|5.0|This movie was a great watch.  The shots (no pun intended) and angles were great,  and the script was well written.  This was one of the few movies  that actually made me care about the characters because they were well  developed.  This is the best movie to ever be adapted from a comic book,  and it stays true to the comic's style, unlike &quot;Batman&quot;, which  wasn't like the comic book.  One more comment, this is about the amazon  editorial reviewer saying that &quot;Dark City&quot; was a superior  follow-up.  &quot;Dark City&quot; was one of the most dissapointing movies  I have ever seen.  I expected the director to do something better with it  after &quot;The Crow&quot;, but the movie was horrible.  Get &quot;The  Crow&quot; on DVD, the sound and picture quality are great, and it's  widescreen. Great film, I can't praise it enough.
052594527X|4.0|Art lovers, and particularly Vermeer lovers, have been so lucky this year to have had two &quot;Vermeer novels&quot; available at the same time!  And  both of them are wonderful!  Some debate has appeared on the Amazon pages  for the two books--Girl with a Pearl Earring by Tracy Chevalier and Girl in  Hyacinth Blue by Susan Vreeland--as to which book is &quot;better,&quot;  a  debate likely to continue.  Both books are short, both are extremely well  written, both involve a hypnotizingly seductive Vermeer painting, and both  tell of the influence of the painting on the lives of the main characters.<br />In Girl With A Pearl Earring, author Chevalier focuses her literary  microscope on Griet, a maid in the Vermeer household who becomes an  assistant to the painter.  Griet is a young woman who maintains her  integrity despite the turbulence and social pressures to which she is  subjected in the household.  Life in Delft and in this family during the  time of the painting is replete with petty jealousies, economic pressures,  class distinctions, religious  differences, and political and social  uncertainty, and Griet has to navigate her way through this milieu. It is  through her character and domestic situation that one comes to know Vermeer  and his painting.<br />Girl in Hyacinth Blue, on the other hand, is not a  &quot;character novel.&quot;  Here the author does not zero in on one  character or even the painting as an end in itself. Instead, Vreeland takes  a broader, more global view, using the history of a hitherto undiscovered  Vermeer painting to work backward from the present to the painting's  inception in Delft.  The &quot;story&quot; here is a careful tracing of  themes--the relationship between personal love and responsibility to  mankind in general, the role of art in the lives of ordinary people, and  what constitutes lasting value both in art and in human interactions. In  seven or eight chapters we see how the painting has affected the lives of  its various owners.<br />Ultimately, comparing these beautifully wrought  novels is like comparing pearl earrings to hyacinths.  Both are gorgeous;  each is unique.various owners.<br />Ultimately, comparing these beautifully wrought  novels is like comparing pearl earrings to hyacinths.  Both are gorgeous;  each is unique.
158234082X|2.0|A word of advice for potential readers..This is well and truly an 83 page book..Lots of input and insight, plus good down and dirty info about the  places we pay to dine in...then it's just downhill and repetitious til the  last overdone adjective. The points are made early...drugs, obscene  language,etc. and any grownup reader will find himself yawning and  wondering what happened to a great beginning...too bad..love the  restaurant, tho.And, I wish that alot of the chef talk had been more  clearly defined..I still don't know what a garde-manger is, nor in fact do  I even begin to understand what the  'dupe' system is all about. Maybe next  time around, Tony.
6303589162|1.0|...Not only does it derive the entire story from Hitchcock movies, but its also graphically violent and  sensationalist where Hitchcock would have used subtlety, the scene where a  woman is killed with a POWER DRILL is pobably the best example of DePalma's  second rate abiilities as a director...Do youself a favor and get one of his better movies like  carlito's way, the untouchables or mission impossible. Or even better buy  Vertigo or Rear window,...ever major scene in the movie has pretty much been derived  from an older and better movie.
0767802810|5.0|A tantalizing performance by Kathleen Turner. Anyone with a soul sometimes  wants to go back in life to discover the great &quot; what if&quot; In this  film Peggy Sue gets that chance to possibly change her life by going back  ..there!<br />Turner pulls it all off in grand style. The realities she learns  are not as profound as she might think they are. Nevertheless , viewing  this film might provoke a &quot; thought&quot; journey because its done so  well and with care. Watch for Leon Ames and other older stars.<br />Written by  Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner.
6304140711|4.0|This is a great movie!   It is about a girl named Nicole (Reese Witherspoon) who meets this a guy named David (Mark Wahlberg).  David is so sweet and charming to Nicole and her parents.  But things get creepy when  David starts having jealousy and hits Nicole.  David becomes obsessive and  he holds Nicoles family hostage!  I great thriller!
630575067X|3.0|I was expecting this movie to be a wonderful film, however I was quite  disappointed when I saw it. The plot and character development was the  worst I have seen in a movie of this anticipation. Jake Loyd, the young  actor who portrayed Anakin Skywalker, is certainly no Haley Joel Osment.  His acting was horribly monotonous. Liam Neeson must have been out of work  at the time when he made this movie. An actor of his stature should not  have made such a mediocre movie. The only good thing about this movie was  the crisp and clear special effects. Save your money.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I bought this album about four or five years ago as an impulse buy after  hearing a local band do a cover of 'Today'. I just couldn't get the song  out of my head so I just went and bought the album and ever since I have  been a massive Pumpkins fanatic!! Every song on this album is beautiful,  clever..each one is an emotional rollercoaster. 'Disarm's sweeping,  melancholic cello provides the perfect backdrop to Corgan's plaintive cries  of 'the killer in me, is the killer in you'. 'Luna' is surely of the  sweetest love songs ever written and 'Hummer' is just a brilliant blend of  melodies and honest lyrics. Reading some of the other reviews I was  overjoyed by the fact that some chose 'Mayonaise' as their favourite track.  I have previously been alone in my overwhelming love for this heartfelt,  moving and blisteringly self-aware song. It is the only song that make me  cry after hearing it a hundred times and I already know I would like it  played at my funeral - and I'm only 18! I can identify with the lyrics and  key message of that song to an uncomparable degree. When Corgan's  distinctive, haunting and, in my opinion, flawlessly beautiful voice, pleas  for those around him to 'try to understand, I just want to be me, and when  I can, I will' with a mixture of sudden defiance and despairing sadness it  breaks my heart. Never before or since have I known a song - or anything  else- to so perfectly capture exactly how I feel and express it in such a  delicate, perfectly crafted form. If you're not already familiar with the  Pumpkins' material I would strongly suggest starting with this album,  rather than the later, but also fantastic Mellon Collie. I don't think  you'll be disappointed. Corgan is a genius, and he is unmatched by any of  his contempories. 'Siamese Dream' is an album for people who crave  beautiful, evocative music in this age of corporate pop.
0553212737|5.0|I loved Emma by Jane Austen. I think that the best aspect of Austen's  writing is her witty irony that is featured in all of her books. I thought  that Emma was a touching and funny story about a young woman whose lot in  life is to play the matchmaker. She tries to fix the world to her own  liking, but it does not work. Finally, she stops being so critical and  realizes what is standing right in front of her. If you enjoy the book  (which I think you will), buy or rent the movie starring Gywneth Paltrow.  It is just as funny as the book. If that is not your fancied genre, check  out Clueless, starring Alicia Silverstone. It is loosely based on the novel  and also very funny, with a modern twist.
B00004WIBW|5.0|A true masterpiece of film making.  Only Tim Burton could do this classic tale justice.  Christopher Walken's performance as the Hessian Horseman is  terrifying. The weak-of-stomach should beware, this film contains 18  graphic decapitations, an impalement, the slaughtering of an entire family,  among other sick and twisted themes.  But the gore is necessary to prove  just how terrifying the Headless Horseman is. Recomended to all!
6305126062|5.0|I LOVED this movie. I must say that it is the best movie I have ever seen  in my life. I decided to watch it because I love horses and romantic  movies, and when I saw it, I was hooked. In fact, I ended up buying the  book, the soundtrack, and the video! Now I watch it all of the time. It was  a very sad movie, but the fact that Grace and Pilgrim overcame their fears  and their terrible tragedy was so touching I cried. I also enjoyed the  mystery and intrigue of the affair between Annie and Tom Booker. In the  end, Annie goes back home to her husband and child, but is she really  leaving Tom? The actors were superb and the horse did an amazing job also!  I thought that this was a spiritual and touching movie that everyone should  enjoy with their families and friends!
B00004U2GH|5.0|This album, as 'At Folsom Prison', is a 'Classic' in the true sense of the  word. Johnny is raw, honest, in control, moody, funny, scary, moving,  inspired and unforgettable. A man's Man. This remastered version of San  Quentin is truly a REVELATION! I've had these 2 prison-albums for quite a  while, but now the best got even better; Johnny sounds like a hellhound and  a saint at the same time. You will never hear an album like this and 'At  Folsom Prison' again in your life, it's that impressive,unique, powerful,  moving. Also his backing band which features Carl Perkins and June Carter  a.o. is super. The sound of this album is just so incredible, it burns a  whole through your soul, its contents: rockabilly, blues, gospel, country,  folk, all rolled up in one blistering performance. I really hope that this  amazing Man will go on with making great music and fully recover from his  medical problems. I've got over 600 cd's and rate Johnny Cash as a  musician, person, personality among the likes of Elvis Presley, James  Brown, Jimi Hendrix, Miles Davis, Muddy Waters. Quintessential, go and buy  this jewel!
B00003CWLE|5.0|Anna &amp; The King is such a wonderful movie. The details are authentic and the acting superb. Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat have wonderful chemistry. The story is true, and I found that the movie was very accurate  to historical details. The story was extremely touching and I recommend  this video to anyone!
B00004T9UF|1.0|I guess I'm very lucky that I didn't spend money on this.  A coworker of  mine mentioned he had this CD so I asked to borrow it.  Now, I'll be the  first to admit that I am NOT a rap fan, but my curiosity got the best of me  and I had to find out for myself what all the hoopla was about.  And am I  *EVER* glad I didn't spend money on this.<br />What's interesting is that  young Mr. Mathers seems to possess quite a gift for rhyme and delivery  which he unfortunately squanders in subject matters that are reminescent of  a third-grader who just learned his first dirty word.  The music is catchy,  his delivery and enunciation are clear, and some of his phrasing is funny  and sometimes actually clever (such as in &quot;Who Knew&quot; where he  chastises parents for not having kept a closer eye on their children who  learned to spew expletives left and right, presumably from an album such as  his).  But all these positives are so quickly erased by his choice of  subject matters and his insistence on using as many vulgarities as he can  within the 3-minute time span alloted for each song.<br />The whole thing is  offensive, [and] not primarily because of the choice of vulgar words and the  subject matters ...<br />...<br />PARENTS, TAKE NOTE:  You *NEED* to listen to this!  This is not an  album whose worst offense is a bit of innuendo.  This is hard-core  vulgarity at its worst.  Should your 12 year-old really be listening to  this?  Pop this in yourself and just listen to track 1 &quot;PSA  2000&quot;.  Your ears will bleed.  I'm all for freedom of speech, but this  is definitely not an album for kids.
0451191153|5.0|Read this book! I found it amazingly well-written. Ayn Rand is known for  being too wordy and hard to stay with, but I found it an easy and  satisfying read. Ayn Rand's philosophy, obejectivism, is evident throughout  this book. I thought that it was a philosophical masterpiece. The writing  was impeccable and the plot and character development was immaculate. Ayn  Rand has done it again. I am now going to order all of her other books and  immerse myself in the wonderful world of Rand!
0792839625|4.0|I had the pleasure of seeing the Broadway version of Chorus Line many  years ago.  While this video can't possibly compare to the live stage  performance, it does do the story justice.  I have rented this movie many  times and each time I enjoy it more.  The singing and dancing remind me of  my 12 years of dance lessons.  Anyone can relate to at least one of the  characters.  From the non-chalant Sheila to the shy little teenager.  It is  a movie that will remain in your head and you will find yourself singing  the songs.  If you enjoy singing, dancing, achievement, etc.  you will  enjoy this movie ten fold.
067960085X|5.0|Breakfast at Tiffany's is my favorite movie so I decided to pick up the  book one day to see what it was like. Truman Capote is a wonderful author.  His character development is immaculate and descriptions - meticulous. I  found that the theme of this book is Holly Golightly. Her ambition, her  fear, her ways of hiding her true self so that she can be who everyone  wants her to be. I believe that Truman Capote was trying to tell us that we  all have a Holly inside of us. The cat was also very symbolic. It had no  name, therefore it did not really know who it was. Even though Holly had a  name, she did not know who she was because of others around her trying to  make her someone else. When cat and Holly were together, they had a sense  of who they were. But only to each other. I thought that this was as  touching and heartfelt as the movie. Everyone should buy this book!
B000000OSW|5.0|<BR>People-<br />Although not as commercially successful as &quot;So&quot;,  &quot;Us&quot; moves me much more than &quot;So&quot;. This album seems so  much more personal than &quot;So&quot;. This album took a whole different  approach than from &quot;So&quot;. This album has a much worldly and  African feel. This album is not a soothing album. I think it was made to  make people feel tense. It is not what you'd call &quot;easy  listening&quot;. The tension you have when listening to it is what makes it  great!<br />The emotional voices of Sinead O'Connor during &quot;Come Talk To  Me&quot; and &quot;Blood Of Eden&quot; make a great addition to the album.  And whatever people say about the acts of Sinead O'Connor on Saturday Night  Live, who cares... she has a wonderful voice.<br />That's my two cents on  Gabriel's &quot;Us&quot;.<br />- Adam
630469654X|5.0|I bought this DVD from Amazon. Com, haven't expect much, Consider its age. Thank God they preserved a truly Wide- Screen Version, 2.35 : 1, which may  fully presented the moory yet beautiful  scenery of middle Italy. ( Lots of  DVD announced they're Wide- Screen format, actually they're not. )<br />I  always eager to learn some more from my fave films. Unfortunately the  &quot; extras &quot; are unplayable on my DVD player, only the movie  itself. ( the problem could be mine ? ) I enjoy the Medieval Knight-  Heroine Legend. Melancholic love  divided by jealousy and dark spell.  Somehow they connect through the help from a mischievous young thief and a  remorse priest.  The story might be drag, slow and predicable, very few  special effect has done in this film. It doesn't matter. As many other  viewers ever mentioned, the awful music just about ruined all the great  effort that cast and production crew try to provide,  so stupid and  unbearable. Even some TV score composers can do better job in this case.  Celtic Ballads could be perfect match, even enhance this film to a  masterpiece, worth memorable.<br />I also believe that's my first time seen  Michelle Pfeiffer on big screen, back to 85, quite impressive. I wish she  may share more spotlight with main characters. ( She's actually a  supporting role, doesn't has much to do here. ) Though I'm not really an  avid fan, quite fond of her. She has a pretty face then. A real fine  actress polished by time. She has proves her diverse acting ability in 90s,  much more decent and graceful  nowadays.<br />Can we expect to see more  timeless love fairy tale on screen after year 2000 ? I'm still longing for.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Even Britney's weak Baby One More Time CD sounds better than Brittney's sopomore album. I was very, very disappointed with this CD. The songs were weak and lacking in everythimg-vocals, lyrics, rythem...most of them aren't  the slightest bit catchy! I bought the CD for the famed &quot;Oops I Did It  Again&quot;, and am now heartily sorry I wasted my money. . .
B00004TVV1|5.0|Thanks to My Grandparents I Got Exposed To these Great Minds.having  Listened to these Great Minds at an Early Age was Magic To My  Ears&amp;Heart.When you can Bring these Two Great Minds Together on Record  it's s a Must.these Two Great Artists have so Much Depth,Texture&amp;Range  in the Material they Make.The Musicianship is High Quality.
0394548442|5.0|John Hersey's account of the aftermath of the first atomic bomb stands as  a warning for all time.  The vivid and sickening first person accounts  should cause any reader to question whether resorting to nuclear force is  ever justified.  In my mind, the bombs dropped on Japan WERE justified  because of Japanese war atrocities, the tremendous casualties the allies  would have suffered from an invasion of the Japanese home islands and  because before the Hiroshima bomb was dropped, no one knew for sure what it  would do.  The horror of Hiroshima and Nakasaki is partly responsible, I  think, for the fact that no atomic weapons have been used in warfare since  then.  The images in this book will stay with you long after you've put it  down.
B000002UBU|5.0|Don Mclean really struck a Chord with this very Essential Album.Simply put  this is what Words&amp;Music are about.American Pie is a Timeless  Song.Vincent is a Great song as well.this a Well Crafted Album.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|I'm no feminist but I do love it when the girls are able to beat the guys  at their own game.  Disney's 'Mulan' is a wonderfully entertaining story  about courage and comradeship with all the typical (and necessary) Disney  mushy stuff too.  I love this movie and have already added it to my  collection.  Eddie Murphy's little dragon is fantastically funny and the  scene with Mulan and her father at the end always brings a tear to my eye.   Mulan proved herself and was accepted for that.  If only men were as easily  won over in the real world.
0440211727|5.0|This book kept me hooked.  I read it in 3 days, and always kept me  pondering about what will happen next. The book shows many controversies  and real-life havocs.  The writing of the novel is detailed, precise, and  lets you step inside of the scene and actually imagine what is going on.  I  think everyone should buy this book... Watching the movie is no match to  the writing of the novel.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is one of the best rap CD S  I have ever heard.It's from the father  of rap DR DRE.If you dont have this CD in your collection your missing  something.It s a great CD featuring lot of good artists like EMINEM,SNOOP  DOGG,HITTMAN,ETC.
0767821629|2.0|Boy, after the great &quot;question reality&quot; movies like Dark City  and The Matrix came out, the bar was raised a little higher for this genre.   Unfortunately The Thirteenth Floor falls way short of ever reaching the  bar, let alone going over it.  The concept of virtual worlds, within  virtual worlds didn't quite work in this version because you never find out  why they exist.  In The Matrix we at least find out that the virtual world  therein was created to make humans sedate as they were used as organic  power supplies by the AI.  The Thirteenth Floor is a pretty hum-drum  affair. Every time they used the word &quot;user&quot; I kept thinking of  the classic Tron, a different, yet far better virtual world movie.  The  ending was pretty useless.  It really answered no questions, and (heaven  forbid!) left the way open for a possible sequel.  And another thing, the  title had nothing to do with the movie other than the lab resided on the  13th floor, and every once in awhile you would see a finger push the  elevator button to reach that floor.  The scene where Douglas Hall drove to  &quot;the end of the world&quot; was rather weak as well.  As he stood  there talking on his cellphone he stared at an untextured wireframe of his  existence, hokey.  I didn't hate this movie because the concept of virtual  worlds is rather intriguing . . . they just managed to make it boring!  So  that still only leaves two &quot;cyberpunk&quot; movies ever released that  are really worth seeing:  Strange Days and, of course, The Matrix.
B00003CWTH|5.0|Very moving, sometimes darkly disturbing film. It is a real thought  provoker. Just as in real life, sometimes you find it difficult to witness  but somehow - at the end - glad you did.<br />It ranks right up there with  some of my favorites such as Gandhi, Reds, Dances with Wolves -  a real  epic with absolutely wonderful performances by all.  I had the feeling that  all the actors were very proud to be chosen for this one.  They should be.
B00004TH7Z|3.0|I found Brave New World to be pretty mediocre Maiden.  Nowbefore you start calling me names :-) I must say that I've been a Maiden fan since Killers back when I was in high school.  This album sounds flat, almost as flat as No Rest for the Dying.  Having three guitarists doesn't seem to help, and Bruce's vocals seem uninspired compared to their last offering Fear of the Dark back in '92.  It sounds like some of Bruces solo influences have rubbed off here, but that's not what I want to here.  I want good old Iron Maiden.  If I want Bruce, I'll fire up a solo album.  And the sad thing is, is that Bruce's brilliant solo effort The Chemical Wedding is light years ahead of what is offered here.  Regarless, I still love Iron Maiden! UP THE IRONS!
B000001FS6|5.0|This live album is kinda like the concert we all want to say we have experienced.  It is one of those where we hear a lot of familiar music, but  it is the addition of guest performances which turn an ordinary event into  the stuff of which legends are made.  Like when Bruce Springsteen joined  Roy Orbison in A Black and White Night to sing &quot;Pretty Woman&quot;, or  when Ray Charles came on stage to join Aretha Franklin singing &quot;Spirit  in the Dark&quot;, we find ourselves in the midst of something really  special.  <br />U-2 does fine with their testimony to greats who came before  them, like &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; and &quot;All Along the  Watchtower&quot;.  The drive that the band adds makes it impossible to sit  still while listening to them work.<br />There is solid backing to the band,  with notables like Tom Petty and Bob Dylan.  These were led of course by  the inimmitable B.B. King.  His contribution positively makes &quot;When  Love Comes to Town&quot;.  Also, that classic group, The Memphis Horns,  brought back the instrumental section which was legendary some twenty five  years before, and they give solid backing to the group.  Somehow, U-2 was  also able to find a choir straight from Heaven, which turns the live  version of &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; into a  really really great piece of live music which can stand alone, independent  from the other great studio version.<br />Like many other reviewers, I fail to  see the intrusion of ego which one of the critics laments.  While some of  the audience byplay may be a tad preachy at time, this is still one great  piece of music.
B00003CX6P|2.0|I prefer to call this movie The Boring Mr. Ripley, because it certainly  is.  Beautifully filmed, aptly acted, long?  Yes!  Suspenseful (as  claimed)?  NO!  This movie is 2.5 hours that seems to drag on for 5 hours.   Thomas Ripley is about as threatening and imposing as my niece.  But to  each his own I guess.
B000002U9L|5.0|I bought this CD on Friday, and I love it already! My favorite song is 'As  The World Falls Down', but I love 'Magic dance', too! Anyone who has seen  the movie needs the soundtrack! It good even if you haven't seen the movie!  Buy a copy and join the club!!!
B00003CXFV|5.0|Wow, what a surprise!  I have seen everything now . . . a Julia Roberts movie I really like!  Okay, I guess I should quit making fun of Julia's  huge mouth, because she spent the whole movie showing off, ummm, other  thingies anyway.  This is not another Pretty Woman role, but you'd never  guess it by the way Erin dresses throughout the movie.  Seriously though,  Erin Brockovich is a nice piece of work based on the true story of a woman  at the end of her rope scratching and clawing her way to success and  respect while at the same time helping the residents of a small town who  have been wronged by a large corporation.  Julia's portrayal of the foul  mouthed legal assistant was tailor made for her, and Albert Finney's acting  in the role of Ed was excellent.  This is a great, uplifting success story  which is very refreshing compared to the rest of the films Hollywood offers  us.
6303314015|5.0|Although it might be accused of plot similarities to &quot;Bambi&quot;, The Lion King stands on it's own as the best animated film of Disney's  silver age save for &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;.<br />It starts off with  the greatest opening sequence in animation history, which already must rank  within the top ten moments in all animation, period.  Disney has since  tried to match it in &quot;Dinosaurs&quot;, but it remains unequalled.  The  inimitable &quot;Circle of Life&quot; has no rival except &quot;When you  wish upon a star&quot; as Disney mood-setting music.<br />The animals of the  African plains pay homage to the new lion prince, Simba, at his birth.   Already he has one strike against him in his father Mufasa's brother Scar,  bitter because Simba is now the heir to the throne of the pridelands.   While Simba and his friend Nala grow, Scar plots with hyena henchmen to  dethrone Mufasa.  Scar's moment comes in one devestating blow, managing to  make the young cub stricken with guilt in the process.<br />Simba runs off and  is saved from death by exposure to the elements by Pumbaa, a kind warthog,  and Timon, his meerkat best friend.  As an adult, he has forgotten his  legacy until a now-grown Nala and Rafiki, his father's baboon best friend,  remind him.  He goes to face the hour of reckoning with Scar, his friends  by his side.<br />The movie includes some of the best voicing work and  dialogue in the Disney cannon, especially that of Scar - so evil as  portrayed by Jeremy Irons that he actually drew a gasp from my jaded father  - and Nathan Lane's Timon, who I feel will eventually take his place as  Disney's greatest second banana (and no, I'm not forgeting the Seven  Dwarves or Cinderella's mice).  His now famous luau scene is Disney's  supreme howler moment.
0790729628|3.0|Once again we see a studio put out a great movie on a really lousy DVD.  The menu system is pathetic, there are no extras, not even a theatrical  trailer, BUT it is anamorphic so not all is lost I guess.  This is the  director's cut version, and in truth I like the original cut with Deckard's  narration better.  Some say it's poorly narrated, but let's face it,  Deckard isn't the most animated character in the world.  The narration  added that film noir element of a '50s detective story, but set in 2019,  and I sorely miss it.  The addition of the very short unicorn dream  sequence seems to have no meaning other than tieing in the end a little and  causing speculation that Deckard is in fact a replecant.  I really like  this movie a lot, prefer the original better, DVD is lousy.  Film rating: 4  stars, DVD rating: 2 stars.
B000007T1M|4.0|This is a cool cd...the singer has a cool voice that I enjoy. This cd i  find is mostly hard...the only really soft thing is Spiders. The song Sugar  is hella sweet and you've probably heard it. There is a song called War on  here....its so far my favorite song off the album. now you know that it  rules and you must buy it now...bye bye
0425163407|5.0|Unnatural Exposure was the first book by Patricia Cornwell that I read. I  loved it. It grabbed my attention from beginng to end and I had trouble  putting it down. Pete and Kay's relationship is that of a sparring brother  and sister and I found their interchanges quite amusing. Kay is a wonderful  lead for a book because she's tough and gusty but is not abover feeling  strongly for victims and other people. Ms.Cornwell writes morgue scenes so  vividly and that is really her trademark. My only slight compliant is that  it end abruptly and kind of anti-climiatic. Still a fast-paced harrowing  thriller.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is the best cd ive ever heard they are an amazing duo and Darren is  an amazing writer.  I recomend that if you don't already own this you  should buy it!
0425098478|2.0|After have been hearing about this book I was expecting something better.  A couple of common sense ideas, nothing new. Obviosly a manager should be  able to get the best from their people and that is only possible if you  really rely on them and consider them able to supply ideas and knowledge. I  can not understand how this book has so much hype. A couple of days after  reading nothing new remained in my mind.
078324228X|5.0|Denzel Washington gives an amazing preformance in one of the best movies  of the year. Norman Jewison directors a wonderful cast to a letter perfect  film. One of the highlights of the film is Debbie Morgan's brief but  powerful preformance as Ruben's wife. I recommend this movie to anyone who  wants to see a good movie and cry.
B00000DGXN|5.0|It's like a dream come true. Pat Metheny on an album with Chick Corea. I knew it would be good with those two names , but I didn't think it would be  pure magic. Their chemistry is amazing together. Throw on top of that Gary  Burton and you have a truly delightful recording. It's nothing short of  ELIXIR. What would you expect with names like these.
630575067X|2.0|This movie gets two stars, instead of one, only because it is the backdrop to one of the biggest and most popular cinematic phenomena in recent  memory, and it does leave me curious about what is to come. What causes  Anakin, who is such a caring soul, to go so bad? How does the Emperor  manage to eliminate a galactic democracy in exchange for his dictatorship?  How did all the Jedis die out?<br />And, of course, the ending saber fight was  incredible. Darth Maul would destroy Luke Skywalker.<br />Otherwise, Lucas  created the whole film with the idea of $2.99 action figures available at  K-Mart. Jar-Jar Binks serves absolutely no purpose in the entire movie,  except to be stupid. C-3P0 was a little corny, but at least his humor was a  little classy. All Jar-Jar ever did was drop things and trip a lot, and  annoy the heck out of 95 percent of the audience.<br />The heavily lauded pod  race, the supposed special effects showcase, was about the biggest waste of  screen time I've ever seen. Yes, it was fun to watch, but we didn't need a  half hour of film to tell us that, surprise! Anakin IS a good pilot. Real  shocker there. Plus, because there were three laps, the last two became  fairly predictable.<br />And the ending! I don't know how the Trade Federation  even managed a blockade, because Anakin broke through their defenses by  bumbling around and ACCIDENTALLY flying into and shooting up the most  vulnerable section of the Trade Federation's flagship.<br />I shouldn't even  mention the ground battle, where the Gunguns are outnumbered and don't even  have GUNS, yet not a single one of them is killed. After the victory,  nothing but droids lie on the ground. Come on, George, at least you killed  one of the Ewoks in Return of the Jedi, and they had the benefit of  surprise attack.<br />If you don't care about the Star Wars series, make sure  you skip this one. You'll undeservedly hate the whole thing even more if  you don't.
B00003CX6P|5.0|Every year, certain films are released that are completely misunderstood,  either by critics, or by the movie-going public and Anthony Minghella's  take on the Patricia Highsmith novel &quot;The Talented Mr Ripley&quot;  falls into this category.<br />It was perceived as a suspense thriller, which  the trailer did nothing to dispel but it is so much more than that. It is a  thought provoking character study of a man so uncomfortable with his own  personality that he must try an inhabit that of another man, the  unfortunate Dickie Greenleaf. However to do so means a few murders and this  is where the film gets its marquee appeal. Matt Damon invests the role with  such subtlety that you are taken by surprise - no longer the apple-pie boy  of past films, here he is a sad character, and one which the audience feels  for, despite resorting to murder. It is a standout performance which  deserves far greater recognition. Jude Law confirms his status as the new  star in the sky (remember Joseph Fiennes?) and delivers his dark prey to  the willing Ripley. And Gwyneth Paltrow confirms her status as the new  Grace Kelly - so bright at the beginning of the film but by its end her  mood is much more sombre as she tries to expose Ripley. The rest of the  cast are uniformly excellent with Cate Blanchett adding to her CV with  another brilliant turn.<br />This is a superb movie and I advise anyone who  hasn't seen it to do so immediately. A thought-provoking supremely literate  and at times, bloody scary film.
B00000BKDW|5.0|When I was a kid, I liked two things - Iron Maiden and Bach's organ works.  They both had great riffs, they both had complicated tune structures and  they are both as heavy as you like. Iron Maiden in general and Powerslave  in particular are head and shoulders above any other metal band, with the  possible exception of Motorhead. The lyrics are intelligent and never cover  the same cliches as other metal bands - or even other pop bands - who else  would do a song based on an 18th centurey epic poem (Samuel Taylor  Coleridge's 'Rime of the Ancient Mariner')? Or a song about a Pharaoh's  mortality ('Powerslave')? Plus with the twin guitar line up, you get two  intertwined melody/rythmn lines to listen to per song instead of the usual  one - there is always something new to hear. It's always been hard to rank  Maiden with the all time classic bands, because they've never done any one  obvious outstanding song (like The Who with 'My Generation') but listen to  their stuff, and you realise that even if they never had one moment of 100%  genius, they cruise at 90% on almost everything they do, an average I don't  think even the Beatles could keep up.
B0000025BL|4.0|Although I was a young adult during the late 70's, I only recently purchased the CD, &quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot;.  The musical arrangements on  the CD are excellent, and Meatloaf's voice is full of passion and vitality.   The lyrics, I feel, are more serious than what many of the reviewers would  have you believe.<br />It would be great if the production was available on  DVD or video.  Although the CD does reflect the magnitude of Meatloaf's  singing talent and Jim Steinman's musical and lyrical talent, it simply  does not capture the magnitude of the overall performance --which would  make the lengthy productions on the CD seem less &quot;grandiose&quot; --  keeping in mind that Meatloaf's background in theater played a large part  in his live performance of music.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|if you're looking for something other than a mainstream movie, and are in  need of some superb visual stimulation, then this movie is a must see.  Ron  Fricke does an incredible job of creating this film without any dialog.   It's refreshing to see a movie that doesn't have any words yet communicates  to you with the utmost clarity.  Just goes to show that your mouth isn't  the only way to communicate...or the right way, for that matter. The film  reaches many moods of human civilization...from different religions and  their similiarities to over crowded streets and their beauty in ordered  chaos.  Does that make sense? Regardless, this film is one of my  favorites...as far as cinematography goes.  It's even more breathtaking on  DVD.
6305903182|3.0|This threequel massively improves over Scream 2. But that ain't exactly hard. The photography and direction are still very bad but Ehren Kruger's  script has a few neat ideas. Unfortunately these idea are ignored in favor  of ultra-cheap scares backed up by a lethally loud soundtrack. How many of  these sub-genre flicks are going to resort to these cheap tricks?<br />After a  pointless, and very long opening, the film relocates from a college campus  to Hollywood. The members of the STAB 3 cast are being killed by the masked  one and the gratingly awful and highly cliched \\"who's the killer?\\"  conversations follow.<br />People are chased down dark corridors...again. And  loud noise, that is apparently music, attacks our inner ears and numbs our  brains. In-jokes are lazy and not funny. Lance Henrikson is only in it for  2 seconds. And it gets quite boring.  The only reason to watch this is the  few decent ideas that are never realized or developed.<br />The DVD is in  Dolby 5.1 and is anamorphically enhanced at 2.35:1.
6301793196|4.0|This remains my favourite of the three big concerts done in conjunction  with the World Cup. The participation of 2 full orchestras instead of one  is appropriate for such a major event, and they were rehearsed until they  sounded as one large orchestra instead of two, which apparently was quite a  difficult task. This was a welcoming of Jose Carreras into the music  community after his terrible ordeal with leukemia. My favourite parts are  when the tenors sing together, and since Domingo's voice is quite baritonal  - he has done The Barber of Seville recently - whereas Pavarotti's tenor is  at the highest range, and Carrera's is in the middle, they can all be heard  quite clearly without overpowering each other.  The programming is  interesting too, and the fioratura duel between them in 'o sole mio adds an  original touch to the production. I believe Mehta conducted as well in this  concert as he did in Los Angeles 4 years later.  The audio quality is very  fine too and better, based on my experience at a show in Vancouver BC a few  years ago, than what one is likely to hear at a Three Tenors live concert.  The picture does have some vertical oscillations, probably due to the use  of hand-held cameras, which does detract from the concert's overall quality  - hence 4 stars instead of 5.<br />This can be warmly recommended in either  VHS or DVD, although the latter format has slightly better sound and video  quality.
6305750750|4.0|Ok folks I have read dozens of reviews both good and bad and I fully  understand both points of view. I personally feel it was a very difficult  task indeed for Lucas to go back t the very beginning after such a layoff.  After making A New Hope I am sure he had no idea how he was going to finish  with Return Of The Jedi and then back in time to Episode1.  The  Phantom Menace could only go so far with it's direction and can only be  used as a point of reference. This move did exactly what it was intended to  do. It was to be the basic foundation to which the entire series is made.  After watching the next two movies I am sure many will find more  appreciation for the entire series.  My biggest complaint is the  exceptionally poor video quality. THX indeed? I have exercise tapes that  are of better quality.
B000001Y5J|5.0|Broken is one of the best harder rock albums of the decade, and certainly one of the best Nine Inch Nails recordings. Trent Reznor hates the world,  and he lets you know it through this intense and powerful EP.<br />Broken  begins with an instrumental opening, Pinion, which is a great lead into  Wish, the song that earned Reznor a grammy. Then comes Last, one of the  greatest metal songs ever written. Help Me I Am In Hell, a peaceful yet  depressing minute long instrumental, is a break from the assault.  Immediately following it is the angriest song on the album, Happiness In  Slavery. My personal favorite, Gave Up, ends the album displaying a show of  grief and failure.<br />There are two hidden tracks, Physical and Suck, both  of which are great, but don't stand out compared to the main songs. Broken  is short...only six songs and two instrumentals long, but what it lacks in  length it makes up in lasting appeal and quality. This album is like a  collection of singles, and each track will never get old. It's a great way  to release anger and an outlet for inner torment.<br />Broken does, however,  differ greatly from other Nine Inch Nails albums, especially Pretty Hate  Machine. If you fell in love with PHM's techno sound, this assault might  come as a surprise. Needless to say though, if you're a Nine Inch Nails fan  you must own this amazing EP. This is a step forward in the evolution of  the greatest band (or musician I should say) of the 90's.
B000000OA6|5.0|Almost the entire world know that Queen were the most influential rock  band for the past 3 decades.The Innuendo album is yet another master piece  by the ruling band.There are such diverse songs as Headlong andI can't live  with u,which gives u a hint why QUEEN were so popular and influential. The  album itself is a greatest hit album on its own....by the way u still don't  have this album?*!!*?
B00003CWTH|5.0|The irony of the human condition is that we are self destructive in  nature, while at the very same time struggling to better ourselves.  It is  this friction that ignites it all:  pain, fear, anger, passion, compassion,  truth, revelation...and yes...bizzare events.  So a message perhaps here is  that coincidences often occur...and maybe they are not coincidences at all!  Magnolia has moved in a way that not many films have.  What is truly  astonishing about this film is that it was disturbing and wonderful at once  (friction)  P.T. Anderson has put together a 'message' movie that shoves  nothing down your throat!  You will simply absorb the messages through your  skin!  Ths cast is superb..almost perfect...William H. Macy, Tom Cruise,  Philip Baker Hall, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Julianne Moore, and John C.  Reilly all shine.  Magnolia was the best film of the year!
1558908498|1.0|Craven used to be known to make REAL horror movies. Sometimes they were experimentation horror films. But now he has fallen for Hollywood's love of  cheap scares and loud, loud, loud soundtracks. This film only has one  musical cue that isn't criminally loud noise. But it's music stolen from  Hans Zimmer's Broken Arrow soundtrack. A soundtrack I love. This kind of  made me annoyed the first, and only, time I saw this (well over 2 years  ago).<br />The photography in this film is the worst I have ever seen. Almost  everything that isn't in the immediate foreground is blurred and  out-of-focus. Horror films offer so many opportunities for creativity in  all areas of film production. But as this film is made to appeal to mass  audiences the style has to be simple. Even terrible.<br />There is nothing  worthwhile about this film and nothing to recommend. The part that I hate  most seems to be what most people (for some reason) like the best. A class  full of film students discusses if sequels are better than originals.  That's it. You see...this IS a sequel, and they talk about sequels. Wow! So  what!  That's the irony! And it's not worth a penny. I have never seen a  more simpleminded and superficial so-called \\"horror\\" film as bad as this.  The fact that it thinks it's so cool just makes it worse. The true horror  of this film is the horrifying ignorance to the audience.<br />Watch Urban  Legend instead if you want to watch a Campus \\"who's the killer?\\" flick.  It's junk but it's better than this.<br />The DVD is in Dolby 5.1 and is  letterboxed at 2.35:1.
B00000GRL0|5.0|This is the greatest martial arts film ever! If you're a martial arts fan  this a must have!!!!!! Anyone who likes Bruce Lee or just likes to collect  martial arts videos must have this in there collection!!!!!!!
B00001NFCY|1.0|If I want to listen to preaching, I go to church!
B00000AFGM|5.0|Marilyn Manson didn't simply change his style, and he didn't &quot;sell  out&quot;. Manson evolved. The best bands evolve...Nine Inch Nails and Tool  for example. Mechanical Animals is the next step forward in the evolution  of Manson the man and Manson the band. This album doesn't fail.<br />I'll  admit, I don't like Manson's new style as much as his style in Antichrist  Superstar. Sometimes I wish he had stayed the same, but then I realize I'm  being selfish, just like the Manson fans that ripped down all their posters  of him when this album came out. Change is good. Although Antichrist  Superstar still gets more play time in my stereo than Mechanical Animals, I  still love this album a whole lot.<br />Mechanical Animals differs from  Antichrist...it's not a story for one thing. It's more of a collection of  songs rather than a storyline. And in that sence, the album is more well  rounded. &quot;Rock Is Dead&quot; is amazing, &quot;Coma White&quot; is a  great change of pace from the harder Antichrist which shows that Manson  knows how to make slower music too, and my personal favorite, &quot;New  Model No. 15&quot;, is very well done.<br />My advice? Well there's no doubt  that many fans of the Antichrist Superstar Manson will be let down by this  drastic change, but as for me, I'm fine with it. I'm happy that Manson  didn't rehash and re-release The Beautiful People and make another  Antichrist Superstar. Mechanical Animals is awesome, and it'll tide me over  until his next album.
B000002LBH|5.0|this cd is THE BEST CD EVER MADE. ASLEEP UNLOVABLE BACK TO THE OLD HOUSE  THIS IS MY LIFE ALL THE WAY BUY THIS CD.
1573225517|5.0|The warning from the Details'Review in the back of this amazingly funny  and touching piece of literature is right: keep this book away from your  girlfriend... Then again, it might be a very good idea to just let her read  it, even study it, so she can understand you better or leave you right  away, before the love you think you share becomes yesterday's one hit  wonder.<br />I wish I knew the right words to convince you to pick up this  book. I wish I could tell you why its so great without giving away  anything. If the movie (I havent seen it) is half as good as the novel,  I'm probably gonna see it once or twice, with ex or current girlfriends at  my side.<br />My top five &quot;Generation Books&quot; of all time:  Palahniuk's &quot;Fight Club&quot;,&quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; by  Burgess, &quot;Trainspotting&quot; by Welsh, &quot;Life After God&quot;  from Coupland, and of course this one.
630521610X|3.0|But once again actors in their mid-to-late twenties are playing teenagers  and the effect of the film is totally ruined as they behave and act so  unrealistic. While most people may consider this a cool movie just because  of the scares and the over-hyped \\"irony\\" there is actually an intelligent  plot with a pretty good twist. I notice this more as I am a writer and this  is one of my fave horror/thrillers.<br />I advise you not to watch this for  the pumped up scares (to a very loud soundtrack) but for how a typical  \\"who's the killer?\\" plotline can be a little better than it is believed to  be.<br />Some of the characters can be really annoying. In fact the only one  that doesn't enrage me is Dewey. His idiotness makes me laugh and diverts  my attention from the other characters in the very slow \\"character building  scenes\\".<br />The direction and photography are very bland. Wes Craven did a  much better job of a real horror film with A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET. Here  it just seems as if he aiming at the teen/popcorn market. You'll notice  that, with these kind of movies, most of the characters (not actors) are  teenagers and the tone of the film is mostly \\"safe\\". In the Scream  \\"sub-genre\\" there is never any REAL edge.<br />After this movie was made,  many, increasing bad, movies that were all exactly the same rolled off a  conveyor belt in Hollywood. They were easy moneymakers. Craven knew this  beforehand but deep, intelligent movies do not sit well with mass  audiences. The blander the style of film is, the more popular it will be  with the majority of audiences.<br />The plot in this one redeems these bad  qualities. I just wish for a real horror film to come out of Hollywood.<br />The DVD is in Dolby 5.1 and is letterboxed at 2.35:1. It is also NOT the  more gory directors cut I mistakenly believed it to be.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|It is an awesome album, strong songs, great lyrics. Iron Maiden is back.
B00000099Y|5.0|nema was my first exposure to Tool. At first I didn't like them, but after giving the album a few more listens, it began to grow on me little by  little. And today, Tool is one of my favorite bands. I found that the  lyrics on nema are extremely deep and abstract, containing so much more  meaning than it seems. I'd rank the lyrics right up there with Nine Inch  Nails.<br />Maynard James Keenan is the most talented vocalist of the 90's,  maybe ever. Words cannot describe this man's voice. Whether he's screaming  or whispering, he displays loads of power, emotion, and intensity. He  brings the complex lyrics to life and blends them with the music so  well.<br />Comparing this album to Opiate and Undertow, nema blows them away.  Every song here is an epic, worth listening to over and over again. I  really hope that Maynard sticks with Tool, because although A Perfect  Circle is one of my favorite bands, Tool is one of the very few bands (five  total actually, including A Perfect Circle) that I will buy CD's from.
B000001IQH|5.0|buy it buy it buy it buy it
B00003CWTH|1.0|This is the worst film I have ever seen!! What a huge waste of my time.  The writter/director tries to make a complex film about nothing! It really  stunk!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I'm a 14-year old guy, so you'd think you know why I like Britney, right? WRONG! So she's hot, big deal! She has a voice unlike any other except for Jessica Simpson among teen pop queens. All the songs are quality written,  except for Dear Diary. Let's just say Britney should stick to the singing.  Max Martin is an incredible songwriter and Britney sings the songs  amazingly well. From the fast tempo songs- &quot;Oops!&quot;,  &quot;Stronger&quot;, &quot;Lucky&quot;, and &quot;Can't Make You Love  Me&quot;- to the slower songs- &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To  Know&quot;, &quot;Where Are You Now&quot;, and &quot;When Your Eyes Say  It&quot;- Britney handles the lyrics very well. If you're looking for a  quality CD with songs that could all be singles, listen to this one!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I have to say that this CD is surprisingly good.Although I am sick to death of &quot;HIGHER&quot; due to radio-overplay,I saw the video of  &quot;WITH ARMS WIDE OPEN&quot;and really liked it,so I decided to give the  album a shot.I figured I'd probably return it,but it is actually one of my  favorite CD's.If you can ignore all the hype around this CD,you can really  appreciate it.The highlight tracks are:WHAT IF,BEAUTIFUL,SAY I,NEVER  DIE,and WITH ARMS WIDE OPEN. (Hidden track #12 is a secondary version of  W.A.W.O.,and it is really good.)By the way,I am also a fan of Pearl Jam,and  I have to say that Scott Stapp sounds nothing like Eddie Vedder,so I wish  everyone would stop comparing the two.A very recommended buy!
B00004T37H|5.0|I am both an anime fan, and a regular movie goer.  When I saw this film coming out, I set very high expectations. They were exceded.  This movie  has lush animation, amazing charectors, and a brilliant storyline.  Not a  person I know, friend or foe, I can think of that could watch this movie  and say it wasn't good.  Anyone reading this who HASN'T already seen it  should do what they can to witness this epic film.
B00002ND77|5.0|This movie is hands down the very best of Spike Lee's career!  Emotional, powerful, passionate...all these words can be used to describe the  mega-talented Denzel Washington's role as Malcolm X, former hustler, drug  dealer and thief to his metamorphasis to a respected Muslim leader who  loved his family, his religion, and his life. Disappointing to know that he  didn't receive the Oscar that year for this performance, because without a  doubt he deserved it. Spike Lee outdoes himself in this movie...He should  have gotten an Oscar for Best Director. This movie will keep you glued to  the screen for the three hours that it runs, and will bring tears to your  eyes. BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY...get this movie.
B000002W5J|5.0|More than any of their many subsequent releases, this early offering by  the reconstituted Jefferson Airplane (with the addition of Grace Slick) is  by far their single best album. From the opening \\"She Has Funny Cars\\" to  the silly and psychedelic \\"Plastic Fantastic Lover\\", this is a richly  textured and gorgeously produced work by an amazing collection of emerging  talents, from Slick herself to Marty Balin, who was by far the most  dominant influence here, to the individual musicians like Paul Kanter and  all the others.  Whether it be the super hits like \\"White Rabbit\\" or  \\"Somebody To Love, this album pulses with the nervous energy of the  sixties, making thoughtful and provocative excursions into intimacy with  songs like \\"Today\\" and \\"Coming Back To Me\\". I always enjoy hearing both  \\"Embryonic Journey, a flashy work of singular acoustic guitar virtuosity,  and listening to \\"How Do You Feel\\" seems to magically transport me back to  1967 when I heard this album for the first time. It was a mind-blower then,  and it has aged very, very well. Enjoy!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd is incredible. I think metallica sounds better live than they do  on cd. The guitar is crystal clear and the orchestra is awesome. There is  not a mistake in this cd. From all the years playing Metallica has the  cleanest concert on earth. Get it NOW!!
B00003CXDV|5.0|Everybody must have realized it!  It is a &quot;Star Trek&quot; parody gone out of control!  You know the story from the numerous reviews here at  Amazon:  1- Actors from a cancelled show are reduced to doing conventions  and ceremonies;  2- Aliens, thinking everything on TV is real,  &quot;beams&quot; the actors on a REAL starship to help them save the  world;  3- The actors, caught off guard (and without a script or stunt  double to back them up) must save the world.<br />Brilliant!  Why did nobody  think of this before?   This movie appeals to those who can relate to the  Star Trek experience, as well as to those who believe all the people who  dresses up in alien costumes are whacked!<br />Since there were numerous  reviews about the movie (most of them positive), I'll concentrate on the  DVD version.<br />DreamWorks really knows how to do DVDs.  Grab a copy of  &quot;The Prince of Egypt&quot; for an example.  In &quot;Galaxy  Quest&quot;, the extras that I have noticed and liked:<br />-the &quot;Making  of&quot; short documentary, well made, interesting facts about the  movie;<br />-lost clips (Really, some of them were touched up!  The clips were  edited before post-production actually began, but the director liked them  so much that FULL FX were added to them!  You got to admire that!  The only  weak clip where the effects were obviously not on par was an edited clip of  the rock monster battle, but it is still entertaining.);<br />-The ENTIRE  movie dubbed in ALIEN LANGUAGE audio track!   Interesting, but it does get  annoying.  Recommend watching it with English subtitles if that's you  stuff;<br />-Three other movie trailers (Chicken Run, Road Trip, El  Dorado).<br />The presentation is great as well.  Most studios don't seem to  put much effort in the visual menus, but DreamWorks matched an excellent  interface with an excellent movie.  This DVD movie is highly recommended.   I urge you to buy it, even if you already have the VHS version...<br />...of  course you should have a DVD player first...
0800185218|5.0|No one was a more masterful film maker than was David Lean, the British  director who brought us such unforgettable classics as \\"Lawrence of  Arabia\\", \\"Doctor Zhivago\\", \\"Ryan's Daughter\\" and, of course, \\"Bridge Over  the River Kwai\\", (see my reviews of all these films). The cinematography in  all of Lean's films is always spectacular and breathtaking, for Lean had a  special appreciation for how the nature of one's natural surroundings set  the stage and influenced the dramatic proceedings. Lean characteristically  focused his films on the ways in which individuals and their personal  characteristics clash and meld with the larger social, cultural, and  historical surround in which they are located, and so each film is a  uniquely captivating study of the specific dynamics of each particular  individual situation.<br />Each of these films is also a well-choreographed  and photographed excursion into the topography, climate, and landscape of  the geographic location in which the drama unfolds. The eyes and ears are  always delighted by what Lean displays. In \\"Bridge Over The River Kwai\\",  the first of these spectacular films to be produced by Lean, the wildness  and danger of the surrounding jungle is used as an active metaphor by Lean  which he uses to bind the British prisoners into a life and death struggle  with the despotic camp commander, whose feudal philosophy leads him to view  the prisoners as shameful cowards who do not deserve to be treated like  human beings.  Their curiously nave and self-important commanding officer,  played brilliantly by Sir Alec Guiness, immediately becomes embroiled in a  power struggle with the Japanese commander that sets the plot churning into  overdrive, speeding the story along toward further confrontations and a  number of interesting plot twist.<br />Also excellent as a cynical American  sailor landlocked in the camp is William Holden, who plays the part with  such blithe and careless detachment it is hard to appreciate how good he  is, unless you are familiar with his performance in other films such as  \\"The Bridges At Toko-Ri\\" or \\"Network\\". The supporting cast is excellent,  and the script, written by the novelist who penned the original book, is  taut, lean, and full of memorable dialogue and terrific dramatics. The  action unfolds as part of the larger context of the war itself, which  provides the necessary impetus to explain the desperate, cruel, and  courageous behavior of the characters. The cinematography here is  absolutely breath-taking, and the many spectacular action sequences and  memorable musical score all contribute to make this one of the most popular  and memorable films of all time. By the way, the film has aged very well,  and as a piece of history and as a piece of popular entertainment it is  always a pleasure to view as one of the outstanding films of the 1950s.how good he  is, unless you are familiar with his performance in other films such as  \\"The Bridges At Toko-Ri\\" or \\"Network\\". The supporting cast is excellent,  and the script, written by the novelist who penned the original book, is  taut, lean, and full of memorable dialogue and terrific dramatics. The  action unfolds as part of the larger context of the war itself, which  provides the necessary impetus to explain the desperate, cruel, and  courageous behavior of the characters. The cinematography here is  absolutely breath-taking, and the many spectacular action sequences and  memorable musical score all contribute to make this one of the most popular  and memorable films of all time. By the way, the film has aged very well,  and as a piece of history and as a piece of popular entertainment it is  always a pleasure to view as one of the outstanding films of the 1950s.
B00002EPMF|3.0|I was really expecting this album to be a lot better.  After listening to Death's &quot;The Sound of Perseverance&quot; I couldn't wait to hear what  the same band could do with similar material fronted by better vocals.  The  music on this album, though, I thought was pretty tired in comparison - not  as progressive, complex, or unpredictable - and the vocals, while far  better from death metal growls, did not really impress me too much.  On the  whole, the album seemed weighed down with boring, monotonous verses and  seemed to suffer from songs that were just too long for their own good.  A  few great melodies appear scattered throughout the disc, but they are far  too scarce, almost appearing to be avoided, and a lone, beautiful,  momentary acoustic section in the middle of the album points out just how  needlessly dull and homogeneous the album really is.  Of course,  Schuldiner's guitar effort here is sensational (though slightly less  interesting than on &quot;Perseverance&quot;), and the surprisingly  ambitious bass playing of Steve DiGiorgio was a definite bright spot.  It  is a good metal disc, it's just not as outstanding as I was hoping for ...  or as I think it could have been.
B000002H33|5.0|Ok, I was always an avid Kiss, AC/DC,&amp; Black Sabbath fan, but never gave Metallica  the time of day. Boy, what a mistake! After hearing from a  friend that Metallica was the greatest thing, i decided to give them a try.  I purchased the Black album (which I will also review) and was instantly  hooked. My second Metallica album, &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;, really  opened my eyes to what Metallica was all about, kick ass heavy metal! here  is a song by song review: &quot;Battery&quot;- well, you can't have  Metallica without Battery. no doubt one of their best songs, and it was  great to hear the symphony version on S&amp;M. out of 10, this is  definately a 10! &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;- 10/10! along with Battery,  this is just a classic. I have this song memorized by heart(I'm sure I'm  not the only one) and it is Metallica at their best in my opinion.  &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot;- another 10. if you listen to this  song and your adrenalin isnt pumping, there is somethingwrong with you.  listen to this one in your bedroom in the dark, its excellant!  &quot;Welcome Home(Sanitarium)&quot;- 10. James Hetfields lyrics are  brilliant, and this song was meant as a ballad, but it rocks hard as well  as the others in my eyes. &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; 8/10. Not as  impressive as the 1st 4 songs, but hey, if it's Metallica its gonna rock!  &quot;Leper Messiah&quot;- 8/10. same scenario. these 2 songs just lack  what the others have, but don't get me wrong, they're great songs in their  own right. &quot;Orion&quot;- 10/10. AHHH, hear we are. This is classic  Cliff Burton, one of his best songs and one of his fave songs to play , and  I honor him every time I play it. what a tradgedy, R.I.P Cliff!  &quot;Damage Inc.&quot;- 9/10. Not perfect, but a great Metallica song.  also a great way to end a great album. There you have it, one of the  greatest albums of all time, in some peoples eyes. If you want to start  listening to Metallica, and you don't know where to start, this album is  your best bet. If you are already a Metallica fan, and don't have this, you  don't know what you're missing. Buy this in a heartbeat and I give you my  word you won't be disappointed. Rock on Metallica!
B00003CWPR|4.0|Stanley Kubrick's final film is a haunting and memorable one. The casting of real-life couple Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman, serves to make Kubrick's  complex plot more believable. Once we get through the slow beginning, we  are taken into a new world of sexual exploration, and painstaking  perfection.    The film centers around Dr. Bill Hertford and his sultry  wife Alice. The couple faces infedelity, strange sexual encounters, and a  longing for other people. These elements take them into a strange two day  period.   Bill Hertford finds out shortly into the film that his wife  visualized their love making with another man. From there, he sets off in  search of answers and a way to ease his anger toward his wife. He thinks he  has found an answer to his problems when a an old friend from Med. School  invites him to a mansion for a &quot;party&quot;.   Once arriving, his  troubles at home are put aside. For he has entered the homebase of a cult  that thrives on strange rituals and sexual desire. After seeing a ritual  involving the saying of several Gregorian Chants and masked women, he is  warned to leave by an unknown masked woman. Not heeding the warning, he is  then caught by the cult's leader. His life is spared by the unknown woman,  and he leaves the mansion.   Not being able to shake the images of the  night before, he seeks clues as to who the cult are and what they do.  Sources that would have been reliable disappear. He is warned in the form  of a letter, and yet he does not give up. He will find out what happened,  and tell his wife everything. So concludes this film.   Director Stanley  Kubrick went to great lengths to make a great film. He built a wonderful  reproduction of NYC's Greenwich Village, and had a great cast of  characters. One word of advice, this film is not for everyone though. You  have to understand the plot, and accept Stanley Kubrick for what he was.  Which was a film genius. To those people like myself, I recommend this  great film. Afilm of perfection and greatness , it is truly a work of art.
B000002J1U|5.0|This is my favourite Led Zeppelin album. When Robert Plant and Jimmy Page  considered which songs to perform on their retrospective NO QUARTER, four  of them were from LZ III, more than any other album.  SINCE I'VE BEEN  LOVING YOU has been performed on each and every concert tour since the end  of 1969, including the two Page&amp;Plant tours in the 90's.  It pre-dates  and outlasted STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN.  Even critics of the band, point to  THAT'S THE WAY as one of the finest compositions from the Page-Plant duo.  After releasing two (2!) landmark albums in 1969, Led Zeppelin III offered  a change in direction which few pundits understood at that time.  IMMIGRANT  SONG packs the heavy punch which the fans of the first two albums would  have expected.  It encapsulates heavy metal's defining elements of a  driving beat and forceful vocals with a tale of mythic porportions.  Imitated to the point that these are now hackneyed.  SINCE I'VE BEEN LOVING  you also points backward, as does HATS OFF TO ROY HARPER which relishes in  Robert Johnson and GALLOWS POLE which is a rearrangement of a Leadbelly  standard.  These songs demonstrate the prowess of LZ as blues'  interpreters.  There are also sketches of what is to come.  OUT ON THE  TILES, a reference to the morning after a drinking binge, points to BLACK  DOG.  In the 1973 tour, the opening bars of OOTT were used to tease the  audience before BD.  TANGERINE, with it's chorded melody, crescendo solo  and balance of &quot;softness and hardness&quot; foreshadows STAIRWAY.  Off  in the distant future the rumblings of ACHILLES LAST STAND can be heard in  IMMIGRANT.  CELEBRATION DAY is a raucous romp whose lyrical ironies are  often overlooked.  Finally, for those who dig, the jewels of the album are  in the accoustic sets.  THAT'S THE WAY and FRIENDS are well written,  thoughtful songs, not quite what you would expect from god's hammer.   BRON-Y-AUR STOMP is a fun little ditty written to Robert's dog named  Strider, after a character in Tolkien's Fellowship of the Rings.  If you  are interested to know what Led Zeppelin is about, this album will be  interesting to you.
0671034065|2.0|If I had not read any other Linda Howard books, this one would be my last.  The romance is not real romantic, the thriller isn't real thrilling.   Definately not one of my favorites.
0131103628|5.0|All the nations know this book. The (Kernigan&amp;Ritchie +  Tondo&amp;Gimpel) is the best way to learn the C programming language  foundtations !
B0000057C5|4.0|Rammstein is great if you like industrial music.  Just one thing to add  here.  The lyrics of &quot;Du Hast&quot; are often mistranslated.  &quot;Du  hast&quot; means &quot;You have&quot;, as opposed to &quot;Du hat&quot;,  spelled &quot;Du hasst&quot; in English, which means &quot;You hate&quot;.   They sound exactly the same.  The lyrics are &quot;Du...du hast...du hast  mich...du hast mich gefragt...du hast mich gefragt und ich hab' nichts  gesagt.&quot;, which roughly means &quot;You...you have...you have me...you  asked me...you asked me and I haven't said anything.&quot;  This makes  sense in light of the later lyric &quot;Wirst du, bis der Tod euch  scheidet, treu sein, fr alle Tage?...Nein!&quot;, which is the common  Protestant marriage vow &quot;Will you be true for all days until death  parts you?...No!&quot;   If you mistake hast for hat, you get  &quot;You...you hate...you hate me...you hate me asked...you hate me asked  and I haven't said anything.&quot;  The result of translating hast as hat  is a bizzarre combination of a present tense verb and a past participle  that makes no sense in German, even poetically.  Just had to get that off  of my chest!
630521610X|5.0|An EXCELLENT film in all aspects for the average horror-lover.  The plot  is unique and enticing, with lots of twists and turns, the acting is  top-notch, TONS of suspense and scares, lots of comedic relief, all wound  into one cleverly fiendish movie.  Neve Campbell shines as Sidney, and  David Arquette is hilarious as Dewey Riley. 5 stars, A+, the BEST!
B000002H97|5.0|This CD is by far the best one metallica has to offer.  If your just  buying it now, you have missed alot.
B000002UA0|5.0|(OK, that's not my best title but oh well...)<br />We know Pink Floyd for The Wall, Dark Side of the Moon, The Division Bell and Wish You Were Here.  But  Piper at the Gates of Dawn...  The sound is very 60s yet somehow it's not.  It's very playful musically and lyrically.  This is indeed a reflection of  Syd Barrett's personality both on-drugs and off.<br />So is it a spectral  analysis of life (like Dark Side of the Moon)?  Or a journey from mental  isolation and emotional disassociation (like The Wall)?  Well no.  But it's  really good music.<br />(On a side note: I think Austin Powers should have  taken the opportunity and used a song from this album as part of the  soundtrack.  &quot;Lucifer Sam&quot; fits well with the movie in a strange,  surreal and dissimilar way)
1558908498|5.0|I didn't believe a horror movie worthy of Scream status could ever come  out, but I was wrong!  Scream 2 blows Scream out of the water, bringing  back a knife-happy killer to terrorize Neve Campbell and the rest of the  Scream cast, as well as some new faces.  Once again, the acting is great,  the movie is scary and funny at the same time, and you don't know whether  to cringe or laugh at some parts.  A GREAT MOVIE, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  Kudos to Wes, Kevin, and Neve!
B00003CXA2|5.0|Tom Hanks keeps the viewer eating out of his hand as he doles out a fabulous performance no one should miss.
6305603847|5.0|Naturally, this review is very biased because I am a Pink Floyd fan (and according to the Floyd Code for about 99.7% of my life!). However this is a pretty good visualization of _The Wall_. And of course it was a challenge to do because of the people involved and trying to create a movie based on music is somewhat difficult. The DVD is great as a design feature with snippets of various Pink Floyd songs and sounds. Oh yes, the commentary is wonderful with MST3K-like moments that keep it from being too bleak.
B00000IPAX|5.0|What i like about this CD in particular is that I like every single song.   That rarely happens to me.  I just recently started  taking lessons from  Travis Barker (the drummer) and after watching him drum the songs, i have a  new appreciation to the music.  This CD is a great intro to blink.  You can  then work your way backwards to Dude Ranch, Cheshire, etc...  If you guys  haven't caught them in concert, i suggest you do!
0380002930|5.0|i love books like this.  books that use personification of animals.   definately the most gripping book.  you gasp when one of the rabbits of the  warren on Watership Down gets hurt.  the author writes it so well that it  makess you feel like you're in the world of the rabbits.  also check out  the REDWALL series.
B00003W8NM|5.0|No matter who you are, wether you like it or not, this movie will stay with you long after it is over.  But if you are a single male between the  ages of 20 and 30, then this film is likely to strike a chord deep within  you as it brings to light many of the tacit frustrations we've silently yet  universally been suffering under:  the unreasonable lifestyle requirements  imposed upon us by our materialistic culture, the lack of direction or  definition for men in this modern age, etc.  This movie shows how one group  of men chose to cope with these issues, but the movie never claims that  their way was the only way or even a good way to cope.  This film does not  glorify violence like many of its critics claim.  This movie is simply  honest about violence. This show is an oasis of thought provoking substance  in an otherwise disappointing era of mindless movie waiste.  Fight Club has  found its way into my top three favorite movies of all time and it will  likely stay there for many years.
B00004U0QZ|5.0|Another amazing album from the boys, this album has an amazing variety of  songs, all of which are of a v.high standard... a must for all deftones  fans!
6305662371|5.0|one of the best horror flicks of all time. as scary as any movies made  before or after its release!
B00001IVQT|5.0|There's no question about this. Ashkenazy's April 1963 performance is equalled only by the superb technical skill of both orchestra and recording  engineers. I heartily endorse the previous reviewer's comments and urge  everyone to add this to their shopping basket
0451450523|5.0|i saw the Movie and read the Book and they both blew me away. this Book is  a good recommendation for you who likes Fantasies and J.R.R. Tolkein.
0393317552|4.0|I found this book to be very interesting and a good read, and made me  think about certain things in new and different ways.  Unfortunately,  Diamond has a tendency to repeat himself from chapter to chapter, so that  something he talked about in depth two chapters before he finds the need to  mention again in the current chapter.  I have also read &quot;The Third  Chimpanzee,&quot; and overall I found that to be a better read.  Having  read &quot;Guns&quot; before, though, I was able to follow the arguments in  &quot;Chimpanzee&quot; a bit more easily, since he made references to  people and places there that he did not elaborate on. Overall I find him to  be a very interesting writer and for anyone interested in human evolution  and history I would certainly recommend his books as an introduction.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Boy, from the looks of these Comments you think they were talking about  Batman and Robin or Ishtar, well folks this is a preety Damned Good Movie.  it's got everything that the whole family will love. it's got one-liner's,  Humor, Tears, a Good Music Score, Wonderful Special Effects, and everything  that a sci-fi lover can wish for. it's very Grand and entertaining and will  blow you to the Edge and a good DVD Buy. so Enjoy ^_^.
B0000025F7|5.0|Released the same week he turned 21, &quot;Off The Wall&quot; is still the perfect picture of Michael Jackson as a mature, supremely gifted, free and  wildly expressive artist. Sure, his follow-up in 1982 would sell a trillion  copies and dominate EVERY awards show, radio station, magazine cover and  generally saturate pop culture for years to come, but this masterwork was  (and still is) his finest moment. All the promise of his early years  fronting his brothers in the Jackson 5 is fulfilled in this sterling  collection of tracks. The most amazing thing about this seminal release is  how well it has aged. For an album that came out at the height of the disco  craze, it doesn't sound at all dated or embarrassing as much music from  that era does. The two biggest factors are this: Michael had finally grown  into a real SINGER, from the sexy falsetto he unveiled on &quot;Don't Stop  'Til You Get Enough&quot; the confident, unhurried phrasing on &quot;Rock  With You&quot; and &quot;Working Day &amp; Night&quot; to his tear-drenched  &quot;She's Out Of My Life&quot; and jazzy, serene vocals and scatting(!)  on the albums' centerpiece &quot;I Can't Help It&quot;, Michael has simply  never sounded better. He sings with such joy and abandon, that on songs  like &quot;Get On The Floor&quot; you can feel the excitement that must  have been bouncing off the walls during the recording sessions! The second  biggest factor is Quincy Jones' flawless production. The backing tracks he  provided Michael with are some of the sharpest, clearest and well balanced  ever heard on record. The CD reissue further emphasizes this point, making  Louis Johnson's bass, Paulhino DeCosta's percussion, the late Jeff  Porcaro's drums and Greg Phillinganes' keyboards sound as bright and crisp  as the day they were recorded!  In many ways, it's impossible to  overestimate the impact this LP had on popular music; it sold over 10  million copies at a time when the record industry was in a sales slump, it  crossed over into clubs but avoided being lost in a sea of repetitive,  mindless disco releases ( the ambitious title track with it's shifting  tempo and intricate band interplay assured that) and it single-handedly  assured Michael Jackson's place as an ADULT ARTIST not content to simply  relive the glories of his childhood and be relegated to a slot on some  oldies revue. THIS was Michael the man, the performer and a soon-to-be  legend claiming his spot as true music royalty.it  crossed over into clubs but avoided being lost in a sea of repetitive,  mindless disco releases ( the ambitious title track with it's shifting  tempo and intricate band interplay assured that) and it single-handedly  assured Michael Jackson's place as an ADULT ARTIST not content to simply  relive the glories of his childhood and be relegated to a slot on some  oldies revue. THIS was Michael the man, the performer and a soon-to-be  legend claiming his spot as true music royalty.
6305311463|5.0|what's the matter with everybody calling this a Bad Movie? all it is, is  just to park your Brain at the Door and enjoy it. well shame to them and if  you like ID4, Men in Black and Spaceballs then this is what you should buy.
B0000399WI|5.0|Great movie........but where in DVD's name is the special edition?
B00000JPH6|5.0|before CGI came, there was a film with Puppets that enchanted the children  of the 80's such as myself. it's very entertaining and adventure packed  that will enchant you every second.
B00002SSRZ|5.0|Among the superlative quality Music, the DTS 5.1 mix is fantastic, I wish   my other DTS CD's had the richness of this album. I couldn' believe how my  speakers came to life. This is a truly masterpiece.
B00000JPH5|5.0|a girl in a Maze full of monsters and must save her Brother from the evil  Goblin King is the plot to this Movie. personally this film is great and if  you like Star Wars with Episode I, Return to Oz, The Dark Crystal,  Transformers: The Movie, Pokemon and so much others then this is your film.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This creed secend cd and its reaay good i mean ya its not like band like  korn but hey it a ggd cd whit the bust song being what if?higer and whit  arms whid open. if you like creeds first cd than get this one
0767817478|1.0|when i went to see this hyped film in 1998 i was sooo disappointed. i mean  i do admire Roland Emmerich and Dean Devilin for StarGate and ID4, but some  people says this makes Ishtar and Howard the Duck look like Winners and i  myself did loved &quot; Howard The Duck&quot; but this Movie &quot;  Godzilla&quot; i really didn't like. save your Money on the ID4 DVD  instead.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I think slipknot is the best. this cd is so good i hope they make another  cd ... so go out an get this cd because you will love it, an be really  happy with it!!!!!!
B000002U6E|5.0|Hold it! Before you purchase this CD, please be aware that the Engima  group's very popular song ''Return to Innocence'' contains unauthorized  work. The wonderful native chants that we hear actually came from an  elederly aborigine couple who reside in Taiwan. When they visited France as  part of a cultural exchange tour, they recorded a promotional CD to  commeorate the event. They never knew that the French would eventually give  (or sell?) that CD to Engima which then turned it into a worldwide popular  recording. When they contacted the group, they were told that for any  recognition, they'd better have millions of dollars to handle legal  proceedings against a big company. <br />The chants you hear came from the  ''Jubiliant Drinking Song'' of the Ami tribe, one of the nine native tribes  of the island of Taiwan. Of course, the original artists' contribution is  neither acknowledged nor compensated. <br />Perhaps the recording industry and  recording groups, in their zealous fight against the free sharing of music  on the internet, should do something about their own actions!
B00000K19E|5.0|Marvelous and staggering, with everything but the kitchen sink. and this  Movie belongs in anyone's collection alongside Commando, Total Recall,  Brazil, Independence Day, Armageddon, Blade Runner, Gattaca, Return to Oz,  Dune, The Hobbit, Men in Black, Star Wars saga, Stargate, Neverending  Story, and many other Movies. A++++++
B000003TA4|5.0|What makes an album worth buying?  The answer is simple, the music.   Everyone knows what Nevermind did to the music on a large cultural scale,  but that simply isn't what make me want an album.  What you have here is 12  great songs, period.  The riffs are catchy so it doesn't get boring, the  mood it sets is the most diverse that you will find.  You hear rebellion,  humor, stories, but most of all passion. It is rare to hear music that is  sincere anymore, but Nevermind has that in spades.  Every word is something  that Kurt Cobain meant when he sang.  If you close your eyes and listen to  it at random you will find yourself wanting to be set free and when the  reality of the world you live in sets in this album will make you cry. What  makes this album what it is can't be named or described.  This album is an  experience and during its best moments a way of life, a feeling.  Good to  the last note this record can not be beat, you will enjoy it.
