1400034779|5.0|I can think of no better book for someone to read as their introduction to detective fiction.  The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency combines heart-warming values, love, a spunky female protagonist, African wildlife and every day problems into a delightful social commentary on the dangers and foibles of vanity and wealth.  Along the way, there are little problems to be solved, little in terms of Sherlock Holmes perhaps, but not so little in terms of the lives of the people in Botswana.<br />The structure of the book is a little unusual for detective fiction.  The main focus is on the life of Mma Precious Ramotswe, a round women in her late thirties with a failed marriage behind her, who starts a storefront detective agency with the money her father left her when he died.  Botswana doesn't have any other private detectives, and women usually have circumscribed roles in the society.  But Precious knows that women notice more than men, and should make good detectives.  Her father had hoped, instead, that she would buy an existing business.  Like most new business people, she worries about going broke.  She knows that first impressions count, so she buys and spruces up a building . . . and hires a secretary she cannot afford.  In the first month, the secretary's salary comes to more than Precious' income.<br />But as time passes, clients come to Precious with their problems.  Many are related to concerns about the fidelity of a husband.  Two involve missing persons.  Another looks at a teenage rebellion.  One seems like a psychiatric problem -- a doctor who alternates between being brilliant and incompetent.  These cases become like short stories built inside the novel.  Each story has a particularly rich African heritage . . . as does the flashback into her father's life as a miner.  Precious is a common sense detective.  She doesn't use advanced technology.  She hasn't had any formal training.  But she's dogged and willing to learn, and has an imaginative way of getting to the truth.<br />By her sex, her locale and her heritage, Precious is an underdog.  But she's an underdog who was raised with lots of love, and knows a good person when she sees one. By the African standards of her neighbors, she's relatively well-to-do . . . but life is a struggle because of attitudes towards women.  Anyone who feels that women can do anything they set their minds to will be cheering Precious on.<br />While this book may not sound cerebral, several of the mysteries (especially the man who disappeared while going to church, the strange doctor and the missing boy) have very sophisticated plot twists and confrontations with key witnesses that remind me of the best of the Perry Mason mysteries . . . except they are set in Botswana.<br />In the background, there's an emerging love interest between precious and Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni (who keeps her van running smoothly and helps in some of the mysteries) that spices up the book.<br />Anyone who reads this book with an open heart and mind will want to continue with the series.<br />As I finished this book, I found myself thinking about what views we all share today in the United States about what people can and cannot do that are false in reality.  Every time I see &quot;disabled&quot; athletes performing tasks that I would never dare to do, I realize that our limitations are in our minds.  Dare to do what you were born to do!  And lead with a loving heart.ing to the truth.  <br />By her sex, her locale and her heritage, Precious is an underdog.  But she's an underdog who was raised with lots of love, and knows a good person when she sees one. By the African standards of her neighbors, she's relatively well-to-do . . . but life is a struggle because of attitudes towards women.  Anyone who feels that women can do anything they set their minds to will be cheering Precious on.<br />While this book may not sound cerebral, several of the mysteries (especially the man who disappeared while going to church, the strange doctor and the missing boy) have very sophisticated plot twists and confrontations with key witnesses that remind me of the best of the Perry Mason mysteries . . . except they are set in Botswana.<br />In the background, there's an emerging love interest between precious and Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni (who keeps her van running smoothly and helps in some of the mysteries) that spices up the book.  <br />Anyone who reads this book with an open heart and mind will want to continue with the series.<br />As I finished this book, I found myself thinking about what views we all share today in the United States about what people can and cannot do that are false in reality.  Every time I see &quot;disabled&quot; athletes performing tasks that I would never dare to do, I realize that our limitations are in our minds.   Dare to do what you were born to do!  And lead with a loving heart.
0553573403|5.0|This is easily among the better series on the market.  More detailed and grittier than Terry Brooks (who I also generally recommend) and far more multi-dimensional than Jordan's typical fare (which gets a lower recommendation for one-dimensional characters).  Martin's characters are believable and well-developed, his world here has a sense of impending danger that builds masterfully, and his writing keeps you guessing...and surprises you in ways that you may not always like.  There is no formula here.  The only things that irk me just a little are the lack of an alpahbetic glossary (the listings he includes are not alphabetical and not particularly helpful), and his tendency to end every book with a &quot;to be continued&quot; ending.  Since it's taken him four years to produce his fourth installment (judging from the copyright date of the third), I would appreciate a conclusion to the current storylines.  The good news, if you're just picking up the first, is that there are some 4,000 pages of story waiting for you, including the soon-to-be-released fourth novel.  I highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of fantasy novels.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin Degraw's album Chariot is the best album i own.  I first heard about Gavin on the WB's show One Tree Hill. I was instantly hooked to his voice.  I went to a concert and to my surprise he was the guest.  After hearing him singing live i had to buy the album, the album was better than i thought it would be! This IS a must have album for every one!
B00005JLF5|4.0|Ben Sisko (Avery Brooks) is commissioned by Starfleet to an old Cardassian space station called Terok Nor which Starfleet has re-named Deep Space Nine to safeguard the planet Bajor. He later discovers a stable wormhole to the Gamma Quadrant and is chosen as the Emissary by a race of aliens known as &quot;The Prophets&quot;<br />BEST EPISODE: DUET
B00008DDHZ|5.0|January 30, 1972 went down as one of the most horrific days in Irish history. A march scheduled in Derry, Northern Ireland to protest the British policy of internment, a policy used to lock up Irish &quot;troublemakers&quot; without benefit of a trial. An organization called the Derry Civil Rights Movement, a peaceful group dedicated to using non-violent tactics to effect change and supported by MP Ian Cooper, planned to march through the city in order to make their objections to the British policy well known. The British, racked by incessant troubles in Northern Ireland for years, steadfastly demanded that the march not take place. To punctuate their position, the Brits brought in the &quot;Paras,&quot; or the British First Parachute Regiment, to break up the peace march. Throw in the usual conflict between Irish Catholics marching through a predominantly Irish Protestant neighborhood, and you can guess what happened next. The Brits panicked and opened fire on unarmed civilians, killing thirteen people and wounding many more. Immediately after the debacle, the British government went into cover-up mode. Known forever after as Bloody Sunday, the events of January 1972 continue to divide the British, Irish Catholics, and Irish Protestants.<br />Two British filmmakers decided to examine the events leading up to the scurrilous massacre in Derry in this 2002 docudrama aptly titled &quot;Bloody Sunday.&quot; Surprisingly, depending on what view you take concerning the mess that is Northern Ireland, the filmmakers fully support the theory that the British bear most of the responsibility for the massacre. According to the film, the British &quot;high command&quot; made it clear to the rank and file that there would be no march through Derry that day. An environment of inflexibility from the top down virtually guaranteed repressive violence, and so there was. Watching the film recreate the events of January 30th is a gut wrenching experience, especially as the marchers near the barricades in the Catholic Bogside neighborhood. When the Paras finally open up on the crowd, they aren't shooting rubber bullets. Protestors are executed after falling to the ground, fired upon while attempting to retrieve wounded comrades, and shot in the back as they run from the British killers. The Army claimed Irish Republican Army militants mingled with the crowd and fired first, thus provoking an appropriate response from the Paras. Yeah, right. This claim became the basis for the findings of several British inquiries into the massacre, a claim that completely ignored or marginalized the fact that the Derry Civil Rights Movement was a peaceful organization merely protesting an illegal government policy.<br />To help construct the lengthy narrative required to put the event into context, the filmmakers focus their attentions on Irish MP Ian Cooper (James Nesbitt) and a young Irish man recently released from jail who ultimately takes part in the march with disastrous consequences. Most of the attention goes to Nesbitt's Cooper, a man stridently fighting for the right to peacefully protest the internment policy. His character roams the streets of Derry, handing out flyers about the march, attempting to keep the protest going in the face of concerns about British actions, and working hard to keep the IRA out of the picture. Simultaneously, we see the British soldiers planning their response to the protest. There's a crusty general with a no nonsense attitude about any organized activity in Northern Ireland (he simply won't have it whether it's the IRA or non-violent protestors), and his underlings who express a bit more concern about the proceedings. Of particular note are the behind the scenes looks at the Paras, young men with a lot of bravado and a negative attitude about the Irish people. Yes, the film takes these young commandos to task, but it also shows how fear of the Irish marchers led directly to murder.<br />&quot;Bloody Sunday&quot; is shot using hand held cameras and dramatic fade-outs and fade-ins to add a dimension of slowly unfolding tension to the actions of the characters, and it works. I felt sick to my stomach as I watched soldiers gunning down innocent civilians, felt deeply moved as Ian Cooper anguished over having to inform families about the deaths of their loved ones, and felt my Irish blood rise as the credits rolled to the tune of U2's &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday.&quot; There is a scene towards the end of the film where Cooper holds a press conference to discuss the massacre, and he grimly tells the assembled journalists that the British just gave the IRA its greatest victory. Sure enough, the Irish Republican Army gained hundreds of recruits after the killings, a fact hammered home in the film during a scene when young men line up to receive weapons from an IRA safehouse. I cannot say I blame these kids; I would have joined up too after such an egregious incident even though violence often causes more problems than solutions.<br />The DVD edition of &quot;Bloody Sunday&quot; comes with a lot of extras, including an interview with an elderly Ian Cooper about the events of January 1972, a trailer, interviews with Nesbitt and other cast members, a couple of commentaries, and a great looking widescreen transfer. We will never know for sure what exactly happened on that bloody day, but this movie goes a long way towards presenting a more balanced interpretation of events. If the British had only admitted to SOME wrongdoing in Derry, and there was British wrongdoing, many subsequent deaths may have been averted. Perhaps this film will help lead to relief of sorts for the beleaguered Irish still struggling under British influence. Whatever your view, &quot;Bloody Sunday&quot; is a gripping film well worth watching.ng hand held cameras and dramatic fade-outs and fade-ins to add a dimension of slowly unfolding tension to the actions of the characters, and it works. I felt sick to my stomach as I watched soldiers gunning down innocent civilians, felt deeply moved as Ian Cooper anguished over having to inform families about the deaths of their loved ones, and felt my Irish blood rise as the credits rolled to the tune of U2's &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday.&quot; There is a scene towards the end of the film where Cooper holds a press conference to discuss the massacre, and he grimly tells the assembled journalists that the British just gave the IRA its greatest victory. Sure enough, the Irish Republican Army gained hundreds of recruits after the killings, a fact hammered home in the film during a scene when young men line up to receive weapons from an IRA safehouse. I cannot say I blame these kids; I would have joined up too after such an egregious incident even though violence often causes more problems than solutions.<br />The DVD edition of &quot;Bloody Sunday&quot; comes with a lot of extras, including an interview with an elderly Ian Cooper about the events of January 1972, a trailer, interviews with Nesbitt and other cast members, a couple of commentaries, and a great looking widescreen transfer. We will never know for sure what exactly happened on that bloody day, but this movie goes a long way towards presenting a more balanced interpretation of events. If the British had only admitted to SOME wrongdoing in Derry, and there was British wrongdoing, many subsequent deaths may have been averted. Perhaps this film will help lead to relief of sorts for the beleaguered Irish still struggling under British influence. Whatever your view, &quot;Bloody Sunday&quot; is a gripping film well worth watching.
B00000JR29|5.0|This was one of the most moving albums I have ever listened to.
B00018D3RI|5.0|Of course this latest DVD release just had to come out around the time the movie is due to be released, and really this is one of those cop shows that stuck to my mind as i was growing up. There is one thing that I remember the most about this show, and of course it is the infamous \\"Red Tomato\\" or more importantly that Red Torino with the huge white stripe on the side that this show was known for. I can recall doing several rendtions of this car in my notebooks at school, and this DVD release looks really appealing to me. Lets hope the rest of the years come out later.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|this cd is absolutely great from beginning to end. no filler songs really, every track is sick. this is the best mix of metalcore/melodic/emocore whatever ive ever heard. beautiful guitar work and solos. the drummer is very talented and combines many musical styles. do not think twice about buying this cd. you wont take it out of your cd player for a very long time.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|I have never heard such a contrived and repetitive album. I bought this, and I don't know Why?. Because it was (apparently) the most sold CD yet. But....(Laughs)....I kinda feel sorry for Britney Spears....Because she is a wannabe Madonna, and using Madonna to get far was a bad mistake because everyone but EVERYONE is talking about it and you know what the sad part is?...she's too brainless to realize it. <br />All she cares about is herself, its always 'ME against the music, and I'm overprotected...etc....How more conceited can you possibly get?. I tried to force myself to listen to this CD, but I got as far as track 6 when I realized, GOD....what a waste of my time and money this is. And now I will NEVER EVER make the mistake of buying another Britney Spears CD. <br />If you had to say to me get Christina Aguilera's or Madonna's new album, I'd be able to relate to you, because AT least X-Tina has a soft soothing and yet a ''BEAUTIFUL'' voice, in addition to that you have Madonna who occupies the more sophisticated and digital side of Pop & Trip-Hop with tunes like ''Power Of Goodbye'' & ''Frozen''. Whether as on this CD you get Britney Spears who poorly manages to maintain a clear and motivating sound. This is not what you call music, its just a noisy album with pitiable meaningless lyrics and vocals. <br />Sorry Spears, Maybe You Should Quit Your Day Job?. It's a waste of time, only reason why you're selling so many Copies is because...No doubt it's all the Teeny-Bop Teenagers who rush out to the CD store to buy this garbage. It's hardly like that you'd find an adult over the age of 24 who likes Britney Spears...(In musical terms).<br />Now I have to sell this garbage for what it's worth = Next to nothing.
B00011RPB0|1.0|I like bill murray, but this movie was aweful.<br />Charlotte is a pretentious little snot and you can just see coppola living vicariously through her. This is basically a movie about a self-absorbed little girl who has the hots for an over-the-hill but presumably very rich actor. murray plays the sleasball well, the only thing worth watching in this movie.<br />The plot, what there is of it, is weak -- Poor charlotte has to suffer lonliness in her 5-star hotel room for a week while her hobby go plays photographer. They're in the bar, their in their rooms, they're in a nightclub.<br />blah.<br />no story, no imagination, pretentious, insufferable, adolescent.<br />basically, what you'd expect from a pampered little b--ch like sofia coppola.
B000006045|5.0|This is one of the most flawless albums to have come into the history of music. With its unique lush, semi-pulse and almost menacing beats. <br />''Angel'' is by far the best song from this album, that VOICE!...God it's so sedative and stirring. It's one of my ultimate favorites ever by Massive Attack. ''Risingson'' WOW!...I love the way this song starts off, the first two tracks are the best off this retail- however the album also features some other good moments like on the title track ''Mezzanine'', ''Teardrop'', ''Black Milk''. <br />I liked this album, but? my only disappointment was that there was no Tracy Thorn this time round, her vocals would have gone so well with 2 or 3 tracks from this CD, but?- don't let that deter you. ''Mezzanine'' shares its equally good moments as ''Blue Lines'' and ''Protection''.<br />Massive Attack is one of the most flawless crews I've ever come across, (Ok- Portishead, Everything But The Girl, Hooverphonic are also pretty good too.)<br />They've done fantastic work for other artists too- Absolutely Timeless!, (however) one of my ultimate Massive Attack favorites is not included on this album (it's actually not included on any of their albums), its a pretty old track now (from 1996), but it definitely features one of their best moments, the track ''I Want You'' pt.1 and pt.2 with Madonna (was incredible, with those intimidating dark beats). For those two tracks you might have to pick up the ''Something To Remember'' album by Madonna, also pick up ''Dummy'' by Portishead, ''Protection'', ''Blue Lines'', ''100th Window'' By Massive Attack- oh and if you're looking for something different the don't forget to pick up ''No Protection'' Mad Professor -Vs- Massive attack retail.<br />This deserves ten stars, I don't think 5 is enough, since this is not ordinary bubble-gum music, it's sensational and cool music.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Are you even a slight DT fan? Buy this album! I put it off for a while due to the negative hype, but I wish I had purchased it on its release date.  TOT is amazing! Each DT album has its own mood and character, and this is not different, but I'm talking greatness in the realm of &quot;Awake.&quot;<br />I listened to this album 2 times through before writing. All the tracks are enjoyable, but Endless Sacrifice and In The Name of God strike me as instant classics. The walking bass line leading into the simple groove 5.5 minutes into Stream of Consciousness had me giving a standing ovation.  As a whole, the guitar barks more than in previous albums, but this is not a thrasher album. The heavy guitars, intricate keys, mind-blowing drums, and great melodies that all DT fans love are present in this album.  Don't delay - BUY IT NOW!!!
B0000AQVCL|4.0|Yes, these guys steal from every power chord rock band known. No, this stuff won't change your life.  No, it's not genius. But yes, it's one heck of a good time.  <BR>Basically, it's AC/DC, Rolling Stones, Black Crowes, Kiss, and some BTO for fun. No apologies, just good time rock and roll.
0694515302|5.0|I have never been a full-fledged business owner although I worked for one as his business fell apart. Had he had this book I might still have that job.<br />Gerber takes his cue from the fact that most small businesses close after less than five years. You'd think that facing these odds the world would be full of books on the reasons why and how to avoid them, but this is the first one I've seen.<br />As you read you'll be struck by his understanding of the people who set up business, and also by the clarity of his solution. Yes, to some degree it's an advertisment for his consulting services, but there's plenty of advice.<br />I feel that a local business I frequent is beginning to enter a period of decline, and I wish I knew the owner well enough to give him a copy.<br />Incidentally, I didn't notice any of the problems other reviewers have mentioned, and in one case the book went right over the head of of one.<br />I expect to re-read this book several times, and I'm looking at some of the other Gerber titles.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|Oh don't get me wrong -- this is a great collection and definitely value for money.  Congratulations to Sony Classical for pulling it together.<br />In one sense it's a very satisfying purchase:  even though the second of the two discs in this set goes a little bit astray in including some selections that are less compelling to the listener or even as musically interesting, it's a broadly representative sweep of Mr William's scoring career -- a little biased towards his more recent scores, perhaps, but even that's OK, 'coz that's when he's been writing with more conviction and authority.  (Or, perhaps more pertinently, that's when Sony started having a market interest in films and soundtracks.)<br />But in another sense, this set has the paradoxical drawback of all good compilations:  it leaves you wanting more.<br />And at the risk of disagreeing with Jason Verlinde, Amazon.com's reviewer, I did not find all the soundtrack moments I'd expect!  There are so many moments of great passion and musical lyricism that have flowed from John William's pencil (or his music compositional software, for all I know) that they definitely can't all be done justice in a single two-disc collection.<br />Where, for instance, are the themes from his disaster-movie epics, The Towering Inferno, Earthquake and the Poseidon Adventure ?  His early TV-based sci-fi stuff, like The Time Tunnel, Land of the Giants or Lost in Space ?  His all-but-forgotten romanticisms, like his awesome score for Dracula, or for Sugarland Express, Cinderella Liberty, Always, and Stanley &amp; Iris ?  His westerns, among them The Cowboys, the River and The Missouri Breaks ?  His other fantasy pieces, among them The Fury, The Witches of Eastwick, and Articial Intelligence: AI ?And his historical pieces, like Midway, Nixon, Amistad, Angela's Ashes or The Patriot ?<br />OK.  My point is made, I believe.  There is just so much John Williams has written that is worth hearing.  And while Mr Verlinde is correct in saying that (for many of these films) full OST releases are also available on CD, for those of us who enjoy John Williams' Tchaikovsky-like ability to produce an unending supply of rich, evocative musical themes, compilations are really the best answer.  His music, as so many film-makers have commented, is so dramatic and versatile that it quickly becomes like an unscripted character in most movies in which it participates, to the degree that, broadly, to separate most of his tracks from the scene in which they appear is to discard much of their power and musical value.  We can only be grateful that Mr Williams has developed the habit of creating musical cues in most of his movies where his themes and motifs are clearly, powerfully stated.  And it's these cues, often, that make for the best listening, outside watching the entire film itself.<br />So, Sony, it's over to you.  There's plenty of room, plenty of material, for volumes two, three, four ...  Even most of the films that have been represented in this current set have plenty more musical cues that could also appear in a compilation of this caliber.<br />In the meantime, this highly-recommended set is a great place to start listening to John Williams' extraordinary film music.  I don't think there's a dud track in the entire collection.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|In the Zone is easily one of the best albums released in 2003 and I feel it's not getting the recognition it deserves.  It's clear that Britney put a lot of hard work into making this album special and the results are truly fantastic!  I advise you to ignore the pathetic haters and pick this album up immediately!  Every song is great and has something different to offer the listener, whether it's techno, edgy dance pop, hip-hop, or slow ballads.  I promise you won't be disappointed, this is the best pop music has to offer!
B0000E5PEE|5.0|Dulce Pontes turns cinematic themes from the Morricone repertoire into songs in English, Italian, Spanish, and Portuguese, and she is breathtaking in most of them. She embellishes Morricone's compositions with an epic grandeur that few other singers could have achieved. Her voice is very potent and playful, yet subtle when necessary. I'm always surprised by how gracefully her vocals succeed at recreating the absurdity, the nuances, and the overwhelming beauty of Morricone's eccentric musical temperament. My favorite songs are those in English, particularly &#34;Your Love&#34; (with music from Once Upon a Time in the West). Dulce's elegant venture into a Brazilian arrangement makes &#34;Nosso Mar&#34; another favorite of mine. Her greatest achievement, however, is probably &#34;No Ano Que Vem&#34;, a song inspired by Jerusalem and set to the strangely upbeat music from the film Maddalena.  Focus is a superb accomplishment in Dulce's career. In the end, one could not possibly deny her the classical stature of Ennio Morricone.
B00000ING2|5.0|I have loved all the films that the Coen Brothers have produced. This one was a bit of a surprise, Tim Robbins was an excellant choice for his part. I didn't even know it was a Coen Bros. movie until after about the first 30 minutes, then the light bulb in my head came on, and I KNEW it had to be. I enjoy their brand of humor and tongue in cheek quips, it was recognizable. Like the early Marx Bros. movies, I love the pace and that its often better the second time watching it. I like the undertones like that of a Brit made movie.
6304708521|5.0|And you still don't believe the Beatles invented the MTV Video? Well What THE HELL DO YOU THINK THIS IS?....The Surreal Life?
B0000029DD|5.0|Turn the lights off, start the music, and let this voice wash over you.  This is one of the handful of cds that I will be listening to forever.  One of the greats.  If you haven't heard Jeff Buckley yet, you are in for a treat.
B00009L1TA|2.0|Coming on the sucess of military thrillers, like A Few Good Men, and The Generals Daughter and with a great cast, Jackson, Travolta, Sanchez, Ribisi, Diggs, and a great trailer, Basic falls short and doesn't make it through basic training.<br />Samuel L Jackson stars as Col West a basic DI in the Army Rangers unit. Jackson leads a team of Rangers into the Jungles of Panama and sure enough, you guessed it something goes wrong. Two Rangers survive and a rescue chopper captures the firefight. West is killed and a young Ranger survives along with a Generals Son of course. Travolta an ex-ranger is brought in to interogate a subject who won't talk to anybody. Somehow with a donut (Yes a donut) the man talks. Travolta is then told of a the generals son who survives played by Giovani Ribisi (You can bet he fired his agent after this.) Between the two men the stories differ and you find yourself eventually saying Who cares who killed West, when's this movie going to end. Travolta and Sanchez do a good job as a team and just when it's wrapped up so you think, another twist is revealed which causes you to just bang your head and say NO MORE! NO MORE! The ending makes no sense, answers no questions and throws the whole plot out the window. <br />I was so dissapointed. I was looking forward to this movie and sadly wasted a netflix rental on it. If you like the cast, wait for TBS or TNT to air it as it should have been a TV movie. <br />Yet another Travolta bomb. &lt;Shakes Head&gt;
B000060OFT|5.0|We have been watching this movie in our eighth grade English class, as well as reading the play Romeo and Juliet, as well as meeting with our Shakespearean expert who just happens to work at our school to act out scenes. Not only that, but we have also been studying the Shakespeare's time period. That being said, let me also say that Shakespeare was not this serious man who didn't understand comedy. In fact it was quite the opposite. True, Romeo and Juliet is a tragedy but is a comedy as well. That's how most of his works are. An example of this is how he would cast men as women. Just the sight of this would bring laughs from the audience. With all that understood, the movie Romeo and Juliet is a great adaptation.<BR>We have only watched the first 30 minutes, and I might add more to this review once we finish it, or when I get the DVD, whichever comes first! But I loved the newscaster as the chorus. What a  creative touch. As for the swords or guns controversy, this is set in modern times. Who uses swords in our day? But to keep the Old English was smart. After all, what is Romeo and Juliet without Old English? It would not be the same. I mean, the famous Queen Mab's speech in anything but Old English? Hard to imagine. And te contrast between Old English and modern times was a very interesting one. And even if it was written in today's language, it would be too much like West Side Story. They wanted to stick to the roots of Romeo and Juliet. Also for all those people who criticized Mercutio for being a drag queen, he is not a drag queen or a transvestite. Well what can I say? This is the modern version. The performance given by Leonardo DiCaprio is great, he speaks Old English like he's spoken it his entire life. However Juliet, I don't quite agree with. I don't think she brought her best to this film. The acting isn't the best and she looks quite bland compared to Romeo, who is quite handsome, and I don't really understand the whole Cuban thing with Juliet's family.<BR>All in all, a great film, one that must be seen with an open mind, otherwise don't even bother to watch it at all. It was filmed to show today's fourteen year old's that yes, Shakespeare lived in the 1600's and true, Romeo and Juliet takes place in the 1400's but it has a universal message of love, one that can still be understood today, even if it is 2004.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This is one of the greatest rap/hip-hop cds i have ever heard. Kanye West brings music to a whole new level, if you like any kind of music you will love this cd.
B00005QJDG|3.0|JLB's vocals let the whole thing down. Everybody else does a superb job and not a note from the studio album is missed. However JLB is out of tune a lot of the time which really detracts from the album as a whole. A Change of Seasons is great though.
B00004YYDI|5.0|This is a very good film. I have seen it so many times and I still watch with joy. This story is about a girl named Matilda. She is 10 years old. Her family was all murdered with her witnessing it. She had to run and hide. She found Leon. Leon cared for her, protected her. He even died for her. Wonderful film. Funny, unpredictable and action packed!
B00018D44U|5.0|I should have it rated 4.5 because it's just a tad lower compared to the first album. I think the recording was better sounding.  Despite I was already a biased Norah fan, I admit that it was ho-hum at first but the longer you listen to it, the songs just become so endearing, tugging at the heartstrings.  This is very Norah, I didn't get hooked on the first album until I gave it several tries.  &quot;Humble Me&quot; is very touching.  I encourage those who rate this album poorly to give it more tries, for your own sake!  It's to your lost.  To the one who criticized the material used in the liner, it's called &quot;style&quot;.  That was the style that the album designer chose to use to be unique.  Glossy paper is not used necessarily to every liner.  Overall, this album is a winner.  The singer and the instrumentals, in their own style, is very classy and definitely not cheap.
B000068TP0|5.0|This is the best DVD I've ever bought!  My first exposure to Shakira was the single, &quot;Whenever, Wherever&quot;.  I thought she was just another pop singer and really wasn't that impressed.  Then I caught the last two songs of this Unplugged performance and my life was forever changed.  I don't care what kind of music you like (personally I hate pop music) Shakira is incrediable!!!  The music is unbelievable and she is soooo hot with her red/brown hair.  Thank you Shakira for recording this performance!!!
B000001FDQ|2.0|Yngwie Malmsteem is a very skilled, proficient guitarist--I can't deny that. However, for all his technical skill and neo-classical chops, he can't write an actual song to save his life.<br />Most of the tracks on this, his 1984 debut, are instrumentals (understandably his forte). Basically Malmsteem shreds all over the place, and while his solos are feats of precision and accuracy, they are ultimately soulless. He never once, in this blaze of masturbatury arpeggios and arrogant showboating licks, let the guitar just BREATHE. This forever sets Yngwie apart from who I consider the true virtuosos--Hendrix, McLaughlin, Zappa, SRV, Joe Pass, David Gilmour, Duane Allman, Robert Fripp. Then you have the metal guitarists that came after him, like Peter Lindgren (Opeth), Fredrik Thordendal (Meshuggah, Special Defects) and Chuck Schuldiner (Death), who have at least equal technique and speed but also brought innovative songwriting to the table. Yngwie can't claim such a thing.<br />When Yngwie actually tries to construct a song, it inevitably stinks. Singer Jeff Scott Soto is downright cheesy and laughable, and the lyrics are on par with other '80s \\"legends\\" like Poison and Warrant. The backing band is decent, but that's all they are--a backing band. They never try to assert themselves or actually contribute to the song worth a fart (to be fair, that's also Yngwie playing bass thanks to overdubs). It's a shame that many guitarists since Yngwie's introduction have based their playing on how many notes they can fit in a measure, rather than actually being entertaining or writing a good composition. This is the reason why neo-classical \\"shred\\" will always be a joke.<br />Ultimately, this album hasn't held up very well over time, and neither will anything else that Malmsteem has created, thanks to his massive ego and steadfast lack of progression. If you want to hear some incredible guitar playing without the self-indulgence, there are so many other better albums and artists to choose from.ists to choose from.
B00014K5TQ|2.0|The film feels under-populated and low-budget.  I gave it 2 stars because I enjoyed Seth Green's portrayal of James St. James & also because I laughed a couple of times at Marilyn Manson as Christina.  Besides that, this is amateur night at the movies.  As enthralled as I was with this story, even its source material leaves alot to be desired.  St. James' \\"Disco Bloodbath\\" hardly feels like the last word on such a milestone event in NYC night life history.  The book was pretty bad, to put it bluntly.  St James, I hope that trust fund is still pumping out funds.      Nobody in this film really feels like their inhabiting their roles.  Even Green, who is admittedly amusing in several scenes, I didn't necessarily buy as a gay club kid.  And speaking of which, Culkin is not exactly setting the world on fire as an adult performer.  At least Green commands some self confidence.  But Culkin still feels unsure of himself.  Manson seems to inhabit his role better than Culkin.  Culkin just comes across like he's playing dress-up at home.  Not recommended and the 2 stars is extremely generous.
B00005AFMT|5.0|Robert Fripp is one of my favorite musicians. Not only is he an amazing guitarist and composer, his creation the immortal King Crimson embodies the term of \\"progressive rock\\" like no other band. Over its 30-year lifespan, King Crimson has undergone so many lineup alterations and changes in sound that it's hard to keep track, but the result is always true to Fripp's evolving vision.<br />After 1975's incredible Red, King Crimson was disbanded. Robert declared that he would continue to operate as \\"a small, intelligent, highly mobile unit\\" (whatever that means). After fruitful collaborations with David Bowie and Brian Eno, and his own experiments in ambeint music, Fripp decided to resurrect the King in 1981. Except for \\"batterie\\" Bill Bruford, the lineup was new (and stayed unchanged for more than one album, a Crimson first). Adrian Belew, formerly of the Talking Heads, was the new vocalist and also added a second guitar, while session master Tony Levin added his ample talents on bass as well as the Chapman Stick, a 12-string instrument that is a prominent feature in this and later Crimson releases.<br />What's really noticeable is how big of a departure Discipline is from Red. No longer the heavy, cerebral, avant/fusion/metal of the previous lineup, the new lineup sounds more like the Talking Heads taken in a more \\"prog\\" direction (being a fan of the T-Heads, that is a compliment). Bruford's polyrhythmic African-sounding percussion is a standout. He relies way more on his skins and very rarely on cymbals, which is a major change from his previous style. Moreover, his drumming is less \\"busy\\" here, less jazzy. The twin guitars add a totally new element to the band--no longer does Fripp dominate. There are lots of fleet arpeggiated guitar lines, often in harmony with each other. However this isn't dry or boring, but downright melodic and even (gasp!) funky. While this isn't overtly commercial by any means, I could see this album (along with its followup Beat) being played on the radio. ...<br />Another attribute present in Discipline that was missing in past Krim incarnations is a sense of humor. Belew's quirky, David Byrne-esque voice does an especially good job with the funky Elephant Talk (a favorite of mine) and fiery, deranged Indiscipline where he sounds totally out of his gourd, the victim of a strange obsessive urge to look at \\"it\\" (we're never told what \\"it\\" is). He's also got a great voice for ballads--Frame By Frame achieves an expansive, relaxed feel despite the frenetic guitars, and Matte Kudasai is downright gorgeous, something you couldn't really say for most early Krim. Thela Hun Ginjeet is a strange one, with tribal-sounding chants and tape loops depicting some sort of altercation in the city amid wild, overdriven guitars.<br />After Thela Hun Ginjeet, the album gives way to instrumentals. The Sheltering Sky is a trance-inducing ambient soundscape, with the guitars taking on some truly otherworldly sounds. The African rhythms are really pronounced in this track, and the resulting atmosphere is amazing and unique. I'd even go as far as to say that this might be my favorite King Crimson instrumental. The title track isn't quite as good, but it is still an interesting listen. I love the way the guitars harmonize, break off into distinct lines, then come back together again for the coda. The sound is mechanical yet very fluid, and the rhythm section once again is distinct.<br />This is my second-favorite Krim release, after Red. While Discipline doesn't hit the highs that Red does with Starless and its title track, this is more consistent and more palatable for the first-time Krim listener. Actually, this is where I suggest you start exploring. Then check out Red, Larks' Tongues In Aspic, In The Court Of The Crimson King, and THRAK (in that order).ayed on the radio. ...   <br />Another attribute present in Discipline that was missing in past Krim incarnations is a sense of humor. Belew's quirky, David Byrne-esque voice does an especially good job with the funky Elephant Talk (a favorite of mine) and fiery, deranged Indiscipline where he sounds totally out of his gourd, the victim of a strange obsessive urge to look at \\"it\\" (we're never told what \\"it\\" is). He's also got a great voice for ballads--Frame By Frame achieves an expansive, relaxed feel despite the frenetic guitars, and Matte Kudasai is downright gorgeous, something you couldn't really say for most early Krim. Thela Hun Ginjeet is a strange one, with tribal-sounding chants and tape loops depicting some sort of altercation in the city amid wild, overdriven guitars. <br />After Thela Hun Ginjeet, the album gives way to instrumentals. The Sheltering Sky is a trance-inducing ambient soundscape, with the guitars taking on some truly otherworldly sounds. The African rhythms are really pronounced in this track, and the resulting atmosphere is amazing and unique. I'd even go as far as to say that this might be my favorite King Crimson instrumental. The title track isn't quite as good, but it is still an interesting listen. I love the way the guitars harmonize, break off into distinct lines, then come back together again for the coda. The sound is mechanical yet very fluid, and the rhythm section once again is distinct. <br />This is my second-favorite Krim release, after Red. While Discipline doesn't hit the highs that Red does with Starless and its title track, this is more consistent and more palatable for the first-time Krim listener. Actually, this is where I suggest you start exploring. Then check out Red, Larks' Tongues In Aspic, In The Court Of The Crimson King, and THRAK (in that order).
B000002KDW|4.0|i remember my dad playing this record when i was a kid. The faces was a a band that became part of the foundation of the genre of music that i love today as an adult. the only other band that a can think of that came close to the sound of early rod stewart is the black crowes. This is a decent album to have. one of those you can play all the way through.
B0000AFQS0|5.0|At first I wasn't sure whether I would like this or not. I thought the interviews may be boring, but they were great examples of the Who's band members. Even the shorts with the Who's songs were funny, and were considered the basis of modern music video. The best part about the Kids Are Alright, however, was the live performances. The Who was known for their wild live shows, and they examples on this DVD are great, especially Sparks at Woodstock. Great music, great interviews, great band, great DVD. Period.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|This was one of the three best movies I saw last year. I cannot say enough good things about the performance of Bill Murray. Sofia Coppola may not have been a great actress, but she certainly is a great director. What a wonderful film.
B00005MCX2|5.0|The awesome power of this CD has to be heard to be believed.  Hawkwind have no parallel anywhere or at any time.  I've owned this album since it was on vinyl in 1973, I own it on CD and I'm still playing it at home and in the car. <BR>The bass on Orgone Accumulator (Lemmy, later of Motorhead) is phenomenal, as is the drumming throughout of Simon King.  There are no silences between tracks, one incredible wall of sound segues beautifully into the next, interspersed with some short bursts of science fantasy lyrics to make you think - 10 Seconds of Forever is an everlasting conundrum.<BR>Brainstorm, Master of the Universe, 7 by 7, the list goes on and on.<BR>Like I said, this is and always will be the greatest recording of a live show there is.  Buy it.
B000021YQV|5.0|I can say that this cd is just awesome. Not as good as their first but it still gets the same five stars. it really threw me off the first time i heard it because the different sound, its  got some mid eastern influences and its a bit mellow but that just makes it better. Its still got some nice heavy tracks, some fast tracks, and even mellow just chill out and rock tracks. I'm a big fan of System and this album makes me love this band even more. With songs like Atwa and Toxicity, chop suey! Aerials, Science ect ect ect...it really does have a song for everybody and they are all five star songs in my eyes. You must buy this cd if your into this band, even if you aren't i'm sure after listning to it you'll change your mind. Best CD right under the self titled but both hold their own weight.
B00005AQE8|5.0|This is the best CD ever made.  Nothing compares to 2pac's lyrics and the beats on this album.  (The beats thanks to Johnny &quot;J&quot;, Daz, Dr. Dre, and more.)  Every single track on here is great, and one of the best things about &quot;Eyez&quot; is that there are no skits or &quot;fillers&quot;.  &quot;California Love&quot;, &quot;Can't C Me&quot;, &quot;2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted&quot;, and &quot;Shorty Wanna Be a Thug&quot; are just scratching the surface of the best songs on this double-disc classic.  I love all 27 songs, and if you don't have this album, you need to get this either today or tomorrow.  Just ask any rapper out there who has tried to steal beats or lyrics from &quot;All Eyez on Me&quot; if this is a masterpiece of a CD.  This is way better than any of the stuff being put out today, and better than any CD made in the future, simply meaning that 2pac was the realest and best rapper ever to live.  This CD and &quot;The 7 Day Theory&quot;(Makaveli) are the best Pac albums, but out of all the CD's out there in the music industry, this one is simply the best.
B00007E8V4|5.0|Well where to start, this cd is just way out in left field. Its got some crazy tunes on it an some really awesome awesome slower songs. One of these songs would be roulette or streamline. These songs are simply amazing. System remind me of Rage in the political sense but they are nothing alike musically, rage was more funk to me, but anyways this cd is good. Very different from the first two but it is a great album. It really does have a lot going on musically, all the songs are very different from each other and that makes each one special. Buy this album.........or like they said, steal it, its worth it. :)
0783225849|5.0|PSYCHO is one of the greatest movies of all-time. Anthony Perkins (Norman) runs a hotel then some strange doings happen.
B000007T1M|5.0|Compared to Systems other two Albums (Toxicity and Steal this album) i would have to say their self titled is the best. Its heavy its fast its just plain crazy. Once you first put this cd on and hear the opening track, you know your in for a ride. All the songs are awesome, every one is played perfectly! I would recomend this to anyway that loves System and to anyone thats geting into them(have Toxicity or Steal this) this one blows me away everytime i hear it, i've pretty much worn this cd out, it has a ring around it from heavy play. So in the end, this is an amazing CD and you really should go buy it or at least borrow it from a friend to get a feel for it, then go buy it.
1580084621|5.0|Simply Stunning. The best cook book on a single cuisine I have ever read. The Larousse of Thai Food. If all cook books were written like this the world would be a better place,
B000092ZYX|3.0|Dark and long-winded. Drags too much. Go to sleep and sail to the moon are very weird sounding. You'll be better off listening to Travis or Coldplay instead.
B00005JLR8|1.0|[Based on theatrical release.] The one good point about this Irish-American production is the child acting, herewith recognized with a one-star rating. Otherwise, In America is an insulting tearjerker. A treacly central story is wrapped in  hard-streets-tough Manhattan realism, though the wrapping, when looked at in detail, is just as make-believe as the central baklava. <br />If you're bored sitting through this, you might try counting the physical impossibilities in one small slice of hard-streets wrapping, the air-conditioner sequence. This will prepare you for the equally impossible trio of Gripping Medical Events (tm) at the core of the central baklava. Otherwise, the only relation between wrapping and treacle occurs through a series of magical inversions. <br />Weight-Watcher advisory: The baklava fully conforms to the view of human reproduction promoted by the Vatican and by the White House's Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives. Prediction: Sheridan will soon direct an NRA vehicle with a Patriot using lots of firepower to wield Individual Initiative in the magically-successful Defense of his Family. Oops, already been done.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I have to agree with the last reviewer.  I was surprised to see such a low rating for this movie.  Sweet story, great scenes of Tokyo at night, uplifting ending -- I loved it.  You will, too.
1577311523|5.0|I would hate to see a couple of negative spotlight reviews dissuade anyone from considering this book. Some people connect with it, some don't.<BR>   The Power of Now has made a HUGE difference in my life. Since I first read this book two years ago, my mind activity and emotions have substantially calmed and my underlying resistance level has dropped. My relationship with my wife has gone from gridlock to a sense of newness and discovery. I have ocassionally shifted into a state of awareness I can only describe as peace, grace, or presence.<BR>   Tolle cautions readers from the start not to conceptualize the material and try to create more \\"mind stuff\\". There's nothing in this book to learn, memorize, believe, or not believe. The words themselves have the power to awaken consciousness in those who are ready and open.<BR>   This is the most powerful book I have ever read and has been truly liberating for me. Thank you, Eckhart Tolle.
B00005JKNC|5.0|I only saw this movie recently. pretty late huh? well i had not heard much about it so it thought it probably isn't that good. Boy was i wrong. This movie is amazing, heart-warming story and a one you will watch again because it is so good. I will never understand anyone who did not enjoy this film. And i heard someone say it is predictable, it is not! well, anyway i urge you to see this movie if you have already not.
B00019GHSO|1.0|I CANNOT BUY THIS DVD BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT KIND OF DVD I WILL BUY. I NEED TO KNOW THE TRACK LIST. PLEASE.<BR>CLIENTS ARE ALWAYS IN REASON!
B0000VAFO0|4.0|What a wonderful leap from the normal &quot;rules&quot; of the genre. This story jumps us right into the middle of a centuries old conflict and weaves it's way back into the past to bring the viewer up to speed. The premise is unique and it works. A refreshing break from the traditional genre that has been overworked to the point of boredom. &quot;Underworld&quot; jump starts the outdated story to the future using modern technology to jolt the carnage from two insatiable groups of killers. The twists of politically motivated schemes boil down to the same ole' motivation; love and power. Familial conflict and monsterous actions even for the undead make for an interesting storyline. But in the end, the story runs out of gas, for trying to show the many fascinating, and grotesque transformations and mutilations. Too much emphasis is placed on the visual and the storyline is left to unravel and then the obligatory underdog David slays Golieth ending. This movie is so close to being a new classic that could have built a franchise to rival any available. Kate Beckinsale gives a performance that will convince anyone, like myself, who had doubts about her abilaties to carry a movie and play an antihero/villianess. The narration is tired and unneccesary but not so much that it detracts from the overall experience of the movie. A must see feature for any fan of the genre. Open your minds.
B00000AFWZ|4.0|OK, it helps to have been around in the '60s; that way you have a context to the tunes you get here, and most likely memories attached to at least some of them. Unlike some reviewers who say The Five Americans, Shadows of Knight, Cryan Shames, Swinging Medallions, the Castaways, The Leaves, Standells, etc, etc can't compare to the Beatles; artistically that's obviously true, but if you were a Top 40 music lover from the day, how can you NOT get into at least some of these, well, &quot;nuggets?&quot; You don't hear them all the time on the radio, which is a good thing all by itself, and really, lots of those garage-rock tracks are catchy (and deep down inside, you agree). Disc 4 is weaker than the others (although it does have &quot;Louie Louie&quot;, which is NOT a song about getting lucky), the only drawback to this collection. Ignore those who proclaim that lesser-refined bands with less commercial success, like those you find on compilations like this, are not worth the time or money, but like I said, you'll appreciate &quot;Nuggets&quot; more if you were around in the late 1960s. Which, I guess, makes me a geezer. So be it.
B00003CXAA|5.0|There is no other mobster movie. There is no superlative extreme enough. The mount everest of mobster movies. If you are looking for an example of how to perfectly tell a saga of a family working out it's struggles and issues, much like any other family with the exception of careers, morality, power, principalities, and high finance, than this is your feature. This is one of the very select sequels that improves upon the oringal in almost every way; performance from the actors, set up of characters by the writer, and just plain drama from the story. The main reason for this is probably the fact that the first two installments is the telling of one novel. Puzo and Coppola basically split the novel &quot;The Godfather&quot; and made two movies from it. One did an adequate job, but it took the second to illucidate the saga. Based loosely on real mob families in New York, the orignal &quot;Godfather&quot; caused a sensation when it was premiered over three decades ago. Time is the ultimate test for a story, novel, or movie. The &quot;Godfather&quot; epic has only imporved with time. With other lesser attempts to re-capture the magic that Coppola recorded; it only stands out even more. Part III is a tribute to that often attempted failure. Even he could not recapture the splender that was the first two features. Maybe time, maybe actors, or maybe just that the saga was complete with two parts; can explain how the third part comes up short, or maybe the fact that part III was about money and lacked the passion of the first two. Regardless, you can throw away the disc, or tape for part III and you would still have the best story ever told in cinema. It has everything and is everything one could ever want. American, Italian, whatever, the &quot;Godfather&quot; is about humans. It covers all ethnicities and cultures; just plug in your own. The theme of family and economics and politics, are all timeless. <br />I recommend the DVD because the VHS tapes will wear out with as many times as you will view the movies.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|and I'll never understand how it got an Oscar nomination for Best Picture.  All I can say is that American critics are being paid off--how else can you explain their over-rated reviews?!  As Shakespeare said, &quot;There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.&quot;  In this case, Hollywood.  There are a lot more deserving movies than &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; for the Best Picture Oscar nomination, such as &quot;The Station Agent,&quot; &quot;Shattered Glass,&quot; &quot;L'Auberge Espagnole,&quot; &quot;In America,&quot; &quot;Big Fish&quot;--even &quot;Cold Mountain&quot; is better than this movie.  What is this movie really about?  Nothing.  It reminded me of &quot;Before Sunrise&quot;--another pretentious, over-rated and boring movie!
B00018TI5E|5.0|John Frusciante's life is an incredible story. Joining what is now today one of the greatest bands of all time at the age of 18, going through terrible times with an addiction to heroine, and nearing a collapse, but coming out victorious with rehab with help from his friends, and finally his solo work that he has done for several years. His early albums were out of the blue, with his own recording, keyboard, magnificent guitar, and screaming and emotional lyrics. In 2001, To Record Water for Only 10 Days was more successful then his previous albums, for he was sober in 2001. But &quot;Shadows Collide With People&quot; is one fantastic album, one of the best I've heard in a long time. All of his songs have very beautiful and creative melodies, such as Omission, The Slaughter, In Relief, Wednesday's Song, and Song To Sing When I'm lonely. And also some really cool fun songs like Carvel (which rocks), Second Walk, This Cold, and Water (my favorite). And he also did some spooky experiments with his synthesizer, like the strange-titled -00Ghost27, Failure33Object, and 23 go in to end. At first you will probably want to go to the next song immediately, but some how, the songs grow on you. John has really matured over the years with his voice becoming extraordinarliy good, and the mainstream sound he and the Chili Peppers (my absolute favorite band) have created is absolutely magnificent. A lot of credit must go to Chad Smith and Flea(who is excellent on the album) of RHCP, and Josh Kinghoffer from Bicycle Theif, and Warner Brothers for making this album the absolute best yet. Buy this album for a treat and surprise. There are no weak songs on this album, only masterpeices created by my idol, John Frusciante.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|I have just finished watching the six hour Lonesome Dove for the fourth time; yet, it is a rare movie I will even watch twice. I own the DVD, and I will certainly be watching it a fifth time. Comparisons of Lonesome Dove to other TV movies don't begin to do it justice; this movie deserves comparison to any Western ever made, and it stands up well to any one of the most highly considered (The Searchers, Unforgiven, Shane, High Noon, The Good, The Bad & the Ugly, etc.). This is a story of character and nuance much more than plot and action, with many small moments that will stay with you long after the story is finished...a saloon owner grieving over the loss of his prostitute (his love)...the hanging of a friend...an attempt at telling a boy he is your son....the burial of a friend...two old warriors saying goodbye in so many words (while there is much humor in the story, there is also overwhelming sadness, and do expect very major characters to have tragic endings to their lives). Lonesome Dove is bold enough to tell an epic story (and in doing so, demytholyzing the history of the West, and showing us how brutal and painful the settling of the West really was) by focusing on these small moments. There are something like 75 or 100 speaking parts in this movie, and it is uniformly excellently cast (with the exception, in my opinion, of Angelica Huston, who I always thought seemed out of place in this Western setting). If you are wondering whether this is worth owning, believe me, you will never regret it.<BR>A postscript: since I wrote my review I have noticed that there are a number of idiots out there unfairly ripping this movie for being shorter than the original. The original series was indeed EIGHT hours long. However, it was made for TV and had something called commericials. These had the effect of reducing its running time to about SIX hours, as my review notes. I have seen several DVD versions of this and have never seen one that was edited or cut, which is why they neglect to warn you on the box. Just get the movie, watch it, and ignore the bozo comments.
B00006IK1C|5.0|preeettyy daammmnnn goood<br />im a huge maiden fan and i enjoy bruce incredibly, but i never thot he could do it with out the maiden guys<br />awesome<br />oh and birkrat<br />the only reason why people slam janick gers is because he replaced adrian smith when he quit the band. adrian came up with some nasty solos and songs, but i think janick is just as good as smith, if not better
B00005JMNA|4.0|Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights is the story of a young woman's discoveries about life and love in Havana during the Cuban revolution. The plot is well-worn and predictable, but Diego Luna and Romola Garai do a great job as Javier and Katey. The dancing is part of what drew me to this film...and I wasn't disappointed. The dancing is exciting and crowd-pleasing. It seems hard to believe that Luna and Garai had no dancing training prior to the film. Corny duologue down-graded some of the most meaningful or intimate scenes of the movie, and these parts of the film would have been better if the characters had not spoken at all instead of delivering cliqued lines. Overall, though, the film was enjoyable and fun. Two thumbs up!
0786860707|5.0|A very comprehensive book about the development of Disney animation. Hundreds of drawings that show how individual characters were developed,  what makes characters appealing, what worked and what didn't, how the animators came up with ideas, how to draw sequences -- this book covers every aspect of animation. It's more than a history of the Disney company, it shows how the individual departments (animators, inkers, stylists, storymen, sound studio, etc) worked together to create a 80-minute film that is made up of 460,000 finished cels, 2.5 million total drawings (including sketches), and takes an average of 3 and a half years to make. Examples come from all Disney films, such as Cinderella, Peter Pan, Jungle Book, etc. and show drawings, sketches, paintings, the animators who created the characters and pretty much everything one wants to know about animation. It is a wonderful book.
B00006879E|5.0|Its funny because Maroon 5 has been sitting on the shelves of local record stores for the past year. I remember seeing it longer ago than that, but im a stoner so what do i know? Either way, Maroon 5 has been an amazing band with its reinvented Stevie Wonder sound alike frontman subtract the brown skin colour and braids. I guess they just had to sit and wait for people to warm up to them...or wait for their style to come into style. No one knew about them a year ago, and im sure someone will forget about them a year from now. But they were awesome back then...and they have proven to those mainstreamers oblivious to unknown talent that they are still awesome.
0679428895|5.0|Harris wrote a great novel for those of us who can not get enough of the Vesuvius story of 79 AD.  I thoroughly enjoyed it. It borders on being considered &quot;faction&quot;.
B00005JLD4|5.0|My range of emotions just about covered the gamut. Anger at the white paternalistic institution and the people that implemented this barbarism; devastation for the mother and grandmother at the separation from their children; awe at the sheer grit of the girls; fear that they wouldn't make it back home without something else happening; and admiration for the young neophyte actresses who turned in a beautiful performance with the help of a talented director and editor.<br />It must have been a very unforgiving environment to work in; there is nothing pretty about the topography of western Australia. In fact, it reminds me a lot of western Oklahoma! Token A-list actor Kenneth Branaugh did his job well; he really had me believing that he really was a despicable, pompous bastard who actuallythought he was doing right by these native families.<br />The music during the end credits is gorgeous, haunting, evocative -- this from the man who gave us Sledgehammer and dancing fryers! I was grateful for my stereo TV and headphones as I found myself replaying the end credits repeatedly, and you can bet I'll keep an eye out for the soundtrack.<br />As usual, the DVD extras make a good package that much better. Having the voiceover of the director, screenwriter and cast members enhanced the viewing experience, but I do wish they would consider parallel captioning for the audio presentation. It's not fair that the hearing-impaired would miss this information, but even those of us with perfect hearing who may not be well versed in Australian dialect would benefit from it.<br />I hate what was done to these kids and others like them. I love that their story was told by independent filmmakers; thank God for Miramax. I love the story, I love the music, and I WILL be buying the DVD for my own collection.
B00014K5TQ|1.0|I really had high hopes for this movie, but I was left sorely disappointed. The story of Michael Alig and the Club Kid movement is interesting enough, but Macaulay Culkin (and most of the cast) gave poor deliveries in their roles. In my opinion, Culkin's acting completely lacked emotion. Had there not been an interview with the REAL Alig on the DVD, I might've been a little more lenient with my judgement, and assumed that he really didn't have much emotional depth in real life. (which is feasible considering the harsh nature of Angel Melendez's murder) But there was, so I wasn't. As anyone can plainly see, Alig was much more flamboyant than shown by Culkin. But enough picking on Macaulay, it wasn't entirely his fault. Most of the shots appeared to be with a handheld camera, giving it a neat little indie look, but after the first 30 minutes or so, it gets old, fast. And the way the story was told, going from James St. James doing his interview to Alig describing to James the events of Angel's murder, and then back to James St. James' interview later on, it seemed to be more convoluted than it needed to be. I will point out a few things that I did enjoy, however. The soundtrack, though not really synonymous with the time period, was solid and created a decent atmosphere during the film's more lively party scenes. The montages were also suprisingly well filmed, considering the aforementioned hand-held technique. The costumes, I must say, were excellent. They were very flashy and flamboyant, and actually constructed from whatever was lying around, just like the real club kids. Marilyn Manson's portrayal of Christina was also very funny, though not really a stretch from Manson's normal behavior, it provided some comic relief in what was, I'm sorry to say, a trifle of a movie.
B0001ENY6M|4.0|I liked this music much better the first time I heard it in \\"Glory.\\" The Passion is perhaps the most powerful movie ever made, and during the crucifixion scene I really didn't want to be sitting there thinking, \\"Haven't I heard this before?...oh...right...Glory.\\"<br />Other than lifting 8 bars straight from James Horner, Debney did a fine job, giving appropriate and moving music in each scene. Gibson would've done better to go with Horner again, who is notorious for ripping himself off (compare Glory and Braveheart). At least that way the inclusion of Glory's main theme in The Passion would've been a little more acceptable.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I DONT KNOW WHY THIS CD AINT PLATINUM YET ITS BETTER THAN SOME OF 50 AND EMINEM'S CD'S YOU CAN LISTEN 2 IT FROM FRONT TO BACK AND VIBE WIT THE SONGS. THE THINGS THAT MAKES IT SO REAL IS YOU CAN RELATE AND FEEL HIS SONGS. KANYE KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK , CAUSE GOD'S GOT A PLAN FOR YOU BROTHA
B0000AQVCL|2.0|I am a rock fan, and especailly of the current array of bluesy bands, which Jet appears to draw much of its inspiration from. Listening to the band's recent crop of hits, it appeared the album will be a winner. Sadly, it is not.<BR>Instead of taking it further with songs like 'Rollover DJ' and 'Are you gonna be my girl', the band descends into a seemingly endless emotional string of songs that make you want to harm the CD player at worst, or just click the 'Next' button at best. <BR>This album is a great example of why people want to buy music on a song by song basis; why waste money on the 10 mediocre songs when only 3 are good. Save the money, forget about the CD...
B00005Q3TZ|1.0|Disney looked at TITANIC and figured out a formula.  Set a love story against the backdrop of an epic catastrophe and make a mountain of money.  Unfortunately, the formula produced PEARL HARBOR.<br />The love story is beyond lame.  The fly boy characters are leftover caricatures from TOP GUN.  The beautiful nurse they fight over looks beautiful (and she is) but the script gives her nothing else to do.  Ben Affleck looks at least ten years older than Josh Hartnett.  The scene where a riled FDR rallies his war cabinet by rising from his wheelchair is bizarre and laughable.  Casting Hollywood super-lib Alec Baldwin as WWII Jimmy Doolittle is insulting and borderline sacrilegious.  The ending is ridiculous.<br />The 40-minute battle scene in middle of this mess is impressive but the rest is hackneyed and unbelievable.  I'd heard that Disney, trying to cover all the bases, released a version to the Japanese that ended after the devastating attack--so they wouldn't be insulted if we reminded them we ultimately won WWII.  No kidding.  Every scene, every lame line appears crafted to make a buck.<br />....<br />The sad part is: the Vets deserved better.
0192838679|5.0|Choderlos de Laclos' epistolary novel has been made into at least three film versions, but none of them come nearly up to the real thing.  Laclos' story of evil and depravity, starring a pair of jaded aristocrats so satanic we wonder if they have a human bone in their bodies, is one of the greatest, if not the greatest, novels of the 18th century.  In a nutshell, it revolves around the cynical plot to seduce and destroy the reputation of a young girl fresh out of her convent, which they plan and achieve with the icy calm and cynical detachment of a pair of mathematicians solving a calculus problem.<br /><br />The anti-hero and anti-heroine of this book, the Vicomte de Valmont and the Marquis de Merteuil, fascinate and repel us at once by their sheer wickedness.  Valmont is a depraved Casanova, lay-em-and-leave-em, who has lost count of all the broken hearts and destroyed characters he has left in his wake.  The Marquise de Merteuil, married and widowed too young, has combined shrewd intelligence with appalling powers of deception to engage a string of lovers whom she uses and casts off at random.  Somehow these two find each other and form an unholy partnership.  When the book opens, their affair is already spent, but they have remained friends; and the Marquise is infuriated when she learns she is about to be dumped by her current lover, a rich aristocrat named Gercourt, who is about to marry Cecile de Volanges, the most naive teenager who ever emerged from the protective cocoon of convent education.  Her main attraction, for him, is her virginity, and it is this the Marquise wants Valmont to do away with so that Gercourt will find out on his wedding night that he didn't get the innocent virgin he was expecting, but an already corrupted young woman, and will become the laughing stock of Paris.<br /><br />Seducing and abandoning an innocent girl is an old story to Valmont, but he has more pressing concerns; he is hopelessly in love with a young married woman, Madame de Tourvel, whose virtue seems impregnable.  And here he appears as more sympathetic and human than the Marquise; even if he's trying to seduce a married woman, he, at least, is capable of love; something which is beyond the Marquise, who sees other people as nothing more or less than objects to be used or cast aside.  It's only when he finds out that Cecile's mother has been telling Madame de Tourvel his scandalous life history that he decides to seduce Cecile, to pay back the mother for messing in his business.  At the same time, he perseveres in his pursuit of Madame de Tourvel.  But just at the point of victory, the Marquise turns his very strength, his ability to love, into a weakness; she uses it as a weapon against him to make him think his love for Madame de Tourvel is contempible.  At this point, we see the real conflict in the book, Valmont against the Marquise.  But Valmont, as cynical and jaded as he is, is no match for this lady; her very emotional detachment makes her unassailable.  Valmont doesn't have a chance.  He's not only destroyed the Madame de Tourvel, he's also destroyed himself.  It looks like the Marquise is the sole victor in this combat.  But is she?  Fatally, the Marquise has forgotten that letters can be dangerous weapons, and she's written a few too many.  What goes around comes around.<br /><br />Laclos's book caused a sensation in its own time that reverberated for decades afterward; 40 years after its publication it was condemned by a criminal court and publicly incinerated in a mass book-burning ceremony.  If Laclos had still been alive then, they might have wanted to toss him on top of the pyre.  Whatever feelings the book may have aroused when it was written, it has endured for two hundred years since as a masterpiece of literature in any language.  Any book that has been the basis of three different films, each unique from the other, has to be saying something to modern readers.  Laclos' book says a great deal and says it magnificently.<br /><br />Judy Lind
B000002UW1|5.0|This is my favorite REM album.  It is one of the few cds in my collection I can put on at any time and enjoy no matter what mood I'm in.  It ranks right up with 'Automatic' as REM's best (Life's Rich Pageant isn't too far behind).  This is a must have for anyone who is an REM fan - and a good place to start if you want an introduction to their pre-Monster ouvre.  A classic.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|Like Marvin Gaye's What's Going On, Bob Dylan's Highway 61 Revisited is more than just great songs from yesteryear that frequently address issues about the struggle to make ends meet. It is simultaneously an American history class and, almost forty years after the fact, a thorough summary of current events that tells it like it is more than what is ever heard on several contemporary, mainstream news broadcasts.<br />Though mixed with humor, Dylan's lyrics were and are quite blistering. A pervasive theme is how people by and large are highly pretentious and preoccupied with entrapping themselves in a vicious circle of trying to rub elbows with the elite only to end up despondent and disillusioned. This point is well expressed with the following lyrics from Ballad of a Thin Man:<BR> <BR>You have many contacts<BR>Among the lumberjacks<BR> To get you facts<BR>When someone attacks your imagination<BR>But nobody has any respect<BR>Anyway they already expect you<BR>To just give a check<BR>To tax-deductible charity organizations<br />You've been with the professors<BR>And they've all liked your looks<BR>With great lawyers you have<BR>Discussed lepers and crooks<BR>You've been through all of<BR>F. Scott Fitzgerald's books<BR>You're very well read<BR>It's well known<br />Because something is happening here<BR>But you don't know what it is<BR>Do you, Mister Jones?<br />Yes, Highway 61 Revisited was released in 1965 and has, in retrospect, often been regarded as Dylan's apocalyptic foretelling of how the 1960's might end. However, it might as well apply to today's world, for so many individuals and groups vainly search for escape through actions that only add to their burdens. Contained in the song Highway 61 are these words:<br />Now the rovin' gambler he was very bored<BR>He was tryin' to create a next world war<BR>He found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor<BR>He said I never engaged in this kind of thing before<BR>But yes I think it can be very easily done<BR>We'll just put some bleachers out in the sun<BR>And have it on Highway 61.<br />A most prolific songwriter has Bob Dylan been for decades. Highway 61 Revisited, remastered in the SACD Hybrid format, sounds great in a regular CD player and excellent in a Super Audio CD player. 5 stars for the lyrics, 5 stars for the music, and 5 stars for the quality of production. Highway 61 Revisited is a must-have.
0385504209|2.0|Robert Langdon is a bookish Harvard professor who needs a holiday.  The symbologist is then drawn into the an implausible mystery involving the holy grail.  The existence of the Priory of Scion, Jesus's marriage to Mary Magdalene or the arbitrary decisions at the Council of Nicea raises interesting quetions about the the church.  One would expect that a scholar would be revealed to show more reflection and background on these topics.  But his character, like Sophie's, is intended to be more visual.  Rather than having read the book, I could have waited for the movie.
B000053VAF|5.0|As with all Smith movies, this DVD delivers the goods.<br />First, the movie.  It is one that needs to be viewed as a &quot;thoughtful comedy&quot; to be appreciated.  It deals with some heavy duty material, but is done so in more of a &quot;what if&quot; manner.  This is not to be taken as the absolute truth.  Anyone who thinks that this is an indication of how things are needs their head examined.<br />Acting wise, Matt Damon, Chris Rock, and Jay Mewes shine.  Even Ben Affleck is quite entertaining.  In all honestly, Linda Fiorentino is the only disappointment.  Everyone else pretty much NAILS their roll.<br />And of course, the commentaries are great.  The actor one barely mentions the film, which is actually very amusing.  And the deleted scenes are great, though somewhat frustrating without the play all button.  This was fixed with Jay and Silent Bob Strike back though.<br />Check it out.
B00005JMNA|1.0|Don't bother with this one, even if you're a Salsa fan.  There's basically no story development and very little dancing.<BR>I almost fell asleep. We left before it even ended.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I am such a sucker for &quot;buzz&quot; and &quot;critically acclaimed&quot;.  Bill Murray's performance is quirky at best (a reviewer's word was &quot;understated&quot;) and the plot, such as it was, took nearly an hour to develope enough so you could see kinda where things were going.<br />Meander is what this film does.  The Murray character's life is disintegrating and Scarlett Johansson's character, Charlotte, has been ditched by her photographer husband. They meet in the hotel bar and it's all down hill from there--which wasn't far to go.<br />This is a pretentious piece of crap that only got recognition because Sofia's father is Frances Ford Coppola.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I ask you this, if you were in a far away place, FREE would you be sulking in your hotel room!!!. Was there nothing this beautiful land had to offer except a trip to a strip joint??  I think these people were depressed. What ever it was it was not worthy of 2 hours of a bad reality show of a business trip. I asked people who say they loved it to describe to me WHY they did and WHAT it was about and no one really knows. I think it is a case of &quot;lets just hop on the band wagon&quot;. A great injustice to truly great writers directors and actors.  I dont think this took much talent at all.
B0001ENY6M|4.0|I have found hints of the melody from the trailer score that Debney composed.  That music was the reason why I bought this soundtrack, and I'm disappointed that it's not on featured.<BR>Other than that, I really like this.  It is similar to Peter Gabriel's soundtrack from Last Tempatation, but I think this is strong enough to stand on it's own.  I can also see why the one reviewer mentioned 'Glory;' in Crucifixtion at least, there is a similar chord progression as one of the main theme from Glory.<BR>Great soundtrack (other than no trailer music), and I recommend it.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|If you have a soul and you appreciate and enjoy movies ( as an art form and a way of telling real stories) you will love this movie. If you fancy Predator/Star War's/Bad Boys or any movie that came out later with a &quot;II&quot; designation as a quality movie, then you're lost.
B00005BJ9W|3.0|I agree with everyone who says that Rio is a fantastic album, but why did Duran Duran have to go and mess with several of the tracks when they remastered it? &quot;Hold Back the Rain,&quot; in particular, has some really cheese-bag keyboards imposed heavily over what used to be an interesting guitar track. They obviously tried to &quot;disco up&quot; the remaster, but only succeeded in ruining a few awesome tracks. I'm particularly upset about the fact that this is not mentioned anywhere that I might be able to know it before buying the CD. Two thumbs down for messing around with an album that was perfect the way it was when it was first released.
B0000A5A0T|4.0|I was not formerly aware of Rudy Van Gelder remasters. I was at the record store and I couldn't decide between the Rudy Van Gelder remaster or the SACD Hybrid which was also available. I assume that they're both remastered from the same master tape at 24 bit resolution, but I opted for the Van Gelder. It sounds great! The clarity and musicality of this remaster is incredible.  I had previously used an 180 gram remastered vinyl as my reference copy, but the Van Gelder is an entirely new experience. I would highly recommend Rudy Van Gelder remasters. [...] has a great selection of Van Gelder remasters in both CD and LP.
0486227073|2.0|I haven't actually read the book fully yet, but as an (beginning) artist I was more interested in the illustrations anyway. I was shocked to see the awful quality of the illustrations in this book. Some are allright but most are either very faint, with very ugly and confusing lines, like very quick sketches with a piece of charcoal. And they all look like they were printed on my antique black and white inkjet printer. Okay so the book is cheap, but that's no excuse for image quality this bad.<BR>I gave it two stars since I'm sure the information on anatomy is good reference and you might get something out of some of the images despite the quality.
B00006879E|4.0|I love that this band infuses soul and rock, a brilliant concept. Adam Levine has a beautiful voice and honest lyrics. There are songs on this CD that you are going to want to listen to over and over again, such as: &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot;,&quot;This Love&quot;,  &quot;Through With You&quot; and &quot;Not Coming Home.&quot; Highly recommended.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|this cd does just what it set out to do... to summarize the career of a legend. Obviously, this cd is better for people new to Hendrix, and is a great introduction. you are not a REAL rock fan until you have experienced Hendrix, and seen his influence on rock &amp; roll since his time.
0805066691|5.0|I am a huge fan of history but really am not a fan of reading.  There are are only three books I have ever finished in my entire life, and this is one of them.  Usually I get bored and toss them out, or they are just bad books all together.  This book is amazing.  I wanted a book about the history of the native americans and after reading reviews I felt this would be the best choice.  Boy was I right! Much to the amazement of people around me, I couldn't put it down.  It gives informative and sometimes heart wrenching accounts of the systematic extermination of the once great Native american nations.  It really has taken me aback, I always knew we screwed the Native americans but I never realized it was this bad.  <br />If you are a fan of history this is an absolute must read, and coming from one whom doesn't read a lot, that is saying something.
B00005JN08|4.0|It just goes to show, sometimes you just need to ignore all those reviews out there and see for yourself. It's a great little comedy, maybe not a strong as say \\"Saving Silverman\\" or \\"The Sweetest Thing\\" but it does have it's moments. There was one part where I felt it was just a little un-believable...that was when they were set to go home and the announcer at the airport said something about a flight from \\"Rome to Cleveland\\" That kinda ruined it for me, because everyone knows there's no direct service from Rome to Cleveland...I'm glad that this gaffe came at the end, because it might have made me question more of what I saw. And that Michelle Trachtenburg is a hottie! Who Knew??<BR>And to all the Europeans who may be offended by this movie..please don't be. It's all in fun! We are brothers all. Brothers may kid each other and maybe even argue, fight and otherwise disagree, but in the end we have a common bond which cannot be denied. Let us laugh together because this movie pokes as much fun at America and it's views of Europe as it does at Europe itself.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|I am a huge Sarah Mclachlan fan and I got this CD and was dissapointed somewhat. I loved how she fused the ethereal sounds that made &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy&quot; so good but she also mixed in the sounds that made &quot;Surfacing&quot; so boring. I loved the tracks &quot;Fallen&quot;,&quot;World on Fire&quot;,&quot;Stupid&quot; and &quot;Perfect Girl&quot; but most of the others I could live with out.
B0001ADB8C|1.0|$106 what the heck were they thinking off. This should have been split up some way so you could build the collection slowly(and when I had the cash to splash). What if you buy it and dont like all of it or any of it? This is only for the wealthy punter, I like George Harrison, but I'm not taking out a lone to get this. I suppose people will have to down load it from the net and burn it on CD for free.Even the DVD will be availiable to burn soon. No wonder record companys are loosing money.
B00008J4P5|5.0|Wow. This was a complete shocker. I was one of the people who decided that the White Stripes were horrible before hearing any of the CD. The truth is, however, that this CD is EXCELLENT. It has hardly any flaws. My respect for the White Stripes has doen a 180, from thinking that they were a trend-following stupid band. With Elephant, they prove that they are a trend-setting brilliant band. This is a definite buy, but hold on to something when you are listening to it. You may jump up in surprise! Excellent. A must buy!
B0000C1733|5.0|Man,from Under the Bridge to Save the Population, this 16 song collection blows my mind. First Off, I'm not the biggest Red Hot Chili Peppers fan(I only own What Hits! and Californication), so other than the first 8 songs, I had not heard many of the others. The first time I listened to this CD, I didn't like those last few songs, so please people, listen to this album TWICE!!! After listening to this album fully without interruptions, I fell in love with every song on it. Plus the 2 new songs are very good additions, the super-cool Fortune Faded and Save the Population. A Note to Parents: If your kid happens to want this CD, but you won't get it for him because of that infamous Parental Advisory sticker, only 1 song has any cuss words in it (Suck my Kiss), and it adds to the song. So theres my two cents on that matter, but anyways this album never gets boring with its heavy guitar riffs and the excellent percussion that perfectly matches Flea's voice, giving almost every song a melodic beat to it. I have let many of my friends borrow this CD and so far the major consensus is they all love it. Here's a round up of the songs: Best Songs: Give it Away(Immoral? Maybe..HaHa), Californication(You know those melodic songs I was talking about?), Scar Tissue(Brings back memories of Lynard Skynard), By the Way (Awesome Overdrive!!), and Suck my Kiss  ( Just Don't let the neighbors hear). Worst Songs: Universally Speaking ( Kind of Slow, but still retains my respect) and Under the Bridge(This song is very different, probably their greatest hit on the Billboard charts, but its just Flea talking for a while and then a choir comes on mumbling something about Chantal, It didn't stand up to the other songs, but still pretty good). Also, for a good bonus, get The Red Hot Chili Peppers other Greatest Hits album, What Hits! for a good collection. Universally Speaking, BUY THIS ALBUM!!
B00005B4GU|5.0|This album, in my opinion, is better than its &quot;twin&quot;, Kid A.  It is definetly more accessible and melody driven, while maintaining the depth and experimentality of Kid A.  I love the percussive kitchen tool sounds on Packt, coupled with its engaging melody.  Pyramid song is obviously amazing, although it may be hard 2 get a feel of at first.  Push/Pulk Revolving Doors has seemingly mediocre and strange lyrics, but they ultimately lead to the statement about trap doors.  I love the hazy beat and the electric sound.  Knives Out is a beatiful acoustic tune, and is definetly an album highlight.  Although I must say that the Kid A Morning Bells is better, the background on the Amnesiac version definetly fits the mood better.  Its darker than ever.  Hunting Bears, like Treefingers before it, is another nice instrumental song that describes its title well.  Life In A Glass House is a moody lament that features some nice horn parts.  Overall, this one of Radiohead's finest.
B0000C9ZLD|1.0|Don't waste your money on this garbage.  If you want a great pop/rock record get The Meadowlands cd by the Wrens.  The Wrens didn't make the cover of Rolling Stone, but their music is a million times more interesting than anything on Room on Fire.
B00004Z459|5.0|Ion's view on Hybrid Theory: One of the better cd's I've listened to. The main reason I like Linkin Park is the fact they combine rock, rap, and trance, which are my favorite genres.<br />Before I review the songs, I must state that people are giving this cd flak without even listening to it. This is metal and rap and some techno, but you don't have to say it's not 100% metal or rap or techno. I mean, Snoop Dogg and Metallica tours with Linkin Park. I think that explains it.<br />Now on with the review.<br />1. Papercut: Breakbeat metal. This song is about paranoia, which makes me wonder if they accidently spelt Papercut instead of Paranoid. It goes from a techno styled intro into a metal styled chorus and into the rap styled verses. The break is pretty good, where the instruments tone down to just the drums and they rap, &quot;The Face inside is right beneath the skin.&quot; After that, it goes into a beautifal ending, where chester sings &quot;The sun goes down; I feel the light betray me.&quot; and back into a combination of the chorus and so. <br />2. One Step Closer: Rock. This song is pretty good. It was made to describe the process of making lyrics to Runaway, which turned into a small quarrel. Other than that, it describes getting pushed closer and closer to the edge to the point of insanity, and before you can even respond, you're being interrupted. Before this song was ever made, I caught myself saying, &quot;You're getting me one step closer to the edge and I'm about to break!&quot; There's also a break in the enhanced/live version of this song, which is pretty cool sounding. Then it goes into the highly angsty &quot;SHUT UP WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU&quot; Break. Overall, this song is great.<br />3. With You: Eletronic Rap Rock and the best song on the album. It starts out with a synthy-scratchy intro with only guitars playing. After a few seconds, the scratch stops and BAM!!! The guitars blare, the drums sound, and there's ALOT of scratching. Then the songcalms down into a highly emotional set of instruments and the opening lyrics &quot;I woke up in a dream today: to the cold of the static and I put my cold feet on the floor. Forgot all about yesterday and remembering I'm pretending to be who I'm not anymore.&quot; After a while, the chorus, which is a blank verse of iambic pentameter which is very wierd for music, sounds of and the insane guitars and drums come back. It's hard to describe the song, but I think it comes down to the break, &quot;No matter how far we've come by, I can't wait to see tommorow: with you.&quot;<br />4. Points of authority: Rock. The song has some of the best guitars of Linkin Park. The song is pretty much about the title, the points of authority, about one having too much power and not giving the ones around another thought.<br />5. Crawling: Eletronic Rock. A slower, sadder song, about personal paranoia/insecurity of ones personality traits. Has a good build in intro, but they removed the break from the original version. The only flaw in this song: it's the reason why people thing they're a boy band. <br />6. Runaway: Eletronica. This song is a more contreversial song, because it's about getting lied to, betrayed, attacked, and finally just running away. <br />7. By Myself: Industrial Rap. The song is about having more paranoia than defense or allies. The verses are pretty quiet and calm, but the chorus has an industrial feel.<br />8. In the end: Eletronic rap. This song is quite sad, but the message is good: the journey is more important than the end or the start. If you fail or succeed, once it's over it shouldn't bother you anymore. The break is good, too. &quot;I put my trust in you, pushed as far as I can go, and for all this, there's only one thing you should know.&quot; It goes from light to heavy and back to the chorus.<br />9. A place for my head: Metal. This song was altered TWICE before being put onto hybrid theory! This song is about parasitism, a simbiosis where one benifitswhile the other suffers. The song's rock is constant. It never calms down until the break &quot;You tried to take the best of me: go away.&quot; Then it goes back into the insanity. Just for the note, there's a &quot;MUTHA**** YA!!&quot; at the end of the song, but it was cut from the album version.<br />10. Forgotten: Eletronica Metal Rap. This song is about being left in a dark, dimsal ghetto-like place. The remix on Reanimation is alot more darker, but that's another review. This song isn't played much at the Linkin Park concerts... Didn't see that coming!<br />11. Cure for the Itch: Eletronica and Turntablism: This song is nothing but scratching and turntablism, so &quot;Let's hear it for the great Mr. Hahn!&quot; <br />12. Pushing me away: Rock. Much like Numb, this is a slower emotional track with the same message, only this is a tad different. <br />Overall, this CD rocks. Do yourself a favor, Linkin Park listeners, Non-Linkin Park Listeners, haters who hate Linkin Park and never heard their good songs, and people who are reading this review, and GET THIS CD!!!
B000069HK2|5.0|The Used is the type of band in which you either love em or hate em... And for most people i hope it is loving them.. Almost every song on this cd would get a perfect rating from me. It's amazing how a band can go from screaming out their lungs to a laid back acoustic song. And that's what makes the used so great. It really shows talent to be able to pull that feat off.   If u are into emo/punk  u NEED to buy this Cd.. U will never want to stop playing it!!
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead breaks through to uncharted territory with Kid A.  Although in my opinion this is not their best album, it is still a solid work.  From the very first song, the music captivates you with vivid images of a whole different landscape, the landscape of the future.  &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; is a great opening song.  Its like a time machine, taking you years into the future and setting the stage for the rest of the album.  The next song, Kid A, is a song many people do not like very much.  I think however that it is a good follow up to the opening tune, and creates the image of a barren, windy landscape.  The tune itself may be a bit dry, but in my opinion the descriptive quality is what matters most on this song and many others on this album.  &quot;The National Anthem&quot; creates a &quot;I'm-trapped-in-complete-darkness feeling, with horns coming out of nowhere.  Very catchy song.  &quot;Idioteque&quot; is one of my favorites, but again, many people I know hate it.  Its very instrumentally deep, and I would describe it as an acquired taste.  Morning Bells is a dark, forboding tune that is carried along by the moving drum part.  Motion Picture Soundtrack closes the album off beatifully, and leaves you in a dreamy state.  This album is not for those who listen to music without analyzing it.  You really have to have open ears to understand this stuff, but it pays off.
B000003TA2|2.0|I hear Goo as a calculated career move by Sonic Youth to keep up with the younger bands who were blowing them off the stage at the time, although they were never meant to be a traditional rock band.  It marks a significant departure from their less structured, noise-scape approach to songwriting that peaked on Daydream Nation.  Goo is Sonic Youth's stab at pop/rock, and it's not very good.  \\"Dirty Boots\\" sounds like a hackneyed teen rebel anthem appropriate for a John Hughes movie soundtrack. (I think it was used in a Christian Slater movie.)  They also tried to camp out on the rap vogue with Chuck D doing a brief bit on \\"Kool Thing.\\"  I caught a Seattle show in '90 with Nirvana opening and Sonic Youth should not have bothered to play their set.  After Nirvana's intense performance, the Goo songs just sounded limp, kind of like goo in fact.  Of course, Nirvana quickly grew cheesy as well, but it was sad to hear it from Sonic Youth, who could have been a much more interesting version of the Grateful Dead, but never bothered to take it far enough.
B0001HLVSC|5.0|I (almost) never go to the theatre to see movies because I am offended by the ads I am expected to sit through after paying $$$ for the movie. But I happened to go to see Seabiscut last fall, and one of the many trailers was for \\"Master & Commander.\\" Having gone the course of the entire Patrick O'Brien series three times (at last count) I knew immediately what it must be, especially when I saw Jack Aubrey (Russell Crowe), almost exactly as I had pictured him.<br />Even so, I was prepared to be disappointed, even though Peter Weir was directing.<br />I am happy to say they got it right. Almost perfect.
B00000I1OY|2.0|Sure, it's like a \\"Twilight Zone\\" episode. In fact, I wish it were more like one, because then it would have been 22 minutes, not the 90-minute mess that it turned out to be. When I saw this movie, it seemed like about half of it was dedicated to Burt Lancaster running/frolicking/limping around as Marvin Hamlisch's atrocious score blasts away.    I'm not against the idea of putting \\"The Swimmer\\" to film, but this was not the way to do it. In addition to the boredom this movie induced, I suspect it would have made me extremely confused had I not been familiar with the original tale. John Cheever's short story on which the film is based involves a man's life collapsing around him -- he loses his youth, his social status, and his money as he swims from pool to pool -- all over the course of one afternoon. At the same time, the weather gets colder and the season changes from summer to autumn. None of this was apparent in this movie, though. I could easily imagine a viewer taking the whole thing literally -- certainly not what Cheever intended. Instead of being an allegory, it just seemed that Burt Lancaster's character had lost his sanity in addition to everything else -- living as if the previous three, five, or however many years of his life had not occured. Lancaster's acting doesn't help make things clear, either; his frequent blank stares only made the main character seem crazier.    If you want to laugh at a film that makes very little sense and is filled with really dated music, then feel free to watch this. Otherwise, just stick to the reading the short story. You'll have more than an hour to spare!
B0001ENY6M|5.0|John Debney's intense, melodic score adds much atmosphere to Mel Gibson's magnificent film, but can also stand on its own as intriguing and lovely listening. It uses a lot of background vocals and chanting to great effect, and fascinating instruments that give it a middle-eastern flavor; notable is the duduk, which is an ancient double-reed similar to the clarinet, often used in Armenian folk traditions.<br />It is a score that changes from gentle tenderness to percussive strength, always interesting in its many moods. A few tracks have lush string arrangements, and track # 9, &quot;Mary Goes to Jesus&quot; takes flight on wings of sound.<br />Other contributors to the score are Jack Lenz, Shankar &amp; Gingger, with lyrics by Lisbeth Scott. The sound quality is terrific and total playing time is 54'09.<br />It is all at once inspiring, peaceful, and energizing music, and a score that I will be listening to many years from now.<br />See the film, and hear the music; this is the rare stuff that changes lives with its beauty, power, and truth.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Period!<br />HBO should find a way to re-release this in the theaters.  It would be insane to watch on a large screen with high quality surround sound.<br />Not enough people know about this.  You don't need to be a history buff or war movie freak to appreciate this epic film.<br />I can't see any movie bettering this.  Wow.
B00018D44U|2.0|Norah Jones latest release &quot;Feels Like Home&quot;, proves to be a very sedate and uneventful cd.  Just like her debut, Jones comes off sounding like a piano lounge singer at best.  There is no risk taking in her music at all, as she maintains a constant recipe of boring muzak, that will not tax her vocal chords anytime soon.  Roberta Flack  was a similar soft piano chrooner, who was very successful, because she had superior voice and material.  This latest release is riding high, thanks to the popularity gained by her first release, but there is nothing earth-shattering or groundbreaking here to warrant 5 star reviews.  If you want groundbreaking, from a female piano vocalist, I suggest you revisit Carole Kings Tapestry!  That is what I call a monumental album.
B000089RVX|2.0|if you like this album you will most certainly go crazy over Lacuna Coil.  Evanescence and this album is a straight RIP OFF of a REAL music group called Lacuna Coil.  Lacuna Coil has been doing this longer and better with SO much more feeling in their songs as well.  Evanescence sounds like this music was just put together like LEGOS compared to Lacuna Coil,..no feeling!!  try &quot;Comalies&quot;,..its their best album and far better than Evanescence.  &quot;Unleashed Memories&quot; is a good cd as well.  nothing against Evanescence but they flat STOLE their style from Lacuna Coil and DOES NOT pull it off as well as Lacuna Coil does. trust me, this is the only review i have ever written. i just felt i had to write it after hearing this cd after all the raving that has been done about it.  if your a mindless 15 year old girl then you might like Evanescence better.  but if you truly love music i PROMISE you like Lacuna Coil much better.
B0001ENY6M|2.0|I immediately fell in love with the music from the theatrical trailer but that song is no where to be found on the cd.  None of the music is powerful and doesn't really do anything for me.  If I could I would get my money back.  I really don't think that the music lived up to the movie.
B0000TB01Y|2.0|it suks, ruins whole book, yes betsy from plilidelphia.  if you base something on a book,  you must be loyal to the book.  it was totally weak.  it sukd and so does any1 who thought it even compared 2 anything else on broadway.at least it had a decent plot. that was due 2 the book!!!!!!!
B00014TJ7K|5.0|Prior to the release of &quot;Cloud Nine&quot;, George Harrisons last solo album in 1982 &quot;Gone Troppo&quot;, was his biggest commercial failure.  It took George 5 years to respond with another album, and respond he did.  &quot;Cloud Nine&quot;, was met with rave reviews, and was being called his best solo outing since &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;.  The album is full of upbeat rockers, and well written tunes, that make the listener want to sing right along with George.  The title track, features some awesome slide guitar work by George, and that is just the beginning.  Eric Clapton, Elton John, Ringo Starr and Jeff Lynne are just some of the supporting cast.  Even the ballad &quot;That's What it Takes&quot;, has plenty of gusto.  Songs like &quot;This Is Love&quot;[could have also been a major hit with some airplay], &quot;Wreck of The Hesperus&quot;, Devil's Radio&quot;, and &quot;When We Was Fab&quot;, are all top notch grade &quot;A&quot; material that helps give the cd a feeling, that every tune could have been released as a single.  The cd also features the smash hit &quot;Got My Mind Set On You&quot;.  &quot;Cloud Nine, proved to be his biggest selling album since &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;.  This remastered edition, features, quality sound, two bonus tracks and new liner notes and photo's.  The two bonus cuts &quot;Shanghai Surprise&quot; and the Cab Calloway sounding &quot;Zig Zag&quot;, are actually quite enjoyable.  This album is all quality, and one of the finest albums George Harrison has ever made.  The other must have Harrison reissue, is his 1976 debut for dark Horse records, &quot;Thirty Three And A Third&quot;.
B00005ATQF|4.0|&quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; is basically two films in one. The best one of course being what the soldiers had to go through in boot camp. Joker ( Matthew Modine), Animal Mother ( Adam Baldiwn), Gomer ( Vincent D'Onofrio), and others are all plunged into a boot-camp hell run by the ruthless and sadistic Sergeant Hartman ( Lee Ermey). He pushes the boys to their physical and emotional limits, and views them as grunts, maggots, or something even lower. Once bootcamp is over, the second story starts, and the boys are thrust into the Vietnam war. This part of the film features tons of realistic battle scenes, how each soldier reacts to the war itself, and the brotherhood that develops between the fellow soldiers. <br />&quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; is a beautiful combination of comedy, violence, and the horror of war. As great as this film is however, I could only give it a rating of 4 stars. In order for a film to give a 5 star rating from me, it cannot seem boring or drawn out. Once the soldiers go to war, the film can be extremely slow moving at times. But for the most part, watching the film is a rewarding experience. The cast is sensational. Lee Ermey's portrayal of Drill Instructor Sergeant Hartman is one of the best I have ever seen. I have never felt sorrier for a character than I did with Vincent D'Onofrio's Private &quot;Gomer Pyle&quot;. Watching what he had to go through will shock and disgust you. Especially the scene where he gets beat repeatedly with bars of soap. The conclusion to boot camp between Gomer and Sgt. Hartman is one of the most shocking and dramatic scenes that I have ever witnessed. Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, Dorian Harewood, and Arliss Howard are all great in their roles as well, and really help to bring the story to life. <br />Although &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; can be quite slow at some points in the film, it is one of the greatest war films ever made. The boot camp session will have you laughing harder than you ever have before,the battle scenes are realistic, the music is wonderful, and the performanes are outstanding. Be warned though, the DVD is extremely mediocre. For some reason, all DVD's for Kubrick's films offer average quality and no extras.
0446310786|1.0|I want to like this book! I really do! I want it to touch me emotionally like it did to all your other readers. But so far I'm on page 118 and its makin me really mad! I'm doin this for a school assignment and I have to finish it on March 1. The story is so pointless, its about this these 3 kids obsessed with their neighbors and want to see what their son looks like, nothing else. Usually good books start getting good from pages 30 - 50, but so far this book is a disgrace. I hope you people that gave this piece of crap 5 stars are right about this book being a &quot;classic.&quot; If you really want to get a good book about what discrimination was like and what innocent people had to go through, I recommend &quot;Through My Eyes&quot; by Ruby Bridges.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is my favorite CD from Blink and I'm kidding.  Every song on this Cd is great and I think that everyone who has listened to this CD I think will agree. The best song on the CD to me would be \\"Mutt\\" it is a great song and has great and funny lyrics.  And the other would be everyone's favorite \\"What's My Age Again?\\".  And this why I think this CD is great.
B00005QIPH|5.0|The Strokes have been hyped so much that... well, words can't describe it. They've been on tons of magazine covers, television programs, and radio stations all over the country and world. They've been deemed the best musical thing out of New York since the Velvet Underground, and the &quot;saviors of rock n' roll&quot;.<br />... Are those comments true?<br />... Why should any of us care?<br />Is This It rocks... and that's all that matters. It does contain influences from fellow New York rock greats Television and the Velvet Underground (notice the banana art in the &quot;Last Nite&quot; video?), but they're used wisely. Tons of powerful relationship songs, thanks to the lyrics of Julian Casablancas, and the sheer pop skill of everyone else. Basically, this is garage rock like it's already been heard... but with a slightly different and unique sound, and youth energy. Throw in the bounciness of &quot;Barely Legal&quot; and the &quot;Satisfaction&quot;-esque (could there be a Rolling Stones influence, too?) &quot;Hard to Explain&quot;, and you've got yourself a classic.<br />Does it live up to the super-sized hype? ... How would that be possible? The record is brilliant. Enjoy it. More than likely, Lou Reed would want you to.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|This movie was heart-warming and all-encompassing.  It didn't stray to pithy romance or overly dramatic saga.  It is hard to leave the theatre being a pessimist.  A Must-See.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|You created this monster.  This CD is straight garbarge.  But people will continue to buy it.  Artist like Britney Spears takes food off the table from real singer song writers.<BR>Britneys Memo good beats garbage lyrics.  Thank you for this one America.  Not.
B0000AI45P|5.0|My thoughts when I first checked out Marquee Moon? The original version had eight songs. How could a record with eight songs be praised so highly?<br />Because all of them rock. And as an album, they mesh together remarkably.<br />Verlaine's vocals are what make, or break, the album for the listener. For many, they can take a bit of an adjustment in musical taste. But the thing is that they're powerful enough to make that happen. On Marquee Moon, he's not a screamer or a whiner. He's a strong, emotional vocalist. Songs like \\"Friction\\" and \\"Elevation\\" prove the point. He could be singing \\"Old MacDonald Had a Farm\\" and many would be glued.<br />Don't expect the Sex Pistols... the disregard for all authority isn't here. Don't expect The Ramones... Marquee Moon is a more complicated sort of fun. Don't expect The Clash... it's not as outright political. Don't expect the Velvet Underground... though that's getting closer. Television's style is simply their own, and the reason why they're considered \\"punk\\" is because they were part of the great New York musical scene of the 70s. Their music requires an attention span, a bit of patience, and an admiration for pure musicianship.<br />What are the highlights? Listen, and find out for yourself. You may be tempted to say \\"everything\\"... which is a good few tracks, even if it's the eight song version.
B000002UDB|5.0|This album easily ranks as one of the greatest ever!!! Little wonder it is one of the Beatles biggest sellers,with a bunch of number one singles on it!!!
B000002U82|5.0|... There's so much that can be said about this album. It's daring, it's artistic (to dramatically understate it), and there's nothing else like it... yet the entire thing fits together better than any other album in recorded history.<br />What makes Dark Side of the Moon so charming is how so much is open to interpretation. Does &quot;Speak To Me/Breathe&quot; resemble birth, while &quot;Brain Damage&quot; and &quot;Eclipse&quot; resemble death? Who exactly are 'us' and 'them'? There are so many other questions, but Dark Side of the Moon puzzles the listener without time to pause. What's &quot;On The Run&quot;'s purpose? Is it a message about how fast-paced our society is? If &quot;Speak to Me/Breathe&quot; is about birth, is it about childhood? Things can go on and on.<br />Even the tracks that are obvious are excellent. &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Money&quot; are quite philosophical... they make the listener realize how important it is to live. Why be weighted down by one's own ego? Just how much does money matter? Why put things off until tomorrow? These may sound like common questions, but the passion and integrity of Pink Floyd's vocals, lyrics, and instrumental musicianship will make them stick... and make one realize how deep and important they truly are. Of course, the other tracks are great, and there are more elements to the ones already discussed, but we could go on all day.<br />One final note... listen to the album at night, and don't forget to turn all the lights off. It's one of the best musical experiences imaginable.
B00006AW2M|2.0|The album titled 'Their Satanic Majesties Request,' just shows that the Rolling Stones are an opportunistic band. Here the Rolling Stones dabble in psychedelia and it seems like tripping was the main insparation for this album. Personaly, I prefer the stones drunk and high on cocaine/heroin. That way you get great albums like Sticky Fingers! I did not particulalry enjoy listening to this alum, but I wonder if I would of enjoyed it on a different state of mind.
B00005YW4H|4.0|I love many kinds of music, but it's been a long time since an artist released an album that touched me so profoundly.  Norah Jones is just a kid, but she has has soul.  And I've got to admit, &quot;Seven Years&quot; is so lovely it made me weep (and I normally hate to cry).<br />Norah Jones won't rock your world, but she may touch your deep emotions.  Definitely worth a listen!!
B00000DNCF|5.0|If one were to write a review for this double cd set one ought to be familiar with the material(other reviewers take note).<br />     The Badmotorfinger album was in my opinion Soundgarden's finest hour,although Superunknown was a greater commercial success,the band really got their sound and chops down on this album. Ben Sheperd stepped in to replace Hiro Yamamoto,and his songwriting skills and musicianship meshed perfectly with the rest of the group.All the songs are good,with standouts such as &quot;Good Eye Closed&quot; and &quot;Outshined&quot; which was a staple on MTV. <br />    Kim Thayil is god on the guitar,and Cornell has the lungs of a young Ronnie James Dio,with such range it's hard to beleive he is human. Matt Cameron is a good drummer,and even Neil Peart said so(Neil Peart is the best drummer who ever lived,in case anyone was wondering).<br />    As for the bonus cd,a collection af b-sides and live material,I like it a lot. I love their version of DEVO'S &quot;Girl U Want,and &quot;Into The Void&quot;,which really is a Sabbath cover(their influence is heavy on this album)along with the others. For the collector I would recommend this particular item,otherwise you could buy a Cure album and go blow goats.
0446677450|5.0|I have read many books on personal finance and wealth building, but this one by Kiyosaki is the very best. Why? Because it deals with the single most important quality to achieve succe$$;<BR>philosophy. How the wealthy think and what makes them different from, well, let's face it, the average and the broke.<br />Like others, I have read those 1,000 page finance books loaded with frivilous information and written by magazine writers who know nothing about how to create wealth and like the others, have been dissappointed and ended up broke and embarrassed.<br />Rich Dad Poor Dad is different and actually delivers on it's promises. If youw ant wealth, read Rich Dad Poor Dad. If you want to continue to be broke and embarrassed, read those ridiculous 1,000 page worthless tomes.
B00018TI5E|5.0|Thank God for John Frusciante! And thank God that there are still original musicians out there who make no compromises but continue to share their art with the world, regardless of fashion and celebrity. I'm a long-time Frusciante fan, and I see something unique and magical in all his solo work, but Shadows Collide With People is probably his most complete and easily accessible work to date. The inspiration for this collection of songs seems to come from a whole range of sources, but the result is ultimately a testimony to John's great musicianship and a spirit which is all his own.
B00000APLB|5.0|Keith Richards takes this album where it's going - all the rest is commentary.  The commentary is of course all-out brilliant, the perfect  setting for a man intent on wresting salvation from his music.  <br />Woody is a fine foil for Keith (and that's *his* solo on YCAGWYW that other reviewers are enthusing over, while Keith provides the have-mercy-baby rhythm).  The whole band (as well as the mix, praise be) defers to the guitarists' \\"ancient form of weaving\\" as they shimmer and snarl and roar and prowl through some of the most ferocious renditions ever of this exceptionally well-chosen material.    <br />In other words: Here are the Stones getting right down into the thick of the rock & roll soup where they belong.  Even if you don't know what was going on in the band's, and especially Keith's, offstage life on the dates these recordings were made, it's impossible not to be riveted.<br />Charlie is perfect, naturally.  And anyone who thinks Tumbling Dice wants to be faster than this has a *lot* to learn about the nice long slow sweaty side of sensuality.
B0000027F8|5.0|Throughout his entire career, his songwriting has always been unique, the haunting qualities of his voice have always been at the forefront of his melodies. Yet, he has only ever produced 3 albums, and his last real album was over 7 years ago. Where others of less talent, would produce new albums every 6 months or yearly, George evidentely can only release material when he has 'something to say'. <br />For many, George is the aspirational singer, songwriter. No one has ever combined such unique songwriting skills with such an emotive and addictive voice.<br />In many ways, this album contains tracks that are as good (Emotionally, Spiritually,) as can ever be produced, by anyone, anywhere.<br />Consider this, George was only 17 when he wrote 'careless whisper', seems incredible how someone so young had the maturity and talent to write / compose such a timeless and effortless ballad.<br />There seems to be 2 types of people in life, those that will look at a product, and appreciate its qualities, regardless of fashion or what mass popularity dictates. Or those that can only follow the mainstream, and go along with whatever is popular, good or, more usually, the very bad indeed.<br />So, the title of this album is perfect, for me and many others, its without doubt one of the very, very finest peices of music ever recorded. For others, it contains G.Michael who was ultra popular with girls when in Wham! so they can never get seen even holding the cd.<br />What does it take to change the essence of a man ?
B00006AW2E|5.0|Who needs caffeine anymore - I wake up dancing to this shining display of mastery + hormones.  From the raucous kicker \\"She Said Yeah\\" through the freaky-before-its-time \\"I'm Free\\", the Stones give us 12 powerful elucidations of how this music, in their intent hands, shook the world for good.  A blend of brilliant covers on the one hand and forays into original songwriting on the other, the album shows off not only the Stones' splendid roots but also what those roots are inevitably flowering into: the greatest rock & roll band in the world, what else?!
B00004WLXZ|5.0|This DVD (and I say DVD because I mean this specific DVD version) is priceless. The narration is super, and this is coming from someone who has studied Nazism for many years. In addition, the ability to watch it with subtitles and without the naration in order get the closest feel to watching it as a German would have, cannot be replaced.<br />So, the commentary is excellent, the options are also excellent, the DVD is top notch.  The film itself needs no introdution or description, it is what it is: amazing in its own right, even more so as a piece of history.<br />This DVD needs to be shown to every school across America.<br />Edit: I do have one criticism about the commentary<br />While I liked it, it does have problems. For real students of Nazism you won't learn much from the commentary, but it is good to hear a relatively unbaised straight forward accessment of what was going on in the movie. The commentary definately ads value even for students of Nazism IMO. For people who are not in depth students of Nazism, or who have many of the common misconceptions about Nazism, his comments don't go into detial enough, and in fact he really glosses over many of the more important points, just mentioning them as assides.<br />He goes over less important points many times(like the fact that all the people in uniforms were non-military), but there are several important points that if you \\"blink\\" you may miss, and he goes into no further detial, which could leave many people slightly confused, or drawing wrong conclusions.<br />Overall though its still very good, and he treated the subject matter with the right degree of detachment in almost all cases, though I object to a few minor points, such as calling people \\"evil\\", which IMO has no place in any scientific or hisorical analysis, but those things were minor.<br />This is still a great DVD for everyone, but for non-students of Nazism it really needs more detail. If using this video in a classroom setting students shouldbe given a deeper background on Nazism first. This isn't a piece for \\"first time exposure\\" to Nazism, as a means of a learning tool.<br />But, it (the DVD) is what it is, I don't think it was meant to be the definative history of Nazism in the first place, so for what it is, its great.
B000053VBL|5.0|\\"The Bride Wore Black\\" is another neo-noir classic from Francois Truffaut.  It's adapted from the pulp novel masterpiece by Cornell Woolrich (aka William Irish.)  Truffaut retains the story and the sense of doom of the book but pares down Woolrich's convoluted plot so that it is even darker.  Jeanne Moreau is scary as the implacable Bride, who tracks down the five men she holds responsible for the death of her husband on their wedding day.  (You can see the tremendous influence this film had on Tarantino's [[ASIN:B00005JMEW Kill Bill, Volume 1]]).  This is an icy examination of the eternal war between men and women;  the men are either sexual predators or spinless wimps, and the Bride is remorseless in exterminating them.  The film has several setpieces that are obviously tributes to Hitchcock (like the high-rise building; and the wrongfully accused teacher.)  There's even a musical score by Hitch's signature composer, Bernard Herrman.  Truffaut ratchets up the tension to unbearable levels as we wait to see how the Bride will dispatch her next victim.  Truffaut, the great humanist and friend of small children, occasionally peeks out, but mostly this film is  a gripping ride on the dark side.  It also has one of the gratest final scenes I've encountered in a movie.  Just terrific.
B000066NW0|5.0|Wow! I decided to buy this album after listening to the first two singles \\"Complicated\\" and \\"Sk8er Boi\\". Was I surprised? I definitely was. It's amazing how a teenage girl of her age can have that much talent. I mean, she has a great voice, she writes her songs, and she plays the guitar. I wasn't expecting this album to be that great. I must say that this album includes songs for everyone. One thing I like about Avril Lavigne's personality is her honesty. I mean, she acts and does what she feels like doing. She behaves how she wants to behave not caring about what others may say. These personality traits are also shown throughout this entire album.<br />Below is my track-by-track review.<br />1. \\"Losing Grip\\" - (5/5 pts.) This is one of the singles out of this album. It was a big hit. Great song to start the album. <br />2. \\"Complicated\\" - (5/5 pts.) The first single. Even though this song was too overplayed, I still think it's great. For me, this song has a very good message. Be yourself and never feel afraid to show others who you really are. That will just make things more \\"complicated\\".<br />3. \\"Sk8er Boi\\" - (5/5 pts.) Another great song. It tells the story of a girl who is in love with a skater boy, but never lets him know because they are very different. This song also has a very good message.<br />4. \\"I'm With You\\" - (5/5 pts.) Another hit out of this album. This is a great rock ballad. Great way to continue the album after the uptempo \\"Sk8er Boi\\".<br />5. \\"Mobile\\" - (4/5 pts.) Very good song that talks about having to readjust after the changes in life. It's actually a very fun song to listen to with a pop-rock song.<br />6. \\"Unwanted\\" - (5/5 pts.) Aggressive song. Definitely one of my favorites. I think this song talks a lot about Avril. It also has a great message; never talk bad about a person without knowing him or her.<br />7. \\"Tomorrow\\" - (5/5 pts.) Another excellent ballad. It has very good lyrics and a relaxing sound.<br />8. \\"Anything But Ordinary\\"- (5/5 pts.) Excellent song with excellent lyrics. I just think the lyrics are great. It talks about wanting to live with more challenges and being different.<br />9. \\"Things I'll Never Say\\" - (4/5 pts.) Very fun pop-rock song to listen to. It talks about being shy to say what you want to say.<br />10. \\"My World\\" - (4/5 pts.) This is totally the songs that talks more about Avril. She's basically describing the way she grew up and the things she used to do when she was younger.<br />11. \\"Nobody's Fool\\" - (5/5 pts.) Another one of my favorites. It has very good lyrics and very cool rap verses, even though the chorus leans a little more into the rock side.<br />12. \\"Too Much To Ask\\" - (5/5 pts.) This is a pretty good rock-ballad. It also has very good lyrics.<br />13. \\"Naked\\" - This ballad is a great way to end the album. It talks about being afraid to open up with people. Excellent message.<br />This is one of those albums that you cannot put down for a long time. Avril Lavigne talks about everything in her songs. I hope that her next album is as successful as this one or even better. Anyway, this album is a must-have. I totally recommend it.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Myself and several pals who bought this set were dismayed to find that the contents of the &quot;Disc Two&quot; case held a second copy of disc one. No disc two to be found. Aaughhh! I recommend verifying that you've received the correct discs 1-4 before tossing your receipt.
0131103628|4.0|This is one of those books that is put aside on the shelf once you just start reading. One year later, you come back and have a go at it once more. Only this time you pause and think what a great book this has always been and you'd wish you had read it earlier. <br />Secondly alot of people here say this is *the* book for beginners. In my honest opinion, this is not so. It's way too technical for beginners to programming. My suggestion is that if you have any academic or professional background with C or any other language, then this book will serve you well. Otherwise don't buy this book, you will simply get lost. Read some good intro books on C which don't go into details. Once you get your feet wet, go ahead and buy this book. You will enjoy it.<br />There is a mis-paragraphing in the sections in chapter 5 where they are discussing the method alloc(). The value returned in the method code and the discussion of what the method returns is inconsistent. The discussion could have been put in better words.<br />Overall this is a very good book. A must have for serious C programmers. I would advise you to read the code *before* you read the discussion, it will help you undertsand better, especially if you like learning by example, otherwise, do as you please.<br />I am not a fan of huge 500-1000 page books on Computers. This book beats them all, well done K&amp;R. Enjoy your read on this one when you buy it.<br />Cheers
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This was absolutely one of the worst movies I ever sat through.  I wondered how anyone could appreciate it.  There was 2-3 minutes that I laughed hard.  When the Japanese director spoke in his native tongue for a full minute and the translator would have a 5 second interpretation for Bill Murray I laughed.  Bill Murray knew he was saying alot more than that and the translator was more than abbreviating the conversation.  <BR>  My view of the movie was imagine video-taping your grandpa sitting on the front porch napping.  That was as exciting as I found the plot. Now reading the reviews I can only guess that if you actually visited Tokyo you would be able to relate to this type of boredom.  If this is what a vacation is like in Japan I never want to go.  I had friends got to Japan after college to teach English but they never said Japan was bad.  I still give the movie two thumbs down but thank the fellow reviewers for explaining what some view as good about this movie.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|I thorougly enjoyed this movie and I didn't expect to. I went in knowing nothing... I feel as though everybody else seemed to know it was a vampire vs. warewolf movie beforehand. Anyway, perhaps that's why it was a surprising treat to me. I thought it was well done and far more enjoyable than the trailers or the poster makes one think. The poster reminds me too much of that Purple Rain guy!
B000000WF0|5.0|The Verve's Urban Hymns is a great CD with an amazing collection of great songs, like Bittersweet Symphony and Sonnet. But the best song, or my favorite song, is certainly Lucky Man. It encaspsulates everything about life in one amazing song. This is a  must have CD!
B00005JM0B|4.0|This one had better humor than the I &amp; II. Also, it's more fun. Kind of hooky at times but it's a Terminator movie, what do you expect? Very fun, very funny, and a fairly good ending although they did seem to go cheaper on the special effects toward the end of the movie.
B00006RU5B|4.0|Two of the Best bands of the early 90's, Soundgarden and Rage Against the Machine (RATM) join for a &quot;sometimes unique&quot; album.     <BR>     After listening to the whole thing a few times through, I do have to say I don't beleive Audioslave has reached their pinnacle yet. It's either that or they're underachievers. The thing that gets me with this debut is how great it COULD have been. When &quot;Cochise&quot; and &quot;Show Me How To Live&quot; are blaring, the potential of this unique blend lead me to believe this is something special. Then, when I hear songs like &quot;Like A Stone&quot; and &quot;I Am The Highway&quot; I feel like they're just filling in track numbers with slow, generic rock ballads. This is not Audioslave! This isn't RATM OR Soundgarden. If I wanted that, I'd buy a f****** Sting album. <BR>     With that out of the way, here's a track-by-track listing:<br />1. Cochise - (8/10) A good hard rock song with great vocals by Cornell.    <br />2. Show Me How To Live - (10/10) The best song on the album, features a smooth, melodic riff leading to a great chorus utilizing the voice of Chris Cornell that RATM did not have with Zach De La Rocha.<br />3. Gasoline - (7/10) It's a pretty good song. Great riff by Morello.<br />4. What You Are - (8/10) The ONLY good mellow song on the whole album. Cornell's voice really takes over.<br />5. Like A Stone - (5/10) Really a generic song that has all members of RATM doing practically nothing. I don't get it w/ this one.<br />6. Set It Off - (8/10) Another good song w/ a hard, catchy chorus. Bad intro, though.<br />7. Shawdon On the Sun - (6/10) - An OK song.<br />8. I Am The Highway - (5/10) - Similar to &quot;Like A Stone&quot;, slow with nothing to offer.<br />9. Exploder - (8/10) Cornell's best vocals on the album. You wait for a build up that isn't there.<br />10. Hypnotize - (6/10) A fast beat set by drummer Brad Wilk combined with long, drawn out vocals by Cornell. Too bad it doesn't translate into avery good song.<br />11. Bring Em Back Alive - (8/10) The riffs by Tom Morello and Commerford keep this song together. <br />12. Light My Way - (7/10) A fairly good song that grew on me. Once again, good vocals by Cornell.<br />13. Getaway Car - (5/10) I wish this album had 12 songs on it.<br />14. The Last Remaining Light - (4/10) Read tracks #13 and #5.<br />An overall good effort by Audioslave, I hope they can release a harder sophmore follow-up, and keep the mood more like the first two tracks.
B00018D44U|4.0|If I'd reviewed this CD after the first listening, it would have one star only. My wife (h-u-g-e Nora fan!) would agree.<br />After the second listen, our review goes up another 3 stars. Why? It's hard to explain but this CD's music is different in many ways from the first with an intentional country twang sound in there and yet... at the second listen, we began to like it! After 3 times, we're fans once again.
6305280762|3.0|What made &quot;Poseidon&quot; so compelling was following a small band of characters in their struggle to survive a major disaster.  This fiery follow up is overlong and pales in comparison--not only thrusting five times as many characters at us (does anyone really care if OJ Simpson saves a kitty cat?), so we don't care about them...it's just one flailing rag doll plunging to a pitiful death after another!  There are also countless &quot;Poseidon&quot; rip offs throughout, proving that it doesn't always work the second time around.  You'd think screenwriter Silliphant would have done more than just change some character names!  (Robert Wagner &quot;ran the 100 yard dash&quot; much the same way Shelley Winters held a swimming record...  Fred Astaire channels Jack Albertson with the addition of a bad toupee...  Susan Flannery is dressed like Stella Stevens and suffers the same fate.  Sheila (Mrs. Irwin) Allen turns up with a bigger role this time plus gets to survive!  Carol Lynley must not have wanted to reprise her role as the willowy pop singer who croons the Oscar-winning best song, so Maureen McGovern dyed her hair blonde.  There's Bobby Brady being even more obnoxious than Eric Shea's &quot;Robin.&quot;  It goes on and on.  The DVD offers no exciting special features, although the picture quality of the film is excellent as are the action sequences directed by Allen.
B0000BWVCM|4.0|Far better effects, far more depth. A little darker than #1 but still has many fun moments. I wish they'd do more with Iceman than let him toss snowballs and ice, like riding ice bridges the way he does in the Marvel books.
B00005JMQ0|5.0|While network & cable news television reveal(s) inside political information to its' viewers, they only tell a fraction of the story, and only reveal what the viewer wants to hear at that. Docudramas/biopics, on the other hand, tell the complete & entire story as is, all without leading the onlooker astray in the process. Former U.S. Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara's account is no exception, of which, during the course of \\"The Fog of War\\"'s one hour, forty-five minute run, enlightens its' viewers with a biographical and pictorial collage of Mr. McNamara's hectic and universal life in government. Also contained within the fascinating, as well as extremely personal pages of Mr. McNamara's diary, this \\"Soldier of Fortune\\" really gets down to business, and isn't gun-shy in the slightest when discussing issues relating to the Cuban Missile Crisis (including Fidel Castro's reign of power [as well as his reign of terror against the United States Government and its' proud citizens]) and the Vietnam War. McNamara also manages to sneak in a poignant and mesmerizing real-life story pertaining to his frienship with the Kennedy family, as well as standing toe-to-toe with President Johnson and his administration. Robert discusses said wars from a business standpoint as well, including a \\"lesson\\" in the economic laws of supply and demand. Even with an I.Q. ranging in the 99th percentile (I.Q. of 140 or higher), McNamara concedes that even he has his faults, and acknowledges that no one's perfect by any means imaginable. By looking at this insightfully provocative and candid account, even I don't have to be a genius (of which I'm not, trust me!), to see that a man of Robert S. McNamara's talents and intellect, has any noticable flaws, of which there are extremely few, I'm quite sure. But, don't just take my word for it, just weigh all the merits of this particular \\"...Fog...\\", and see your way clear for yourself (either at an art-house cinema locale near you, or on video or DVD in the not-too-distant future) real soon!D in the not-too-distant future) real soon!
B00005JLYW|3.0|This one probably wasn't technically any better than the first and it probably wasn't written any better and yet... it was more enjoyable. Perhaps the first was kind of an initiation of sorts for this movie's style. Once we saw the first and said &quot;only fair and the effects are far too stupid to be believable,&quot; perhaps now we're past that and can just enjoy this one on its own level. I think this is worth watching. Like the 1st, it bears little resemblance to the TV show other than a thin story thread foundation and that's a good thing.
0385510438|5.0|As one of the Grisham faihful, I never fail to show up at the bookstore the day the book goes on sale. Needless to say, I was quite excited when The Last Juror hit the shelves. In my usual new Grisham book excitement, I took the book home, fixed some tea and began voraciously reading. I took a decade-long  journey with narrator Willie Traynor in a matter of hours, but it took nearly as long to steer my mind back into the reality of my own life. Not only was  I not disappointed with The Last Juror, I happened to be more than pleased with the novel. <br />The Last Juror has the usual plot twists and turns of a Grisham novel, but it sets itself apart with excellent character development. The narrator, as usual, is a flawed yet lovable  character that might have more in common with the reader than most of us would like to admit.  The people our narrator comes in contact with are genuine and each character calls up the memory of someone in my own life. <br />I was looking forward to revisiting Ford County and the rather interesting individuals who populate the small yet drama-filled town of Clanton. Grisham spent a great deal of time developing the setting in the novel and managed to create an even clearer view of  this exciting little Mississippi town.  From the narrator's visits to local churches to his initial amusement at the quirks of a small town newspaper and the folks who read it, Grisham lets Willie take us into a world that is very real and feels a little like home. His choice of narrator, a privileged outsider, allows him to use Willie to reveal so much about the town that might be taken for granted by someone in their element. <br />If you are looking for an action packed thriller, this might not be the Grisham book for you. However, I strongly recommend The Last Juror to any Grisham fan or to anyone who loves reading a good book that captures the culture and people of a time and a region.
B0000B1OFL|3.0|You may not even have known that there was another Italian Job. It starred Michael Caine and its story was a little similar to this one but not as compelling. Yet, the original Italian Job had the biggest cliff-hanging ending in the HISTORY OF MOVIES! Why didn't they do something like that here? It was a classic! I downgraded this somewhat (I probably would have given it 4 stars) due to its weak ending when they were handed the most perfect (and ironic) ending in movie history with the first movie.
0385504209|5.0|Ignore all the negative reviews. I hate thrillers. Never touch them. Resisted reading this book for the longest time, but finally caved. Thank goodness! I could  not put it down. Dan Brown's abilities as a story teller leave me breathless.  And for all those who attack the premise, remember this is fiction!
B00008EYA5|3.0|It's an enjoyable movie. Watch it, enjoy it, then toss it out of your head once you're done. Fans of the TV show will see little resemblance but that's best. Jackson is very good, the whole cast is. Regular movie goers will be able to figure out most of the plot before it happens but that's ok also, this isn't deep literature.
0553801546|4.0|For anyone who hasn't read the Farseer Trilogy, which  Robin Hobb wrote back in the late 1990's, it's one of the best fantasy trilogies ever.  The best part of the series is the way it ends.  I don't want to ruin the ending for anyone who hasn't read the book, but the ending is more real, more natural then any the ending nearly any other fantasy novel ever, with the possible exception of &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot;.  It's neither happy, nor sad.  It's bittersweet, yet somewhat appropriate.  It was a great ending.<br />      Unfortunately the &quot;Tawny Man&quot; series, which continues the adventures of FitzChivalry Farseer, had a true fairy tale happy ending and it kind of soured me on what is otherwise a remarkable book in another remarkable series by Ms. Hobb.  Robin Hobb is by far the best fantasy writer today.   Her characters possess a realism that no author fantasy author can provide (yes, I am talking about you, Robert Jordan).  Even the most minor character leaps out of the page at you.  Her writing is crisp, beautiful and makes the book you read after it seem cheap and undesireable.  Why she doesn't get more credit is beyond me.  <br /> If this book was written by any other author, I would have given it five stars and never looked back.  However, I have come to expect more from Robin Hobb and outside of the middle third of this book, it just wasn't there.  Of course, it was well written.  Of course, the characters were as real and fragile as ever.  Yet, the book starts off slowly, basically just sort of continuing the slow ending of the previous novel, and it ends even slower.  The entire story basically takes place in the middle of the book, in which the plot and story lines basically come to an end.  What follows is about a 100 page denouement which gives a happy ending to Fitz' story, which just doesn't seem right.  <br />     Of course, it's the author's right to end her stories as he or she sees fit and if Ms. Hobb wanted to give Fitz a happy ending, then so be it.  However, I liked the bittersweet ending of the first Farseer Trilogy much better and was hoping for something similar.  Fitz was not a character that really seemed to know what to do with a happy ending to his life, so it seemed slightly out of character for the book to end this way.  <br />     Nevertheless, I do hope Robin Hobb keeps writing.  She should be awarded and commended for her body of work and I want to see her keep going forever!!!
0385510438|3.0|The title completely makes no sense although there is a jury that is a major part of this story. Anyway, I enjoyed it better than some reviewers here but I do think the story had more potential. Spoiler alert follows (don't read until you've read the book or decided not to): Wouldn't it have been FAR better to make the killer the sister of the murdered woman, the sister who visited the newspaper man during the trial?
B000099T2L|4.0|I definitely agree with the reviewers who wrote that there are a few songs on this CD that I always want to skip over, namely &quot;Hip Hop Star&quot; and &quot;That's How You Like It.&quot; Personally, I prefer the ballads on this album to the more upbeat hip-hop ones, but there is a nice balance between the two that should make fans of both music styles quite happy overall with Beyonce's solo effort.<br />Songs like &quot;Crazy in Love&quot; and &quot;Naughty Girl&quot; make me want to get up and dance, while ballads such as &quot;Dangerously in Love,&quot; &quot;Me, Myself and I,&quot; and &quot;Speechless&quot; make me want to sit back and just listen to the beautiful and stunning quality of Beyonce's voice. And especially in &quot;Gift from Virgo,&quot; listeners can hear how wonderfully her voice sounds while complemented by the background music that seems to come straight out of a jazz nightclub in Harlem. Aside from the two aforementioned tracks that seem to be there only for filler purposes (that is, to take up space and make the album slightly lengthier), this is certainly a solid CD. When Beyonce is at her best, it is truly an amazing thing to hear. My only regret is that this entire album wasn't full of moments like that, but I have no doubt that Beyonce is still well on her way to establishing herself as a successful solo artist and finding a comfortable sound that is unmistakeably her own.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|Sure, it's better than #2 but this third and final (good) is only marginally better. It's story is about as convoluted. I suppose one could see 1-3 over and over and over and then finally make some sense of the story but the story isn't worth that much effort. The effects are good here, the best of all of them, but it shows once again that effects cannot carry a movie. As much as I wanted The Hulk to be better than it was, I cannot believe that Matrix Reloaded got better reviews than The Hulk this year because The Hulk was watchable and understandable.
B00006SFBI|4.0|The album is great...doesn't matter if it is only cd or sacd.  The thing with this disc, or at least the advertising is that it is not a 5.1 sacd, only stereo.  If you have a 5.1 sound system, you will only get playback through the front two speakers.
B00005JKC3|3.0|I REALLY wanted this to be a good movie. After watching this DVD and listening to the Directory's commentary, I think it was actually Ang Lee who was responsible for messing this all up. Everything he thought was really good was exactly why you and I didn't like it (the Arabian background music at times, the long drawn-out broody thought scenes of Banner, etc.)  The action is superb and although the CGI doesn't make you think Hulk is real, they are fun and just real enough to be very good effects. They are enjoyable effects. The final third of this movie makes up for MANY ills of the first 2/3rds.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|First off let me say if you get the chance to see this band live, do it. I have seen them three times, the first time they opened for the Deftones, Chino was way drunk and the deftones should have opened for APC. they stole the show, it was the best concert I have ever seen. The other two times I have seen them they were as good if not better if thats possible. Jeordie steals the show. But this is not a live review of the band it is a review of the CD. The Cd is great, at first I didnt like it as much as Mer De Noms but I think its as good if better as well. The Noose is my favorit, coming in a close second is Pet and Outsider, seeing them live blew me away. This whole cd is incredible. The music craftsmenship on this cd is somthing unheard of this day in age in the world of music. Yes those are maynards vocals, although there are different backing vocals throughout the album he is the lead vocal on the whole thing. All in all this is a cd that's untouchable in most radio play. Nothing Tool at all, this is  totally different experience from tool (coming from a huge tool fan)and if you do think this is to much like Tool then you don't appreciate Tool for what they are and should maybe listen to some Limp Bizkit instead. A Perfect Circle is the best band out there right now, till there is a new tool album that is.
B000001FMC|5.0|It's none other then &quot;Breakout&quot; by SOS! Brings back memories when I first heard it on the radio in my senior year in high school! Groovy tune for that time!
6305313687|5.0|this movie is all about the growth of derek from a racist white skin head to a well to do citizen. when derek killed the two black men, he was consumed with the idea that only blacks committ crimes. when his teacher from high school visits him in the prison there, he is opened up to the fact that it's all just an idea that can be broken. when his cell mate meets him, they don't talk at first because he was everything he hated at first. then when derek's eyes opened, things changed for him. he got out and started showing his old followers who have no idea that he had changed. what grabbed me about this movie was that derek changed his brother through his stories about prison. through that the movie gained my respect. and the ending is worth much more than what you can buy the whole movie for now. it's a movie i would definitely show to my children and any history class i would teach. this is a moving story with the motion picture that just grabs you and won't let go. it's the pitbull of movies. i would suggest you get yours because i have had mine, and it's all good from here.
B000063DI9|5.0|This is my first Maiden CD. I am not too into older metal, and I have to admit I was terribly slow at buying a Maiden album, but I love Iron Maiden now. Every song on this CD is a masterpiece anthem. This belongs in every metalheads collection, regardless of what type of Heavy Metal you are into. Go get this CD now. It is waiting for you.
B0000DCGT7|1.0|IT WAS SOOOOOOOOO FUNNY IN THIS MOVIE...LOL.....STIFFLER WENT TO A GAY BAR AND THOUGHT HE WAS GONNA MEET A HOT GIRL AND MET A GUY.....AND THE DANCING SCENE WAS THE GREATEST....I LOVE ALL THOSE 80S SONGS.......BEAR WAS ACTUALLY PRETTY COOL...AND DANCED GOOD TOO.....I DIDNT SEE THE REST BUT THERE WAS A LOT OF GOOD DANCING....STIFFLER IS PRETTY COOL SOMETIMES....SO GO OUT AND SEE IT IF YOU HAVENT YO!!!!!!! STRAIGHT UP FUNNY HILARIOUS GREAT GREAT SUPER GRETA MOVIE!!!!!!!!!
B0000BYM3K|5.0|Although I can now see some similarities between modern Maiden and modern Heavy Metal, Iron Maiden stands out as a band that has had a consistent sound throughout the 25 years or so that they have been a band. What other metal band can say that? Their new album has an impressive guitars and melodies, and I love most of the tracks equally. &quot;Wildest Dreams,&quot; &quot;No More Lies&quot; and &quot;Dance of Death,&quot; are all standout tracks, but none of the tracks are really weak or bad. Cheers to Maiden for staying together so long and may they continue to make more great albums!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I totally agree with all the other reviewers who gave this movie a one-star review.  <BR>     Besides the beautiful, atmospheric tone, this movie was completely boring.  Consider just watching the first 10 minutes and then shutting it off.  You won't be missing a thing.  There is barely any plot, and the ending was a waste. I usually don't give bad reviews to movies, but this movie is an exception. <BR>     I was very angry after watching it, because all the critics had said it was wonderful and enchanting, but like one reviewer already wrote, the critics have to love it because it's &quot;artsy&quot;.  Yeah, it has wonderful camerawork, but no interesting storyline to keep your attention. There is not really any music either, and that really upset me, because when a movie starts to get boring, I can usually count on the music to spark my mood.  Another factor in the movie that makes me furious is Bill Murray's so-called &quot;greatest performance of his life&quot;.  It does not take much talent to sit around like a vegetable the whole movie, not showing any emotion.  He had no energy at all, and isn't the whole point of acting to transfer your energy to the audience and make your performance believable? Yes, I know that was his character's personality in the movie, but who would write up such a mind-numbing character for the big screen in the first place?  <BR>    There are so many good &quot;artsy&quot; movies out there that are much more interesting to watch.  I suggest highly, as a sane person, not to waste your time on this movie, which puts indie movies to shame. I do suggest that you see these real indie movies: THIRTEEN(2003), TAMPOPO,and DEAD MAN.
B000002LRX|5.0|Wow, I remember when this CD first came out. Back when Pearl Jam put out their first CD and the Red Hot Chille Peppers put out Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magic.  I bought this CD not knowing who the band was. I have to say I quickly became a lifelong fan. This CD is simply the best collection of music anywhere and I think it really set the tempo for Patton as he veared off to do other projects. This is a classic from end to end. This CD is probably one of the best to be released in the 90s for sure.
B0000640VM|5.0|Cute spin on the classic Dickens tale, with dogs.  Cheech Marin is great as a chihuaha and basically steals the movie.  One of Disney's better outings with great music from Billy Joel!
B000002NG7|2.0|It's sad that FNM have parted ways but now after hearing this CD I have to say it was for the better. &quot;Album of the Year&quot; in no way compares to thier earlier releases like The Real Thing and especially their best, Angel Dust. Maybe it was when the original guitarist left and the guitarist from Mr. Bungle came in that things started to go downhill for FNM. If you want to hear this band at their finest, listen to Angel Dust and check out Mike Patton's other numerous side projects.
B0001ENY6M|3.0|The music on the original trailer when the film was just called 'The Passion' was from the Peter Gabriel album the long walk home, which was the soundtrack to the film Rabbit proof Fence
B0000CEB4V|5.0|The Concert for George is a concert from the soul by the performers who knew George best.  From start to end you will be moved by the love for George that was exhibited by the performers who gave exactly what they held for George - love.  Through his music, George's presence is felt.  The songs are performed for the most part that way George recorded them - in this manner, the essence of the songs are not lost.  You will be amazed at the remarkable resembalance of Dhani Harrison to his late father [Note to opauly:  Dhani Harrison was born 1st August 1978 making his 25-1/2 not 16 years old]- who is just as talented as his late father.  Dhani and Jeff Lynne (of ELO fame) have been responsible for most of the editing of material released since George's untimely passing (not this one though).  Unfortunately, George is just being recognised as a megastar.  Because he craved his privacy, most of his great work was quietly appreciated by his devoted fans.  He concentrated on his work rather than the spotlight and because of this, most of it was picked up by devotees before the masses.  As of late, his work has come full circle - recognised by the masses. Mirrortime stated to go buy all of George's albums - definitely, the Dark Horse years has just been released as a package.  One should sit back listen to George's music and see what the 'quiet' Beatle actually contributed.  John and George were the mega talents of the Beatles.  Yes, Paul and Ringo are talented, but without Paul's egomania, he would have fallen by the roadside a long time ago.  Think - whose old songs are still played - Beatles, John, George, and maybe, once in awhile, Ringo and Paul .  By the way, I have been a George Harrison fan since 1964 and he has never disappointed me with his material.  Check it all out by date order.
B0000017CA|5.0|Melodic, schizophrenic, heavy, brutal, and definitely intense. This band stretched boundaries by combining sick death metal guitars with soaring vocals and grinding bass lines. I had the opportunity to see them many times before they were signed to Rotten Records, and even opened for them numerous times with my own band. They sounded just as good live as on this album. <BR>Every song here has a memorable guitar riff, catchy vocal, and some of the sickest lyrics ever sung. I can't say enough positive things about this band, other than if you hate what is passing for &quot;metal&quot; these days, you will love this album from the first note to the last.
B0001ADB8C|4.0|After briefly being in print on CD in the early '90s only to disappear soon after, MOST of George's ouput on Dark Horse records is finally available again in beautifully-remastered sound and impressive packaging.<br />Each of the six albums represented in this box are available individually but, let's face it.  A true Harrison fan will want the whole shebang.  In addition to the original albums, the box includes a great little booklet with commentary by Olivia Harrison and David Fricke and an exclusive DVD.<br />Any further details concerning this set would be redundant, but there are a couple of issues that need to be addressed, most importantly the absence of the three &quot;new&quot; tracks from the still-out-of-print _The Best of Dark Horse(1976-1989)_ (&quot;Poor Little Girl&quot;, &quot;Cheer Down&quot;, and &quot;Cockamamie Business&quot;).  Is it safe to assume that we'll have to buy _Best of Dark Horse_ when and if it's reissued just for those three great songs???<br />Then there's the issue of tracks from &quot;Shanghai Surprise&quot;.  The title track of the movie along with the rollicking &quot;Zig Zag&quot; (originally the B-side of &quot;When We Was Fab&quot;) are presented as bonus tracks on _Cloud 9_, but what of &quot;The Hottest Gang in Town&quot;, which is featured on the DVD?  It's just as good as &quot;Zig Zag&quot; and far surpasses &quot;Shanghai Surprise&quot; but yet was left off.<br />Finally, there's the previously-addressed issue of _Somewhere in England_.  If George saw fit to reissue it with the original, rejected cover then why didn't he include the four &quot;lost&quot; tunes as bonus tracks?!  Yes, &quot;Tears of the World&quot; is a bonus track on _33 &amp; 1/3_, but it doesn't belong there! (That's just me being nitpicky.  Sorry!)  Perhaps an additional bonus disc of the long-gone _Songs by George Harrison_ EP would have been appropriate for this box.<br />Oh well.  What we DO have here is a good chunk of the most underrated Beatlesolo music in one tidy package.  Overall, the quality of this collection outweighs any faults.  Purchase and enjoy!
B000065BPB|5.0|These headphones are clean-sounding outside of the box, but as others have written, the mids clear up perfect. Unnaturally low-end sounds are lacking in many cases (and on some rock recordings, some drums never seem to come as clear as one would hope) and it's not always produced easily.<BR>If you enjoy clean, balanced sound, these headphones are for you. However, you can find some very enjoyable cheaper open-style headphones that emphasize clean bass in modern pop/rap recordings. I reccomend the comfortable, 'stylish' Koss UR 40's for this purpose. Those come with Koss's lifetime warranty.<BR>These headphones travel pretty well, even though they are very large. They're surprisingly durable and well-made - they do break though! Don't let your stupid friends touch them! You'll have to take advantage of the 2-year warranty!<BR>These headphones don't provide too much isolation, but they provide the most I've heard at the price.<BR>So, there's really nothing to complain about besides the bass, and that can be fixed with an equalizer. More than acceptable on portables, but great on home systems. I can't say that about any other phones at this price, and anything more expensive is excessive if you ask me.
B00005T30L|5.0|Ghost World is a relatively little known yet truly memorable film that is not for all tastes, which is reflective of its main theme.  Avid collectors of old 78 RPM records and ragtime blues enthusiasts will find a true appreciation in the film's storyline and soundtrack.  Avid admirers of excellent acting, well developed characters, and thoughtful scripts will find a true appreciation in the performances of Buscemi (Seymour), Birch (Enid), and Johansson (Rebecca).  <br />Ghost World is, by far, one of my favorite films of all time.  Again, it is not for everyone, especially those in need of a fast-moving, cinematically inundating overload of stimuli to retain their attention.  I would strongly recommend this film, however, to anyone that can appreciate its sarcastic, cynical humor towards a tasteless, characterless, and culturless society.<br />One of the most memorable lines in the film is when Buscemi (Seymour) states, &quot;I cannot relate to 99 percent of humanity.&quot;  Most people take on an affinity to a particular film because they have a strong connection to it.
0553801546|5.0|To keep it simple, this book was fantastic!!! If you love well written fantasy fiction, Robin Hobb is without a doubt worth your time. One warning!!! Start back with Assassin's Apprentice.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|This is yet another Disney favorite of mine. I never saw it in theatres,but I did see it quite a bit once it came out on video. I really was into it after that. <br />Mulan is a story about a Chinese girl,destined to be settled down with the man,as is her custom,and to bring honor to her family. But her ailing father gets a summons for war,but cannot go. So,Mulan decides to &quot;chop away&quot; her beauty and join the Army to stop the Huns from invading China. Of course,Disney provides a comical relief in Mushu,a disgraced guardian sent to protect Mulan. And Cri-Kee,a cricket bestowed onto Mulan from her family. Mulan learns lessons along the way. Along with a lot of humor. <br />Another film excellent of it's &quot;Gold&quot; status!
B0001AP12G|5.0|This is the best rap album I have heard in a long time.  ( I guess I should also admit that it is the first rap album I have bought in a long time too, but that's beside the point.)  I bought this album after hearing \\"Through the wire\\" anticipating some tight beats and entertaining lyrics which is what Kanye delivered.  He speaks truth without vulgarity or degradation of women.  I have recommended this album to all of my friends and I would highly recommend it to anyone out there who wants to enjoy thoughtful lyrics over excellent music.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|Disney's has lots of hits over the years,but the period from 1989-1995 brought Disney back to their magical height again. Starting from Disney's Little Mermaid all the way to Disney's Pocahontas. But one magical film details this period wonderfully,Disney's Beauty and the Beast.<br />I remember watching this movie in 5th grade in my classroom. And I loved it. From the characters to the dramatic settings,that take place in France. This film is one of the coupe-de-grande films of all time,and the ballroom dancing scene? An original and most cherished scene. <br />I'd recommend this.
B00004XONN|5.0|this album is radiohead's best album in my opinion.<BR>it may not be the radiohead that people expected them to be after the bends and ok computer, but never the less this radiohead is bloody good.<BR>the whole album gels together very nicely, and although hard to listen to after the first play, it is well worth listening to this in 1 play.<BR>not only does the album achieve, what i presume, it's objective: an actual &quot;album&quot;, but it also has a few great songs that can just be played on there own. take your pick, everthing.., how to dissapear..., optimistic, ideoteque, morning bell and motion picture soundtrack are all great songs that stand very well on there own.<BR>i can appreciate that this album will not be to everyone's taste, and i do not recommend this album to people who like easy listening music. but why would you be looking at radiohead then?
B00003CXB4|5.0|This was a favorite between me and all my friends when we were kids. I'd watch this constantly. And even today,it still retains it's excellence among Disney's great films. <br />Of course,you all know the story by now. So I won't bother summarizing it for you. But everything about this movie was excellent. Timon and Pumbaa naturally stole the show,of course. <br />Even though my interest in the film waned a lot(over-milking the franchise,ya know),this movie will still and always be one of my top faves.
B000092ZYX|3.0|this album, being radiohead's sixth attempt, is below par considering the past performances of the band. although still a good album i was expecting much more (being a radiohead fan).<BR>however, this album does have many good points including 2+2=5, there there and a wolf at the door. it does have plenty of let downs though, go to sleep is a bends song and where i end and you begin has been stolen from u2.<BR>my main criticism of this album is that, unlike other radiohead albums, it doesn't have an &quot;identity&quot;. it just chops and changes without much success, and although the songs are on the whole very good, it fails as a album.<BR> in my opinion radiohead have under achieved, 3 stars is probably a bit harsh because the album does have some very good moments, but radiohead can do better.....much better
B00008HCCF|5.0|What can you say about Norah ? Talent to burn, beauty , and musical wisdom that belies her young age. Anyone who criticizes this performance just doesn't get &quot;it&quot;. Norah isn't about vocal histrionics, shock value, or choreography; she's about heartfelt MUSIC that touches your soul to the core ! She has the rare ability to make you feel joy and sadness at the same time and not many have that rare artistic gift.The sound quality of this DVD is superb, contrary to what some have indicated here.I think her live singing is even better than on her recordings ,and that's saying a lot. Buy this DVD and you will be able to watch this timeless talent for years to come with the  same heartfelt results.
B00005JMEW|2.0|A review here boldly proclaims \\"Tarantino does it again\\". Does what? This is the first movie of his that completely sucked. He hasn't done this before, but I knew eventually he'd choke. Mr. \\"Cinema of Cool\\" is so overrated; he had to implode sooner or later. Besides all he has to do is come to Amazon and read all the reviews from the fan-boys to make him feel better, but in his heart of hearts, he knows he made a piece of s(beep)t, unless he suddenly forgot what makes a good story, if not a good movie.<br />What I find most amusing is this feature Amazon has, for people to click on a button to express weather a review helped or not. What people really use it for is to slam reviews that they disagree with. Have you noticed how all the bad reviews here are helping no one, and the good reviews are helping everybody? In other words, people who have already seen the film, have made their decision and therefore need no help will click on how a review they disagreed with didn't help them. Ahhh welcome to the internet; a world populated with testosterone-driven children, which explains all the great reviews for Kill Bill. Get ready to start clicking on how this didn't help you, even though most of you don't need help.<br />When this movie was about to be released, I was interested. I knew it was going to suck, just by watching the way Uma held her sword in the trailer; no skills whatsoever. But it's hard to find a great action movie that delivers the whole package, so we give it the benefit of the doubt. <br />Personally, I enjoyed a couple of Tarantino's movies, but he's nothing special. If he was, he wouldn't have spent the whole of his \\"hiatus\\" conjuring up this crap. If that's not enough I later hear, so he can make his movie longer, he breaks it into two movies, and now we have to pay twice to see one movie. Not I. On that basis I refused to see it. My friends, my brother, everybody was praising this movie, and how great it was and how I must see it. I refused to see it. After several days of peer pressure I saw it, but I refused to PAY, and I'm happy that I did.  <br />I could tell from the word \\"go\\" this was going to be some self-indulgent waste of time. At least he didn't try to act in it, \\"Okaaaaaay Jules, Don't jimmy me, Okaaaaay.\\"<br />So now I've seen Kill Bill. This movie sucked to high heaven, and because Tarantino made it, and he's some kind of indie maverick, I'm supposed to believe that it's really artistic and stylish and I'm missing the point or something.  To that, all I have to say is this: If a story doesn't grab hold of me the movie sucks, \\"Okaaaaaay Jules?\\" Tarantino didn't offer anything new. It's the same old, same old with pointlessly long action sequences, piles of limbs and pools of blood covering up and unimaginative, derivative waste of time and money, which is why I'm smarter than all of you... I refused to pay.<br /> This movie is a paradox. We've seen the revenge flick so many times, and stories that succeed are the ones that offer us something new. I honestly don't get it. The only thing that separates Kill Bill from any derivative action film is the over-abundance of blood and violence, and THIS is what is getting five stars from you chuckleheads? Yeah, the cartoon violence is great. I loved it all... except there was no story behind it, and too little character development, and in one case (Lucy Liu's) too much. <br />Move your cursors to where you click on how this doesn't help you and get ready. I only use that feature to count the suckers I piss off with my reviews anyway, so here it is: The bottom line is this movie sucked. So do most kung fu and karate movies and I love them, because good fighting in movies is great! Screw the plot! The problem here is the fighting sucked too. The violence was great fun, but I'd rather sacrifice the gore for a story that won't insult my intelligence or at least some fighting skill. Uma swings her katana at her enemies like my mother would swing a broom at a rat; terrible form. If she trained for months, or whatever, to get ready for this movie then we need to find who was training her and kill HIM... or her.<br />Look, with all the fan-boys giving this five stars you may as well see it if you haven't. Hell, you might like it, but take my advice... Don't pay.
B000002MY3|1.0|I remember the first time I heard this canadian harpy. A couple of my friends and i were watching MTV (fisrt mistake)and her first video came on. They were like, &quot;oh, this is that cool angry chick we were telling you about!&quot; When the video was over, I almost slapped the sh__ out of them.<BR>Since that day, I've always cringed and wondered what this horse-faced b_____ has in store for me when a new video of hers comes on TV. Two of the most disappointing moments of my life were when she was revealed as god in Dogma (even as a borderline athiest I find this insulting) and when this POS album beat out Nevermind for the best album ever on a recent MTV countdown. Now, the MTV thing was disappointing, but it was MTV, so I should have expected it. But Kevin Smith should have known better.<BR>Anyway, this album was a constant plague to my high school years, and this gutter trash hussy has been a thorn in my side ever since (I was stricken impotent for a day after seeing her gross naked ass on that one video.) This album BLOWS (in a theater). Wise up, suckers.
B000089RVR|5.0|I rarely pick up an album from a new artist.  So many are one-hit-wonders, amateurish or sound like a few teenagers who recorded a record in their garage.  Dido is an exception though.  I fell in love with her last album and couldn't wait to pick up &quot;Life For Rent&quot;.  This is melodic, multi-layered music to do anything by.  I can write a paper, enjoy a romantic dinner, work at the office, clean the house, or enjoy a nice drive along the beach with her music in the air.<br />I will enjoy an artist for their musical sounds first, and listen to the lyrics second.  With Dido though, both the music and the lyrics are great.  I highly recommend this album to anyone looking for an artist with a very developed, mature sound.  Very few artists impress me anymore, but Dido is a rare exception.  &quot;Life For Rent&quot; is not to be missed!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I cannot understand the glowing reviews of this exceedingly boring film. I fell asleep on the three separate occasions I tried to see the movie all the way through.<br />I do not know anyone who liked it, not even a little.<br />Why is the Industry slobbering all over Sophia Coppola? Except for some brilliant photography, the film is amateurish, plotless, and really dumb.<br />Bill Murray's so-called &quot;performance&quot; is so bland and dull, it's difficult to remember how good he can be.<br />If Murray wins the Oscar for this movie, it will be solely due to the fact that he is much loved by everyone in the business.<br />If Ms Coppola wins, it will be because it's the only way to keep her behind the camera instead of in front of it.
B000008M1P|4.0|Among the more lightweight metal acts of the 80's was the female quartet Vixen, who managed to squeeze out two albums before splitting up.  They were among the new wave of female metal artists coming up (Femme Fatale, Doro Pesch) or redefining their sound (Lita Ford).  Though not as hard as Doro, Vixen's hard metal is still palatable, maybe slightly harder than Patty Smyth's harder material on Never Enough.  The debut album yielded two singles, &quot;Edge Of A Broken Heart&quot; and &quot;Cryin'&quot; which are among the standout cuts here.<br />The first single, the &quot;I can live without you&quot;-themed &quot;Edge Of A Broken Heart&quot; was produced by no less a team than Richard Marx and Fee Waybill of the Tubes.  With that extended opening airy synth fill, followed by decent guitarwork by Jan Kuehnemund and some vocal oomph by Janet Gardner.<br />&quot;I Want You To Rock Me&quot; sports the same booming drums motif that made Kiss's &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; a hit, and in fact I detect they were trying to reduplicate that.  It's one of the better tracks here.<br />Some keyboards lighten &quot;Cryin'&quot; a bit, and just like its sister single, it's one of those reactions against a rotter.  &quot;I won't be cryin'&quot; goes the chorus.<br />Jon Butcher wrote &quot;American Dream&quot; for these femmes, and the song tackles those looking for the title concept and those who have trouble, the poor and those striving to break the glass ceiling.  Some great guitarwork by Kuehnemund here, and even grittier playing on &quot;Desperate,&quot; which really comes alive in the choruses and bridge.<br />All too often, the songs make one ache for the heavy guitar, which dies down once Janet Gardner starts singing, and at least her voice is strong enough to keep the listener in tune.  Songs like the hard-edged &quot;One Night Alone&quot; and &quot;Love Made Me&quot; benefit from that combination, Gardner in the lighter moments, Kuehnemund in the heavier moments.  In the chorus of the former, the entire group sing in unison, and combined with the instrumentation, that's when things are at their most powerful.<br />&quot;Cruisin'&quot; is by far the most hard-driving song on the bunch, built around the fast-paced drumming by Roxy Petrucci, while the equally ripping &quot;Charmed Life&quot; about a silver-spooned brat who's got her daddy's brand new car and mother's mastercard, and everything she wants.<br />What they lack in being lighter than the likes of say, Europe, they make up for in a cohesive, consistent sound permeating throughout most of the songs.  And a lead guitarist who can still remind the listener that they can rock hard enough was vital to the hard metal of the 80's, which pretty much makes Jan Kuehnemund the backbone of the group.he chorus of the former, the entire group sing in unison, and combined with the instrumentation, that's when things are at their most powerful.<br />&quot;Cruisin'&quot; is by far the most hard-driving song on the bunch, built around the fast-paced drumming by Roxy Petrucci, while the equally ripping &quot;Charmed Life&quot; about a silver-spooned brat who's got her daddy's brand new car and mother's mastercard, and everything she wants.<br />What they lack in being lighter than the likes of say, Europe, they make up for in a cohesive, consistent sound permeating throughout most of the songs.  And a lead guitarist who can still remind the listener that they can rock hard enough was vital to the hard metal of the 80's, which pretty much makes Jan Kuehnemund the backbone of the group.
B00014X8KO|5.0|WOW. This is some good stuff, and it should be since it was produced by Mr. Otomo, the same person who created Akira (the reason I am an Anime fan now). <br />The animation is of &quot;Macross Plus&quot; quality, or better. Magnetic Rose, the first of the three short films, features some truly jaw-dropping visuals. Stink Bomb, the second film telling the story of a guy with terminal BO, had me laughing out loud while admiring the great artwork. The third film is just plain amazing, buy this DVD and see for yourself.
B0000TB03W|5.0|La actuacion de Shania Twain en Chicago es sobresaliente. La seleccion de canciones que se incluyen en el concierto son lo mejor de toda su discografia y las canta de manera extraordinaria, haciendo gala de una voz increible. No necesita ser una gran bailarina o unos costosos efectos especiales, solo con su voz y simpatia es suficiente para tener un gran espectaculo.
B0000CDLA7|1.0|From the moment I heard DT, I was mesmerized by the brilliance and inovative drive behind this band. Petrucci is of course a great guitar player and the band, as a whole, a group of very talented musicians. This album makes all of these accolades go away. This album cannot be described as anything but a huge rip off. I bought every other DT album without listening to it first and, granted that some are better than others, never felt cheated. I will never buy another DT album again without listening to it first, if ever. Do not, repeat, do not buy this album. Specially if you're a DT fan... if you're not yet, it's not with this album that you'll be one.
B0000027RL|5.0|This album is the one that anyone knows no matter how big of a Pearl Jam fan they are (even if they aren't one at all). That is a little unfortunate, as they have since surpassed this all time great album with more incredible albums of diverse music. But Ten is where it began. This album went to #1 after Nirvana's Nevermind but spent more time there (just stating a fact, I like both bands and they shouldn't be compared). It has their radio staples Alive, Even Flow, and the smash Jeremy. But don't overlook any song on this album. Their classic rock influences and modern touches give Ten a unified sound all its own. The songwriting puts it over the top; the emotional eruption of Black, the catharsis of the closer Release, and just high quality throughout the album. You can hear the Clapton and Zeppelin influences in the guitar work (which Stone and Mike shred up awesomely), and Eddie Vedder's awe-inspiring vocals set them apart from anything else at the time. One of the all-time greatest singers in rock history, Eddie's emotions are left bare here in the lyrics (such as the dysfunctional family issues of Alive) and he delivers them passionately, providing ear-peeling screams when the music demands it but also sounding great when the singing is barely more than a whisper (the opening of Black). All in all, this is a seminal album from one of the greatest and most challenging (both to music and the music business) bands in history, and the results are ours to enjoy forever.
B000001DQG|2.0|The 1974 album 'Caribou' is a fairly enjoyable glossy pop-rock album.     'Caribou' is not a bad album, but it is not a great one either.     Admittedly, most of the songs are enjoyable while this piece is playing. 'Dixy Lily' is a country / show boat tune that is fairly enjoyable, though, honestly, if I heard this on the radio, I probably wouldn't realise it was Elton, doesn't sound like him. 'Solar Prestige a Gammon' is better than you've been told, it's slightly jazzy, and Ray plays the Marimba's beautifully. However, it's hardly memorable. There's a pair of ballads, the sickly sweet country-flavoured 'Pinky' and the more psychedelic / sci-fi 'I've seen the saucers', that sound so great as they start (both have a nice bongo-drum flavoured beat), but they soon fail, despite the good arrangements and nice melodies. Even the jazzy rocker 'You're so static', feels sloppy, though it is enjoyable.     If there is a song I dig on this thing it's 'Stinker', a funked up blues-rocker that has real rock 'n' roll soul, mixed with English eccentricity and an hilarious lyric, as well as perfectly appropriate vocals from Elton. 'Don't let the sun go down on me' is a gorgeous and melodic ballad, not quite as heartfelt as it pretends, Elton sounds quite happy as he's singing this song, but it's still a very memorable song. It has a very rousing chorus and plenty of spine-tingling melodies. The choice of trumpets was a wonderful addition to the arrangement. 'Ticking' also has great melodeis, a haunting ballad about a mass-shooting, but the song focuses more on the psychology of the young man with the gun. The melody is great and there are some hooks in it as well. 'The b* is back' is a sly rocker that is performed at break-neck speed, but is still fun, though I personally prefer 'Grimsby' I think it has a good, memorable chorus and is quite a fun song.     So there is some good material, and most of the rest of it is enjoyable, but hardly memorable.
0140277447|1.0|Foreign military observers remaining in Nanking are amazed by the extent of the Chinese destruction of everything within the zones they still control. Most of this destruction is said to be purposeless, serving no military use for the advantage of the Chinese or to the disadvantage of the Japanese except to force invaders to use tents instead of billeting in buildings........ &quot;Not since the armies of Genghis Khan turned the sites of once-populous cities of China into grazing lands has there been any such systematic destruction as that going on in the lower Yangtze area at the hands of the Chinese themselves,&quot; a neutral military observer told the writer. &quot;Japanese aerial bombings and artillery fire have been destructive in comparatively narrow ranges, mostly military objectives, but all such damages combined will not equal one-tenth the destruction achieved by the Chinese armies. From the way the Chinese are behaving you would think they did not expect to recover any semblance of control in this part of China in the next century. You would think they were laying waste land belonging to some bitter foe. &quot;It is incredible that they are adopting this 'scorched earth' policy against forces which must certainly be only temporary invaders and are not going to attempt to colonize Chinese soil. What is being destroyed represents the savings of thrifty generations of hard-working Chinese. &quot;Those who advocate the policy of frenzied destruction of towns, cities and country side do not pause to think that they are utterly wiping out hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of accumulated wealth and that this property, if not destroyed, could have been taxed by the Chinese Government at no distant future, thereby helping the nation to refinance its rehabilitation. This rich area, which had been one of the most thickly populated in the world, will need vast sums to rebuild what is vanishing in flames.&quot; The only acceptable explanation seems to involve the ancient Oriental idea of &quot;saving face,&quot; the Chinese believing they enchance their prestige if their retreat leaves only a barren wilderness of smoking ruins for the invaders to occupy. This policy ignores the welfare of millions of Chinese who have fled from this fighting zone. How the millions of refugees are to be fed and housed through the Winter is a serious problem because their own government cannot do anything for their relief.
B00005N5S5|5.0|All I wanna say is that this edition is a wonderful gift for all true fans of the film.There are 2 documentaries(the detailed discussion of the movie), still galleries,trailers, and..... Deleted scenes!!!(I was really surprised when I first saw them).<BR>We also get crystal picture and 5.1 sound (I know many fans would agree that the original mono is still the best).<BR>Amazing...
B00018D44U|4.0|Not quite in the same league as her debut album,but nonetheless it is a stellar performance from Norah.<br />Do not know what all the hoopla is over the Bandlink as I never use a PC to play CDs. Have a mega buck CD Player and have found the sonics of this album very good indeed. If you play CDs on lackluster gear then you deserve what you hear. Tired of hearing all the carping on playing CDs on other than quality CD Players. If you really enjoy music then get the gear that will really show off that capability.<br />Would have preferred more of Norah playing the piano, but thats just me. This is a serious release and will help to forever establish Norah as a musical force. I believe it will gather at least one Grammy perhaps more. One thing about this CD the more you listen to it, the more you will like it. For me it is a keeper.
B00018D44U|4.0|In a nutshell, a great album.  Thank goodness she was allowed to experiment!  <br />Am most annoyed and highly disappointed in the \\"Bandlink/Spyware\\" addition to the CD.  Just when you think you've found an independent, one-step-ahead Hollywood singer, you get smacked in the face.  I play all my CDs on my PC and it is really annoying having the Bandlink download interface popup every time I want to play the CD.  Is there anyway to turn the darn thing off??<br />Otherwise, I highly recommend the CD.
B00005JM02|5.0|This is the best film ever! It is very well animated aswell and has some really funny bits throughout the film. If you have not seen this fil already then you should go and buy it NOW because it would be a real shame if you missed such a great film! And if you're worried that its a 'baby' film then don't because you will probably like it whatever age you are!! Remember go out and buy it NOW coz it is the best film ever!
B00005JL3A|1.0|what have they done to resident evil this movie is crap the story is so basic it reminds me of zombie 3 but edleast that was funny this is not even funny its just dull. resident evil the game kicked ass it was scery and the zombies looked cool they wer roting and looked dead but the zombies in the film wer just guy's with white face paint on and normaly when a zombie bits someone it draws BLOOD not in this film the zombies seem to like liking guys heads just whach the scene when the guy gets draged in to the lift and the CGI in this film is worse than the spawn movie.George A. Romero was going to direct this movie he evan had is own script and iv red it and it was much beter than this crap film and paul anderson thinks he is going to direct alien VS predator i hope he dosent coz he SUCKS he hasont done one good film ever paul anderson dont quit yor day job coz you SUCK
B0000942HV|5.0|Yes, we're all aware that there are several versions of TBI out there, however I strongly feel that if there could only be one other than the original, THIS IS IT!<br />I consider myself a diehard fan, owning 21 of MO's records. To me all of them have a very special musical &quot;moment&quot; that make him the genious his is. I first knew about MO though Voyager. I was so excited about the feeling it brought up in me that I got the best of and from there I got all his CDs as my tast for his music grew stronger, to the point where I can say that he is my all time favorite musician.<br />I have to confess that when I finally made it to the original TBI I liked it but not nearly as much as I like many of his other records. Even though I found many out-of-this-world &quot;moments&quot; there was something that kept it from being one of my favorites. On the other hand TBII has been the TOP CD for me almost from the beginning.<br />WHY IT IS WORTH IT in my opinion: for those of you that love TBII, TBIII as well as AMK, OMD and IncanT, the RE-RECORDING of TBI brings on the classic MO SOUND of, particularlly, his GUITARS. Hearing TBI with such a clear difference in quality of sound is AWESOME and immediately makes you appreciate many more &quot;moments&quot; in this classic CD. Secondly, the fact that the CD is DIVIDED in tracks is much more significant than it seems. The original one is just two very long pieces and if you are not willing to just HUNT for a particular moment that cought your attention and scroll for a good while with the FWD button, you usually have to hear the entire piece from the beginning. NOW you can very easily adv or rev through tracks and FOCUS more on specifica parts. You might no have much time to sit down and go through the whole piece, so now you just jump to track 7 or 8 for example and start enjoing.<br />SUMMARY: specially for those of you that have a strong love for TBII, AMK, INC, OMD, this is the perfect version of TBI that will put thisCD on top of your own charts!!!!
B00008EYA5|1.0|It was with great anticipation that I went to see this movie.  But what a disappointment!!!  The original SWAT TV series was 100 times better than this movie.  This movie is just a thrown together action film without any plot to appeal to low intelligence audience.  AVOID at all costs.
B000089RVX|5.0|Okay, lets just say this... whats not to love?!?!?! now thats out just want to say this is my all time FAVORITE cd and always will be. amy (lead singer) has an awesome voice. guitars provide perfect background and my favorite songs are Tourniquet (moving lyrics and great rock song, but also with a hint, but not too much Christian inspiration) and Taking Over Me ( again great lyrics and story we probably can all relate to, also great guitars)<br />  Fallen definitely provides the right amount of rock, powerful and inspirational lyrics, it should be #1 on every one's shopping list or always be in the stereo or cd player! Can't wait til next CD! ROCK ON AMY!
B00000IQW5|5.0|This movie is the best for many reasons. The most important reason is because it contains the winner for the &quot;best bartendar in a movie&quot;. It isn't a major role however it is a winning role and worth seeing just for that. Watch for the bartendar who asks the infamous question &quot;is that with or without an olive?&quot;. <BR>Loren K Smothers has been recognized for his talent in this movie. This was the last movie Loren K Smothers and Audrey Hepburn appeared in before their untimely passing. Take time to watch this movie and think about your life. Do you have someone watching over you, like the character Richard Dryfuss played? This movie makes you think about the after life and how our love ones continue to communicate with us after they are gone.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Her powerful voice,Her way to co-wrote the lyrics,her emotion...all of This kind of things are things that Aguilera has and Britney doesn't Have.  1.-Can't Hold Us Down-9/10-RB song,a female empowerment song,with funny lyrics and a great tune.Lil Kim raps in this song.4th Single  2.-Walk Away-10/10 Soul/RB Song with AMAZZZZZZZING LYRICS AND VOCALS!!listen to this you wouldn't be dissapointed.She puts all her emotion singing this.  3.-Fighter-10/10 Pop with an Electric Guitar played by Dave Navarro(Ex-RHCP).Amazing lyrics and vocals.The song goes \\"stronger\\" everytime a second pass.Great bridge.Third Single.  4.-Infatuation-9/10 Latin flavoured song with great lyrics and awesome vocals.The beat is great too!  5.-Loving Me 4 Me-8/10 I have to admit it,At First I hated this song!!but it grows on me each time i listen to it.It shows a whispering sweet voice that Aguilera don't use to show.Again great Lyrics  6.-Impossible-9/10-RB song.The piano is played by Miss Alicia Keys.The song seems to be an Alicia song,but by the way,Christina knew how to put an \\"Aguilera\\" feel to it  7.-Underappreciated-5/10-Worst Song,i just don't like the vocals,it isn't catchy even though the lyrics are great,I usally skip this song  8.-Beautiful-9/10Yeah,A \\"BEAUTIFUL\\" song but too overplayed,with great lyrics(by Lynda Perry)and awesome vocals.Everyone has heard it.Second Single  9.-Make Over-9/10 This song reminds me a lot to \\"Overload\\" from Sugababes,the beat is a bit different and the vocals too.I like the lyrics and is a different song that will blow your mind!  10.-Cruz-9/10 I Really Love this song.I can relate to it(Most of Stripped's songs),greaaaaaaaaat lyrics,and maybe one of the best vocals,at the end of the song.The songs beggins slowly,but note by note make the song finally a \\"strong\\" one.  11.-Soar-7/10- Second less favourite of the album,but i like it too.Is an RB song with AMAZING vocals,this songs goes stronger beat by beat too.  12.-Get Mine,Get Yours-9/10 I didn't really liked it at first.Is the most sensual(or sexual?) song in the album.It Talks about making love with a person that you are not in love with.Strange message but extremelly catchy,with great tunes!  13.-Dirrty-10/10 I loveeeeee this party song,even though I've listened to it more than 70 times.I Love the beat beacause I've never heard something like this before.Anyone has heard it as well because this was the first single of Stripped  14.-The Voice Within-9/10 AMAZING LYRICS AND VOCALS.i love the music too,as \\"Cruz\\" and \\"Soar\\" is a song that begins slowly and at the end of the song is stronger.A ballad song.Fifth Single of Stripped  15.-I'm OK-10/10 Totally emotional.The lyrics are so deep that you'll into the song.I cried the first time i heard it!It's the sadness song I've ever heard.Amazing chrous,vocals and lyrics by Christina.Awesome  16.-Singin'My Song-8/10 Another RB/Gospel song with a great Chrous and great vocals.She holds a note for 10 seconds.A little too long but a good song to end the album    She's The Best.I Hope this review was helpful for you.Buy this amazing album!!
B0000CDLA7|4.0|OK, I used to hate this album. Why? I don't know. It also happened with Rush's \\"Hold Your Fire\\"...anyway! i guess this album is not as bad as i thought it was. Sure, i admit, i was a little surprised at hearing the stuff first, but it's still pretty good. I would especially recommend it to you heavy-heavy metal fans out there. So in a nutshell, it's good. I wish I could hear more keyboards and bass, something i haven't heard in prominence in Dream Theater's music lately, but Petrucci's guitar-work is top notch here. Recommended
0060537639|5.0|Stunning, mind boggling, wow, wow, wow.  This guy Menzies is an &quot;ameteur&quot; historian?  Not any more.  The depth and intelligence of research on this massive, complex puzzle is simply astouding.  What a great, great piece of work.  Sorry dead white European guys!
078681859X|5.0|I've read them all.  Harry Potter, Artemis Fowl...heck, I've grown so bored I've read all of the Harry Potter Books at least twice, so when I saw this book (which stands out among the rest simply by it's beautiful cover) I was delighted to hand over my thirty dollars.<BR>That was the best thirty dollars I've ever spent.<BR>This awesome book starts out as a young boy, Nathaniel is delivered to a magician, \\"...a tradition that has been upheld for centuries.\\"  The boy endures his master's rough training, with only his beloved stepmother-like idol to care for him.  He is humiliated at a party for telling a great magician he was a sore loser, and vows to get revenge on the magician, and his own master for not interfering with his unnecessary punishment.  In secret he surpasses his own master's average abilities and summons the five-thousand year-old Djinni Bartamaeus of Uruk.<BR> The story get's very interesting here.  Bartamaeus is no kind servant, and has an attitude of his own.  He is witty, hilarious, and very insightful throughout the entire book.  His long life has given him a great deal of knowledge, and he explains some of the tragic events in history and what really happened.  He delivered an ankle bracelet to Cleopatra for heavens sake!  The boy finds a way to make sure Bartamaeus doesn't hurt him, and charges him to steal The Amulet of Samarkand from Lovelace, the magician who had humiliated him.<BR>Bartimaeus meets a few old...friends working for Lovelace, but manages to retrieve the artifact.  What neither of them know is, the amulet is part of a huge conspiracy, and is so vital to Lovelace that he will do anything to get it back.<BR> Stroud effortlessely weaves descriptions of the settings into the greatest narrative I've ever read.  It's not too described as in Tolkien's novels, but not as lame as \\"There was a green field.\\"  <BR>I have read this book twice in the month I've had it, and loned it to three friends at school, all who came in the next day withsore eyes from staying up late reading.  They all loved it.I can't wait for the second one to come out, and I will buy it the first day it comes out. Also, I'd lke to see a Bartamaeus Chronicles, recounting his adventures with Solomon and Ptolemy.<BR>  Overall, this is a book anyone would like, regardless of age.  It certainly not Barney kiddy book, as many teen fantasies are accused of being.  It is a delightful, and insightful adventure worthy of anyone who likes a good novel. Now go buy this book!
1881273628|5.0|I whole heartedly recommend this book to anyone who is trying to maintain, improve, or save a marriage or relationship.  The book is clearly and straightforwardly written in English.  It gets to the point without endless or tiring psycho-babble.  Mr. Chapman uses realistic and detailed examples to illustrate his points.  <br />The reason relationships thrive or fail according to the author is that the people speak and hear in five different love languages.  These languages are quality time, words of affirmation, gifts, acts of service, and physical touch.  Simply, people are able to love if they are speaking the love language heard by their partner.  Learning to understand and speak your partner's love language is simple and Mr. Chapman helps gets you their.<br />Get this book - you will not regret it.
1400034779|5.0|This is a story of a strong pioneering African woman who becomes a detective. Not unlike method actors Mr. McCall Smith has tried, successfully, to write a book through an African eye. What might be mistaken as simplicity in his writing is, to my opinion, an understanding of how people think and behave, of their priorities and beliefs. Colorful and decent characters, clever cases to be solved by the delightful Mrs. Ramotswe and a bit of romance make this book one of the best I've read this year.
B0000DCGT4|3.0|This series was a goldmine for Universal.  No one expected a raunchy story about high school kids trying to get laid to spawn and a franchise and make $350 million in US box office.  The first film is a classic high school movie.  The sequel was good, and funny, but hampered by too many characters and too many storylines.  This one goes back more towards the original, with a few main characters and the rest just fading into the background.  Some addition by subtraction in this movie are the removal of the following characters, Oz, Nadia, and Oz's and Kevin's girlfriends.  See, some of those characters were so useless that I cannot even remember their names.  As usual you get the shot of Jim's dad catching Jim in an embarrassing situation and you have something gross happen to Stiffler.  One of the major flaws is the early incarnation of Stiffler.  At the beginning he is a loudmouth who comes off more as nerd, than jerk.  It takes a few scenes for Stiffler to resort back to being a jerk, the Stiffler that we know and love.  In the end this film draws on the sweetness that made the first two more than gross our comedies.  This is a funny film that, the second time around loses its luster, so this is not really built for repeat viewings.  <br />About the DVD:  Included on the DVD are deleted scenes.  There is a rather useless documentary on Stiffler speak and a &quot;Cheesy Wedding Video&quot; which is just that, cheesy.  One thing to take from this film is that Stiffler, is best suited as a background character, not as a main character.<br />T
0446677450|1.0|The author provides great concepts on what it takes to build wealth, but scant little in the way of details about how to implement them.  Repeated references to the author's lectures, seminars, and educational board games throughout the book are obvious invitations to fork over additional cash in order to get the details.<br />The same few golden rules provided to build wealth are repeated over and over throughout the book.  After the first couple of chapters the book provides nothing new, just a rehashing of the same concepts.  Just like a television infomercial, but in print.
0553801546|4.0|I find I shouldn't leave the Fitz books without saying goodbye in a review.  The series as a whole is perhaps my favorite story to come out in the last decade.  Fitz is a splendid protagonist, the Fool perhaps the greatest fantasy character of all time. The Assassin trilogy in particular renewed my faith in the emotional power of story, after I thought I'd been pretty well jaded by adulthood.  I could hardly put those down; I could hardly put Fool's Fate down, but read most of it off in one compulsive and completely irresponsible afternoon.<br />Hobb makes you read.  I think it's because she drives the story with major secrets, but keeps feeding you partial resolutions throughout, so that you can hope the end of the next chapter is a good stopping place (you tell yourself you hope this, but of course, you don't), yet when you reach that resolution, another tension has begun.  She interlocks her plot-tensions brilliantly--a wonderful writer.<br />Fool's Fate reads less like a novel than like an autobiography.  Fitz, Dutiful, Chade travel oversea to slay the dragon Icefyre (or to prevent the slaying, as the case may be) and win for Dutiful the lovely, cool, and politically-advantageous hand of Narcheska Elliania.  The dragon element of the plot--indeed, the novel's ostensible driving force--is resolved with 200 pages to go, however (as opposed to Assassin's Quest, the final book of that trilogy, when Verity flies off with 20 pages to go); the remainder of the book finds Hobb clipping off, one by one, all the taut ropes of Fitz's life, so that we see Fitz, at the end, slack and content in a situation of his own deep liking.<br />When I was reading the book, I liked this, because I've been with Fitz from the beginning, and am frankly more interested in him than I am in the quest for the dragon.  I want him to find answers for his life, for my sake and for his.  But in the end, I have two complaints about the extended denouement: Hobb answers too many of his life's questions, and she does not answer them in sufficient depth.  I give you, for example, the Old Blood/Piebald scenario, which we had been led to care about in the first two books of this series, but which resolves itself in this book thoroughly and with scarcely a mention.  Fitz wasn't there to see it.  As an autobiographical ploy, this makes sense (a lot of things which affect our lives we aren't around to see to completion), yet as a device in a novel, it leaves the reader unsatisfied.  The ending is far too cursory; months, seasons, years go by in pages.<br />What this amounts to is a lack of integration between Fitz's personal life and the novel's plot, a notable difference from the Assassin trilogy, where Fitz's life and identity were the plot.  Perhaps because of this, Hobb's justly-lauded emotional machinery begins to clank (especially apart from the excellent character Thick).  Sometimes I just didn't buy the character motivations, felt instead like &quot;of course this had to happen for plot purposes,&quot; as if plot led character, not vice versa.  Despair and the joy of discovery--the source of much tumult and plot-generation in the first four books--are gone.  Perhaps Fitz is too old for either of those things.  One hopes not.<br />Do these complaints mean that you shouldn't read the book?  No, no.  Hobb is still Hobb; there are lovely--even perfect--plot twists (e.g., the relationship the Fool wants with Fitz), delicate emotional moments (e.g., a reconciliation between Thick and Fitz), a richly-detailed fantasy world (welcome to the Outislands), and a lot of people you can't help but come to like.
B00006DEFA|5.0|In 1984, director Milos Forman's film &quot;Amadeus&quot; swept the Oscars winning numerous awards including Best Picture, Director and Actor (F. Murray Abraham as Salieri). Watching this film in its entirety, including additional footage that was cut due to time, we finally understand why this film made such an immense impact. It's fiery psychological drama, a tale of revenge and an engaging historical bio-pic. Also, this is a  great film that could get you into classical music and especially Mozart. Every music class ought to show this film to students as part of music appreciation material.<br /> Tom Hulce's Mozart is endearing. The film was taken straight from the Broadway play by Peter Schaffer, and Schaffer was drawing it from the 19th century Russian novelist Pushkin. Pushkin created a fictional story, based on the rumors that Mozart had been killed by a plot of Salieri. This is not true but irregardless, made a big impact on literature and drama. Antonio Salieri was actually the more famous and more respected compose during Mozart's time. It was not until after Mozart's death that his musical contribution was appreciated. In the meantime, Salieri taught Beethoven some of the tricks of the trade, composed religious choral works, operas and instrumental music considered stylish at the time. The only reason why Mozart stood out more was because Mozart refused to be patronized by royal sponsors or to change music to please the aristocracy. Mozart was the first real star in his own right. He was like a rock star. Tom Hulce, with his radical wigs, comical laughter and playful, festive, care-free attitude was true to Mozart's actual nature. The fact that he was an alcoholic party animal is also true. It is this that killed him when he suffered liver complications and rheumatic fever upon his death at the age of 34.<br />Some of the film is true, some parts are fiction. Of course, the main focus is Salieri's revenge. Purely for the sake of drama, this portrays Salieri as a religious man who wanted more than anything to be a world famous composer. But he felt denied of his talent and instead a less deserving Mozart was the real musical genius. Salieri then renounces his faith in God (the scene in which he burns a cross in the fireplace) and deliberately plots the demise of Mozart, culminating in the commission to write a haunting Requiem Mass for Mozart's father Leopold. The parts of the film in which Leopold's relationship with his son is portrayed is very likely true, since Leopold never approved of his son's lifestyle. Mozart was married to Constanza Webber, who was related to the other famous composer Carl Maria Von Webber, but there is no truth in the affair with the soprano Catherina Cavalieri, who was in fact Salieri's mistress. The film accurately portrays the chronological order of the making of his operas- Le Nozze Di Figaro, Don Giovanni and his final masterpiece, The Magic Flute, composed in December of 1791 about the time Mozart died. Kudos to the great scenery of what is supposed to be Vienna (though it was shot in Prague) and the authentic costumes as well as good performances by all the cast. The featured opera singers were exceptionally talented at the time and some are still singing today- Samuel Ramey in Figaro and June Anderson as The Queen of the Night.<br />Get this film and surround yourself in the music of Mozart. Look also for the complete soundtrack available here in Amazon.com. The music featured in the film include Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 20, Partita Serenade, Piano Concerto No. 22, the finale to the German Opera &quot;Abduction From The Seraglio&quot;, finale to &quot;Le Nozze Di Figaro&quot; and The Queen Of the Night's Vengeance Aria from The Magic Flute. It's interesting to note that &quot;Abduction From The Seraglio&quot; and &quot;Magic Flute&quot; scenes are sung in English. It's a good way to get you into the German-sung versions. A great film with great music and great dramatic acting.
B00009P1O2|4.0|Yes, they have a huge set list and tons of songs.  They perform them all near flawlessly, but I was angry because of one thing.  They don't perform the break in &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody.&quot;  This is one of the reasons I bought this DVD.  I wanted to see how they managed to pull it off live, but that still remains a mystery after watching it.  Other than that, it is great.  You get to hear and see one of the most amazing rock vocalists of all time, and one of the best guitar players too.  If you like Queen you'll like this DVD.  If you like good music, you'll like this DVD too.  Just to be given the opportunity to watch Queen's last performance is a great gift and anyone that sees it should be appreciative of it.
B0000CABBW|1.0|How on earth has THIS garnered so much critical acclaim? I must have been watching the wrong film. I wanted to like this. I really did. After reading so many great reviews in so many publications I was looking forward to a non-Hollywood uplifting tale. What I got was a slow and dull borefest.<br />First of all, I cannot fathom how Keisha Castle-Hughes is nominated for an academy award. Her performance is minimal. Perhaps this is supposed to be her character but I have not seen a more monosyllabic display since Sylvester Stallone took on the role of John Rambo in First Blood. All she does is stand around, looking detached and sullen. Anybody can do that. I do admit that she did a good job crying during the scene with her speech. But big Arnie cried in End of Days and I don't see anyone handing him and Oscar.<br />In regards to the rest of the cast, there is NO character development. There are some hints but nothing is ever explained. Like why does Pai love her grandfather so much when he is horrid towards her? What's the deal with her uncle smoking crack? Hardly the kind of thing appropriate for a family movie? What does being the leader of the tribe actually mean?<br />According to her grandfather's 'leader lessons', being a tribe leader means nothing more than practicing for war. That's all he teaches. War, war, war. What's that got to do with sitting on the back of a whale and riding about the ocean? I don't know much about Maori tribes but I think that this is a completely outrageous representation of them. This could be intentional as the grandfather is supposed to be out of touch with his true tribal senses but nothing excuses the scene in which he tells a group of 10-year-old boys to place their severed enemy's heads on a stick as an example to others. I'm sorry but there is a word for that kind of behaviour. It's called 'WAR CRIMES'. Another thing I think is totally inappropriate for a family movie. And it's also pretty Xenophobic.<br />What boggles the mind is how I've heard of so many people telling me they cried at this film. Cried at WHAT exactly? There is no major emotional revelation at any part of the film. The ending is totally inconclusive. Just a bunch of guys in a big boat, chanting. Why would I cry at this? And where are they going?<br />I will give the film credit for having a few brief (very brief) atmospherical moments during the narration scenes. But nothing ever becomes of them. There is no complication or sophistication to this film at all. It builds and 'resolves' in the most simplistic and dull way. I would not recommend this as a family movie. I was hoping for something better than mass-produced rubbish such as 'Cheaper by the Dozen' and I did not get it.<br />Don't be fooled or brainwashed by the inexplicably positive reviews this film has somehow garnered. That is my most crucial advice.<br />The DVD is presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen with a Dolby 5.1 soundtrack (that might as well be Mono for all it's worth).is how I've heard of so many people telling me they cried at this film. Cried at WHAT exactly? There is no major emotional revelation at any part of the film. The ending is totally inconclusive. Just a bunch of guys in a big boat, chanting. Why would I cry at this? And where are they going? <br />I will give the film credit for having a few brief (very brief) atmospherical moments during the narration scenes. But nothing ever becomes of them. There is no complication or sophistication to this film at all. It builds and 'resolves' in the most simplistic and dull way. I would not recommend this as a family movie. I was hoping for something better than mass-produced rubbish such as 'Cheaper by the Dozen' and I did not get it.<br />Don't be fooled or brainwashed by the inexplicably positive reviews this film has somehow garnered. That is my most crucial advice.<br />The DVD is presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen with a Dolby 5.1 soundtrack (that might as well be Mono for all it's worth).
B00000269M|4.0|Michael Jackson's 'Bad' album sounds just as fresh now as it did in 1987.  It is obvious that Jackson and his producer, Quincy Jones, decided to go in a different musical direction from it's multi-million selling predecessor, 'Thriller'.  Therefore, 'Bad' is far more synthesiser-based, and evidently makes use of state-of-the-art equipment from beginning to end.  <br />The album sets in stone Jackson's musical trademarks such as multi-layered and amplified chorus vocals, his 'aaow's and 'heehee's and punchy rhythmic arrangements.  Apart from it's 3 ballads - 'Liberian Girl', 'Man In The Mirror' and 'I Just Can't Stop Loving You', this album is a pop record designed primarily for dancing.  It has extremely exciting moments - from the bizzare atonal arrangement of chords which open the album to the instrumental breaks that Michael gasps and yelps over and the atmosphere conjured up in the albums best slow-groove, 'Man In The Mirror'.  These kinds of things make 'Bad' an outstanding album.  <br />During the 'Bad' years we saw Michael's most energetic and exciting dancing - in his music video's, in the film 'Moonwalker'(1988), and in his sell-out 'Bad' world tour.  This is reflected in the nature of the music on this jet-propelled album.<br />A genius amalgamation of excellent songwriting and great production, there are a few things which detract from the quality of this album.  The album's title and cover art are both rather dubious and childish.  It is obvious that the entire 'Bad' concept was devised by Jackson himself, the 'Bad' video with it's nonsensical narrative being his first truly bizarre and unsettling moment.  In desperation to sell more than 'Thriller', Michael tried too hard and became rather self-indulgent, effeminate and confusing.  However, if, like me, you can separate Michael's image and behaviour from his music, 'Bad' remains a brilliant and exciting album which bears all the hallmarks of a classic.  I find that it's spirit is captured best on LP, where it sounds far richer and punchier than on CD version.  <br />An excellent album which was way ahead of it's time by Michael Jackson - a musical genius.
B00003XB8K|2.0|Enigma have done some great stuff but there's not much greatness to be had on this CD. It is all pretty much self-indulgent and repetitive. Some tracks hint at some cool melodic ideas but they are never developed or taken advantage of. The only true stand-out track on this CD is Modern Crusaders, which just happens to be BRILLIANT and is worth buying the CD alone. It's a shame, and unusual, that nothing else on this CD is recommendable. Enigma can usually be relied upon to come up with unique atmospheres and moods, but not this time.
B00012FXAE|5.0|This movie left off excalty where the first on ended which was Ripley and her cat in hypersleep on board the shuttle after blowing up the ship. When she lands they press charges on her for blowing up the ship and the revoke her license to be a ship pilot. They offer it back when the need her to save the survivors on the same planet that the Aliens were first found. After giving it much thought she agrees to come along when she is told she won't be harmed to the process. When they land they find the only survivor is a girl named Newt. The complex is also full of Aliens and theirs no way to escape. She gets betrayed when Burke one of her teammates tries to use her and Newt as hosts to get an Alien past quarintine. The rest of the marines and a android Bishop need to think of a way to escape. Bishop bravely goes to patch up a ship to save everyone. But Aliens get past their perimeter and Ripley and commander Hicks only make it to the ship. I won't reveal any more but it is a greta movie for Sci-Fi fans.
B000007WQB|2.0|I LOVE Dionne Warwick.  Imagine my disappointment when I played this CD and from the opening track heard hiss and noise.  Then on track two, &quot;What the World Needs Now,&quot; there's so much distortion it makes the gorgeous song essentially unlistenable.  And so on through the album.  I'm going to recycle the disc through a used CD store, and get a different collection with better sound.  Sorry, I don't yet know which one might be the best -- but it isn't this one.
B000002H2H|1.0|metallica sucks and they always will! I really hate metallica and this album is awfull! The best band in the 80's was sepultura even doe they werent early 80's they still  much better then metalica! F*ck metalica!!!
B00005JLXE|4.0|Daredevil really entertained me. I'm not an Affleck fan, but I do think he's done some decent work and liked him a great deal in Changing Lanes. I knew he was a Daredevil fan from when he was a kid so I had high hopes. I wasn't dissapointed. Sure Daredevil isn't Citizen Kane, but it is Daredevil and Elektra, Kingpin, and Bullseye are all here. They also included one of the most interesting things about Daredevil: his faith. What other superhero goes to church? <BR>I also liked how they dealt with Matt's romantic life. In the comics he's had more lovers and tragedy than many comic characters over the years: Heather Glenn, Karen Page, Elektra, Echo, Typhoid Mary, and Glorianna O'Breen to name a few. It's not easy being Daredevil and that point comes across in the movie. <BR>There's plenty of humor in the film too. It's dark, but also fun like a classic comic. The DVD contains plenty of great extras and the movie was obviously made by people who understood the character and I think that's great.
B0000CFW87|5.0|of music can any better than this? nope    he could lose the intro mandolins or whatever instrument which often proceeds his genius in his own unique genre on this cd. Perfection. On song 3 he intro's with a violin. TURN IT UP and add the groove setting. It sounds better than real life. And of course he is better than real life. Thanks Josh
0972169504|5.0|Grad school is an INSANE adventure, but this book puts a funny twist on every aspect. I have shared this book (and Cham's website) with my advisor and fellow grad students. Everyone gets a kick out of it. Who knew that an engineering PhD student's life was so similiar to that of a clinical psychology PhD student? I thought we would have NOTHING in common!<br />Thanke, Jorge! I am a HUGE fan.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|After hearing all the hype, I didn't care for this film after my first viewing, except for the incredible shots of Tokyo and for having laughed out loud in parts. On a second viewing, after leaving my expectations in the multiplex, I came to appreciate and even fall in love with this small, beautiful and touching ART FILM. It reminds one of the 70's New Hollywood filmmaking, when auteurs where testing the bounds of film and audiences' patience. Films like MIDNIGHT COWBOY, THE LAST DETAIL, THE LAST PICTURE SHOW, MEAN STREETS, and EASY RIDER. And more recently with films like ABOUT SCHMIDT. Small films, with small plot structures, that left big impressions. And I can assure you, this is the very reason this film is garnering the rcognition it deserves. Those of you who love those kinds of films know what I'm talking about. You'll love this too. Although, you've probably already seen it. Those of you expecting a film of the HOLLYWOOD GROSS mentality must look elsewhere. THIS IS AN ART FILM. Hilarious, too. I hope this inspires many more small auteur films such as this. God knows we need 'em. Nice work, Sophia. Oh, now that Spike's out of the picture, can we go out? You're hot.<br />Those of you who think this is Bill Murray's crowning dramatic achievement must see him in THE RAZOR'S EDGE. It's an overlooked film in which Murray gives an Oscar caliber performance. SEE IT along with LOST IN TRANSLATION and you'll understand what I'm talking about. UNDERSTATED, AND MAGNIFICENT.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This CD is awesome!  I don't even like rap music much and I love it!  If you enjoy Jay-Z then don't hesitate, go buy this!!!!!
B000002H2H|5.0|This is Metallica's second album and easily one of their best. The first track reminds me of the \\"Battery\\" intro because of the 30 sec+ acoustic guitar intro and it gets to be one of the fastest (if not the fastest) track on the cd. This is also the first Metallica studio album I bought and I still listen to it. I don't know if anyone mentioned this, but all the songs have to do with death in some way or another. I'll review the songs and you'll see what I mean.<br />1. Fight Fire with Fire 5/5 like I said it starts off with an acoustic guitar then turns out to probably be the fastest song on the cd. great solo.<br />It talks about the end of the world.<br />2. Ride the Lightning 5/5 the first time I heard it became my favorite because of the intro and the long solo, but then I heard Fade to Black.<br />It talks about the electric chair. (obviosly)<br />3. For Whom the Bell Tolls 5/5 opens with bells (no s**t) and probably has the longest intro on the cd and one of the best to listen and play on guitar. no solo is the only downside.<br />The bells are bells usually played at funerals.<br />4. Fade to Black 5/5 tied for best song on the album with Creeping Death and one of (if not) the best metal ballads of all time. starts with acoustic guitar, sweet solo, acoustic again, then the heavy \\"chorus\\".<br />Talks about suicide.<br />5. Trapped Under Ice 4.5/5 I love the way it starts off with the fast solo by Kirk and a pretty fast song. cool solo after the first chorus. also the shortest song at 4:03<br />Talks about drowning.<br />6. Escape 4/5 probably the worst song on the album and a filler, but not a bad one to listen to. gets heavy at one point then breaks into an ok solo.<br />This and Ktulu are the only ones I'm not sure what they're about about.<br />7. Creeping Death 5/5 tied with Fade to Black for best song. this song is so bad a$$ in concert and they always play it. very fast solo and verse riff and also fun to play on guitar.<br />If you ever read the Bible you will see that this is about the 7 plagues of Egypt with Moses and \\"Creeping Death\\" is what killed the first born baby of almost every family.<br />8. The Call Of Ktulu 4.5/5 longest song at 8:53 and an instrumental. probably my 2nd favorite instrumental (with Orion being #1). got some weird bass in here and i still don't know what the hell the or a Ktulu is, so this and Escape are the 2 songs that i don't know what are about.<br />So there's the song reviews. If you don't believe me on the subject matter listen to it for yourself. If you like Metallica or want to start liking them go buy this, I did and now i have every Metallica cd including S&M and Live Sh*t. Dave Mustaine co-wrote Ride the Lightning and The Call of Ktulu. And do you think it's a coincidence that the best songs on here Fade to Black and Crepping Death were written by all the members? cool huh.that this is about the 7 plagues of Egypt with Moses and \\"Creeping Death\\" is what killed the first born baby of almost every family.<br />8. The Call Of Ktulu 4.5/5 longest song at 8:53 and an instrumental. probably my 2nd favorite instrumental (with Orion being #1). got some weird bass in here and i still don't know what the hell the or a Ktulu is, so this and Escape are the 2 songs that i don't know what are about.<br />So there's the song reviews. If you don't believe me on the subject matter listen to it for yourself. If you like Metallica or want to start liking them go buy this, I did and now i have every Metallica cd including S&M and Live Sh*t. Dave Mustaine co-wrote Ride the Lightning and The Call of Ktulu. And do you think it's a coincidence that the best songs on here Fade to Black and Crepping Death were written by all the members? cool huh.
0385335482|5.0|Loved loved loved this book - read the next two within a week.  Becky Bloomwood and I must be the same - I feel so close to this character - we couldn't have more in common.  I love to shop and her personality is so fun and appealing.  Her experiences and trails are a hoot - I laughed out loud many times.  I am usually not an avid reader, just casual and normally don't ever finish a series, but this author had me hooked!  I was not interested in anything else, and when I went to bed I wanted to hear the rest of Bex's drama and how she possibly was going to get out of her messes.  Sophie definitely kept me involved and if there is a movie made - please please Sophie recommend to cast me!  This book is amazing and everyone should buy it!  And the next two as well - the last one is a riot!  Is there going to be another?
B000092Q4U|5.0|This is the best metal cd I've heard in a long time. I think Naplam Death (hands down my favorite band) has met their match. LOG has so much going on in this CD I don't know where to start. I don't think I've listened to the whole thing straight through because I keep repeating \\"11th Hour\\", \\"Ruin\\" and \\"Purified\\".<br />Vocals: they're great. Not over the top gutteral, but just enough to give them their own sound, like Malevolent Creation's \\"In Cold Blood\\".<br />Music: great, hard driving beats that don't get boring and continually surprise you. Metal Church had some really good rifs but they would get boring by just changing the key for a four beat, not LOG. Whoever produced this CD did a great job. Check out the bridge in on \\"11th hour\\". It's oh so wonderful. And what's even better is that toward the end they give you and extra shot of musical speed that keeps you wanting more. They could keep it going but they end the song just in the right spot. <br />If you can't tell I've been listening to metal for some time. Their solos and rifs really remind me of King Diamond. They have done a really good job of infusing dark, melodies with good old hard core thrash... something that \\"All that Remains\\" failed to do.<br />If you're just sitting on the fence not sure if this CD is for you, get off you're butt and buy it. I hope to see them put out CD after CD, because I will be buying them!
B000003TAW|4.0|I simply purchased this album for the hit song &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; .It has a catchy, haunting &amp; driving rock beat &amp; it brings back bittersweet memories of a girl named Donna Spies I was in love with in the summer of `94 (unfortunately she didn`t love me back)Anyway there were a few other catchy tunes &amp; the video was classic.
0385504209|5.0|This book was so unreal, it was hard to decipher fact from fiction. I am a full time student and have virtually no time for extra curricular reading because they tend to be too time demanding. Although this book was lengthy, I read it in three days during my winter break. The Da Vinci Code is captivating, insightful, intriguing, and blantantly smart. In order for me to be drawn into a book, the writing must compel from the start. Dan Brown's writing does just that.
B000088E6M|1.0|I almost feel sorry for the people who think 50 Cent is the best thing to happen in hip-hop since the turntable. For one, he lacks flow and rhyming ingenuity. He isn't saying anything I ain't heard before. The only thing he has going for him is his image and a wealth of fans who love him for his image. If you like it, go ahead and listen to it, but if you really think that he can spit, go out and buy yourself some Hieroglyphics and give yourself a crash-course in lyricism. Trust me.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|After listening to this album now for several months, I only like it more each time. This is Sarah's mellowest album yet due to almost entirely piano based accompaniment (thus Afterglow is a fitting title). <BR>Favorites include Time, Trainwreck, Answer, and World on Fire, along with the singles Fallen and Stupid. <BR>I've read some reviews that imply that Afterglow isn't up to Sarah standards. I disagree and see Afterglow as a more well rounded album than Surfacing, which had a several &quot;best ever&quot; tracks but, for me, doesn't flow from track to track like this album (also several tracks were much improved on Mirrorball i.e. I Love You). <BR>Get this album if you want to be wrapped in Sarah's outstanding vocals on display throughout this standout album.
0385504209|5.0|You should &quot;enjoy&quot; reading this novel but again you should read it only as a fiction. As a successful new age writer, Brown tries to mix his new age ideas with facts and in the end, he hopes people will buy his arguments as facts. Unfortunately, there are too many people who can't think critically and thus they just &quot;swallow&quot; whatever they read even if it's only a fiction. You can believe whatever you want to believe but facts will remain facts.
B000002UDB|1.0|Magical Mystery Tour - 6/10  <BR>The Fool On the Hill - 0/10<BR>Flying - 0/10<BR>Blue Jay Way - 0/10<BR>Your Mother Should Know - 0/10<BR>I Am the Walrus - 4/10<BR>Hello Goodbye - 7/10<BR>Strawberry Fields Forever - 3/10<BR>Penny Lane - 6/10<BR>Baby Your A Rich Man - 0/10<BR>All You Need is Love - 6/10<BR>This really should have been 2 singles:<BR>Side A: All You Need is Love / Side B: Penny Lane<BR>Side A: Hello Goodbye / Side B: Magical Mystery Tour
B000002GVO|5.0|Since '76, the Eagles would never match the success of Hotel California.  It's theme is presented through story-based songs. It actually wasn't as much a change of pace for the Eagles as '74's &quot;On the Border&quot;. It's more soft-rock than the older, country-fixated Eagles. Other than, Pink Floyd's The Wall, Michael Jackson's Thriller, and U2's Joshua Tree, this is a rock n' roll classic.<br />Some may criticize Hotel's title track for being overplayed but it is has a timeless sense to it. Here, the Eagles focus on song quality and this album shows this indeed. Standout cuts include :<br />Life in the Fast Lane<BR>New Kid In Town<BR>Wasted Time
B00005AAFS|5.0|Rammstein is one of those groups that I hope never sell out and stop doing what they do the best. Dark beats with one hell of a voice make them one of the greatest . There beasts are so different than your main stream metal. Rammstein  is best compared to being KMFDM  meets the likes of Korn. Mutter in my mind is the best cd to start off with, if you have never listend to  them before but that is just me. Three cd's later Rammstein  is still one of the greatese bands ever. And I dont use that word unless it's true
0385510438|5.0|The book starts out in 1970 as a popular newspaper goes under.  Enter Willie Traynor, a college dropout that stuns the local community with his quest to raise the newspaper from its ashes.  This is soon accomplished with his daring editorial efforts and his coverage of a sadistic rape and murder that has been pinned on the town's secluded bootlegger family.  Despite the influence of the Padgitt family in the community, Danny is sent to life in prison.  Many viewed this as a tradeoff from the death penalty that he deserved, but regardless the community soon places the crime and the guilty party behind them as they move on with life.<br />Nine years later, Danny's life sentence receives a parole.  During this time, Traynor learns to adapt in a town known for unique characters and lack of trust from outsiders.  When Danny is once again a free person, Traynor has more than his hands full to report on as jury members are turning up dead.<br />True to Grisham's roots, this book returns to court action that made Grisham a household name.  However, there are shades of the sentiment side he has recently displayed in such recent greats like Bleachers.  If you like Grisham's work you are going to love this book!!!
B000063DFN|4.0|As a loyal listener of lighter artists such as the Beatles and U2, I had never dreamed of listening to heavy metal. Then one day when I was browsing the music titles at my local Wal-Mart, something strange came over me. I picked up the Iron Maiden CD &quot;Powerslave&quot; and decided to give it a try. After listening to it in its entirety on my car stereo, I was shocked. The music was unsurprisingly wild, but the lyrics were intelligent, the lead guitar solos intricate, and the bass playing galloped strongly and steadily. The downside to &quot;Powerslave&quot; is most of the songs are similar in style. But songs like &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner,&quot; &quot;Minutes to Midnight,&quot; and &quot;Losfer Words&quot; make &quot;Powerslave&quot; a worthy buy and Iron Maiden and I an odd couple.
B000068TPN|4.0|Please note that I am reviewing the film as a film rather than as a representation of the historical events of the battle of Ia Drang and of the Seventh Cavalry.<br />This film strikes me as the most wildly uneven war film ever made. Scenes of extraordinary power and brilliance alternate with the most hackneyed cliches. At its best, &quot;We Were Soldiers&quot; possesses a lyricism not to be found in other war films, especially those about Vietnam. This lyricism comes about through a sort of re-envisioning of moments more or less borrowed from other directors and films (&quot;Platoon&quot; especially, but also the war films of John Ford and others) within the framework of a band of brothers, the sense of which comes through very strongly despite Gibson's mannered performance as the commander. It comes through most of all in Wallace's use of montage, slow motion, and sound design to create a feeling of mythic eternity, which is counterposed to the gritty realism of the battle. The sequence of the battalion leaving for Vietnam is devastating, as is the montage that depicts the final charge at Ia Drang. (There are one or two montages, however, that don't work so well.)<br />At its worst, the film telegraphs the tired sentimentalism of the genre: the young lieutenant who the viewer knows in the first five seconds will die in battle, the gruff, homespun commander, the perfunctory cuts to the enemy's command post to make sure the audience doesn't think the film is one-sided, the manipulative use of the home front (with Madeline Stowe in an *appalling* sixties wig).<br />All the same, I highly recommend this film to lovers of the genre, because its best moments are in fact some of the best of all.
B00000K19E|3.0|In this movie, the Wachowskis obviously have a ball working out the technical details of the photography and the digital effects. There's a nice gloss and attention to detail that's lacking in many other films. The brothers have an eye for small details, such as reflections and color tints. What The Matrix lacks is any real intelligence. As an synthesis of comic books, sci-fi, and Hong Kong action movies, The Matrix is just fine. But it's nevertheless disappointing that it lacks an intellectual core--any originality of thought or explication. As other reviews point out, authors such as Philip K. Dick and William Gibson have already trekked down this path with much more thoughtfulness. The bottom line is that The Matrix is fun to watch, much like a Saturday morning cartoon, but does not merit the adoration it seems to engender. If you love The Matrix, I suggest that you head down to your local used bookstore and thumb through the sci-fi rack. There's alot more where The Matrix came from.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|For all of those people self-righteously criticizing the soundtrack of this movie as being a lift off of Peter Gabriel's work, perhaps you should do some more research before making such an uneducated critique.  Peter Gabriel, too, took the music for the Last Temptation from a significantly more historic source.  The instruments used on both soundtracks is the duduk, a classic instrument used in Armenian music, which dates back to biblical times.  Hence the choice to use it in both this film and Peter Gabriel's Last Temptation Soundtrack.  Gabriel was in no way the creator or innovator of that sound, those melodies, nor the mood set by them. Armenian musicians have been mastering the duduk for over a thousand years. This soundtrack was inspired by them, and paid homage to them, much in the same way Gabriel has done for many years.  But Gabriel doesn't have the sole ownership on being inspired by international and ancient music.  This soundtrack was powerful and moving, due in part to the appropriate choice of instruments and musicians.  People should try to appreciate the music for what it is, and not where you THINK it came from.
B00018D3RI|5.0|Yo! this is a must have.I glad that they had it also in spanish and with the \\"voice over\\" that I remember.I havent even watched it in english yet.Tellin' you if you dont have it, get it now.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|This movie is tied with Clerks as my all-time favorite film.  I could go into deatil about why this movie is great, but everyone else already has.  The characters are wonderfully constructed and easy to identify with, the movie is darkly hilarious, everything about it is great.  But why buy the Bootleg Cut, which costs twice as much as the standard DVD?  If you're just a casual moviegoer, you wouldn't care about the extra footage, but if you like this movie enough to buy it, you will love the added and expanded scenes.  There's about a half hour added onto to movie and it's all worthwhile and meaningful.  And in case you're watching it with people with shorter attention spans, it comes with the original version as well.  I would recommend this to any Almost Famous fan.
B00005NVT1|5.0|Although I love electronic music, I have never put much stock in live electronica.  By live electronica, I don't mean a DJ spinning at a club or party, but an artist playing his or her music in the context of a rock concert.  All too often, the results are dissapointing, amounting to little more than an hour or so of extended versions of studio cuts, due to the sample-and-loop nature of the genre.  On ALIVE 1997, however, Daft Punk prove themselves to be an exception, much to my delight.<br />Granted, the 45 minutes of ALIVE 1997 consist of extended versions of 3 songs (&quot;Da Funk,&quot; &quot;Rollin' and Scratchin',&quot; and &quot;Alive,&quot; all from HOMEWORK), but Daft Punk does much more than simply loop the hooks for longer periods of time.  Instead, they twist and distort their songs until they're beyond recognition, as well as including extended periods of free improvisations.  However, what makes this album truly amazing is that the artistic showmanship never overshadows the music's danceable quality.  The sheer inventiveness this duo exhibits makes this album interesting even to a headphone-loving rock fan like me; in fact, Daft Punk is one of the few artists of ANY genre that can hold the casual listener's attention for longer than 15 minutes.<br />ALIVE 1997 isn't just the best live electronica album in history, it's one of the best live albums ever released, one of the few that even comes close to rivaling Kiss'  ALIVE.  It takes a lot of chutzpah to name a live album after that seminal 1975 album, but Daft Punk has more than enough talent to back it up.
B0001ENY6M|3.0|It is surprising to find John Debney scoring such an epic movie.  He's better known for turning out b-movie scores like The Scorpion King, Elf, and Spy Kids2.  But he did do one great score: Some Where In Time.  I think the strength of that score alone won him a shot at such an ambitious project as this.<br />But did he succeed?  At moments yes, but I felt over all the score could have been stronger and does not equal the visual power of the movie.  In all fairness this is not a score meant to be listen to, rather it is mostly meant to be an unobtrusive backdrop to the movie.  So if you put in on the CD player you might be a little disappointed.  Without the visual elements the score lacks.<br />However it did do its job and it does have some good moments (I thought \\"It Is Done\\" was the highlight of the film musically).  It's probably something only a fan of the genre could enjoy, but it's certain not the worst score Debney has made (that award goes to his Cutthroat Island soundtrack).
B00018D44U|5.0|Just buy it and friggin listen to it all day, OK ? IMHO, the first album blew me away... far away. The second album although takes some serious listening to before you start feeling the same effects created in her first album, it will eventually hit you all over again, no doubt about it. For those still stuck and feeling nostalgic about her first album, you just gotta move on lah ! and stop comparing it to the first, she's grown, she's famous, she's rich, she's changed. So move on please. Lastly, she deserves every penny for her music, talent and efforts. Dang! I'm even listening to it even now, you should too.
B00005AQGH|5.0|This is the best rap album ever. I'm listening to rap a long time, and there are only a few that get a &quot;great&quot; rating, and only one or two that get a &quot;brilliant&quot; rating. This is one of the &quot;brilliant&quot; collection. Together with Twista - Kamikaze, which I think is an almost flawless album, this disc has to be in your collection as a rap fan. My opinion is that Hail Mary is the best on the cd, although Just Like Daddy (underrated), Krazy and To live and die in LA are also great. The rest of the tracks are also top notch, but the 4 mentioned before are the best. <br />To be short: Just buy it!
B00000JPH6|3.0|I really think this film is one of those that you need to have grown up with to fully appreciate.  A few things have dated noticeably (oh boy, has technology come a LONG way) but in essence it's still a great movie to stick the kiddies in front of.  Although, those Skeksis are pretty nasty-looking.  <BR>One thing that is near impossible to avoid and has probably been mentioned before by many reviewers is the ABYSMAL voice acting.  I mean, it's really quite hideous.  Most video games have better voicing.  The dialogue is not that great to begin with, but you really notice it when those little puppets start whining away.<BR>That said, the puppetry is awesome, an incredible feat.  Brian Froud's design work is wonderful, as is to be expected. I kind of wish there were a few more of these kinds of films about these days, but I suppose people can't be bothered, or today's youth are too hardened and desire bloodier entertainment.<BR>Anyway.  My advice is, if you didn't watch it as a kid, stay well away.  But if you have littl'uns of your own (I reckon under 8 yrs old), let them watch it.  There aren't many new fairytales, but this is one of them.
B00011V8CW|4.0|After a decidedly mixed reaction to his band Tin Machine and its bare bones approach, Bowie decided to return to his solo career, while keeping most of the TM personnel on retainer. In a move questioned by many North American critics(even to this day), Bowie decided to capitalize on the Soul Revival that was going on in his native England(artists such as Black Box, Lisa Stansfield and Amber). <br />If you like Lisa Stansfield or Amber, then you'll be instantly hooked on this one. If you don't...well...then it will probably take awhile for this album to grow on you. Indeed, it's been out of print for nearly ten years because fans of Bowie's older music didn't know what to make of it(he returned to a more familiar style after this one, so it's also easy to mistake this as a failed experiment). The instrumentals bring back bad memories of Kenny G, and the closet thing to an actual rock song is the the proto-Moby \\"Jump They Say\\" This may make people leery especially when they see the price tag. The US economy is not at its strongest right now, so [money] may seem like a small fortune to some.<br />So why the good review? Why am I recommending it? Because as I said before, the songs DO grow on you(well, maybe not that Kenny G number, but the rest), though you might want to hear it first. Plus it's got a cool DVD, which has Bowie explaining the origins of the songs(bet ya didn't know the title track was inspired by race relations), some footage of the album sessions, and three MTV videos(which I doubt you'll be seeing on MTV anytime soon).<br />A basic rundown of the videos:<br />Miracle Goodnight: A European flavor to it, kindof weird.<br />Jump They Say: Bowie is a nervous boardroom exec who refuses to be assimilated into the soulless corporate elite.<br />Black Tie, White Noise: Interspersed with brief images of ghetto life, Bowie and co-vocalist Al B Sure nervously confront each other in an alley, but ultimately walk away as friends.<br />My only gripe is the second disc, which has two new songs and ten remixes of the songs from the first disc. They should've just put the new songs on the main disc and release the remixes in small doses(ala future remasters, it worked for Judas Priest)<br />But as I said, give this album time to grow on you, and you'll like what you hear.
6305603847|5.0|NO WORDS FOR THIS WONDERFUL, MUSICAL, HEART-WRENCHING FILM. I HAVE SEEM IT ABOUT 50 TIMES AND STILL CAN'T GET ENOUGH.<br />WHO CAN'T RELATE TO THE WALL AGAINST THE EMOTIONS OF WAR AND AN ABUSIVE CHILDHOOD.<br />BUY THIS DVD/VHS!!!
B00005JLXE|4.0|When Daredevil first came on the scene he was made from the same cloth as Spider Man, but as time went on he became his own person. He's been a unique character for decades now. Daredevil the movie shows just what makes this character special. The cast is great and the movie pays homage to it's roots by including the campier style of 60's comics with the darker elements and character developments that came later. As a Daredevil fan I think it's very entertaining.
B00000BKI4|4.0|If you're a fan of bands such as The Flaming Lips ect...  then you need to pick up this album.  It's along the same lines as The Soft Bulletin yet very much different at the same time.  Every song on here is a classic and the album flows together brilliantly.  It's hard to resist such lush songs as &quot;Tonite It Shows&quot;, &quot;Opus 40&quot;, and &quot;Goddess On a Hiway&quot;.  While this album isn't quite as good as The Soft Bulletin it should definitely be added to your collection (and will be listened to religously).
B0000017CA|5.0|Acid Bath is simply one of the most original metal acts to ever come out of America. When The Kite String Pops is brutal, punishing, disturbing, bleak, beautiful, poetic, serene, and more. The juxtapostion of seemingly every style of heavy music with vividly poetic yet troubling lyrics and Dax Rigg's croon must be heard to be believed. A run-through of my personal favorites goes like this:<br />\\"Tranquilized\\" - a groovy, 70's-rock song wtih catchy vocals and a cool, Sabbath-like middle section. Badass.<br />\\"Finger Paintings Of The Insane\\" - an ominous, disturbing, downright scary track. Dax's echoed vocals and the high-register guitar fills creepily match the slow, hypnotic tempo. Some spooky lyrics as well. \\"Rape the mother, kill the father\\". <br />\\"Jezebel\\" - breathtaking. Starts out as a full-on death metal assault. However, it eventually breaks down into a slow, disturbing hypnosis like \\"Finger Paintings\\". Also, this probably has the best lyrics on the record, from the classic opening lines, to the \\"screams bloody murder as they chop off her fingers\\" part. Excellent.<br />\\"Scream Of The Butterfly\\" - although it's a little to goth for me, this is still a gorgeous ballad about abortion. The bass playing by Audie is pretty good, and the lyrics are poetic as always.<br />\\"Toubabo Koomi\\" - musically, this track has a lot of stuff going on. It starts out as a punkish moshpit song, but it gradually breaks down into almost melodic metal. And at the end, guitars squall into feedback while Dax cryptically chants \\"I did a line\\".<BR>Also the album's first and only single/video. <br />\\"The Bones Of Baby Dolls\\" - kinda shows their Cajun roots. This song is simply gorgeous, from it's three main acoustic guitar riffs to the processed vocals to some of the best lyrics Dax ever wrote. \\"Like bottle glass scraping across the pavement.\\"<br />\\"Cassie Eats Cockroaches\\" - the first song I heard by them. Very heavy metal with that opening riff, and it's loaded with double bass drummingand movie dialouge samples, most famously from <BR>'A Clockwork Orange'. Dax's sexually disturbing lyrics are simple mind-boggling. How does one think of that? <br />Even the tracks I didn't mention (\\"Blue\\", \\"Cheap Vodka\\", \\"Dope Fiend\\", \\"Dr. Seuss Is Dead\\", \\"God Machine\\", \\"What Color Is Death\\", and particularly \\"The Mortician's Flame\\") all are amazing. Dax Riggs, Mike Sanchez, Sammy Pierre Duet, Audie Pitre, and Jimmy Kyle, thank you for crafting a powerful, emotional, and immortal album. May the Acid Bath cult live on. Peace out.
B000000JO3|5.0|I heard about minor threat through a friend and I listened and i'm hooked, they are just great, plain and simple. I really don't have a favorite song, its all just awesome. buy this album and you won't be dissappointed<br />to the fred durst numba one fan guy: lol please keep writing reviews their hilarious, wow I hope your not being serious because if you are its not funny its just sad
B00011RPB0|2.0|Boring excursion into Tokyo lacks a funny bone that could have been needed to keep this movie running along but it get bog down with too much drama, and too much head scratching on what is going on. Bill Murray is fine but he needs to get back to real comedy, Not this.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Not one for those who want explosions, Hollywood formula, over-obvious schmaltz, or a special effects extravaganza. Not one for those jealous of Sofia Coppola either, who - once again - proves she earns the right to direct movies on her own merit. Just a rare human film with a gently humorous eye, and one that gives us real emotion instead of the fake. Of course some people will hate it for exactly these reasons, but it's one of the best of the year. Murray and Johannson are superb, and the cross cultural jokes far from racist but symptomatic of practically ANY cross cultural encounters.
B0001AP12G|4.0|What struck me the first time I heard this album is how each song sounds very different.  West is able to use a variety of beats and hooks incorporating soulful sounds as well as heavy guitar rock beats.  His lyrics are meaningful and clever especially on tracks such as &quot;Thru the Wire&quot; and &quot;All Falls Down.&quot;  The guest appearances include Common, Jay-Z, Talib Kweli, Mos Def, Twista, and the Harlem Boys Choir.  Common and Kweli are featured on the same song, &quot;Get Em High,&quot; but that is not particularly one of the better songs on the album, although both shine in their 8 bars.<br />&quot;All Falls Down&quot; is a great song that features a soulful hook provided by Syleena Johnson, and &quot;Two Words&quot; featuring Mos Def has a rock feel and shows impeccable lyricism from both Kanye West and Mos Def.  For producers that rap, West would have to take home the award for being the best rapper.  His music is a change from much of the rap music out today and reflects off of the albums that Talib Kweli or The Roots put out, although his lyricism is not at that high a level and is only slightly above average.  West does rap about topics that most artists would stay away from and his lyrics are personal occasionally mixing a little of the gangster edge but staying political and eclectic.  <br />The album is lengthy so you will get your money's worth and each song will give you a good vibe.  There is nothing much to skip over and the skits are funny.  Some tracks are not up to the level of &quot;Thru the Wire,&quot; &quot;All Falls Down,&quot; &quot;Spaceship,&quot; and &quot;Two Words.&quot;  &quot;New Workout Plan,&quot; which should have been left off the album, and &quot;Breathe in Breathe Out&quot; featuring Ludacris are some that are not too great.  I highly recommend this album as there are enough good tracks that will keep you listening to this album for months and it will definitely be a standout album in 2004.
B0001I562I|5.0|This sci-fi film is a classic eighties movie filled with humour, drama and adventure from start to finish. This is a must see for all ages! The part where the Beach Boys 'I Get Around' is a funny moment.<br />I already have both the UK region 2 Version (widescreen 16.9) and the S. American region 1 Version (Full Screen 4.3) both officially released in these territories already. It's nice that US customers can now enjoy this terrific movie. Though the Region 1 version I have includes the Theatrical trailer as well as other extras. I hope there is a choice between full screen/widescreen options because this movie was filmed in full frame and cropped/matted for theaters/cinemas. So if you are used to the Vhs/tv broadcast versions this is the full screen original print. And will be losing picture from top and bottom for the widescreen release on DVD.<br />Let's hope this US version has loads of extras like audio commentary, featurette etc.
0812550706|4.0|I don't read a lot of science-fiction material. Besides this, I've &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;, and some Kurt Vonnegut. But, this was a terrific read. I loved this book. I reccomend it highly to anyone who hasn't read sci-fi before. It's really easy to read and not too technical at all.
B00014K5TQ|5.0|This movie is colorful in every way. The cinematography is lusious, the costumes are extravagant, the music is what color would sound like (the soundtrack is a great buy, i've burned it for all my friends, and haven't had anything but praises). Maculay, Seth, Marilyn, and Chloe make this movie something like a moment of experience in the club scene a la NY 1980s. I had a lot of fun with the DVD because there is an interview with the real Michael Alig, and he's just so much fun. It is a great piece.
B00000DOZ7|5.0|\\"The Yes Album\\" was actually the third album from the group spearheaded by singer John Anderson, but represented enough significant differences from its two predecessors to constitute a new and bigger beginning for the progressive rock group. Guitarist Steve Howe had replaced Peter Banks (who had gone off to join Blodwyn Pig), the album featured only original material, and the songs now tended to be much longer tracks. The four longer tracks--\\"Yours Is No Disgrace,\\" \\"Starship Trooper,\\" \\"I've Seen All Good People,\\" and \\"Perpetual Change\\"--are structured similarly, although each allows for considerable instrumental freedom. Usually a melodic theme is introduced by one member of the band and then echoed by the others. Science fiction concepts are combined with folk melodies and transformed into soaring showpieces for vocal and musical instruments alike.<br />However, on this particular album the stand out musician is, rather surprisingly, bassist Chris Squire. Sometimes I think they made a mistake on the mix and pumped up the volume on the bass, but then it becomes clear this is by design. Howe's guitar work as well as the organ played by Tony Kaye are given their moments to shine while Bill Bruford's drumming just stays out of the way. However, the defining element of Yes is probably the vocal harmonies, with Howe and Squire blending with Anderson in the falsetto range, highlighted on \\"All Good People.\\" It was this that made Yes unique from their most obvious British progressive rock counterpart Emerson, Lake & Palmer. \\"All Good People\\" was also the group's second American single to crack the Top 40 and really became the song that introduced them to a larger listening audience. However, the best is yet to come, with the additional of Rick Wakeman as the keyboard player and Anderson's continued exploration of oblique lyrics.
6305537321|5.0|This is one of the most heartful, wonderful movies ever made.  It's sad and heartbreaking at some parts, but it's all leveled out with a crapicious character played by Audrey Hepburn.  A must-see!
B0000VAFO0|1.0|Well, sorry, chaps, but it didn't. A huge dissapointment from a very promising concept.
B00011RPB0|1.0|I think the popularity among critics is that it shows an 18 year old playing a 20-something who actually has an attraction to a geezer. Speaking for all geezers, it gives us hope. An otherwise bland and boring film.
6304057709|5.0|Thanks be to Emma Thompson for bringing this marvellous Jane Austen novel to life so beautifully and respectfully!<br />Let me first remind all reviewers and fans that this story is NO where near the Victorian Era! As an English major and bibliophile, it makes me cringe to read how many people think so. It's like saying that 2000 is the Kennedy era. All Austen is GEORGIAN England, over fifty years before Victoria ever came to the throne; England under the reign of George III/IV; the era of Napolean (the Regency era), complete with less constrictive Grecian-inspired clothing for the women! (Regency: hence the term, EMPIRE waist) By contrast to the rigid manners and clothing of the successive eras, this era is VERY liberal and free, almost contemporary (to our own). Women were not so restricted at this time as they later would be. Isn't that obvious by Marianne's behaviour throughout? =) (And look at Lizzy in P&amp;P! No Victorian woman would have behaved so!)<BR> <BR>Now to the film: While many changes were made from its source - no Lady Middleton and child, and no child of Mr and Mrs John Dashwood (John and Fanny) - I am guessing that these ommissions of children must be due to the fact that these children were so young, and not all movie makers want to deal with directing young kids. That is all I can think of to excuse this ommission. What we lose is how different the mothering of Mrs Dashwood and Fanny is, as well as how different Sir John Middleton is from his wife- the former extremely gentile and well natured, the other completely snobby. What we also lose is the chief reason John and Fanny would NOT give the Dashwood girls any financial support, lest it &quot;ruin himself and their poor little Harry&quot;. Alas, we see soon enough through Thompson's wonderful screenplay that the step-siblings care for nothing but themselves and this is thrown wonderfully into relief by Elinor, Marianne, Margaret and their mother's more generous behaviour, as well as that of Mrs Jennings and her son-in-law, Sir John Middleton. This said, we lose, too, the contrast between sisters in THIS family - the difference between Charlotte and her sister Lady Middleton. A shame, but still a wonderful film.<BR>Keira Knightly is today's Kate Winslet. They are both young, beautiful talented girls. Watching this film again, reminded me how much I loved and currently miss Winslet's acting. Winslet is the perfect Marianne: vibrant, rash, passionate, and utterly Romantic.<BR>I had reservations at first about how old was Emma Thompson for the role she played! But she pulls this role of Elinor off admirably, my favourite moment of her acting is when she utterly breaks down at the bedside of her feverish, ill sister - a stirring performance that brought tears to my eyes. As much as I love this film and love the two actors, I could not suspend belief that there was actual chemistry between Grant and Thompson - their performances both made it seem as though they were merely old friends who enjoyed each other's company, not lovers who had been divided with heartache by another (ie, Lucy Steele). Indeed the actor's relationship seemed to seep through into their characters, and this was a shame, as I felt some poignancy was lost.<BR>This did not, however, impede any of the fine acting: A finer bumbling Edward was ne'er to be found, and Grant is his usual awkwardness fits this artless, affectionate man to a &quot;T&quot;! A great, comic role.<BR>Alan Rickman's Col. Brandon was fantastic - he does not come across as being too old for his role, and is so handsome in looks and performance as Brandon that it would have mattered anyway. He plays wonderfully a handsome, shy, hurt creature whose chemistry with Marianne was subtle, sober and beautiful, not rash and impulsive as was Marianne's and the dashing young Willoughby's, very smoothly played by an exquisite Greg Wise.<BR>And what a difference for Hugh Laurie from his Blackadder days! I never thought it was the sameperson. But he is a fantastic actor, and this screenplay allows him, as Mr Palmer, to be both sardonic throughout and then suddenly revealed as compassionate - a complete alteration of character at the end, well played. <BR>Marianne's singing is just lovely, and shows Kate Winslet a very talented girl. It's a shame there is no copy of her performance on any Soundtrack recordings, as countless fans would have purchased it for its amateur sweetness and artless, fine quality.<BR>The pace is so quick that one does not notice that more than two hours have gone by, and it seems not enough time to have spent in this beautiful story.<BR>So, with fine acting, directing and writing, marvellous costumes, gorgeous countryside scenery and a lush score, this movie can be enjoyed by Austen fans and non-Austen fans alike.
B00018TI5E|5.0|John Frusciante is truly the greatest guitarist of our time.  Though he doesn't flash off on his solo albums, he does write great songs with deep meaningful lyrics.  This solo release is definitley the most melodic of the 4 he has released.  He also experiments with sound that reminds me of the way Pink Floyd used to back in there Umma Gumma / Live at Pompeii days.  I haven't listened to this album as much as To Record Water in Ten Days (one of my most favorite albums of all time), but I know it'll be in my CD player for at least a month straight.  If you want to hear someone who plays with his soul and sounds like no one else - you have to check out John Frusciante and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.  Thank you and I hope you enjoy this sound as much as I do.
0790729652|5.0|If you are a big batman fan I don't how you could miss this film. It is unbelievable. This and batman returns are the only good out of the four. Jack Nicholson is fantastic in this film. He is also hisarical. Michael Keaton is great as batman too. He's way better than George Clooney. What about Adam West, but anyways this movie is very dark like the way Tim Burton shoots his films. The art design in this film is amazing. They really did bring Gotham City to life. This movie attacks hard but don't get this because when &quot;Batman part 5 comes out there's going to be a special edition DVD for all of them. But if you don't want to wait till 2005 you go ahead and buy this. In the Big Fish premiere Tim Burton said he was done with the commentary.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|I can't say I felt this film lived up to the hype, but that's not an unusual thing to say about any movie.  In general, the acting was excellent, the photography was good, and the script was mediocre.<BR>This is a story about two dissatisfied people who meet and can relate to one another.  It's a story that's been told a million times before, most famously in its incarnation as the British classic &quot;A Brief Encounter&quot;.  &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; sports far better performances by its leads and will of course be more accessible to a contemporary audience, but suffers from a weaker script.<BR>Living in (and loving) Japan myself, I found many of the stereotypes to be untrue and, occassionally, objectionable.  However, &quot;Japan&quot; was not the theme of this movie.  The characters could have been anywhere, so long as it was someplace that made them feel like &quot;outsiders&quot;, and Tokyo, as it is presented in the West, is a modern location which most Westerners think of as distant in every sense of the word.  Of course, the Tokyo presented in this film is the image we get in the States (via Hollywood, television, and any number of fringe news articles about social trends and electronic gadgets), as opposed to the real place.  As an example, for those of you who have been to New York City, compare the real thing with the city presented to you in the movie &quot;Seven&quot;, which plays to every stereotype purveyed by those who have never visited of crime, perversity and destitution.<br />The slow speed of the film did not bother me in the least.  It's a film about the characters, not their environment, past, or future.  It's a study of loneliness and anger.  Charlotte, an otherwise educated woman, bad-mouths everything she sees or tries, from the lunch she eats with Bob (&quot;shabu-shabu&quot;, which is delicious, by the way), to the pronunciation of the locals' English.  This shouldn't be confused with an endorsement of those sentiments on the part of the director.  Rather, it is a window into the character's own youth (read: childishness) and inexperience, coupled with her deep unhappiness with her own life.<BR>I do not agree that most people who have visited a foreign environment should relate to this.  I fully endorse a number of other reviewers who have mentioned that a normal person would be interested in the adventure of Japan, of seeing new things, and of interacting with new people.  But Bob and Charlotte are not normal people.  If they were, there would be no movie.  What makes a movie worth watching (any movie) is that it is about something out of the ordinary, whether that something occurs outside of the characters or inside.<BR>That said, I often found Bob's jokes at the expense of the people around him to be in bad taste.  Almost every Japanese person he met in this movie was going out of their way to be kind and make him feel at home, but he often made fun of them.  This is the kind of behavior that is often considered &quot;cool&quot; in the West, but you won't find much of it in Japan, thank goodness.<BR>I've mentioned above, you don't need to agree with everything these characters do- they're not heroes- but his actions damaged my ability to sympathize with him.<BR>As for the dialogue itself, this is a film with less dialogue than average, so it was a pity to see so many throw-away lines.  I realize that most of the acting and character-development was silent, but that's no reason not to have quality dialogue also.  A small example of this is the scene in the strip-club.  Nothing here is said of any imporance.  In fact, the entire scene could have been lifted right out of the movie without effect.<BR>Finally, to review the DVD itself.  Please note that my rating of four stars is for the film, not the DVD, which would get two at best.  This is the one and only DVD I have ever owned or rented which actually requires you to watch all of the previews.  To me, this is unforgiveable, and it is enough to ensure that I will never purchase another title from Focus Features.  The only option you have is to fast-forward, old-fashioned VCR-style.  This is bad enough, but my own player has only 2x fast forwarding available, making the process annoying, to put it extremely mildly and expletive-free.<BR>In short, this film is worth watching at least once, but (DVD aside) I doubt it will stand up to repeat viewings for most people.
0385510438|5.0|I am such a JG nutt!  He is one of the few writers I read in this genre.  I usually read romance novels but every once in awhile I enjoy a good mystery and when I feel like a good mystery I go in search of a JG novel.  I loved this story, thought it was thrilling!  I know you will agree.  Buy the book and see for yourself!
6304711905|5.0|Tombstone is an excellent western that spares no expense in terms of its starring cast.<br />The movie begins with the three Earp brothers--Wyatt, played by Kurt Russell; Virgil, played by Sam Elliot; and Morgan, played by Bill Paxton--journeying to a small mining town called Tombstone to, in Wyatt's words, &quot;make our fortune.&quot;  As an aside, I just want to say that Russell bears an uncanny resemblance to the real Wyatt Earp.  If you don't believe me, then do a web search and check it out for yourself.<br />After crossing paths with a thuggish band of criminals known as &quot;The Cowboys,&quot; Virgil decides to become town marshall, with Morgan as his deputy--much to the consternation of Wyatt.  As a showdown with The Cowboys looms, Wyatt eventually throws in with them for the legendary Gunfight at the OK Corral.<br />Without a doubt, my favorite character was the doomed Doc Holliday, played flawlessly by Val Kilmer.  Kilmer may have a reputation of being difficult to work with, but he nails the Holliday character and was deserving of an Oscar nomination (which he didn't receive).  His smugness, wrapped in a Georgia accent, is truly a joy to behold.  He has so many wonderful lines and scenes that they are too numerous to list here.  As was historically accurate, Holliday also throws in with the Earps for the OK Corral shootout.<br />The movie goes on to detail the events after the OK Corral confrontation--including the murder of Morgan and the maiming of Virgil, and Wyatt's subsequent revenge against The Cowboys.  Minor plotlines include Wyatt's interest in a stage performer, played by Dana Delaney; and Wyatt's wife's addiction to opium.  <br />The all-star cast includes Michael Biehn as the sadistic Johnny Ringo--a mirror image of Doc Holliday; Powers Boothe, as Curly Bill Brocious, the self-annointed &quot;founder of the feast&quot; known as The Cowboys; Billy Bob Thornton, as the bullying Johnny Tyler; and Charleton Heston, in a cameo as Henry Hooker.<br/>While the film may not be as historically accurate as some accounts, it certainly is enjoyable.
B0000C6E4D|2.0|Although Afterglow has its beautiful and interesting points, I found the album as a whole to be mundane and unusually emotionless for Sarah McLachlan.  I loved the dynamics of Fumbling Toward Ecstasy, the beauty of Touch and Solace, and found Surfacing to be an OK album though it did not vary as much as the previous three.  I thought Surfacing's main strength was in the emotion of its lyrics, whereas the other albums' main strengths were in McLachlan's voice and the music itself.<br />In Afterglow, McLachlan's music and lyrics both are weaker than they were on any of her previous albums.  The music, though sometimes pretty, fell into a lot of cliche chord-progressions, and the lyrics suffered from stunted vocabulary as compared to Sarah's previous work, decreasing their emotional effect.  Sarah also did not use her voice to the full potential she did on all of her previous albums, making some of the songs feel monotone.  She did experiment with a new, more whispery tone, although I do not feel that made up for the loss of powerful vocal parts, which she has done so well before.<br />In short, Afterglow is not a bad album, but it is not something I would put in my CD player unless as background music while busy with something else.  I was disappointed.
B0000UHFC6|5.0|I love the music on this soundtrack.  It is the perfect mix of brass, strings, percussion, chorus, and solo voice.  I think it is the best of the three soundtracks.  One part I really love is when Ben Del Maestro sings in track four--it is awesome.  To top off this, the bonus DVD rocks!  The 25 minute documentary on Howard Shore is quite insightful, funny at times, and very interesting.  I also enjoyed the 5-minute &quot;Super Trailer&quot; on that DVD--it basically summarizes the whole trilogy in 5 minutes.<br />Overall, I would recommend you went ahead and paid the extra for this copy--not only is it significantly better, but it is a limited edition.  If you don't get it now, you may not have another chance.<br />As a huge LOTR fan (I read the books 10X), I think this is a great investment.
B00006RINF|5.0|Comalies is a great album, with tight harmonies between male and female vocals that give it a distinctive sound over an unfalteringly solid progression of powerful music.  This band has a lot of energy, even when they slow the tempo down.  They have been compared far too many times to Evanescence, due to Evanescence's hit single &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; which also features a male and female pair of singers.  However, Lacuna Coil's music stands up to repeated listening more successfully.
0385337388|5.0|Being a med student and working to &quot;save&quot; lives in the hospital for the last two years, I can totally relate myself to the main character of The House of God. Even if it was written in the 70s, it still applies in 2004. Reading this novel was almost like reading my two years rotating in the hospital. I should have read this book before my rotations started two years ago to know all the Laws of the House of God! I realise that I do hate gomers too! It is a great novel and all med students should read it before heading to start their rotations in the hospitals. Like Roy, I am heading to psych.
B00018D44U|1.0|I've seen other reviews in here regarding problems playing this CD on a computer. However, my home CD player won't recognize it. Even my APEX DVD/CD player has a problem with it, a first. It plays, but sounds terrible. It DOES play in my car, but I would like to listen to it in other places. With this antipiracy software, they appear to have thrown out the baby with the bathwater.
0156027321|4.0|I picked up this book and was immediately captured.  More importantly, the story was so well drawn and constructed that the images Yann Martel conjured have stayed with me long after I closed the book (quite reluctantly, in fact).  It is, as the protagonist states, a story to make you believe in God - or failing that, at least believe that the art of fine literature endures.
B000002H2H|5.0|It's entirely possible that these four boys had no idea what they actually began creating when they recorded this album.  All the members of Metallica were just entering their twenties when they made one of the greatest albums of all time.  \\"Ride the Lightning\\" transcended some sort of spiritual plain.<BR>If Rush and Yes laid a blueprint for Metallica's song writing, then their next three albums would be the building of those plans.  The influential progressive rock of the seventies had a cheesy feeling to it because the singers actually tried to sing (with terrible voices).  Metallica injected straight ahead metal vocals and speeded up the complicated song structures to make their music grab the listener by the hair and force them to listen.<BR>The guitars hit high and low tones in just the right places and also combine to create a whirlwind of fury.  Sawing, crunching, stopping and going makes the music so unpredictable it almost makes you feel dizzy.  People who scare easily would be tortured by this album.<br />A great example of the smacking upside this album does is the opening track.  Classical guitars met by a stampeding guitar backed by a beat going eighty-miles-per-hour.  <BR>Pound, guitar scream, pound, guitar scream is how the title track starts off and then it breaks into a riff that sounds like a person trying to break free from being strapped down, matching the lyrics perfectly.  How did they depict an experience so intense without ever experiencing it?  <BR>\\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\\" just comes soaring in like a menacing bomber and lays down napalm that supports of the troops marching into battle.<BR>  And then, a schizophrenic shift into a guitar line that is dark and weeping which build into tears.  The intensity comes in the lyrics which is the most accurate description of suicidal depression after a person suffers a great loss.<BR>Then, they jump right back into it with the adrenaline soaked \\"Trapped Under Ice\\".  The rapid drums and rhythm guitarswith parts of screaming guitars embody the feeling of dread and panic.  \\"Escape\\" is like bottled anger just beginning to seep out with rebellious lyrics that are an anthem to metalheads.  <BR>Blasting with 500 ton bombs, and then firing with machine guns comes \\"Creeping Death\\", one of the greatest Metallica songs ever written.  \\"Die! Die! Die! Die!\\" barks James Hetfield as the guitars falling into unison to lay waste to cities.  <BR>The ending track is gloomy that puts the listener afloat in either the clouds of heaven or the smoke rising from hell.<br />Maybe Metallica didn't transcend a spiritual plain since there may be no such thing, but they did make something so deeply emotional it could change lives.  Worshiping Metallica like Gods is certainly understandable because of albums like this.  You will become either a Metallica follower or you'll need a therapist for the post-traumatic stress disorder after listening to this album.
B00004T1NA|5.0|This album is truly great.  Wilson is a gifted artist.  Listening to this album reminds me how rare we encounter good, solid progressive rock anymore.  Great melodies, thoughtful tunes.
B0000YEEG2|5.0|Over the years the one anime series which has left a long impression was the &quot;Space Pirate Captain Harlock&quot; sequences from the &quot;Captain Harlock and the Queen of a Thousand Years&quot; series that aired on TV. Until then, only the Galaxy Express movies and Arcadia of My Youth have lived up to my initial expectations of what Harlock is about: sacrifice, heroism, and the coming of age.<br />I first saw this DVD at a friend's house and was more than pleasantly surprised as it really does seem to capture what I loved about the initial series. The artwork, sound, and dialogue are terrific. The story is reminiscent of the first series, though this is not a remake.<br />What can I say? Five stars.
B00000AOUD|5.0|Thick as a Brick has a magical, melodic, moving sound like nothing else ever.  When I first discovered this album 20 years ago, I was convinced that this was a groundbreaking work which would set the style for many albums to come.  It never happened.  I have never heard anything like this album since (save for some similar stuff from Tull, but even that never quite sounds like Thich as a Brick again).  Thsi wonderful work essentially was a brief experimental tangent in the history of rock, and it is a shame.
B0000TB01Y|3.0|This musical is very dull and if not for the star power of Idina Menzel, Kristin Chenoweth and Joel Grey it would completely be devoid of any sort of wit, musicality or hummable tunes. The above 3 by pure force of will try to make this show work and Joel Grey proves himself indispensable as he puts forth the shows weakest material with a grin and a forced sense of happiness. Truly a living legend, Joel Grey tries his best. Menzel and Chenoweth have the other 2 standout songs respectively, &quot;Defying Gravity&quot; and &quot;Popular&quot;. THis is a musical that will not be remembered and everyone is the better for that.
B00008ADPF|2.0|This is the worst of modern rock. Its boring, uninspired, has no style or memorable songs, and its just... blah. It doesnt help any that &quot;Someday&quot; has been played on the radio 24/7 for the past 2 or 3 months. Another thing, what makes these guys any different from Creed? At least Creed had an interesting frontman with a big ego, these Nickelback guys dont have anything that sets them apart from other bands. If you want interesting modern rock bands check out Linkin Park, Blink-182, Good Charlotte or Limp Bizkit.
0385504209|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the best ten books I have ever read.  An instant classic.  It is compelling, thrilling, suspenseful, intriguing, and there is a surprise at every turn.  You will come to love the characters instantly.  You will be hooked by the time are to page 50 to the point where you are late going places because you couldn't put the book down.  A definite must read.
0399208534|5.0|I can't quite put my finger on it, but for some reason this is my absolute favorite children's book. Maybe it's the twist ending, maybe it's the simpleness of it, but it's just a winner. And the little guy loves it and demands it every night, so it's tops in our house.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Thank You  <BR>I love where he's trying to go and I love this album.  I gave this album five stars because of the subject content. He's not the best rapper alive but his lyrics are profound.  He talks about all the viruses plaguing rap and essentially this is a mainstream Mos Def or Kweli album as far  lyrical content. Also the beats are hot and the skits are hillarious.<br />If you want an album that has great production and is not just about murder and ice; here you go
B000089RVR|3.0|Dido was thrust into the limelight as Eminem released his fan-obsessive ode ''Stan'', which featured the girl-next-door on vocals. The song generated the buzz that was much needed for her debut album ''No Angel''. Having been released in 1999, ''No Angel'' barely received any attention from radio nor record buyers. Without a hit single it's nearly impossible to capture the interest of the public or get anywhere near the charts unless you have a loyal fanbase. ''Stan'' managed to put Dido on the map as an international artist and her ''No Angel'' album raced up the charts across the world with each single release from the album. The album was a massive success, earning the singer millions of new-found admirers.<br />2003 saw the release of ''Life For Rent'', which stormed up the charts in the UK and in The US as well. The opener ''White Flag'' proved that Dido was no fluke and she was still capable of writing a good melodic tune with a nice hook. The theme of ''White Flag'' is universal, dealing with the difficulties of accepting a relationship is over and not wanting to let go. Another highlight would most definitely include the second single release and title-track ''Life For Rent'', which is probably one of the best song Dido has composed so far. The haunting and melancholic lyrics will surely strike a chord with most listeners, who will be able to relate to the subject of the song. ''Don't Leave Home'' is among the more up-beat songs on ''Life For Rent''. Dido's vocals blend quite well with the music and the chorus has you singing along. The trance-like ''Who Makes You Feel'' sees Dido singing in a sultry voice, which suits the mood of the song perfectly. The string arrangement is superb and the simplicity of ''Who Make You Feel'' makes the song among the better offering on the album. ''Sand In My Shoes'' sees the narrative returning from vacation and simply can't forget her summer fling/love. The hidden song displays Dido's voice wonderfully. <br />The production itself on ''Life For Rent'' is top-notch, however the lyrics are disappointingly bland, fitting primarily two themes ''I miss you'' or ''I fancy you a great deal''. Needless to say it gets a bit repetitive after a certain amount of time. Several of the songs, ''Do You Have A Little Time'', ''This Land Is Mine'' and ''Stoned'', are quickly forgotten within the first listen, which might have a lot to do with the similar sound of the songs on ''Life For Rent''. There simply isn't enough diversity to keep the listener's attention throughout the album. Upon the first listen several of the song might sound alike, however upon third of fourth listen, it's clear that there are several gems on ''Life For Rent''. Hopefully Dido will dare to be a bit more dicey on her next album in terms of lyrics and music styles.<br />''Life For Rent'' might not be labelled as great art, but it's still highly enjoyable and great as background music for a get-together with friends. It's good within its field and if you enjoyed ''No Angel'', you will most likely enjoy ''Life For Rent'' as well.<br />Overall Rate: 6.5/10
B00011RPB0|5.0|This movie was terrific. I can't quite think of what I like about the movie most. Bill Murray was great and Scarlett Johansson did an awesome job as well. The title of this review is &quot; Only for people who have an attention span&quot;. This goes for the many 1 or 2 star reviews people gave. Some of you say that it put you to sleep. It sounds like alls you like is movies with fast cars and ones that make you laugh so hard you pee your pants. Thats how stupid your taste is. If you don't care for this movie, thats fine. But from what I read on the review is that some people said too slow or that their was no plot. There was a plot! Wake up and pay attention. Not everything has to be spelled out to you. Anyway, see this movie. It's great.
B000000W6X|4.0|This second album from the pioneer group Massive Attack entitled \\"Protection\\" is a very good but also a very uneven album in it's own right but compared to their other stuff, \\"Protection\\" is an unfortunate victim to their later two albums \\"Mezzanine\\" and \\"100th Window\\" in my opinion.<br /> One thing that really stands out though is that this album has a very hazy summer evening kind of mood, kind of like those hazy sunsets: that's what the music on this album evokes. Most of this album is very lightweight compared to \\"Mezzanine\\" but on it's own \\"Protection\\" has plenty to offer.<br /> My favorite tracks are the title track, \\"Karmacoma\\" and \\"Weatherstorm\\".<br /> The title track is easily the best track on this entire album. This track to me is one of the best mid 1990s chill-out tracks featuring a very nice hip-hop beat, and Tracey Thorn's absolutely crystal clear vocals which dominate this track. Wow! She sounds absolutely incredible on this track. This album is worth buying just for the title track alone. \\"Karmacoma\\" is another favorite track of mines with an excellent blend of chill-out dance and some reggae elements. The somewhat subdued rapping is actually quite good.<br /> ALthough no bad songs by any stretch of the imagination, this album starts to kind of go all over the place and somewhat meander aimlessly in places.<br />\\"Weather Storm\\" is actually quite a fantastic and a great romantic relaxing song to listen to while basking in the sun on a summer evening but even though I really love this track, this one belongs on a smooth jazz Cd or on a smooth jazz station. I could actually recall hearing this on a smoothe jazz station one time a while back but had no idea that it was actually Massive Attack. But because I love smooth jazz, I actually enjoy this track but it feels way out of place on this album. Still \\"Weather Storm\\" is a great track and one of my favorites so it's completely forgiveable. It's just that \\"Weather Storm\\" felt like someone else's recording was accidentally put on this album. That's all.<br /> The album picks back up on \\"Spying Glass\\" which is a really cool trancy dance song with a slight reggae-ish edge to it and great, if somewhat, weird vocals by Andy.<br /> This CD starts to meander off from here forth. I actually found \\"Better Things\\" to be bland and unremarkable despite having the crystal clear vocals from Tracey Thorn. The beat is weak and the song feels unfinished almost like a demo tape. Still, not bad but nothing to write home about.<br />Although the remaining tracks are enjoyable to an extent, they aren't a lot to write home about either. The live version of \\"Light My Fire\\" though is interesting.<br />It's really ironic how this album showcased almost nothing of the darkness and dark inner psyche that would ultimately culminate in what I consider the greatest trip hop album of all time \\"Mezzanine\\" three years later.<br />\\"Protection\\" may be their weakest album but don't let the word \\"weakest\\" I typed here deter you from getting this album. Do not look for anything in the vein of \\"Mezzanine\\" nor \\"100th Window\\" but if you are willing to check it out on it's own merits, this album will be better than what most have made it out to be, perhaps even more than I have written it out to be.ording was accidentally put on this album. That's all.  <br /> The album picks back up on \\"Spying Glass\\" which is a really cool trancy dance song with a slight reggae-ish edge to it and great, if somewhat, weird vocals by Andy. <br /> This CD starts to meander off from here forth. I actually found \\"Better Things\\" to be bland and unremarkable despite having the crystal clear vocals from Tracey Thorn. The beat is weak and the song feels unfinished almost like a demo tape. Still, not bad but nothing to write home about. <br />Although the remaining tracks are enjoyable to an extent, they aren't a lot to write home about either. The live version of \\"Light My Fire\\" though is interesting. <br />It's really ironic how this album showcased almost nothing of the darkness and dark inner psyche that would ultimately culminate in what I consider the greatest trip hop album of all time \\"Mezzanine\\" three years later. <br />\\"Protection\\" may be their weakest album but don't let the word \\"weakest\\" I typed here deter you from getting this album. Do not look for anything in the vein of \\"Mezzanine\\" nor \\"100th Window\\" but if you are willing to check it out on it's own merits, this album will be better than what most have made it out to be, perhaps even more than I have written it out to be.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Im 13 and my grandfather had recorded this movie and i watched it when i was really little and then he gave it to me. So i watched that movie every day then i was afraid i would burn it up in my VCR so i bought the DVD. This movie is really cool it takes you on a journey through a fantasy world with puppets and David Bowie and Jennifer Connely. Some parts are very funny and some parts can leave you in suspence about the next time Jereth and Sarah will be face to face. The way i could describe this movie to you would ruin it. So all i can say is this movie is something that you think you will only watch once but watch it over and over. Watch and Injoy Davids songs!
B00006HBUB|2.0|I hate to say but I am totally dissapointed with this movie.<br /> Let me start that I've never been a really big fan of Scooby Doo but this movie eats the cake as it really does nothing for the original cartoon series from the 1960s.<br /> The actings is absolutely clumsy and the script is drab. The whole plot was absolutely ridiculous and forgettable.<br /> I'm not saying avoid this at all costs but don't expect anything out of this film.<br /> Hopefully the sequel will be better.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|This is a film that you have to be in the right mood for, otherwise it is way too slow. Fortunately, I was. I was physically and mentally tired. I needed something that was easy to watch, yet could get me just a little emotionally involved. This movie fit that. It is not a tear-jerker, but it does remind you of those times when you had a short period of really feeling comfortable. For some, it may be a summer romance. For others, it may be spending a warm summer afternoon with their favorite pet. The ending leaves it unknown just enough to keep you in that mood for a while. Good movie for the right circumstances.
B0000AYJXR|5.0|Man I have so many great memories of the days during most of the 1990s when the Chicago Bulls were the ultimate NBA basketball team and that I myself enjoy playing basketball and have won several basketball competitions when I was in school. To add to this great era in NBA history is a really quirky but absolutely entertaining movie that is called \\"Space Jam\\" which brings the NBA legend Michael Jordan onto the big screen for the first and only time as of writing this review.<br />  In the case of this, Michael Jordan plays himself but as a golfer with a peaceful life with his family. However, his peaceful life is suddenly interrupted when he is pulled through a golf hole while trying to retrieve the golf ball and finds himself in the world of Looney Tunes. The characters from The Looney Tunes are in grave danger. A gang of vicious cartoon aliens from outer space have taken over the cartoon world and the Looney Tunes, striking a deal with them, decides that their fate will be decided through challenging the aliens to a basketball game. If they lose this game, the Looney Tunes are doomed to becoming slaves to the alien race for the rest of their lives by telling the same jokes every night to entertain their race. Realizing what's at stake for them, Elmer Fudd, Bugs Bunny, Sylvester, Tweety Bird, Pudgy Pig, Tasmania and the remaining Looney Tunes cartoon characters call on the aid of Michael Jordan to challenge the aliens to this basketball game. The aliens make things a lot more complicated when they steal the basketball skills away from several `real life' NBA basketball players rendering the players almost inept at NBA games and the aliens grow from mere small annoying creatures into gigantic troll-like beings who call themselves the \\"Monstars\\" as a basketball team and the newly grown aliens are just about experts at basketball due to them draining all the skills away from the `real life' NBA basketball players. It's a lot at stake as the Looney Tunes are far disadvantaged against the formidable \\"Monstars\\" basketball team. With the help of Michael Jordan and cameo appearances from Wayne Knight, and Bill Murray, the basketball game will decide the fate of the cartoon world's future.<br /> \\"Space Jam\\" I think is one of the most brilliant movies that came out around this time (Around in 1996) during the Chicago Bulls at their heights in the history of the NBA and \\"Space Jam\\" blends the glory of this time and combines it with the Cartoon World in the greatest live/cartoon hybrid movie since \\"Who Framed Roger Rabbit\\" from eight years before then. This may have been Michael Jordan's only stab at acting in movies (at least at the time of writing this review) but Jordan was absolutely amazing in this movie and showed that he was absolutely capable of great acting. I also loved seeing \\"Seinfeld\\" actor Wayne Knight also play for the Looney Tunes basketball team against the \\"Monsters\\" team as well.<br />My favorite of the Looney Tunes were Bug Bunny and Tasmania whose eccentric cartoon characters really added so much fun, and humor to the movie. Bugs Bunny was so funny and witty and Tasmania's sometimes feral personality was absolutely a riot. I actually didn't care much for Lola Bunny a whole lot. The movie went on to become a smash hit and deservedly so because it's one of the best movies of the mid to late 1990s. I haven't been a major fan of the Looney Tunes on a historic note either except for Tom and Jerry but man, even the Looney Tunes characters were absolutely a riot in this movie. If you can, I would also recommend the soundtrack to this movie as well as it has all the fun that the movie itself has, and this is taking into account that while I have had a very intense dislike for most modern day rap music, the rap on the soundtrack is fun and excellent. Man do I wish there was another movie that blended cartoon styles with live action movie footage the way \\"Space Jam\\" did but at least where it stands, \\"Space Jam\\" is up there with \\"Who Framed Roger Rabbit\\" as the best live/cartoon hybrid movie of all time.<br /> If you can find it, I say get a hold on the 2-disc collector's \\"Special Edition\\" as the edition carries a lot of cool extras on it and has much better sound and visual quality than the VHS edition. I've watched the VHS version countless times and wore it out as a result a long time ago and went for years without seeing it so I replaced it with the \\"Special Edition\\" DVD and let me say, it's worth every penny. If you love basketball-themed movies, then this is the movie for you but anyone who wants loads of fun and entertainment along with intelligence, wit and smart craftsmanship will find much on \\"Space Jam\\".with \\"Who Framed Roger Rabbit\\" as the best live/cartoon hybrid movie of all time. <br /> If you can find it, I say get a hold on the 2-disc collector's \\"Special Edition\\" as the edition carries a lot of cool extras on it and has much better sound and visual quality than the VHS edition. I've watched the VHS version countless times and wore it out as a result a long time ago and went for years without seeing it so I replaced it with the \\"Special Edition\\" DVD and let me say, it's worth every penny. If you love basketball-themed movies, then this is the movie for you but anyone who wants loads of fun and entertainment along with intelligence, wit and smart craftsmanship will find much on \\"Space Jam\\".
0064471837|5.0|this book captivated me from start to finish.
1558908420|3.0|I will be honest the reason I rented this movie was because of the Cast. Ray Liotta to me had the best part in the movie of all of them. Then next would be Harvey Kietel as a corrupt New York Cop. Stallone is playing a small town Sherrif who is deaf in one ear(this gets played out in the movie) who has come to a New Jersey Suberb area and realizes that some of his friends in the Police Department nice or not turn out to be crooks. Robert Patrick another corrupt cop in the movie is good alongside in Keitels gang. The acting in this is very dissapointing. I was not blown away actually by De Niro's performance in this movie. I thought is was just a desperate attempt to use star power with an ensemble cast. You got to have a good platform for it to work.<BR>Directed by James Mangold<BR>Sylvester Stallone, Ray Liotta, Robert Patrick, Harvey Kietel and Robert De Niro
B0000C6E4D|2.0|Thia ahould have been titled &quot;Stumbling Towards Mediocrity&quot;.  Imcomparibly inferior to all of her previous work.
B00018D44U|5.0|As one can plainly see, this most recent album of the multi-talented singer/songwriter, Norah Jones, is being given mixed ratings. This, in part at least, is due to the album's &quot;Country-esque&quot; genre that many believe to be too much of a shift from Norah's debut &quot;Come Away with Me.&quot; The honest-to-goodness truth is that I found myself unable to appreciate more than half of the songs on this album until the fourth or even the fifth listen--which would suggest that one's initial reaction should not be taken too seriously. I would like to run down the tracks, rating each (out of ten), and commenting for the purpose of giving prospective/critical buyers a chance to &quot;sample&quot; the tracks not offered in the audio sample section:<br />1.-&quot;Sunrise&quot;-(9/10): A classic and jazzy crooning that evokes the feeling of well...sunrise. One point has been deducted only because I believe I've heard it far too many times on the commercial. <br />2.-&quot;What Am I to you?&quot;-(10/10): Possibly the best track on the album--which is interesting because it was the only song that was composed solely by Norah.<br />3.-&quot;Those  Sweet Words&quot;-(8/10): I found myself humming this tune quite frequently--it is plausibly a track most likely to have been featured on her last CD. She exudes great vocal range in this track, also.<br />4.-&quot;Carnival Town&quot;-(9/10):Classic. Classic. Beautiful, almost philosophical themes of the aimless cyclistic patterns of Carousels and Ferris Wheels (country fair, anyone?)<br />5.-&quot;In the Morning&quot;-(9/10): Norah's astonishing vocal talent and range really are able to be showcased in this track--You'll be singing it in the shower, it's one of those songs.<br />6.-&quot;Be Here to Love Me&quot;-(7.5/10): I'm not sure why, I mean it's a reasonably decent song, but too much like the next track (see below, for an explanation.)<br />7.-&quot;Creepin' In&quot;-(6/10): As one could tell, I'm not too into country,but this requires much explanation. The beginning is interesting (vocally), but only in terms of Norah's voice. As one might have determined already, this is the song featuring Dolly Parton--whose performance can only be described as abhorrent. Bleck. I'm not even sure it has any meaning/point whatsoever. The lowpoint of the CD.<br />8.-&quot;Toes&quot;-(9/10): Just when you thought the CD was about to go downhill, Norah pulls out this jazzy representation about imagery of a river--excellent instrumentals.<br />9.-&quot;Humble Me&quot;-(10/10): &quot;The jewel on the tiara that is 'Feels Like Home.'&quot; The best song on the CD, in my opinion, (the beginning instrumentals are evocative of Sarah MacLachlan's &quot;When She Loved Me&quot; which might be random note, but is also one of the best songs I've yet heard) it is especially effective at conveying and drawing emotions--beautifully written and performed. This is one of the less county tracks, and more of what people expected from this release (as a follow-up of &quot;Come Away With Me.&quot;)<br />10.-&quot;Above Ground&quot;-(8/10): A decent track, with dramatic instrumentals, not the strongest track; possibly a tad too dramatic.<br />11.-&quot;The Long Way Home&quot;-(9/10): Exquisite (even though it is a more country track)-- &quot;...Money's just something you throw/ Off the back of a train...&quot; Best. Lyrics. Ever. It's so reckless and country/jazzy you will love it to death.<br />12.-&quot;The Prettiest Thing&quot;-(10/10):Jazzily, Dreamily, Saccharine. A very unique blend of jazz/country--also the features the album's title in the track (not quite the title track)--A must listen.<br />13.-&quot;Don't Miss You At All&quot;-(8.5/10): A decent, jazzy, strong way to close out &quot;Feels like Home&quot; with some more nature imagery.
B000002H72|3.0|This album is pretty good, but I feel it's overrated.  While some tracks are great, others are just...well, bleh.  Lots of people told me I would be amazed when I got this album.  I guess my expectations were a bit high.  It's still good, and an enjoyable listen, but not what some people make it out to be.
B000002H2H|5.0|If you are a Metallica fan then you have probably heard that Master of Puppets is their best CD right?  Wrong!  If you just started liking Metallica buy this CD first.  They never ever sound like this again.  Kirk Hammet is awesome with the guitar and so is Cliff Burton with the bass guitar, Lars Urich plays the drums very well, and Nick Heinfeld's voice is great!  Take it from me I have every one of their CD's.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I hate predictable, formulaic movies - that's why I loved Lost In Translation. Murray's deadpan delivery is often hilarious but barely conceals his bitterness. He's an actor doing advertising he clearly considers beneath him.    Johansson is a beautiful, young, newlywed on the verge of cynicism - unappreciated and underestimated. She's tagging along with her photographer husband who is shooting photographs for various jobs. Although Murray and Johansson are dispirited for different reasons they clearly understand one another. Murray and Johansson's character's are penned in by cultural and language barriers which mitigates the usual distractions and strengthens their bond.    Scarlett Johansson is lovely, funny and witty. Murray would, at first glance, seem an unlikely match but the two have terrific chemistry.    To her credit Copolla doesn't ask the audience to make leaps of faith about the logistics of the relationship. Copolla clearly loves the characters, oblivious to their flaws and it works because I felt the same way.    My only criticism, a minor one, is the film has a lyrical subtext in the soundtrack that I found a little patronizing. Listen to the lyrics of the soundtrack as you watch the film and you'll see what I mean. Lost In Translation is not art-house dreck. It's a genuinely touching story that all of us can relate to in one form or another.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Those who are questoning the quality of this album need to find a new purpose in life!  It's truly disgusting that Britney isn't receiving the credit she deserves with this album.  It's full of fantastic, catchy pop music that no one else can duplicate, period!  If you have something against her, that's fine but going out of your way to bash and ridicule her is just pathetic and sad!  Those who have actually listened to this album and have an open mind will realize how great it is!  It contains many different styles of music and every track is good.  I have never listened to a pop album as good as this one and I doubt I will again, unless it comes from Britney.   Don't buy into the hatred and pick this album up without hesitation!
6305428220|5.0|If you're gonna rip off a classic like INVASION OF BODY SNATCHERS or PUPPET MASTERS, at least do it right...Robert Rodriguez did it right with this stylish and visceral thriller.  Blessed with a very talented young cast and some venerable artists, THE FACULTY is fun, furious and frightening.  There are some unexpected plot twists, and the terror of being \\"changed\\" ever prominent.<br />The best performances:  Piper Laurie, fiercely understated; Shawn Hotosy (an intelligent and sensitive jock); Clea DuVall (Gothicly gorgeous); Robert Patrick (what a manly coach!); and Elijah Wood (destined to become the lord of the rings).<br />The good performances:  Bebe Neuwirth as the red-taped principal; Josh Hartnett as the dropout back to save the day; and Famke Janssen as the sex-deprived teacher who does a remarkable makeover once possessed.  Laura Harris (The Calling) is okay, but not great, in her role as newcomer Mary Beth.<br />The movie moves well and has some high moments of comedy, to boot.  Credit to screenwriter Kevin Williamson for this delightfully different, if derivative, horror.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I have to say I never expected to like this album or anything from Britney for that matter, but I was very pleasantly surprised.  A friend of mine had been raving about it and finally had me listen to it.  Once I did, I was instantly hooked!  I'm amazed at the quality of every song, especially gems like Toxic &amp; Touch of My Hand.  With this album, I definitely have a newfound respect for Britney because she's clearly in control of her career and knows what works for her.  She's not trying to turn her back on the past, she's simply growing as an artist and perfecting her style.  If you give this album a chance, I guarantee you'll be impressed!  There's truly something for everyone, even me, which I never expected.  I'm normally not a big fan of pop music, but this album has made reconsider.  Props to Britney for such a fantastic piece of music!
B000127LW2|4.0|I admit, &quot;Voyager&quot; is not the best of all the shows, but it has merit. It is different from the others in many ways. Think of &quot;Star Trek meets Lost in Space&quot;. Considering &quot;Lost in Space&quot; was a bit corny, I think this one has accomplished a lot.<br />About the DVD set in particular, I proudly own the entire ST:TNG set as well as ST:DS9 set and have seen the evolution of the sets as they have progressed. TNG set uses a lot of cardboard and is very cumbersome to open. You have to spread the box open to select a disc. Also, the cardboard quickly shows signs of wear around the edges. I think the packaging for DS9 is more futuristic looking. It is a similar package as that for the Voyager set, but it has added flaps that also makes it a bit cumbersome to open. The way I see it, the packaging has been evolving to make it easier for the customers. Voyager is easy to open, it is not cardboard and it has a very futuristic look to it. I like it. Granted, the individual discs are not labeled with photograpic images like the DS9 ones, but TNG did not either and what matters is what's inside. I like the menu system and the shows look great. I love to be able to see them back to back and without commercial interruptions. I also like that the chapters are divided a lot better than in the previous series. For example, there is a new chapter right after the opening titles. This allows you to skip immediately from the end of the teaser to the beginning of the show skipping the opening titles if you wish.<br />The first season is shorter than the rest and apparently all will cost about the same, but to a true fan, this is not enough to prevent the purchase. I still think it is worth it.
B00005JMEW|1.0|Definitively this picture is overrated. The story is simple, nothing special, maybe a 8 year old boy would make it more spectacular, the film develops as a video game, a little bit enjoyable, not serious, i was very dissapointed.
B00018D44U|2.0|This disc could be fine entertainment if one could listen through the awful distortion to appreciate the performance.   Appears Ms. Jones and her success has gone the way of all good things to create a market for Norah Jones, not her (abundant) talent...a shame and a poor reflection on Blue Note, I'm sorry to say. It's very disappointing! Let's hope they wise up and remaster/reissue this CD at a quality we should expect.
0684857219|5.0|I've read this book and it's no less than what it is called, an encyclopedia of bodybuilding. The book teaches you everything you need to know and I mean EVERYTHING! I strongly erge everyone to buy this book.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman is at the top of her game in this album. Her soprano voice is stirring in the classical numbers and her breathy pop is a nice complement. No doubt there are those who do not take to Brightman's eclectic blend of generes and her tendancy to sing any type of music. But one should not dismiss her obvious talent (though many do. Far too many reviews falsely berate her voice, as &quot;small, weak, shrill, emotionless, and pale&quot; when in fact it is sweet, soothing, crystalline, and versatile). <BR>  This is a C. D. that not only every Sarah Brightman fan should own, but every sincere lover of music as well.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|I had only heard &quot;Hysteria&quot; before I bought this album.  I had no idea it would be this great.  Best music I've heard in a long long time.
B00009Z574|5.0|it just came out at the wrong time. true, much of the material is unorthodox even for yes standards, but this disc does include some classics. on the silent wings of freedom and release, release are both excellent songs on par with yes's previous work. some others don't fare quite as well, but this disc is still very much worth it. still, i really can't figure out what was going through jon's head when he wrote circus of heaven.
0790729350|4.0|The original Woodstock without a doubt is the most important musical event of all time. After Woodstock, many festivals have tried in vain to copy this event, some of them have had a very good quality, but none has been as important as Woodstock. So this outstanding event deserved a high quality documentary, and Michael Wadleigh made the best rockumentary \\"Woodstock: Three Days of Peace &amp; Music\\".<br />One of the best things that can be found on this Rockumentary, is the close attention to the details: we can see how the young people in 1969 were, their ideology, their habits and their way to dress (or undress). Michael Wadleigh also did that all the event details were recorded by his army of camera men: the concert organizers, the portable bathrooms used in the concert, the thoughts and commentaries made by the neighbors and owners of the nearby stores, the mud baths, the use of illegal substances, the rain delay, the nudity, etc.<br />But the most interesting thing in the Rockumentary without a doubt are the performers in Woodstock: Jimi Hendrix, Santana, The Who, Canned Heat, Jefferson Airplane, Joe Cocker, among many others. Some performances are amazing, other performances are very eccentric, and in other performances the use of illegal substances is really obvious, but overall most of the performances are very good.<br />\\"Woodstock: Three Days of Peace &amp; Music\\" is the best Rockumentary of all time, and also it's one of the best Documentaries overall. If you are a music fan, this is an essential video.
0689859368|5.0|My daughter is 8 and likes the Harry Potter movies but finds the books too long to read so I bought her these books. Once we opened the Field Guide, we couldn't put it down. We read through the whole book in about an hour. It has an exciting, sit on the edge of your seat plot. She immediately started the second book the very next day. The only thing that I am disappointed in is that there are only 5 and we'll be through them within a week. A great tale of faeries (as they spell it), goblins, brownies and boggarts as their called. The authors do a great job of creating imagery in their descriptions of the creepy house and all its spooky rooms. Fantastic pictures as well.
B00009TB5G|5.0|This extnded release of this series is by far better than its theatrical release. I loved every second of it. It was well worth the time.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|This CD is excellent if I could I would give it 10 stars because it is perfect. You can listen straight through it without skipping any songs.  I love every song on here even the interludes.  My top favorite songs are: YOU DON'T KNOW MY NAME, IF I AIN'T GOT YOU, DIARY, WAKE UP, IF I WAS YOUR WOMAN. Alicia should get some awards next year for this album.
B0000CFW87|3.0|this cd isn't good,his 1st cd is better than this,i love his 1st cd so that the reason 4me to think&amp;bought this album,but then i was really dissapointed!!!!!!<BR>    he had the best male vocal in the world,strong,powerful,he's very talented.......i loved &quot;my confession&quot;,it really good,my mother like this song too much.......&amp; Perte is the next good song in this cd!!!!!!<BR>    ok,it just my opinoin but if you want to have more best music,you should but his 1st cd!!!!!
B000055Y0X|5.0|Hilarious - I never knew nuclear war could be so funny.
0671799320|5.0|I can't use anything but superlatives for this tome. As soon as I finished it I started again. Yergin, now the president of the VERY influential private energy group CERA does an outstanding job of researching and explaining the major energy trends in the history of oil. A herculean task.... Yergin knocks it out of the park. A MUST READ.
B0000942HV|4.0|I think that this Mike Oldfield's CD is okay, but it looks like he repaeted his work form 30 years.<BR>I think it's not bad because I love Tubular Bells (the first one) I recommend also Mike Oldfield's TR3S LUNAS (a kind of music what I like) Voyager isn't bad too.
B00000IBDY|4.0|Tomorrow only existed as a band for a short while. This CD together with the Keith West CD &quot;Excerpts from Groups and Sessions&quot;, pretty much covers what recorded material Tomorrow did.<br />The CD contains their 1968 Parlophone album + 11 bonus tracks.<br />The music is typical British 1960`s psychedelic style; somewhere between Pink Floyd, Traffic or Pretty Things. Most of the songs catchy and melodic, featuring great guitar parts by Stewe Howe.<br />Their career as a band was more or less spoiled by the success of singer Keith West as a solo artist with his &quot;Teenage Opera&quot; project.<br />The original album contains their &quot;minor&quot; hit single &quot;My White Bicycle&quot; which is probably the one track that most people will remember.<br />There are other highlights as well. &quot;Real Life Permanent Dream&quot; is a great song featuring cithar. Most of the original album is actually pretty strong.<br />Among the bonus tracks &quot;Claramount Lake&quot; , the Byrds cover &quot;Why&quot; and the album outtake &quot;Now Your Time Has Come&quot; stand out! This song is a bit of mystery, having the same title as one of the original album tracks. This song is obviously much stronger, so some kind of mistake may have been made when the album was finished.<br />The last 7 bonus tracks are not Tomorrow. 3 are by drummer Twink and bassist john Adler`s band &quot;The Aquarian Age&quot; . 4 are Keith West solo recordings; among which &quot;On a Saturday&quot; is quite a good song.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|\\"Lost in Translation\\" joins the rank of surreal films that depict life and emotions with such understated fluidity that they fall short of satiating typical Hollywoodesque tastes. \\"About Schmidt\\" was one. Coen brothers' \\"The Man Who Wasn't There\\" was another.<br /><br />There is little I can add to all the other reviews already here, but I'll focus on addressing the various misconceptions that all the encomium surrounding this minimalistic gem from Sophia Coppola (with the usual baggage of expectations) has given rise to:<br /><br />(1) SHOWS JAPAN IN A POOR LIGHT, OR POKES FUN AT THE CULTURE<br />No it doesn't. That sounds like a boorish remark from people who stopped by Tokyo for a couple of days, had Ramen at Ginza and Toro at Shimbashi, sipped a double Latte at Shibuya's Starbucks, and assumed that they had discovered Japanese culture. I still have to see a more accurate rendition of Tokyo's true day-to-day existence than this movie, apart from Tom Selleck's \\"Baseball\\" a few years back. Yes, the real Tokyo does have mispronounciations of words like \\"Flight\\" (as in, \\"Have a good fright\\".) Yes, real translators shorten a good deal of Japanese when interpreting as long as the message is communicated. Most of my Japanese friends would simply laugh along when told of such common trivia. This movie is as much a caricature of Japanese culture as \\"Patton\\" or \\"Sex and the City\\" are of American culture. (P.S. Murray's character also has a pretty funny remark in the film in answer to the question, \\"Why do Japanese interchange their Rs and Ls?\\"). The film is mis-sold as being a movie about Japan, the cultural takes are comic garnish, not elemental to the romantic plot.<br /><br />(2) IT IS A MEANINGLESS DRAWL, PACED VERY SLOW<br />Sure, if you have the attention span of a rodent in a cheese store. I found the flow of the movie very pleasing, but then I am guilty of enjoying the likes of \\"About Schmidt\\" as well. It's a simple, beautiful, efficient story that is completely and utterly engrossing, with economy of cinematography. It is also just a shade over 90 minutes long, making it quite short in comparison to typical movies of today. But in that short span of time, you experience a dampening feeling of entrapment, a sense of longing (and belonging), you are privy to the story of two people who are lost spiritually, emotionally, and physically.<br /><br />(3) TRIES TO BE ARTSY AND FAILS<br />Was it artsy? I am not sure. I surely did not feel that it was pretentious. Why can film not mirror our lives and experiences without shocking or over-embelishing, and still be looked at as a remarkable and moving artform? There is a lot in the movie that perhaps may not hit a nerve with people who expect to be hit on the head with meaning. For instance, there is an overhead shot when the two protagonists were in one of their hotel rooms, in bed talking, fully clothed, he is on his back staring at the ceiling, she is on her side, eyes probably closed, the tips of her feet barely touching the side of his leg, and he moves his hand and puts it on her feet. Then the scene fades to black. It is the kind of tender, non-sexual touch that tells us how close they have become, and that theirs is a relationship of mutual trust and admiration, not one necessarily of lust. I guess this is not for everyone to appreciate.<br /><br />(4) NOT THE USUAL FUNNY CAMEO FROM BILL MURRAY<br />Negative. I found Bill Murray to be extremely hilarious in this movie, and while this may sound arrogant, he is funny in a \\"mature\\" sort of a way. Like a man who doesn't have to try too hard. In fact, one thing that hits you about Coppola's direction is the honesty in the story telling. You will feel the utter frustration that Murray's character must have felt trying to make sense of a photographer giving directions with pidgin English, for instance.<br /><br />(5) IT'S NOT ABOUT ROMANCE<br />Perhaps Titanic was then. The chemistry between the two lead characters in Lost in Translation is very moving, I'd even say it is one of the most wistful, effortless and understanding romances I have seen in a long time in film, the variety only the ilk of Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thomson could evoke in an Merchant Ivory production. The very fact that these two characters find themselves groping in the middle of an alien culture brings them together and brings to the surface their similarities -- not only as people, but their similar station in life.<br /><br />(6) THERE'S NO PLOT!<br />Right, there isn't. That's the point. I could sit here for an hour and enlist stunning movies that did not pander to an audience that necessarily needs a \\"plot.\\" It's about a life-changing week in the lives of two people, simple as that. This may or may not work for you.<br /><br />(7) IT'S ALL ABOUT COPPOLA / FEMALE DIRECTOR / ETC.<br />This one is the most inane. Let's talk of the film on its merit, leaving all the heritage behind. I didn't care much about The Virgin Suicides, but I have now come to admire Sophia's talents at synthesizing visual, spatial, and sonic impressions. Oodles for film students to learn from!<br /><br />I adore this glorious masterpiece, and highly recommend it --<br /><br />(1) If you're not expecting a pedestrian American Pie style comedy with situational goofs and gaffes<br />(2) If you enjoy a fluid screenplay, like About Schmidt or Royal Tenenbaums<br />(3) If you want to know the day to day life in Japan, not cultural stereotypes strewn about by populist productions like The Last Samurai<br />(4) If you relish unspoken romances like \\"Remains of the Day\\", \\"A Room with a View\\", \\"One True Thing\\", \\"The Road Home\\"<br />(5) If you, like me, understand why the title is so wickedly clever. It's not just the meaning of language that is \\"lost in translation.\\" It is a simple, pithy statement that beautifully captures the essence of everything that we struggle to \\"find\\"<br /><br />This DVD belongs in any self-respecting library.ion is very moving, I'd even say it is one of the most wistful, effortless and understanding romances I have seen in a long time in film, the variety only the ilk of Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thomson could evoke in an Merchant Ivory production. The very fact that these two characters find themselves groping in the middle of an alien culture brings them together and brings to the surface their similarities -- not only as people, but their similar station in life.<br /><br />(6) THERE'S NO PLOT!<br />Right, there isn't. That's the point. I could sit here for an hour and enlist stunning movies that did not pander to an audience that necessarily needs a \\"plot.\\" It's about a life-changing week in the lives of two people, simple as that. This may or may not work for you.<br /><br />(7) IT'S ALL ABOUT COPPOLA / FEMALE DIRECTOR / ETC.<br />This one is the most inane. Let's talk of the film on its merit, leaving all the heritage behind. I didn't care much about The Virgin Suicides, but I have now come to admire Sophia's talents at synthesizing visual, spatial, and sonic impressions. Oodles for film students to learn from!<br /><br />I adore this glorious masterpiece, and highly recommend it --<br /><br />(1) If you're not expecting a pedestrian American Pie style comedy with situational goofs and gaffes<br />(2) If you enjoy a fluid screenplay, like About Schmidt or Royal Tenenbaums<br />(3) If you want to know the day to day life in Japan, not cultural stereotypes strewn about by populist productions like The Last Samurai<br />(4) If you relish unspoken romances like \\"Remains of the Day\\", \\"A Room with a View\\", \\"One True Thing\\", \\"The Road Home\\"<br />(5) If you, like me, understand why the title is so wickedly clever. It's not just the meaning of language that is \\"lost in translation.\\" It is a simple, pithy statement that beautifully captures the essence of everything that we struggle to \\"find\\"<br /><br />This DVD belongs in any self-respecting library.
B0000UJL96|5.0|Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country has probably the best plot of all the Star Trek films. It was criticized at the time for seeming to copy the real life fall of the Soviet Union. However, the intention was only to link events of the end of the original series to Star Trek: The Next Generation. The film is full of suspense and the cast at some of their best performances. I first watched this movie just out of boredom, but was pleasantly surprised. It made this former Star Trek hater into an instant fan.
0553801546|5.0|First, this is one of absolute best fantasy series in recent times. If you haven't read the whole series, buy it immediately, you won't be disappointed. The more I've read the series, the more I've enjoyed it (I've probably read it three times now and I don't tend to re-read many books). <br />I mostly agree with what the other reviewers have said, except that despite what the author claims and many reviewers believe, it seems obvious to me that she plans to continue the series (maybe she just wants some time off without being hounded by readers). There are still a bunch of loose ends if you read closely (say three times). The books seems to have a &quot;this is it&quot; feel, until you consider that SkillMasters typically lived for several hundred years.
B000000W5N|5.0|&quot;Take me down little suzzie take me down!&quot;<br />I used to hate the stones...I am obsessed now thanks in large part to this lovely album. Every single song on this album is a rock masterpiece. Seriously a rock masterpiece. Buy this piece of quality musicianship and you won't feel let down.
B00005JMNA|5.0|Set in the late 1950s against a lush Cuban backdrop, \\"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights\\" follows the story of Katey, a young and socially awkward American who moves to Havana, which teeters on the edge of Castro's revolution. Amidst country clubs, pool-side cattiness from socialites, and adjusting to her new life, she meets Javier Suarez, a waiter with a passion for dancing and the sole responsibilty of providing for his large family. Immediately drawn to Javier and the world he represents, Katey persuades him to be her partner in the prestigious dance contest at the Palace Hotel. Soon, Katey visits the local club \\"La Rosa Negra\\" with him and experiences a side of life and herself that she has never seen before; stealing away day and night to explore both the city and the relationship that they begin to form. As their attraction builds and the contest nears, they both must overcome their fears to dance in the perfect sensual harmony, unknowing that a volcano of revolutionary violence on Havana's streets is about to erupt.<br />As the fresh-faced Katey, Romola Garai (previously seen in the British hit \\"I Capture The Castle\\") brings innocense to the screen, as well as a hindered sensuality that she must discover. As young Javier, Diego Luna (most memorable in \\"Y Tu Mama Tambien\\") is a new, smoldering presence in film, with the perfect mix of sex appeal and a frivolous, almost childlike appearance. Although their characters suffer through some awkwardness due to corny bits in the script, Garai and Luna have remarkable chemistry on film. <br />The backbone to this movie however, is the soundtrack and the dancing, both of which are truly spectacular. It is remarkable to note that neither Luna nor Garai had any dancing training before shooting, as their natural ease makes the choreography irresistable, sensual, and delicious to watch. The soundtrack, with sexy Cuban beats mixed with hip-hop from Wyclef Jean and Mya among others provide a toe-tapping setting, which enhances theexperience for the audience.<br />Although some moments are cliched, corny lines are delivered, and the plot can be predictable, \\"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights\\" offers so much, that those things can easily be overlooked. From the chemistry onscreen, to the amazing dancing and soundtrack, and the costumes and sets, it creates an entire world of sensuality and personality, that it will delight every moveigoer.
B00005JLF5|5.0|ds9 season 1 is the beginning of in my opinion the best startrek series. No other series was as complex so it was hard to get tired of it because there are so many things going on and things that happen in one season a lot of times come back around in a later season.  The non starfleet cast is what set it apart and a great captain.  No other series had as many non starfleet charecters that were vital throughout the series.  From the ferengis to cardassians to klingons and dominion, you learned more about these races than in any other series.  You got to see things from their perspectives at times.  And section 31 was very cool. I recommend the entire series on dvd.
B000003RCY|5.0|i was introduced to rammstein like many others through their 1998 radio hit du hast.  i, as many others liked it, but quickly became annoyed with the repetitous playings of it on the radio.  after getting sehnsucht i didnt imediately fall in love with the band, however after a few playings of the entire cd, i became a major fan, and soon picked up herzeleid.  It took a couple playings as with sehnsucht, but soon i liked herzeleid best.  i have been a &quot;stein&quot; fan for many years and recommend this cd to any metal fan.  give this music a chance, u will soon be addicted.  my favorite songs on this cd are wollt ihr..., asche, du riechst, laichzeit, rammstein, hell, they are all good, but those my absolute favorite.  GET THIS CD YO!!!
0679311718|5.0|I must admit...I only bought this book because it was rated a Bestseller up here in Canada.  Before I read it, I had no idea there was a genocide in Rwanda.  Goes to show you how little the news media bothered to play up what was REALLY going on.  Makes you wonder just HOW MUCH control the governments of the western world really have over the media.<br />After I had finished reading the Introduction, I was captured and read the book within 4 days.  Gives an excellent account as to not only what was going on politically within the country leading up to and during the genocide..but also the back and forth banter that this UN Force Commander had to endure from the governments of the world who could have at any time stopped this tragedy from happening.<br />My heart goes out to Mr.Dallaire and everyone who had to witness the genocide of 1994.  What courageous and determined human beings they are.  Not only is this book an eye opener about the problems humanity faces, it also stands to remind you that there are still people in this world, willing to stand up for what they believe in and try to make a difference, no matter how small.<br />This is a must read!!!
B0001AP12G|5.0|This is the FIRST rap CD I have ever listened to from beginning to end without skipping a song or an interlude (even those are hilarious). Nice lyrics, nice delivery, tight beats, great guest appearances. To put it simply, this a good buy for a hip hop fan.
B000003KCU|5.0|I liked this movie and still do! I just wish Hollywood or whoever is in charge to release all the hard to find 80's classic's on Dvd I'm talkin about Explorers, Flight Of The Navigator,Escape From And To Whitch Mountain Freaky Friday late 70's but it was a classic from Disney! I got Tron Cool movie as well I have quite a few Dvds from the 80's accept not all of them I'm looking also for the Cartoon's from the 80's KIDD VIDEO,THE SMURFS,GALAXY HIGH,SPACE COWBOYS,Master Of The Universe! My Sister (Whos older then me) would like to Find My Little Pony And StrawBerry ShortCake And Star Bright the Care Bears As Well! Well Gi Joe Season (1) Is out now at Best Buy And WalMart! but I think its time they release all the 80's Cartoons before I grow Old! And the hard to find **Awsome 80's Movies!
B00003CXPJ|1.0|What is wrong with all you people who think this movie is so great and funny? it's the stupidest damn thing i've ever seen! to those of you who haven't seen it, do yourself a favor, and don't waste your time or money. it's totally lame...........
B00005JKJA|3.0|David Lynch has crafted a very clever thriller that's so unusually sequenced that you are thoroughly confused at the end of watching the film.  The DVD has minimal bonus material and no commentary.  It does provide some clues in the DVD liner to help you figure out what the meaning of everything in the movie is and the sequence of what actually happened.  This is a truly challenging thriller that has a lot of darkness and foreboding.  There are some lesbian sex scenes and a very impressive performance by Naomi Watts (not just in the erotic scenes), with some interesting appearances by some veteran performers and even the musical composer who has collaborated with Lynch for many years.  One key to the film has to do with the club silencio scene, which brings the dream/fantasy of the preceding portion of the movie to a close.  This is a movie that is frustrating until you figure out the story.  It would have been better if the DVD had contained a director explanation of the story.
B000005ALN|5.0|George Michael has got it goin' on with this album.  Interesting lyrics, a large variety of instruments/arrangements and you'd never know he was part of Wham! long ago.  I think I like this slightly better than Faith, seriously.  Good stuff.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It will be missed.  The DVD set gives you a lot of things we didn't get on fox - shows in order, lots of behind the scenes, etc.  If you liked the show, you should own this.
B000089RVR|5.0|I often like to surf around on amazon.com and see what other people think of CDs I already own.  I was very surprised to see that I am the very first person to review Dido's album \\"Life for Rent\\".  How can such a high profile and talented artist not have ANY reviews?  Well, I just had to put my two cents in about this album so that other Dido fans can have an idea of what this CD is like.<br />I bought Dido's first album (\\"No Angel\\") before the flurry of interest in her.  It was before she had collaborated with Eminem and before she became a somewhat-household name.  I bought it on a whim at a record store after listening to it on one of those sample-headset things.  I loved the sound of her smoky voice and I was very interested in the texture of the album.  It didn't have a feeling like anything else I had ever heard. <br />Because I loved her first album so much, I was very excited about the release of her second album.  When it finally came out, I picked up a copy and I was not diappointed.  I like \\"Life for Rent\\" even more than I like \\"No Angel\\".  Again, it has a feeling unlike any other album out there.  Dido combines trip-pop beats with soaring, clear vocals to make a sound all her own.  <br />1. White Flag (5/5)- This is my favorite Dido song.  It starts off with an orchestral introduction mixed with choppy drums and then it cuts into Dido's eloquent vocals.  The chorus is brilliant and catchy.<BR>2. Stoned (3/5)- A dark song with a very dramatic sound to it.<br />3. Life for Rent (5/5)- Another one of my favorites.  Dido sounds beautiful on this song and the lyrics are great.<BR>4. Mary's in India (4/5)- The words are the centerpoint of this song, not the music.  It tells a sad tale that really paints a picture for you.<BR>5. See You When You're 40 (5/5)- This song has a very nice melody and it is intensely interesting to listen to every time.<BR>6. Don't Leave Home (5/5)- I love this song!  I always find myself singing it, and that's a good thing.<BR>7. WhoMakes You Feel (5/5)- This song is really sexy.  It has a dark melody and is sort of, etheral.<BR>8. Sand in My Shoes (4/5)- This is Dido at her most poppy.  Still a good song, though.<BR>9. Do You Have a Little Time (5/5)- It wasn't until I reviewed this album that I realized how dark it is!  This is another song with a very deep and moody melody.  Beautiful.<BR>10. This Land is Mine (5/5)- This song has a happy and sweet feeling about it.  I especially like it.<BR>11. See the Sun (5/5)- A great way to end the album.  After all of those dark songs, this has a relly nice, bright message that makes you feel comfy.<br />This is a great CD and a welcome addition to anyone's collection.  Its like a soft, warm blanket you can wrap up in.  I encourage you to buy it.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|Controversy has surrounded Let It Be since the Phil Spector-produced version hit record stores. John and George loved it, Paul hated it, and Ringo's opinion is kinda unknown, really. With the earlier Glyns Johns version running around as a bootleg (which I've never heard, truth be told), the Get Back film, and the final Beatles Anthology thrown into the mix, you've got an album that's been studied and analyzed almost as much as Sgt. Pepper and the White Album have put together.<br />So, enter 2003. The original, pre-Spector tracks have been found, and Let It Be gets re-done. But is it really the disc that should have come out in 1970? Simply put, no. The omitted chatter, while certainly fitting for, say, a greatest hits release, was kind of the point of the Get Back sessions (as were the two sillier songs on the old CD but not here). As for the title track....well, I'm biased. &quot;Let It Be&quot; was the song that turned me on to The Beatles, so I'm all for the Spector version. And there's no doubt in my mind that &quot;I Me Mine&quot; and &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; sound far better on the 1970 platter than they do here. As for &quot;Across the Universe&quot;, I'm torn between the two. The bonus disc is basically a waste given the reams of footage and music there is out there releated to the documentary.<br />So, the final question isn't whether or not you're going to buy the Paul-ized version of Let It Be, but whether or not you're going to like it more than the original. I, however, am certainly not tossing out my copy of the original.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|Musical artistry.  A tremendously stirring and emotional work.<BR>This is beautiful.
B00009W0U4|1.0|Exploiting a rape scene for fame is more than disgusting.<br />What put me most off in this film, was not its violence, but the self serving aim of its financial beneficiaries, namely Noe and Bellucci. <br />That's the bottom line of the whole film, because there is neither an underlying story nor a glimpse of a message/meaning (!!and for sure nothing philosophical!!) to the whole film. Hence the extremly long focus on violence and nudity is used purely gratuitous. <br />Moreover, waving the camera around in an attempt at avant garde technique, doesn't make up for a missing plot.
B00005JLYW|1.0|I saw Charlie's Angels - Full Throttle expecting a bad movie, and that's what I got.  Even with low expectations going in, I was disappointed, and didn't finish watching it.
B000000W5L|5.0|PLEAS, DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR AND BUY THIS MASTERPIECE! PROBABLY THE BEST ALBUM OF ALL-TIME! NEVER EVER BUY NEVERMIND FROM NIRNAVA, BECAUSE IT IS HORRIBLE! THIS IS THE ONE FOR WHO DO LOVE ROCK AND ROLL MUSIC! THE BEST! &quot;TUMBLIG DICE&quot; IS ONE OF THE BEST SONGS EVER WRITTEN! &quot;RIP THIS JOINT&quot;, &quot;ROCKS OFF&quot;, &quot;HAPPY&quot; ARE AWESOME AND MIND BLOWING!
B00018HU4U|4.0|Another enjoyable music experience from Norah Jones.<br />Unfortunately EMI has choosen to release this media using \\"Copy Control\\" technology. While I don't condon music piracy, I don't agree with EMI on using \\"Copy Control\\" technology on this disc. From their back cover information, \\"On some equipment, for example car CD players playback problems may be encountered.\\" They have more details at [...] Buyer beware!
B000092Q4U|4.0|i was reading a magazine the other day and saw that lamb of god was their pick for the best cd of 2003. so i decided to pick it up and it is a very good cd every song is hard hitting and to the point just heavy as they can get. this is a cd for metal fans.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Bill Murray is a comic genius. What you may not know is that he can actually act too. Here, Bob (Murray) is a former action star who is reduced to shilling whiskey in Japan. His marriage is on the rocks. And, he's basically miserable.<br />Much the same can be said for Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson). Her photographer hubby is running around Japan snapping rockers while she waits in the hotel room.<br />Bob and Charlotte happen across each other one day and suddenly their state of walking wounded has a buddy. Soon, they are spending every moment together. A friendship is bourne out of their loneliness and despiration.<br />While the movie seems to take itself too seriously at times. Probably due to writer/director Sofia Coppola being in love with her own vision. It manages to get through to us that these are good people who just need someone to understand them.<br />If you're expecting Bill Murray to mug for you, there is a little of it, but for the most part he is mannered and restrained as he should be given the material.<br />One curious aspect of this film that I didn't notice until the second viewing, director Coppola seems to be in love with Japan and the culture. Yet her characters clearly are not. It's an interesting curveball in this comic drama.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I loved this film. Watched it twice in 24 hours. Understated acting makes this brilliantly-acted. Highly recommended. I won't go into details of what it was about since so many have already said as much. There is one sequence of nudity (at a strip club) but other than that, nothing I found offensive. And, yes, you DO keep waiting to see if their relationship gets sexual...and I am glad it didn't. The tension between them unfulfilled makes it all the more bittersweet.
B000002H70|4.0|i like the stuff released before this album, such as FAITH or A HEAD AT THE DOOR...but this one is still good too, the cure just seems to get mellower,and less interesting as their career went on.<br />whoever is reading is proably thinkin im nuts cuz i would choose Faith or A head at the door instead of this 'classic', but its true
0385504209|2.0|This novel has deals with a number of fascinating subjects: cryptography, art history, history of the Christian Church, among many others. However, Brown has packed WAY too much into this novel, including a stereotypical Hollywood-structured race-against-time, to treat any one of these subjects with any seriousness.<br />The character development beyond the two protagonists is very shallow at best, and even they are not rendered fully except as superheros who don't tire, don't make mistakes, and even acheive superhuman leaps of logic at 3am. The believability of this work goes out the window after about 100 pages, but you're committed by then, so you might as well finish it, as long as you can hold your nose to the outrageous, flawed finale.<br />Clearly, Brown writes in a formula for the masses, meaning he boils things down to a high-school level of education and trite plot tricks for this piece of &quot;entertainment.&quot; For example, he &quot;hides&quot; the &quot;answer&quot; deduced by characters from the reader until later chapters, but two paragraphs earlier, we were inside the characters head! A cheap suspence mechanism. Brown could have done so much more and written with much more sophistication and realism. The mere fact that 99% of the book occurs within 24 hours (minus the thin, awkward &quot;flashbacks&quot;) undermines the sense of reality Brown attempts to create.<br />Clearly, this will become a film and will do as well as the John Grisham novels-turned-movies. Nothing spectacular, yet so many will continue to shell out cash to this author via Century theaters. Oh well.
B00008EYA5|4.0|This falls directly into being a fun &quot;popcorn&quot; movie. Director Clark Johnson, the man who gave that edgy handheld feel to &quot;The Shield,&quot; goes for slick action here and hits the mark.<br />It's always risky to rehash &quot;beloved&quot; television shows. Especially when they weren't really beloved, and were more like a blip on the TV radar years ago.<br />Samuel L. Jackson and Colin Farrell bring the right amount of testosterone to their roles. Josh Charles (Sports Night) is well cast as their partner with a secret. In fact, an overall strong cast.<br />This is not a thinkers movie though. Infact, if you think too much, you'll have it figured out long before the final reel. But, if you sit back, relax and enjoy, it's a good solid film.
B0000C1733|5.0|California brats Red Hot Chili Peppers look back at a history that is extraordinary and list it on one CD. The music that has infiltrated every dormitory for the past decade is now present on this album that spans the band's history since their grand `Under the Bridge' to their most recent `Fortune Faded.' The Californication era is present in full force, there is not one track that fails to amuse.<br />There are some tracks that are not on the collection like `The Zypher Song' and `Aeroplane,' which makes the collections somehow incomplete. But once you listen to `Trippin' or `Scar Tissue' you are rescued by the melodies.
B000066NW0|1.0|Avril has got to be the most poser-iest person ive heard of, and i know she would be classified as pop (though she probably thinks she is death metal or *gasp* punk),but she cant even do the pop thing right. she needs to learn how to sing, have good music/lyrics to go along with it and stop bein' such a freakin' jerk...maybe i could sleep better if i covered this cd with bleach and acid....or use it as a defense weapon that i could throw at sad avril loving souls and hit them in the jugular with <br />{i know poser-iest isnt a word}
0783225881|5.0|Ray Kinsella ( Kevin Costner) loves baseball, and lives on a farm in Iowa. One day while he is working out in the cornfield, he hears the words &quot;If you build it, they will come.&quot; This inspires Ray to build a baseball field in the middle of his cornfield. His wife Annie ( Amy Madigan) supports him. But the mission does not stop with building the field. Ray is given more signs that tell him to seek out reclusive novelist ( James Earl Jones), and a player that sacrificed his dream of playing baseball, to be a doctor (Burt Lanchaster). However his persistance is rewarded, when spirits from baseball's past, which include the legendary Shoeless Joe Jackson ( Ray Liotta), start to appear on the field and play games amonsgt themselves. <br />&quot;Field of Dreams&quot; is one of my favorite movies. The film succeeds on so many levels. The script is absolutely flawless. It features a wonderful mix of baseball, the relationship between father and son, determination, and the undying power of love. The cast is first rate. Kevin Costner, James Earl Jones, Amy Madigan, Burt Lancaster, Ray Liotta, and Timothy Busfield are all spectacular in their roles and really bring the story to life. In all of the films I have seen, the score to &quot;Field of Dreams&quot; is one of the most beautiful and powerful scores I have ever heard. The baseball action in this film is extremely fun to watch. I love how spirits from baseball's past are used, which symbolizes that the magic of baseball will never die. That was a stroke of genius! Director Phil Alden Robinson managed to actually stay historically accurate to all of the players as well. The way Ray Liotta is able to immitate Shoeless Joe Jackson down to the last detail of his playing style is amazing. One of the best features is that the film is set in Iowa. This provided for the corn field which adds a sense of magic to the film. Watching the players dissapear as they walk into the cornfield is breathtaking. But the most memorable thing about the movie without a doubt is the ending. It has to be one of the most touching and memorable endings ever captured on film. <br />The DVD is a treat on its own. You get commentary by director Phil Alden Robinson and cinematographer John Lindley, a &quot;Field of Dreams&quot; video scrapbook featuring new interviews with cast and crew, behind-the-scenes footage, and MORE! This is definately a must own film for anyone's DVD collection. <br />&quot;America has been erased like a blackboard, rebuilt, and then erased again. But baseball has marked the times.&quot; - James Earl Jones
B00005JMEW|5.0|One thing that can be said for Quentin Tarrantino, he is committed to his vision. \\"Kill Bill, Volume One,\\" his fourth feature length film shows that commitment. From the very beginning, QT lets you know that this movie has it's roots in '60s chop-socky cinema. When you hear the themes from \\"Ironside\\" and \\"The Green Hornet,\\" you know this is going to be very different. When he starts quoting \\"Ancient Klingon Proverbs,\\" you know it's not to be taken seriously.<br />Uma Thurman is \\"The Bride.\\" A woman left for dead on her wedding day, along with the rest of the wedding party. When she awakens from a coma four years later, revenge for the day in question is her goal.<br />While this is filled with primarily cartoon violence, it is a bloodbath of cartoon violence. It never really stoops to gory. However, it is relentless in it's pursuit of another limb to vanquish. If you're squeemish about such things stay home. Otherwise, enjoy the twisted genius that is Quentin Tarrantino.<br />It took a couple of weeks after seeing the film initially to decide I liked it. But once that was set in my mind, I determined that it was great.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|You can say whatever you want about Avenged Sevenfold, but it's undeniable that they brought some sort of a fresh sound to the metalcore genre. With the release of their first cd, Sounding The Seventh Trumpet, Avenged Sevenfold proved they were capable of not only killer metal riffing, but also beautiful melodies and softer songs infused with a refreshing punk sound. At only 18 years of age, the band showed the world that they knew what they were doing and that they did it well.<br /><br />Then Waking The Fallen was released, and it only went on to further the sound and the broken ground that they established with STST and expanded on some of the things they did so well, mainly the melodies that the band was capable of. Yes, WTF is a bit different and features much more clean singing than STST, but it also brought to the metal genre a band that knew music and that knew how to infuse brutality with beauty, in a strange beauty-and-the-best sort of way.<br /><br />One thing A7X has never been short of is atmospheric opening tracks. While WTF was the last of their albums thus far to feature a short opening track, they establish what they wanted the album to feel like with the title track before breaking into the unforgettable Unholy Confessions, the first single from the album. The song was fresh and felt like a band truly coming into their own. While all of the metalcore features disappeared with the release of City Of Evil, WTF had a vibe to it that this band knew this kicked ass and they kicked it good. The lyrics are something that most people can relate to, as 99% of human beings have had their hearts broken at one point in time, and the differentiation that Matt Shadows uses in the vocals adds a layer of texture and mood that I have not found in any other metalcore band. But it doesn't stop there. The next track, Chapter Four, follows the story of Cain and Abel, where the bands name comes from, and this song has some of the most creative, interesting, and catchy vocals hooks and patterns that I have ever heard. Now, the instruments don't fall short in any way, courtesy of Johnny Christ, Synyster Gates, Zacky Vengeance, and The Rev (RIP). Everything is constructed to compliment each other, and the band pulls it off not only beautifully, but perfectly. I couldn't think of a better way to continue the album.<br /><br />Next comes Second Heartbeat, which, while still a good song, falls a bit short compared to it's predecessors. But Desecration Through Reverance picks up right where Chapter Four left off and gives us a bit more of a punk sound, which normally I hate, but somehow A7X infuse it so well that you barely notice where the line between punk and metal ends.<br /><br />After a couple more good-but-not-great tracks, the album's epic two-parter comes in, with I Won't See You Tonight Part 1. This song tells of a young man committing suicide from his point of view, and it's such a sad, but truly beautiful song, that I believe it will hook any listener right away. Then it bleeds into I Won't See You Tonight Part 2, which is told from the POV of the friends and family of the victim. It's such a contradiction between the two songs, since IWSYTP1 features only clean vocals, whereas IWSYTP2 is mostly screaming. It makes the song seem angry, but at the same time it also conveys the feeling that most survivors of suicide victims have afterwards- anger, sadness, confusion, regret, despair- and it never fails to just compliment on the feeling that the first part conveyed.<br /><br />After another track, Clairvoyant Disease, we are brought to the albums closer, And All Things Will End. I can not think of a better way to end this album than with AATWE. It brings everything that the album brought to the table into one song, and leaves you with the knowledge that you have just heard an album that you will truly never forget.<br /><br />I know it sounds like I'm dissing on certain songs on the album, but I'm not. Every song on this CD hassomething to offer, even if some are less memorable than others. There is not a single weak track on this album. It's one of those CD's I can put on repeat all day long and not get tired of hearing, and there are not many of those that I can say that about.<br /><br />While I like what Avenged Sevenfold's newer album's have brought to the table, I still say that WTF was their prime, the epitome of their musical careers, and that this album will always have a place high on the list of Best Metalcore Album's Ever. It's a wonderful take on a done-to-death genre, and it is just plain fun to listen to. I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone, even if just to try it and see how you feel about it. Love it or hate it, it's a solid album, and is destined to go down in history as an album that helped define metalcore.ble than others. There is not a single weak track on this album. It's one of those CD's I can put on repeat all day long and not get tired of hearing, and there are not many of those that I can say that about.    While I like what Avenged Sevenfold's newer album's have brought to the table, I still say that WTF was their prime, the epitome of their musical careers, and that this album will always have a place high on the list of Best Metalcore Album's Ever. It's a wonderful take on a done-to-death genre, and it is just plain fun to listen to. I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone, even if just to try it and see how you feel about it. Love it or hate it, it's a solid album, and is destined to go down in history as an album that helped define metalcore.
B0000CABBW|5.0|As a New Zealander I can relate to this movie.  As to the review below about smoking crack, it was marijuana, and was a tiny scene in the movie.  Welcome to the real world, those things do happen.   I watched the movie again (for about the 5th time!) last night and this time watched it wtih Nickis commentary through it.  Worth watching like that if you havent done it before. <br />I think it was a great movie, very well acted (by Keisha and all the others).   All the kids were local kids and not actors, and I think they did a wonderful job.  First time acting not too bad! :-)
0671027573|5.0|Starts out with a weird scene in a school and goes to the scenes with Jaime.  Light and easy at first until the list comes out tehn gets hot and heavy.  The whole thing works very well.
B000002HRE|2.0|I know I'm beating a dead horse when I say that Metallica went downhill after the black album, but it's true. Okay, artists have to take chances in music and mix it up a little to say fresh, I understand that. But at least Megadeth stayed SOMEWHAT true to their 80's music. &quot;Load&quot; is an okay album. A couple of good songs, but overall, nothing spectacular. And now this... well, um...<br />I give it two stars because I actually do like the first four tracks on here: &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, &quot;Devil's Dance&quot;, and &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;. But after that, the album definitely loses any luster it had, and it just becomes boring and repetitive, with all the songs sounding exactly the same. Metallica's first five albums managed to keep the listener's interest throughout; this does not. It's really sad, because you know they can do it; they just don't. This, right here, is where they started to care less about music and more about money. And now... well, I think &quot;St. Anguish&quot; says it all.<br />Anyway, I recommend just downloading the first four tracks on mp3 (yeah, that's right, Lar$, I'm telling them to DOWNLOAD THEM!!!), and skipping this purchase. Save your money for something good. Like A Perfect Circle.
0790729652|5.0|here it is, the only GOOD modern batman movie. thats all i really have to say. dont even bother with the other eighty modern batman movies, theyre pieces of sh*t.
B000002KK2|5.0|I bought this gem way back in the late 70's and it stood out<br />like the shiny diamond it was and this collection just summed<br />up all the great strengths and styles of Ricki.  Even though she went<br />on to make some very compelling music(Pirates, the follow up was brilliant but withdrawn to me, I only played when I was alone at home), but it was still her<br />other standout.  Nothing in my opinion<br />Ricki did after these first two albums were as superior, especially this first one!<br />It was such a mature effort for a 1st collection it took everybody by surprise, fans that loved great women singers/musicians hadn't heard anything quite like this<br />for years, not since the sophisticated earthy talents of Joni Mitchell, Phoebe Snow, Bonnie Raitt & Laura Nyro in the early  to mid 70's. Ricki had a nice bohemian street-smart-finger popping-cool mixed with some beautiful piano laments.  I also recall<br />how much I enjoyed Phoebe Snows debut, like Ricki, she had her<br />one and only hit song from the 1st collection. Great stuff to<br />revisit, just as relevant as anything out today. Another fine<br />example of quality music from this period.
0385504209|4.0|I am a full time student and don't often take time to read novels. Each Christmas my brother buys me a new book and gives it to me after reading it himself so that we can discuss various topics addressed in the book.  The di Vinci Code was a great read.  I love a good conspiracy theory.  This was a fun read, however it is nothing more (or less) than really good fiction.  Sure Brown's sources are skechy and he is not exactly a historian, but the book is still a fun read.  Highly suggested, just don't go and change your religion or something.
B00005JMNA|5.0|One of THE best  movies i've seen if a while.   Great dancing.  Wish I could dance like that!
B00000AFFF|5.0|This is a record that incites a strong reverie whenever I listen to it, its arresting and wonderful.
0375713751|4.0|After the first 50 pages, I couldn't wait to give this book to a friend of mine who's juggling work & family.  After the last 50 pages, I knew that'd be a really bad idea.<br />The book is screamingly funny, no question.  But it feels to me like the author means it as a parable for our time, with the choice that the heroine makes near the end of the book strongly implied to be the Right Choice, and other choices of necessity therefore Wrong.  That bothered me tremendously.  It's not a problem if people, or characters, behave differently than I would.  It is a problem if they're preachy about it.<br />So, 5 stars for snort-aloud-on-the-subway humor on every page, 3 stars for smugness -- 4 stars overall, and it might've been lower except that I've simmered down now.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This CD is art. It's sitting thinking about life while on a bus at night. It's looking at an entire city from the top on a foggy morning. It's driving on an empty road in a thunderstorm. It's brilliant. Just plain brilliant. Every song is a little bit different. It provides you with rock, while at the same time, a music no one really had ever heard before. Radiohead is pioneering music. They started with OK Computer, and now are respected more than almost every band out today. If you don't already own this album, you are just the kind of person who should own this album. Plain and simple, yet confusing and complex. Believe me, I would of given this CD infinite stars if it were possible.
B00012QM8G|4.0|Highlights: A confident and candid directorial approach; faultless performances from the entire cast; stunning cinematography; stridently evocative script.<BR>Lowpoints: Occasional slips into superfluous sappiness; uncompromisingly dismal; overlong.<br />Conclusion: Steven Spielberg's follow-up to the regrettable Hook, Schindler's List is a passionate tribute to the kindness of those who saved lives during the vindictive holocaust era. Liam Neeson's performance represents that kindness - he plays the title character with such vigorous conviction that, even when the mostly-poignant script demands him to go along with one of its needless ventures into sentimentality, such as the tear-jerker of a speech he delivers at the film's finale, Neeson handles those scenes with luminous passion and assurance. As, by the way, does the rest of the cast (Ralph Fiennes does `evil film characters' justice), that compensates with its exhilarating performances for the overall lack of sanguinity in the relentlessly cheerless plot. Heartbreaking, convincing and gorgeously shot, Schindler's List is by far THE unsurpassed cinematic portrayal of the horrifying concentration camp events, movingly depicting one man's compassion amongst incensed antagonism.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I'm not a Dream Theater-material veteran as some other reviewers might be, though here's what I think of Train of Thought after listening to DT for approximately 4 years:  It seems as though the band is now exploring a different sound approach than their previous material, it definitely sounds much more 'heavy' but they have not lost that inimitable flavor of Dream Theater complexity which is outrageously incredible, and for that reason I became an avid DT/prog-rock/metal listener.  Here's how I rank the tracks of the album:<BR>1. As I Am - 4/5 Its a good track but it sounds a little mainstream...just my input<BR>2. This Dying Soul - 4/5 I love the instrumentation on this one, but the 'rap-like' vocals are a bit 'off-line' for me.<BR>3. Endless Sacrifice - 5/5 One of my favorites. Excellent lyrics and great sound.<BR>4. Honor Thy Father - 4/5 Again, the 'rapping' takes away from it but the sound is incredible. Portnoy is a prodigy! well...all of them are!<BR>5. Vacant - 5/5 short, slower...even tragic yet cathartic. Great job by LaBrie. Wonderful cello featured as well.<BR>6. Stream of Consciousness - 5/5 Can I say 'perfection'? This instrumental track is just 'ethereally' magnificent. Very complex and intriguing. Great job guys!<BR>7. In the Name of God - 4.5/5 Frankly, this song could've been better lyrically.  It seems too political, and that's fine, but there could've been a different nuance/twist to it.<BR>*Overall, a great album. Big leap forward from the musically regressive 6 Degrees of Inner Turbulence. I strongly reccomment this album. Don't miss them on tour!
0141301066|3.0|I D0N'T KNOW. THIS BOOK IS A LITTLE SHAKY. I THINK ROALD DAUL GAVE THIS BOOK SOME BORING DETAILS AND OTHER \\"BORING THINGS\\". BUT I GUESS YOU CAN LIKE IT. EVERYONE ELSE IN MY CLASS LIKED IT SO THAT'S JUST MY OPINION. JUST READ IT AND SEE HOW YOU WILL RATE IT!!
6305229449|5.0|Mulan is one of my all time favorite movies. You can easily fall in love with all the characters. It's one of the recent good films by disney (like Lilo and Stitch) One thing that I dislike is that it doesn't get enough recognition. I would recomend you get the special edition mulan dvd coming out in October, instead of the gold edition out-of-print dvd. The special edition will have lots of neat features.
B000063DGC|5.0|If you're going to buy a live album of Ozzy, whether it be with Sabbath or solo, you should definitely buy this album. I also own Black Sabbath &quot;Live At Last&quot;, and Ozzy &quot;Live At Budakan&quot;. Live at Last is fairly decent, Budakan is close to terrible. In Budakan, Ozzy is off tune half the time, but in Tribute, he's right on tune. It has the great Ozzy solo songs &quot;Crazy Train&quot;, &quot;Flying High Again&quot;, and others. The Sabbath songs are quite good. Yeah, Randy's no Tony Iommi, but he does good on the Sabbath songs as well. So if you're debating on what Ozzy album to buy, choose &quot;Tribute&quot; by far it's Ozzy's best live album
0385510438|5.0|In &quot;The Last Juror&quot; Grisham returns to Clanton Mississippi, the setting for &quot;A Time To Kill.&quot; When a young widow is brutally raped and murdered, she names her assailant with her last dying breath:  Danny Padgitt, a son of the dangerous and powerful crime family that seems to own Clanton. Willie Traynor, the young reporter who buys the local newspaper when it falls into bankrupcy, covers the case in the paper and befriends Miss Callie, the matriarch of the amazing Ruffin family and the first black woman juror in Ford County. Danny is tried and found guilty, but he receives life imprisonment instead of the death penalty. When he is released on parole after only nine years and returns to Clanton, the jurors who convicted him begin to die one by one, and the remaining jurors fear for their lives.<br />This novel features not only the setting of Grisham's earliest novel, but also the reappearance of its lawyers Lucien Wilbanks and Harry Rex Vonner. It covers some of the same issues of race and criminal justice. But if you are expecting this story to be similar to its predecessor, you might be disappointed. For one thing, the protagonist here is Willie Traynor rather than a lawyer. The story does contain some tense courtroom drama, but that comprises only part of the novel. Instead we see the gentler and softer-hearted Grisham as represented in some of his latest works such as &quot;Bleachers&quot; and &quot;Skipping Christmas.&quot; After the fast-paced trial and while Danny is in prison, the story changes direction to indulge in some good old-fashioned Southern storytelling.<br />Through the voice of newspaper owner Traynor, a northerner who views the town with the eyes of an outsider but who comes to care for its inhabitants, Grisham shows his affection for Southern small town life. Grisham's descriptions and characterizations are so lovingly crafted that I felt I had attended a goat barbecue, sampled some powerful moonshine, sat on the balcony above the town square gossiping with and about the locals, played poker in the backwoods, visited every church in the county, and had lunch on Miss Callie's porch. The story is peppered with humor and folk wisdom. The ending, although sad, is satisfying. I strongly recommend this novel for readers who appreciate both the vintage and newer Grisham works.<br />Eileen Riebackve the town square gossiping with and about the locals, played poker in the backwoods, visited every church in the county, and had lunch on Miss Callie's porch. The story is peppered with humor and folk wisdom. The ending, although sad, is satisfying. I strongly recommend this novel for readers who appreciate both the vintage and newer Grisham works.<br />Eileen Rieback
B0001ADB8C|5.0|We've been without the Dark Horse stuff for too long. Now it all sounds clean and crisp!! I think the box set is a great idea! I wish they would have added &quot;I Don't Want to do it&quot; from the Porky's soundtrack. That would have been a great bonus track! They also should have included the Saturday Night Live performance George gave with Paul Simon.... On the DVD - I really would have liked to see the video for &quot;All Those Years Ago&quot; added... I guess you can't have your cake and to eat it too!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I bought this CD because of my love of disney. It is GREAT! It gets you in a nice Pirate mood. My favorite is probaly Fog Bound or Barbossa is Hungry. A must for all POTC fans!
B00000HZFP|5.0|There are no words for this film, CD, DVD or play. I have seen/heard them all, and after 3 years have not tired of any of them. Hedwig is a character who inspires, who makes me feel poewerful. No one is gonna tear her (or me!) down.<br />PERFECT casting. UNBELIEVABLE ROCK MUSIC!!!
B00005JN08|4.0|It is also a good movie if you like to poke fun at Europeans - this movie tosses up all the usual negative stereotypes we Yankees have about Europeans and shows 'em off... (of course, it also displays Americans as being \\"horny\\"...) Watch out for: rowdy Brits, robotic French, VERY gay Eye-talians, idiotic American tourists, nude Frenchmen, garbage-strewn Eastern European neighborhoods, stick-em-up Dutch, and (of course) folks of any nationality who doesn't know a thing about anybody else's nationality, including that of the Vatican. One of my favorite stunts involves, indeed, a bunch of Yanks who sneaks into papal facilities, sees a lot of doohickies and plays irresponsibly with them, somehow convincing folks that a new Pope had been elected. If anyone wants to get back at \\"Passion\\"'s antisemitism by watching another movie, then \\"Eurotrip\\" is it - it's anti-European. <BR>(That band of merry men reminds me of an old story about a bunch of college-cruisers who get drunk on beer and sake in 1920s Japan, and break into the Imperial suite of an Osaka hotel and sit on the Emperor's throne and tear across a bridge meant only for the Emperor. The Emperor at the time was considered divine, and thus those irreverent Americans were committing sacrelige!)
0385510438|1.0|The jacket cover write-up of this book leads one to believe it is a courtroom thriller, like other Grisham novels.  In fact it is not.  It is a very slow-paced story of a newspaper in a sleepy little town.  If Grisham really had faith in this story he should have hyped it for what it is and drawn an audience with its eyes open, rather than using deceit to lure unsuspecting readers to their 400 page, excruciatingly tiny-printed doom.
B000000W5H|5.0|Released in 1974 while they were still at the top of their game, The Rolling Stones scored their 4th consecutive number one album with 'It's Only Rock 'N' Roll&quot;. It was also the last one to feature Mick Taylor, the most versatile member of the group.<br />&quot;It's Only Rock 'N' Roll&quot; kicks off into high gear with &quot;If You Can't Rock Me&quot;, followed by a scorching cover of &quot;Ain't Too Proud To Beg&quot;. Next comes the libidinous title track, a jaunty singalong that has become a classic. The album tones down a few notches with the lovely acoustic ballad &quot;Til The Next Time We Say Goodbye&quot;. Following is Mick Taylor's magnum opus &quot;Time Waits For No One&quot;, featuring a 3 - minute guitar solo that rivals the one on &quot;Free Bird&quot;. &quot;Luxury&quot; is a faux - reggae track that is very enjoyable, while &quot;Dance Little Sister&quot; is all - out rock. &quot;If You Really Want To Be My Friend&quot; is a nice soul ballad, and &quot;Short And Curlies&quot; is a cute ditty. &quot;Fingerprint File&quot; closes the album, and is filled with excellent hooks and grooves.<br />Overall, an excellent album crying out for recognition.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|What would it take to bring this show back?  I cannot BELIEVE FOX would cancel a show like this!  Does it take canceling to see the outpouring of supporters for quality shows to get the message through??  This is an astoundingly great T.V. series badly managed and mucked by T.V. execs.  Joss Whedon needs to take this series to another network and market it with the fans letters as proof that it will work!  I would TIVo this and watch enraptured every week!  So, here is yet another fans take on this series!  Buy it, try it, and you will see why we are all HOOKED on FIREFLY!  Don't walk, RUN to the shopping cart and buy this!  Then write FOX and tell them how DUMB they were to cancel it!
067101756X|3.0|If Corso is lying about the subject matter contained in this book, he should be given some kind of an award.  It is, hands-down, the most well conceived fabrication and outright sham I've eer read.  I am somewhat of a skeptic and don't believe in much of anything (I believe religion is a practical joke that got out of hand).  I have personally witnessed a craft zipping around the sky making right-angle turns at incredible speeds, but don't feel comfortable placing a label on what I saw.  I don't know what to make of Corso's book, it's so much fun to read, but I'm not ready to make that leap of faith and admit to the possibility of any of it.  Give it a read and make up your own mind.
B0000DD7LB|3.0|This cd is the point in which Britney is try to change into somthing she is not.  I think she should try and clean her act up a bit she is not Christina Dirty and she will never be.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|The score to &quot;The Passion Of The Christ&quot; is brilliant without compromise. The score is composed by John Debney, who did the scores to &quot;The Whole Ten Yards&quot; (2004), &quot;Welcome To Mooseport&quot; (2004), &quot;Elf&quot; (2003), &quot;Bruce Almighty&quot; (2003), &quot;The Hot Chick&quot; (2002), &quot;The Tuxedo&quot; (2002), &quot;Swimfan&quot; (2002), &quot;Spy Kids 2: The Island Of Lost Dreams&quot; (2002), &quot;The Scorpion King&quot; (2002), &quot;Dragonfly&quot; (2002), &quot;Snow Dogs&quot; (2002), &quot;Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius&quot; (2001), &quot;The Princess Diaries&quot; (2001), &quot;Cats &amp; Dogs&quot; (2001), &quot;Heartbreakers&quot; (2001), &quot;Spy Kids&quot; (2001), &quot;See Spot Run&quot; (2001), &quot;The Emperor's New Groove&quot; (2000), &quot;The Replacements&quot; (2000), &quot;End Of Days&quot; (1999), &quot;Inspector Gadget&quot; (1999), &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, and &quot;Liar Liar&quot; (1997). This score has to be his best to date, but it is something different than we have heard from him before. I recommend that people get this score if they want to, because the score is just as powerful as the movie is.
B00006HBUA|4.0|I was seriously dreading this film. What was conceivably a very, very bad idea turned out to be a surprisingly good film with a fair amount of comedy. Originally a Mike Myers vehicle (thank God THAT didn't work out), but then recast with I Know What You Did Last Summer and Scream actors, the realization of Scooby-Doo as a CGI character interacting with live action actually works. I'd say it was a one in a million chance but Raja Gosnell managed to pull it off.<br /><br />The most impressive transformation tho is not cartoon Scooby to CGI Scooby but Matthew Lillard's performance as Shaggy. No way would I have believed he could possibly take on the role of one of my most fave characters ever but he just seems to completely disappear and the spirit of Shaggy takes him over. He brings some real integrity to what is widely regarded as an artless family movie. Even Freddy Prinze Jr. seems to nail the voice and narcissism of Fred, and Sarah Michelle Gellar is quite good as Daphne. Though I was always more attracted to Velma as I really dig nerdy chicks. Linda Cardellini brings some true sex appeal to the role. I wish the never-seen lesbian kiss between her and Daphne never got cut out.<br /><br />Of course the plot is the usual baloney but there is constant action and invention to keep even the most impatient viewer stuck on till the end. The gang go to a theme park resort called Spooky Island (actually an Australian resort) to solve the mystery of why the wild spring break kids are turning into well-mannered nerds. But not only are there guys in masks but there are some REAL spooks too. I would have liked Rowan Atkinson to have a bigger role as Emile Mondavarious but considering the twist (which comes as an amusing surprise) at the end, the plot doesn't really have room for it. It's good to have him in there though instead of a cast full of 20-somethings. But 99% of the comic genius comes Matthew Lillard.<br /><br />The CGI has dated somewhat since its release. Scooby and the various demons don't look very photo-realistic anymore and it's a little bit distracting. I doubt the target audience will care.<br /><br />An unfairly trashed and fun movie.the various demons don't look very photo-realistic anymore and it's a little bit distracting. I doubt the target audience will care.<br /><br />An unfairly trashed and fun movie.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This might be the funniest and wackiest Cohn bros. film I've seen yet. I even enjoyed the Blue Grass sound track, although I'm more of a pop, classical, and jazz kind of guy. But the music was great, too, and it really added to the overall ambience of the movie.<br />Some of the scenes are just classic, such as the Baby Face Nelson gettaway with the cows, the KKK \\"dance of the sugar plum fairies,\\" (as I call it), the scene with the \\"river sirens,\\" and the scene at the concert where the Soggy Bottom Boys finally sing their hit song to the entralled crowd, which the guys can't figure out.<br />I recognized the actor who played George Nelson from The Practice TV show but hadn't seen any of his other work before, and I thought his over-the-top portrayal was really amazing considering he plays a stolid, respectable lawyer and  very different character in the TV show.<br />I was also amazed at how well George Clooney pulled off the dancing and high-stepping at the concert and political rally. He proved himself to be a pretty competent hoofer in the great tradition of hoofer actors (like Bob Hope, James Cagney, and Gregory Hines, etc., although of a different style).<br />So overall, another very funny, wacky movie from the Cohn bros. that certainly won't disappoint the fans, and with a classic Blue Grass sound track that really fit the movie well.
B0001AP12G|4.0|too many interludes and guests (although common's verse on 'get em high' kills every other verse on the cd). he also tries too hard with his rhyme styles. seems forced.<br />but the beats are crazy as usual and he does get 5/5 for ambition. i'd rather hear a production album from him instead of his rapping. <br />still, check it out... it's better than most of the junk out there.
B000068QKT|3.0|There is no way this movie deserved the Oscar nominations it got. The only thing great about this movie is the cinematography and the manner in which the story is delivered and shot which is pleasant to watch for the most part. Wonderful use of camera captures some very beautiful images and some very nice performances. Audrey Tautou is just wonderful as Amelie as well. The problem with the film is that the story isn't very good and comes off sort of disjointed and uneven by the end. The film is in French which is ok but some of the English subtitle work is incorrect in translation or just plain wrong and gives the film less impact than it should when you are reading something other than what the actors are saying. Some of the little jokes are lost because of this. Overall this is comparible to a quirky, small budgeted, artsy version of Forrest Gump in an intimate light-hearted setting. It will make you smile, but the size of that smile will depend on if you paid more than 15 dollars for the dvd.
B00005OAIE|5.0|The first time I heard John Mayer, I was at Borders book store and I thought it was a new Dave Matthews!  I literally stopped in my trax and hung up my cell phone on my best friend in mid-sentence.  My Starbucks frappucino fell to the floor b/c my hands got so weak and trembly.  My throat started closing up!  That voice...that Dave Matthews sound...I would know it anywhere.<br />I ran to the disaffected little music clerk and was all like, \\"OMG!!!!!  What DMB album is this????\\"  But he was all like \\"Whatever, I don't even know what this is because I didn't even play it.\\"<br />So then I was like \\"I seriously have to know what this is!!!  You are so not helpful!  Get me your manager right now!\\"<br />Anywayz, long story short, I found out it was not actually DMB like I thought, it was JOHN MAYER!!!!!!!!  THE sexiest and MOST talented singer-songwriter EVERRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!<br />John Mayer is God.  Who else could write this kind of smart and moving lyrics?  My fave song ever has got to be \\"My Stupid Mouth\\" b/c I swear I have felt like that so many times in my life.  Like, OMG, I seriously just said the dumbest thing.  Ever.<br />Anywayz, the bottom line is, this is the best CD.  JM is so hot and so talented and he seriously is so deep.  This is the best CD.  Heavier Things is like, heavier, and everything, but it's not as good b/c it is not as nice and also it's kind of almost like Seattle grunge from the 90s which is sooooo seriously played out.  <br />But this one is really filled with a lot of profound observations about life, things that had me lying awake in my bed at night, my heart cold and frozen in the grips of some SERIOUS questioning about mortality, the nature of humanity, the purpose of existence, and JM's apt metaphorical use of the lunchbox as a symbol of the plight of man.  This CD has made me question my own ideals and has even made me consider Socratic suicide as an homage to the brilliance of JOHN MAYER!<br />So, anywayz, if you love DMB and also liketo think about stuff, buy this CD!  <br />Long live the singer-songwriter!!!!!!
B00005IC2H|1.0|I found myself downloading Sigur Ros' stuff after reading positive reviews of Agaetis Byrjun from Radiohead fans. This is not Radiohead. This is not even music. If a rusty gate was to have an orgasm, it would sound like Sigur Ros' vocals. Tuneless gibberish, and it took 3 minutes for Svefn-g-whatever to get anywhere at all, and even then it sounded like an extended sneeze. &quot;Acheeeeeeooooooooo&quot;. I can imagine the art school kids gobbling this stuff up. If you have a penchant for eccentric New Age claptrap, or if your sleeping pills have been failing you, you'll appreciate Sigur Ros.
B000127LW2|4.0|I loved Star Trek Voyager! The DVD Box set is Excellent! Unfortunately, I purchased it from Suncoast Video because I have a 'Replay Rewards' card that sends me back discount coupons to use towards future purchases! Suncoast wants one hundred and eleven dollars for the set(And that is ON SALE! Their normal price for the set after the sale is, get this, One Hundred and Thirty-Nine Ninety-Nine! OUCH!!) Paramount could have made the price a bit more reasonable for the Trek fans! The ONE thing I really have wanted to see all of these years were the scenes that were filmed by the first choice for Captain Janeway played by actress Genevieve Bujold! Thank God!!!-Kate Mulgrew took over the part. Contrary to what Rick Berman said about Bujold on the special features DVD about why they went with Mulgrew...  The reason Bujold was let go was because of how difficult she was to deal with.  She hated the tight uniforms, and thought they looked silly! She was totally impossible to deal with from what I had read in magazines when Voyager was getting ready to launch UPN!! And when you get to see the parts she filmed for 'The CareTaker' 2 hour pilot for Voyager... And then compare it to Kate Mulgrew's scenes in Caretaker you'll be glad Kate took over the role of Janeway!  Bujold was just too stiff and uncaring in her acting in the role of Janeway.  The scene where Janeway explains to Tuvock about Harry Kim's mother wanting to send Harry's clarinet to him... When you look at Bujold's take on that scene and then see Kate Mulgrew doing the same scene... Kate showed a lot more caring about the character of Harry Kim, and her crew then Bujold did. So I highly recommend this DVD set to all the Trek fans, and Voyager fans out there! It's a *MUST* have set!!  But as I said, the price could have been better for everyone if it was about fifty-nine dollars since it only has 15 episodes! But I guess Paramount needs to make up some cash on their ailing franchise someplace. So why not soak the fansfor it! LOL! I also read on the literature that came with the DVD set (Oh, and these sets so far do not come with booklets like TNG did) that Paramount is going to release the entire Original Star Trek Series again, but as boxed sets too in 2005! FINALLY! Something they should have done in the first place! So as I said... I HIGHLY recommend this set!  So far Amazon has the best price for it! So grab it while the price is this LOW now!!!!! And I also hope the bonus DVD's that come with the sets during the first months of their releases will be a bit better then what came with Voyager!  I would love to see the PC program &quot;Star Trek Voyager Utilities CD&quot; come out as a bonus disc with one of the sets, or even a Voyager companion CD that shows clips from all the episodes, and text synopsis's of each show too.  TNG and the DS9 set came with one of these PC CD's.<BR>Thanks for reading my review!<BR>-Todd
006054094X|5.0|The paperback edition turns the hypothesis of the hardback into reality.  We are probably looking at a paradigm shift, like Darwin.  <br />The myth of the superior West is taking a probably lethal battering. If I read this correctly, the Chinese are the direct cause of the renaissance, the scientific revolution and the western imperialist expansion - we are standing on the shoulders of giants.<br />America is the current superpower, but the sleeping dragon has awoken and is finding its huge and superb historic legacy.<br />Wyo - ming<BR>Chi - le<BR>Peru<br />Many common names from the Americas are Chinese!
B00000633N|5.0|This is the best album that Pet Shop Boys ever made.  With excessive beats, keyboards, and synthesizers, this album is great to listen to.  If you are a big Pet Shop Boys fan, I also recommend Please, Actually, and Behavior.  You will love it!
B000084T18|1.0|Ok, so I don't like rap (Rock is way better and it actually takes talent), but this is really bad. Not just the music, but the artist himself. He's been shot and I've heard he didn't even pay his medical bills! He made an @$$ of himself at theGrammy's too. His only good beat (In da Club) would be better without lyrics.
B0000E1ALR|3.0|If you are not a purist, then perhaps a hit and miss collection will be good enough. Maybe I'm weird, but I like Pink Cadillac, and &quot;best of&quot; collection  executives don't. Oh well, their loss. I'm sticking with the original album and skipping the &quot;great&quot; opportunity to pay for the recordings again.
B00006879E|4.0|I picked this album up last night, hoping for some good backround music during my car rides.  What I purchased offered much, much more.  I knew that Maroon 5 would put up at least a good effort, after hearing their two released songs, &quot;harder to breathe,&quot; and &quot;this love.&quot;  I never expected that I would enjoy the entire album.  Maroon 5 offers a unique sound, adding in unique intruments during some songs, such as the piano, that adds a twist to what we are used to hearing.  Then add in the drums, bass, guitars, and catchy vocals and you've got yourself a band.  I like how the cd begins with the two songs I had previously heard of, which allows the listener to ease into the next few tracks.  This probably doesn't make much sense, but lets just say I like of it as a positive.  Their performance on SNL is probably the clincher as to why I bought the album.  These guys look like they are having fun, as I'm sure they are.  Maroon 5 will not be a one hit wonder type of band.  They will be here for many years to come.
B00005NWM3|5.0|A friend gave me this album as a birthday present. I didn't have any Nickelback CDs yet, but I liked the band in songs like 'How You Remind Me'.<BR>I was totally impressed by this CD's quality. It may not be a masterpiece, but it's real good, totally worth your money, if you're asking yourself if you should buy it or not.<BR>I don't listen to much rock, but this really caught my attention with songs like 'How You Remind Me', 'Too Bad' (best in the album) and 'Good Times Gone', who finnishes the album with a great message (the song tells about a guy who's trying to find his lost good times).<BR>Not too heavy, so it's just as I like. I recommend this to any music fan who reads me now at Amazon.com... Buy it without worries, you'll enjoy it.
B00005JN02|5.0|I am a german who lives in the USA (Nebraska) for one year as a foreign exchange student. <br />I watched this movie in germany and showed it to my classmates on dvd here! After watching it, they understood the whole situation so much better!!! And even though its a historical movie it was a LOT of fun to watch!<br />Getting a dvd player that accepts 2-dvds was very hard though thats why i'm glad it is released in american standard now, too!!<br />Awesome movie that everybody should watch!!!
B000002H97|5.0|I already owned St. Anger, And Justice For All and Load from Metallica, so I already knew the band was one of the best rock bands ever.<BR>This CD is, in so many ways, superior than Metallica's last album St. Anger (I liked St. Anger, unlike many of you fans, but this album is sooo much better), and it's undoubtedly, for me, one of the Top 5 Metallica albums of all time.<BR>Why is that? 'Enter Sandman' has some energy I hardly ever listened in rock songs, you must listen to feel such energy, who grows and the intro flows; 'Nothing Else Matters' again shows us how heavy metal bands are so good when they write love songs (Iron Maiden has done a great job in 'Wasting Love' from &quot;Fear Of The Dark&quot; album, of which I recommend, it's an amazing love song); and 'The Unforgiven', who mixes slow and strong melodies with great lyrics, just to name a few great tracks in this CD.<BR>I recommend this to any music fan out there who likes this kind of music, it's one of the best albums of its kind. Buy it now, trust me, you'll love it.
B00014TJ6Q|5.0|George, even more so than Lennon and McCartney hewed his craft closer to The Beatles aesthetic in his solo career than any of them did: great music, well arranged that stands the test of time. This CD in particular is an absolute gem, and is really the best CD that The Beatles never made, although you can see how seamlessly it would have been to integrate Paul, John and Ringo into this. The songs, every one of them, are remarkable acheivements. This is every bit as good as ALL THINGS, and now sounds positively amazing with the sterling remastering.<BR>Sonically, it is worlds away from ALL THINGS and Phil Spector. In many regards, this is probably what Paul was after with the concept for GET BACK as a film and CD. Ironic that it should be George who should most fully realize what could have been their swan song. There is an organic wholeness to this that predates and predicts Travelling Willburys, Uncle Tupelo, Wilco, Son Volt, Notting Hill Billies, Billy Bragg. The Band was in the process of giving up the fight, and yet here was George resetting the gold standard in his unasumingly but fully realized way.<BR>The guitar work throughout this disc is spectaular: as brilliant and tasty as it gets. The songs are so well written and assembled that they come off as thoroughly natural progressions. Each is a keeper. By this point, George and Eric Clapton had resolved their differences, and the tremendous magic they were capable of together is absolutely laid open on &quot;Love Comes to Everyone.&quot; George's wry humour and love for the era that produced Hoagy Carmichael (an interesting and unexplored influence) is evident on &quot;Soft Heareted Hana&quot;. &quot;Blow Away&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Moon&quot; are quintessentially George: almost lithesome in sound and completely impossible to play, using, as he often said, &quot;the naughty chords&quot; to effect wonderful melodies.<BR>This CD and the LIVE IN JAPAN CD are as essential as ALL THINGS &amp; CLOUD NINE. George was brilliant, and here he is at the absolute peak of his powers. At the bare minimum, 5 stars. Pity John and Paul didn't give him more room.
6305558167|2.0|I just saw this movie in its entirety for the first time and I have to say that it is one of the worst that I've ever seen.  I don't see how other reviewers can say that the acting, music, and directing were done well.  The voices sound dubbed, the music is heard only a couple times throughout the whole movie, and the scenes are very sloppy as you are never quite sure what is actually going on.  Merlin's character is a teeter totter.  Sometimes he's weak and stupid, sometimes he's strong and wise.  If I was directing this movie I wouldn't focus on one character and then abandon him while trying to involve other characters.  As for the special effects, they are terrible even for 1981.  I spent most of this movie bored and confused.
B000006OS2|1.0|This is a terrible DVD.  The company is Goodtimes Home Video.  It was reproduced in Hong Kong or Tiawan.  I'm very disappointed that Amazon.com would be associated with such a piece of junk.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|First off, I'd like to say it's sad that people are actually putting down fake (obviously fake. no, not because they gave it a low rating) reviews for this soundtrack. That is very petty. Just because you're offended by the movie (and it baffles me to no end why so many people are offended by this movie. L E M M I N G S.) doesn't mean you should stoop to writing fake reviews. If you have to lie to help your cause, maybe your cause sucks.<br />Basically if you liked the Gladiator and The Seige (particularly the opening song Skeikh's Abduction) soundtracks, you'll like this. It's like a combination of the two but more so if that makes any sense. This is something you'll want to listen to on a good stereo to fully appreciate. Whether you like the movie or not or are even intending on seeing the movie or not, this is a very good score.
B00009P1O2|5.0|Great DVD, but the Budapest show (from the same year, and only available on VHS) seems to be more popular among Queen fans.  Freddie's voice isn't his best during this performance.  Still, any Queen show deserves 5 stars.  <br />IN RESPONSE TO THE PREVIOUS REVIEWER:  The &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; opera segment is slightly ruined on this DVD.  It was sort of a tradition for Queen to simply leave the stage during the opera section and play the record, while the audience and lights took care of the rest. (Queen COULDN'T perform the opera section live, and were opposed to playing onstage with backing tapes, so they were honest about it.)  Being there, it was actually a very fun part of the show!  Unfortunately, the DVD doesn't show the audience or the incredible lighting rigs that moved around the stage during the opera section; instead, it shows clips from the video, which every one has seen already.  (The opera section is filmed much better on the Budapest show.)<BR> <BR>Like Queen's other DVDs, it's loaded with extras (like being able to watch only one band member during certain songs) and is inexpensive so it's a great value.<BR> <BR>The &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; concert DVD was shot a few years before this show, so you may want that if you like more of their late-'70s songs.  Both DVDs are great to have since the tracklisting is quite a bit different between the two.
B000000WA4|5.0|To start off, I will restate what is already obvious about this album...it defined a generation. Like Nirvana's Nevermind before it, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is one of those albums that managed to perfectly articulate every feeling and experience of Gen X adolescence. Of course, that wouldn't mean nearly as much as it does if the songs weren't great, too, and surprise, they are brilliant. Despite the album's near epic length, Billy Corgan's songs never seem to meander. Even the longer songs like &quot;X.Y.U.&quot; and &quot;Thru the Eyes of Ruby&quot; manage to remain interesting throughout. Of course, it was the immediacy of the singles &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; and &quot;1979&quot; that gave this album its initial success, but deeper listening reveals that these two singles weren't just flukes. There are many great alternative guitar-based songs throughout, but the most beautiful moments come on emotional ballads like &quot;Galapagos&quot; and the demo-like acoustic song &quot;Stumbleline.&quot;  <BR>The two discs really don't flow in any particular order, the songs are kind of mixed around, but it all plays together well. Nothing really seems out of place. <br />This album also represents a moment in which the Pumpkins evolved again. Gone is the epic psychedelia of Gish and the My Bloody Valentine-like guitar swirl of Siamese Dream. Here the guitar sounds are harder and more immediate, giving the grungier songs a lot more kick. The Pumpkins also try many new sounds out too, such as the gothic dance dirge of &quot;Love,&quot; the Cure-like alternative pop of &quot;1979,&quot; and the fuzzed out bombast of &quot;Tales of a Scorched Earth.&quot; Also, unlike Siamese Dream, the Pumpkins play here as a band (yes, D'arcy and James Iha are present this time around), making this feel like the work of a collective band. This album may be the Pumpkins' best selling album, but it is no accident that it is arguably their best. It feels like the band put everything they had into it.<br />I know I said it before, but this album defined the '90s. 1996 would have been nothing without seeing bald-headed Billy wearing that infamous ZERO shirt (remember?) and watching the Pumpkins breathe new life into the alternative genre, which was nearly derailed two years before. In fact, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness has stood the test of time. Its feelings and emotions are just as true in 2004 as they were in the mid '90s, making this truly one of the crowning statements in all of alternative rock. If you're looking to get into this, I recommend that you do so ASAP, because you're missing out on a truly great album if you don't.
B00004VVNB|1.0|I think people who see movies when they are children and grow up, so to speak, with movies have a total inability to separate the good and the bad. This movie is absolutely terrible. Even in 1976 these are just about the worst/cheapest effects possible. The story itself is interesting to a degree but the execution is LIKE an execution. Jessica/Logan are at least decent but there is just no excuse for the dialogue, the effects, the continuity of the story, the look of the film, or the direction.<br />I rented this today and am a big fan of Star Trek, the original show, and even Planet of the Apes, the TV series, so I am open to great characters overriding aweful plots/effects but Logan's Run is just about as bad as it gets, almost on par with 'Dune', almost. This movie just doesn't stand the test of time.
B000000WA4|5.0|To start off, I will restate what is already obvious about this album...it defined a generation. Like Nirvana's Nevermind before it, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is one of those albums that managed to perfectly articulate every feeling and experience of Gen X adolescence. Of course, that wouldn't mean nearly as much as it does if the songs weren't great, too, and surprise, they are brilliant. Despite the album's near epic length, Billy Corgan's songs never seem to meander. Even the longer songs like &quot;X.Y.U.&quot; and &quot;Thru the Eyes of Ruby&quot; manage to remain interesting throughout. Of course, it was the immediacy of the singles &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; and &quot;1979&quot; that gave this album its initial success, but deeper listening reveals that these two singles weren't just flukes. There are many great alternative guitar-based songs throughout, but the most beautiful moments come on emotional ballads like &quot;Galapagos&quot; and the demo-like acoustic song &quot;Stumbleline.&quot;  <BR>The two discs really don't flow in any particular order, the songs are kind of mixed around, but it all plays together well. Nothing really seems out of place. <br />This album also represents a moment in which the Pumpkins evolved again. Gone is the epic psychedelia of Gish and the My Bloody Valentine-like guitar swirl of Siamese Dream. Here the guitar sounds are harder and more immediate, giving the grungier songs a lot more kick. The Pumpkins also try many new sounds out too, such as the gothic dance dirge of &quot;Love,&quot; the Cure-like alternative pop of &quot;1979,&quot; and the fuzzed out bombast of &quot;Tales of a Scorched Earth.&quot; Also, unlike Siamese Dream, the Pumpkins play here as a band (yes, D'arcy and James Iha are present this time around), making this feel like the work of a collective band. This album may be the Pumpkins' best selling album, but it is no accident that it is arguably their best. It feels like the band put everything they had into it.<br />I know I said it before, but this album defined the '90s. 1996 would have been nothing without seeing bald-headed Billy wearing that infamous ZERO shirt (remember?) and watching the Pumpkins breathe new life into the alternative genre, which was nearly derailed two years before. In fact, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness has stood the test of time. Its feelings and emotions are just as true in 2004 as they were in the mid '90s, making this truly one of the crowning statements in all of alternative rock.
B000002H6C|5.0|this album would be one of the greatest ever made. The only song that is mediocre is &quot;The Shortest Straw&quot;.  &quot;One&quot; is an absolute classic. The drums are incredible, the solos are amazing and the lyrics are metallica's best.
B000089RVX|4.0|Reviews that this album is overrated or not up to snuff are unfair. I only stop listening to &quot;Bring Me to Life&quot; long enough to fit in some of the other tracks, especially &quot;Everybody's Fool&quot; and &quot;My Immortal.&quot; The production is superb, but it's certainly not minimalist. It's commercial goth, but who cares? Amy Lee's voice will carry her for decades. Even if Evanescence never records another album, she will go on, and now that the group and the album cleaned house at the Grammys, opportunities for her will grow. Enjoy &quot;Fallen&quot; for what it is, and don't wish it's something it is not.
B000002H97|3.0|This album has some great songs, classics, Enter Sandman, Sad But True, The Unforgiven, Wherever I May Roam and Nothing Else Matters.  Then there are others that just don't work, If the album had ended after &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; it would've been a classic. Some songs are just dull, sound a bit repetitive and don't have the energy or the lyrical mastery of the songs at the beginning of the album. It album could've benefited from being about three tracks shorter its still a solid rock album, not the classic most mainstream rock fans say it is, but still good.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|Britney Spears is a horrendus attempt at a musician. She doesn't write her own music and she has a terrible voice. The only reason any guys would like her is because she has got a hot body. That is the point of all her videos. Her PLASTIC body. Anyway, this stuff stinks and if you want to stay sane, then don't buy this.
B000002A3T|5.0|Its really unfair to compare this to the Pink Floyd albums with Roger Waters, it is made in a completely different way, a completely different light.  There isn't a single weak track on this album and can listen to it multiple times a day and never tire of the sound.  It is very well made, although sometimes I can't hear the drums too well.  Richard Wright is fabulous on this and even contributes a high quality song.  Gilmour is the straw that stirs the drink on this album, his lyrics are good and express emotions that one can easily idenify with, his solos are excellent and fit perfectly with the music.<BR>  All in all an excellent album, a great way for Pink Floyd to go out.
B000002HMH|4.0|&quot;Load&quot; was talked of to be the ultimate sellout album for Metallica. There are some songs on here that makes me wonder &quot;Why would Metallica make songs like these?&quot; Some of those songs are &quot;Poor Twisted Me&quot;, &quot;Cure&quot;, and the pathetic &quot;Mama Said.&quot; There are some particular songs that also really stoodout when I first heard this cd. Those songs are &quot;King Nothing&quot;, &quot;Wasting my Hate&quot;, &quot;The house that jack built&quot;, &quot;Bleeding Me&quot;, and the best song on the cd is without a doubt &quot;The Outlaw Torn&quot;. I do not believe that this was the Metallica &quot;sellout&quot; album. I belive that honor would go to &quot;The black Album&quot; as I stated in my review for that cd. Overall I would recomend &quot;Load&quot; by Metallica, but I suggest you also skip some songs along the way.
B00000099Y|3.0|There is some good material on this album, the actual songs are pretty good, but there is a lot of tracks that are just nothing. Some rants in German, babies crying, although it was supposed to add to the overall mood of the album, they could've been done without.  The lyrics and vocals are good and the drumming is excellent, which is a standard for tool albums.  Don't complain that this album is bleak and depressing, thats how its supposed to be.  This album has its moments, but they are far and few between.
B000099T2L|1.0|Beyonce is really hot. That does not mean that she is a good musician. She is horrible. The only thing she can do good is &quot;Shake her stuff&quot;. If I were any of you people I would not buy this cd or even think about it.
B00005JMJ4|3.0|Right, long and tedious and if you're a Bill Murray fan you will be disappointed. Murray here is Murray in several ways, his cynical nature comes out a lot and that's always funny.<br />  But don't expect a Murray film.<br />  This one is s-l-o-w. As long as you're ready for a s-l-o-w movie, you will probably enjoy this. Watch it after a good night's sleep because Murray's insomnia will weigh VERY heavy on you if you're tired when you see this.<br />  Not a laugh-a-minute movie but one with a FEW laughs that are more laughs out of being cynical than ha-ha.<br />  The movie was shot in less than 2 weeks I heard after I'd seen it. That is interesting. I probably would have enjoyed it more knowing that in advance because it does make the movie more interesting knowing that it was filmed with very few takes and a lot of ad libbing.<br />  Best part: Murray on the Japanese talk show.
B000002UDD|5.0|So Far,So Good,So What? by Megadeth is a tremendous cd. My two favorite songs are without a doubt &quot;Into the lungs of Hell&quot; and &quot;In my darkest hour.&quot; This is a really great cd, and I recomend this cd or any Megadeth cds over anything that is out in this sad excuse of a music industry.BUY NOW!!!!!!!!
B00008EY9G|1.0|This movie's ending is a cop-out of the worst degree.<br />All throughout the movie you are trying to figure out how it all was happening. How did everybody get where they are? What's the explanation of their birth dates?<br />(Spoiler coming)<br />(I warned you)<br />When it's all in the guy's head, the it-was-all-a-dream ending is a major cop-out. No wonder we couldn't figure it out, joke's on us! A movie with a surprise ending at least owes us a puzzle that we could have figured out with clues throughout the movie. It's a shame when the cop-out ending is that it really didn't happen the way we perceived it (except The Sixth Sense).
B000002LPD|5.0|&quot;For unlawful carnal knowledge&quot; by Van Halen is an awesome cd. The best songs are &quot;Poundcake&quot;, &quot;Dream is Over&quot;, and &quot;Right Now&quot;
B00012QM8G|5.0|This movie is wonderful in its sadness. It shows the exploitation of the Jewish people during WWII and it does so without apology. No apology is needed because those horrors must be exposed to help keep them from occurring ever again.<br />  Why Hollywood cannot make ONE movie without showing a breast is beyond me though. Totally out of place, just done gratutiously. Keep your teen boys away.<br />  Other than its deliberate exposure of the woman (not a prisoner, she was there to entice audience only) and its attempt to demean women in the audience by showing - once again - an actress exploited for the world to see - this movie's address for the concentration camps and Schindler's incredible attempt to do all in his power to stop the horrors is a masterpiece.<br />  The word masterpiece is overused in Hollywood. The word masterpiece is not overused on Schindler's List. This is Neeson's finest performance.
B000089RVR|5.0|I can't get enough of this cd.  Dido has a peaceful, calming voice that leads you into a state of mental well being.  The entire cd is worth listening over and over. This is her best cd yet.  I'm currently searching for Dido 'sound-a-likes' because I can't get enough of her style. You won't be sorry with this cd.
B00005JLXE|4.0|If you had told me a year ago I'd be saying Ben Affleck did a fine job acting, I would have told you that you were crazy. In Daredevil, let me be very clear... Ben Affleck NAILED Matt Murdoch. If you disagree then you don't know the character, history, or story of Daredevil that has been in print for so many decades. Matt's brooding, especially when alone. This movie hits it better than Bulls-Eye could hit his target. That made the whole move fantastic. Right, the interaction between Matt and Electra was silly in places (why does she so easily accept his blindness and yet accepts how well he fights and defends himself after knowing him 2 minutes???), and the politically correct move to make Kingpin African-American instead of white which he's been since the beginning was simply a move to garner PC support and DOES detract from the movie for those who know the real storyline of Daredevil and his nemesis. On this DVD, the Producer discusses how nobody could be cast better than the actor who played Kingpin and that may be true but it doesn't excuse the fact they they pandered. If I was African-American, I'd be upset they made the BAD guy black but Hollywood thinks they are being so progressive. Anyway, it's not a perfect film but it IS almost a perfect Daredevil movie.
B0000509C4|5.0|Whom ever these losers are with these low-quality opinions need to leave the real citisisum to the real movie buffs. I think that these two can really scare the pants off their viewers'. I love creepshow like annie wilks loved paul shelton. Ha!, that one's for stephen. I think that this goes down in the history of good horror's. No one these days can scare people like King and Ramano. I hope that stephen king's new horrow series on abc can capture the horror essence of the old classics. Jesus!,no one can scare us today like King did when I was a kid. Even as a woman today I still get chill's from his classic and wonderfully crafted horrors. Keep up the good work king and ramano!!!!<br />Your die hard and truthful fan,<BR>Quashana Denise Singleton          <br />Ps: Should have gotten 10 stars! **********Now!!!!
B00005JM02|5.0|I'm too old for these movies. I didn't see it with kids. I waited to see it on this DVD and I am sad that I didn't see it in the theatre with nephews and nieces.<br />  Surprisingly, Disney doesn't go overboard on their political correctness (just a few references trying to make fishing look bad but they fail, fortunately) and the rest is pure fun.<br />  Plus the kid (er, the fish, Nemo) loves his dad and for a Disney movie of late, that is rare and refreshing. usually, Disney makes fathers idiots. Here they show a loving father and his son who loves him back. Just a sweet and innocentg movie.<br />  And the animation is, as expected, marvellous. the humor is great for kids and some higher-level humor for adults (but no adult-only themes, thankfully, another rare Disney movie of late).
B000127LW2|1.0|Rather hard to give this DVD a rating since I haven't opened it yet.<BR>Having read most of the reviews on Amazon about substandard packaging. Helped me reach this decision, the fans of STV are being ripped off.  <BR>1 poor DVD case<BR>2 no labels on DVDs<BR>3 only 15 shows [yes the show did start in Jan]<BR>4 Prices range from $84.99 to $119.99 per set brand new.[same price as the full season of shows]<br />First thing tomorrow I will be returning my set for a full refund. Maybe this will help send a message to Star Trek organization. We are willing to pay the price but in return we expect to have a quality item
0385504209|1.0|The people who hate the movie &quot;The Passion of Christ&quot; will love this book. And they are the ones who will not go see the movie. Their hatred of Christ keeps them from being honest in their reviews.<br />  This book does act as a fair story. Obviously, it must to become one of the best all-time fiction books in the world. Yet, it is so simplistic and, worse, so blatently anti-Christian in its views. It doesn't just want to mock the roman Catholics, it also wants to mock the Protestants and it does so &quot;under the radar&quot; so that many readers won't see what is being done along the way of taking them from point A to point B.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I believe it should be lost... I can't believe anyone would consider the movie or Bill Murray for an oscar...and don't even get me started on Sofia Coppola&quot; This is a good title for the movie however, two weeks later we are still lost in the translation of this movie. However,my husband reccomends it as a alternative to a sleeping pill.
6302968100|3.0|This wasn't what I thought it would be. I expected a romance or something and it's all action. But for this kind of movie, it's fun but language is serious and violence is MORE serious. For Quentin Tarantino, it's about average which means an enjoyable violent, fun crime movie (as if violence is ever fun). But the stars in this blew me away: Brad Pitt, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette, Christopher Walken, Val Kilmer, Gary Oldman, and the list keeps going. Just when you think you've seen them all, another pops into the scene completely unexpected.<br />One of the wierd things about this, is that except for a VERY drunk and high Brad Pitt (perhaps playing himself) throughout, none of the big names made another appearance after you first saw them, and yet the way the story moved, this still works here.
0385504209|5.0|This is quite simply- the best book I have ever read.  Each time I got toward the end of a chapter, I just had to read the next.  The entire book has a &quot;film quality&quot; feel about it..meaning that I could picture the movie in my mind as I was reading it.  Excellent book and I highly recommend that you pick it up.  I was so surprised with the ending of this book that it reminded me of the movie &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;, which didn't reveal the &quot;secret&quot; until the very end.  I can't wait to see who portays the characters in this book when it hits the movie screens...!!!
B00003CXB4|2.0|Yes, I admit, the new age &quot;circle of life&quot; stuff is horribly predictible and trite. But if the music were shorter, more enjoyable, and the story paced faster, the new age junk wouldn't matter.<br />  But in this movie, the circle-of-life stuff just keeps... circling right back to us, the audience, over and over and it gets old fast.<br />  I know I'm in the minority here. I don't rate this as a classic. I typically give the benefit of the doubt to movies and I typically rate them higher than they deserve. Actually, I'm doing that here too by not giving it ONE star. But the animation is good enough to warrant the second star on its own, the story is worth 0.
B0000640SA|5.0|I personally didn't find the storyline to be paticually confusing, but have spoken to some very smart people who have.  The film is basically told backwards in short increments, so you feel the same as the antagonist, Leonard, who has lost his short term memory.  <BR>Leonard's only mission in life is to find his wife's rapist and killer.  Because he lost his short term memory, he has all the information that will lead to finding him tatooed to his body.  Guy Pearce is a nice looking man, but wow, those tatoos were pretty freaky looking.  The ending of this film is not one that can be guessed; not by a longshot, unlike the ending to The Usual Suspects,  which I was told was a shocker but I figured out long before it came.  In any case, this is definately a movie to watch while your fully awake and was very entertaining.  I just don't know if I can ever watch it again--now that I know the end, it will never be the same.
B00005JMCN|4.0|I'm not big on horse movies.<br />I'm not big on it's-obvious-the-guy-will-win-the-race kinds of movies.<br />I'm not thrilled with Tobey Maguire (although Spider-Man was the best superhero movie, overall, ever made in spite of him and in some SMALL way because of him).<br />This won me over anyway. It's a feel-good story. You'll read all kinds of other things and reviews about it, but it's a fell-good story in the end and it does that adequately... no very well.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This and Princess Mononoke are the two best animated films I have ever seen.  This is a film I would happily watch with the kids over and over.  Of course, being a Miyazaki film, it's beautiful.  That's a given.  And what everyone has said is true: it IS like a Japanese Alice in Wonderland.  But I love Alice in Wonderland, so a Japanese version (which, storyline wise, is just as creative and still different in many ways) is fine by me.  It's like nothing in American theatres, so it will feel completely fresh while your watching it.  It's a masterpiece.
B00009L1TA|3.0|This is getting low reviews and it doesn't deserve them.... completely. the movie, especially the ending, is surprising. We never really know what's going on although we think we do. regular movie goers will probably be able to tell SOME of what is really happening (you may be able to guess fairly early who the bad guy really is if you see a lot of movies) but even if you guess a LOT, the ending will still provide many surprises for you and the ending will make you WANT TO SEE THE MOVIE AGAIN FROM THE BEGINNING. Go ahead because it is better the 2nd time.
B0000047CW|5.0|Go to your nearest music store or get on the Net and buy this album right now.  Skip dinner, skip the latest episode of &quot;Survivor,&quot; skip tonight's poker game, do yourself a favor, go buy this album.  Incredible as it seems to me now, this is the 3rd album I ever bought back in 1963, after Martin Denny's &quot;Quiet Village&quot; and Joan Baez's &quot;In Concert,&quot; and it just blew me away.  I just played this album about an hour ago and it still takes my breath away because it is so astonishingly beautiful, melodic, rhythmic and completely original.  Jazz Samba is firmly ensconced in my own personal Pantheon of the greatest pop albums ever made.  I mean right there with Sergeant Pepper, Fanfare for the Common Man, Graceland, September of My Years, Kind of Blue, Court and Spark, Highway 61 Revisited, Will the Circle Be Unbroken?, Waylon Jenning's Dreamin' My Dreams, Gordon Lightfoot's Saturday Concert, and Eric Clapton's Unplugged. No matter what kind of music you like---classical, symphonic, swing, country, rock, cool jazz, Dixieland jazz, calypso, soul, hip-hop, bluegrass, folk---you are going to love this music and the bossa nova form this album put on the contemporary musical roadmap. It is interesting to keep in mind that Jazz Samba and the sweet guitar music of Charlie Byrd and rich breathy vibrato of Stan Getz's saxophone caught the public's attention so thoroughly when it was released that it was the number 1 album, across all genres, for several weeks in 1962.  <br />So, get set for one of the most memorable musical experiences of your life.  You'll be hearing a most unusual marriage of tenor saxophone with acoustic guitar, with the two congenial partners exchanging the most engaging musical conversations imaginable, weaving in and out of each other's solos with immaculate beauty and terrific melodies you'll be humming for the rest of your time on this alternately amusing and perplexing little planet.  Let the rhythm of Brazil, the great songwriting of Antonio Carlos Jobim and other bossa nova tunesmiths, and American jazz virtuosity waft thru your home or car stereo and let Jazz Samba introduce you to messrs. Byrd, Getz, Gene Byrd (bass, guitar), Keter Betts (bass), Buddy Deppenschmidt (drums) and Bill Reichenbach (drums).  In addition to all of its other attributes, this album has an extraordinary intimacy about it; you feel as though you're sitting right in the middle of this small 5-piece band as they trade off solos with each other.  Their warm, breezy, haunting musicianship will make you a bossa nova fan for life, and I genuinely believe that you will know that you have experienced an archetype.  There are other great, great bossa nova albums from this era, among them &quot;Getz-Gilberto,&quot; &quot;Black Orpheus,&quot; &quot;Jazz Samba Encore,&quot; &quot;Bossa Nova Pelos Passaros,&quot; but this is the one that shook the world.  Forty+plus years later, let it shake yours.  Among the great attributes of this album is that it possesses two of the loveliest, most unforgettable songs ever recorded:  &quot;Desafinado&quot; and &quot;The One Note Samba,&quot; both of which were written by Brazil's great composer, Jobim.  This gifted songwriter (lovingly called &quot;Tom&quot; by the Brazilians) died in 1994 at the age of 66; Stan Getz died in 1991 at the age of 64; Charlie Byrd died in 1999 at 74 (one month shy of seeing the new millenium). But they live again through this timeless album, which by the way, was recorded in ONE DAY day on February 13, 1962, in Pierce Hall at the All Soul's Unitarian Church in Washington, D.C.  Once hearing Jazz Samba, you will agree that this hall was clearly an acoustically-warm, perfect venue for making a ground-breaking album.  An excellent sanctuary for Stan, Charlie and friends to get together to materialize a music form that was very new to American ears and something that still sounds like a unique type of gospel to me.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I want to make my reviews accurate. If I rated this low because I don't want violence in movies, I wouldn't be being honest to you. My preference shouldn't reflect how well the movie does the job it tried to do.<br />  This movie wants to shock you and be violent and try to do both of those things with a sense of humor. That is what is does too. So it warrants 5 stars for doing exactly what it tries to do.<br />  I liked the movie and I don't like these kinds of movies. But I don't like them because I don't want it to make others think violence is normal and fun. This does make it seem like fun. That is wrong. But the movie does this better than any I've seen.
B00002SSKI|5.0|\\"Now and Then\\" is a very great depiction of growing up..<BR>And it features the early days of 2 of now our greatest and most sexiest actresses Thora Birch (here she is a blonde) and my favorite Christina Ricci..They shine as does the other 2 girls in this more then wonderful movie..The movie features a fantastic 1970s Classic Rock soundtrack..It covers all areas of what 70s Classic Rock was..Pick up the cd soundtrack while you are at it along with this dvd..The only downside on this dvd is there is SADLY No Behind The Scenes..I wish they would have behind the scenes and bloopers of this movie would have been great..<BR>And even better would be a reunion of the cast..Coz i am wondering what ever became of the other 2 actresses in this movie with Ricci & Birch..And this too i think they could have casted the \\"older\\" versions of the girls better then they did..Rosie O Donnell as the older Christina Ricci in Rosie's dreams..The only one of the \\"older\\" versions that is really believable that can really picture is Melanie Griffith as the \\"older\\" Thora Birth..But they are not in this movie long thankfully..They are only in start and end with maybe a total time of 5 minutes or a tad more..Not enough to ruin this great movie..The movie focuses thankfully more on Ricci / Birch and the girls..Other then what i just mentioned this is one of the greatest films you will ever see..And if you had been between ages 5 and teen years in the 1970s it will bring back loads of memories..Everything from the opening scene of the girls playing \\"red rover red rover let (put your name here) come over\\" to the music to the looks and just things did as a kid and teen in those days..It is reinacted sooooo well that you can't even tell this is a 1995 movie..The sets the feeling is total 70s..It is recreated magnificentally..I am 38 this year *2004* and it brought back many memories for me..Christina Ricci here reminds me sooooo much of My Beloved Mandy when we first met right down to a priceless basketball scene..So this movie has sentimental value to me..Watch this movie maybe it will touch you in that way too..But either way i can guarentee that it will bring back memories..It will be a fun filled viewing exsperiance..A kind of a early teen girl version of Stand By Me..Enjoyable Fun and Wonderful filmed movie adds up fun for all no matter when your generation is.NOT TO BE MISSED<BR>Gets better with every single time you watch it..A must for any fan of the one and only Christina Ricci..If you are a fan of Christina Ricci and you don't have this movie get this movie to prove you are her fan..Christina Ricci Rules......
B00005JLKB|4.0|I have been a fan of Superman all my life, through many continuities and adaptations.  Is this the BEST version of the legend?  No.  At least not when judged by the standards of the first season.<BR>With a new show, it often takes a while to find the right footing with which to portray your characters abd situations to their best effect.  The second and third seasons of 'Smallville' show a quantum leap in improvement as regards quality and content.  Nevertheless, this box set is a great jumping on point for those unfamiliar with the show, or with the Superman mythos in general.  As a new beginning, this show has taken the story of the world's first (and greatest) superhero to a new level.  The special effects are stellar, and the cast works hard to make the outrageous premises believable. <BR>That being said, the one gripe about Season One in general is that there are too many episodes which rely on the premise of Kryptonite (in the show at this point, they say 'meteor rocks') affecting a Smallville teen and causing a new supervillain.  But these problems have been ironed out in subsequent seasons, so that the initial premise now seems kind of . . . sweet, in a nostalgic sort of way.  <BR>All things considered, since this is the BEST version of the Superman mythos ever committed to live action )when based on what comes next), and any quibbles with the minor drawbacks are . . . minor.   I  would recommend this one to anyone from eight to eighty who loves the character, or anyone who loves stories about outsiders trying to make it in a hostile world.
055357342X|5.0|If only I could could rate this book with a million stars. I cannot believe how great, amazing (there are not not even words) this series is, and it isn't even finished yet!!!. The story is incredibly extense yet easy to follow, there are lots of characters and they are all spectacular, their development troughout the story is simply fantastic. You just can't put it down, I can't wait for the last three book left, I hope it never ends.  If you are thinking about buying this book, DO IT!!, and get it for your friends also.
0385510438|5.0|This is a page-turner and I was happy to read a Grisham novel where the action had moved somewhat away from the courtroom for which he is famous. Finally the outcome is kept a secret until the last page and that makes this novel as fantastic as his first. Strongly recommend reading &quot;the last juror&quot;, then you love Grisham. He has done it again.
0790731509|5.0|I personally loved this movie. The story is interesting, with a minimum of twists and turns. This movie is entertainment at its best. Luke, who is arrested for maliciously destroying federal property, (cutting the heads off of parking meters) is sent to jail for two years. He is as his name implies-cool. He has very little to say, but when he speaks, the other cons listen. Suffice it to say that he's a man who can win lots of cigarettes and money in the big house. Many humorous moments can be found in the opening hour, such as Luke's consumption of fifty eggs ('nobody ever 'et fitty eggs before) but are used sparsely in the last half. The viewer, after an hour starts to see, that even though Luke is a messiah to the other inmates, he is essentially flawed. His family life is less than satisfactory, and when his mother dies, he is expected to 'lose it', and if numerous attempts of fleeing jail is 'losing it' Luke is crazier than Hannibal Lecter. Now, what I sincerely love about this movie is that Luke is an excellent guy, he is calm and clear-headed and refuses to be just another prisoner. He is, in the end a human, but a human with a better vision for what he wants his life to be. Expect no happy ending, just watch, please. This movie is superb.
0792163710|5.0|Greatest western ever made...&quot;Tombstone&quot; second.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|Wow, where to begin. This movie is a work of art, but not in the traditional sense, it is hardly subtle, (but who expects a movie like this to be a subtle film?) and is essentially about a man who is dedicated only to fulfilling his own vices. Tony Montana, a self proclaimed 'political prisoner' from Cuba is hungry for what he has coming to him (the world, and everything in it) and nothing stops him, not his bosses who he eventually assassinates or his enemies, who don't even truly win the fight against him.<BR> I don't intend to write a transcript of the story, I'd rather focus on reviewing the film. Al Pacino plays Tony perfectly. You have to constantly remind yourself that Al isn't from Cuba, and that he played a quiet, dark mafia kingpin in the Godfather trilogy. De Palma's directing is at its best. The other characters, annoying as they may be are also very good actors and deserve kudos for their excellent chops. I love this movie, and sincerely wish a higher rating could be given.
B00005O3VC|5.0|I can't write a review for this... There's such a huge ammount of stuff in it. All I can say is that it is hilarious and anyone who considers themselves fans of comedy should own it.<br />And look hard: there's a lot of silly things happening in the background that really add to the film.
B00013BN4S|5.0|Although this wasn't my first introduction to Emmylou (first hearing her harmonize with Linda Ronstadt on her HEART LIKE A WHEEL album) it was my first time I heard her singing solo. It was because of this album that Emmylou has remained my favorite musical artist for over 25 years now. Listening to it after all this time gives me the same thrill as it did in 1975 when I first heard it and knew I had to see this singer in concert ASAP, which I did that same year. <br />My favorite cut, is without a doubt, BOULDER TO BIRMINGHAM since it's also my all-time favorite Emmylou song. My least favorite is probably FOR NO ONE and perhaps for no particular reason other than I never was a big Beatles fan and this always reminds me of the Beatles. I do like THE BOTTLE LET ME DOWN but then I'm a big Merle Haggard fan so there you go.<br />I love Herb Pedersen's harmonies on IF I CAN ONLY WIN YOUR LOVE, making it another favorite cut. BEFORE BELIEVING is also a favorite as is SLEEPLESS NIGHTS. The others, BLUEBIRD WINE, COAT OF MANY COLORS, QUEEN OF THE SILVER DOLLAR although enjoyable fit somewhere in the middle. TOO FAR GONE fits somewhere between the favorites and the middle. <br />What strikes me most on this early album is the way her voice hasn't changed that much. Her voice is so pristine in this album and although I do note a grittiness in her voice not there previously, her voice is still strong and so distinctive.<br />Ranking of this on my favorite Emmylou CDs? Probably #1. Probably because of BOULDER TO BIRMINGHAM and IF I CAN ONLY WIN YOUR LOVE but because it struck me so emotionally the first time I ever heard it. And also likely because the first two of three times I saw Emmylou in concert this was the only album she had out so these songs are indelibly etched in my brain. Anyway, this album is a MUST if you're a true Emmylou fan
B00007JVBI|3.0|I like this album but I don't think it is the best Cat Power album out there.  I definintly think that Free is an awesome song. AS always the lyrics are thoughful and powerful, and her voice is amazing.  If you haven't heard Cat Power before  I would recommend that you listen to some of the earlier albums like my personal favorite &quot;What Would the Community Think&quot;.
B0000DCGT0|5.0|Although I like horses, and have been to a few local horse races, neither are subjects I'm particularly exited about.  <br />As a voracious reader, the book held little or no interest to me. But my husband saw the movie when he was out of town, loved it and highly recommended it. <br />I first bought the book and had barely started it - but was enjoying it - when the opportunity came for me to buy the DVD.  We are in our mid 50s and are not ones to watch TV late at night. We are also not huge movie-goers or renters.  We put this in at midnight and I was completely enthralled from the beginning.  Not only that but afterwards we were wanted to know more and watched several of the bonus features, finally giving up and going to bed at 3:00 AM.  <br />This was such an enjoyable movie - one about second chances not only for a broken horse but for three broken men.  I highly recommend this movie especially for those who are tired of the sex and violence which sweem to run rampant in many films today.  I am now off to finish reading the book.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Lost in Translation is the best movie of 2003 - Written and directed by Sofia Coppola, this movie stars Bill Murray who plays the character of Bob Harris,  an out-of-work actor and a has-been that's in Japan doing Whiskey commercial.  Bob is lost in his life and going through a mid life crisis.  In Tokyo, he meets up Charlotte played by the beautiful Scarlett Johansson.  Charlotte is in Tokyo with her photographer husband and is equally lost trying to find her place in this world.<br />As the movie progresses, Bob and Charlotte form a friendship that starts to deepen into a budding romance as these two lost souls find each other.  The movie does an incredible job of capturing these two people as they find each other in Tokyo.  The visuals are just incredible and the movie does an amazing job of capturing the magnificent vistas in Japan.<br />The extras on the DVD make it worth owing this DVD.  I think the 20 seconds of Bill Murray dancing in his robe in the 'Making Of' section is worth the price of the DVD.  The one thing that I was disappointed with was the lack of director's commentary on the DVD.<br />This is a really great movie that's also very funny which is to be expected with Bill Murray.  There are just to many great scenes and funny lines to list here, but the movie will have you laughing.  I would have to say that this is Bill Murray's best non-comedic performance to date.<br />I love the ending of the movie - Sofia has an amazing take on the romantic, teary goodbye and I just love the way that scene includes a private moment between the characters.  People will be guessing for years as to what was said between the characters.  The soundtrack is also really great with the appropriate song playing at the right time, including the ending.  A must-have DVD for any movie lover's collection.
B00013BN4S|5.0|Emmylou Harris is one of my all-time favorite (female) artists. I loved her when she was with Gram Parsons, and this debut album (on Reprise label) is fantastic.<br />The one complaint I have is the way WEA re-masters these classic albums by Emmylou (Quarter Moon, Luxury Liner, Pieces of the Sky, Elite Hotel, Blue Kentucky Girl and Roses in the Snow).  They add 2 un-released track on each album.  To a fan like me, who has everything Emmylou has released up to this point, in order for me to get these unreleased tracks I must double up on all these albums.  I think this is unfair.  I wish WEA would make one album with these 12 un-released tracks, and I would pay a premium for this one album.  <br />Anyway, to the lucky people who did not buy the original releases, they are in for a real treat.  But the long time fans, lose out unless we choose to spend alot of money on cds which we already have in order to get a few extra tracks.
B000127LW2|4.0|It's nice to see the Voyager crew again. The packaging for the DVD set, however, is the cheesiest I've ever seen, cheap flimsy plastic cover and brittle orange plastic disc holder. Capt. Janeway deserves better.
B0000CABBW|5.0|I just watched this DVD and I could not believe how it moved me! I am NOT a watcher of &quot;artsy-fartsy&quot; movies and the only thing I really knew about this movie was that Keisha Castle-Hughes was nominated for an Oscar. This little girl was amazing. Her acting was flawless - actually, it didn't seem as though she WAS acting, which makes it all the better.<br />The movie made me cry, laugh and learn quite a bit about a different culture.<br />The relationship she has with her grandfather was facinating to me and the encouragement from her grandmother and rest of the family was heartwarming.<br />I loved this movie. The soundtrack added such depth to the film, the scenery was beautiful. I would HIGHLY recommend this movie.
B000069HZP|4.0|Last night I was surfing the channels trying to find something entertaining and found &quot;The Game&quot;.....What I was immediately struck by was Douglas' close resemblance to his character in &quot;Wall Street'....but in this film his personality, if you want to call it that, is much more restrained. <BR>Stated simply, his life is essentially a boring repetition of getting up in the morning, eating breakfast in the kitchen with Elsa, his housekeeper, portrayed by Carol Baker, and going to work.....Enter his brother 'Connie', portrayed by Sean Penn, who introduces him to 'CRS'.....as a birthday gift....He is at home one night and decides that perhaps watching the stock market report is not challenging him anymore so the next day he heads to CRS....<BR>The first thing I noted was despite his retrained personality, he allowed a group of people who he only knew as &quot;CRS&quot; to take him apart, psychologically and physically (they did allot of testing e.g. treadmill etc.)....he allowed this to happen even tho he could not find out what was the essence of 'the game'....I am adventurous but NOT to the point where I would allow that to happen....frankly find it hard to believe that an investment banker would just accept this kind of thing.<BR>His adventures, as he gets further and further into 'the game', are what intrigued me. I will not state what the end was like because I feel it rude to do that.....However, I will say that it was refreshing to watch this all unfold.....<br />&quot;White Rabbit&quot; was the theme song thru most of the film.....I think whoever selected that song was right on target because Alice suffered the same consequences when her curiosity got the best of her.......
B000001ZSF|5.0|A lot of the purists prefer his &quot;analogue monsters&quot;... but for me, this album is the one I listen to the most.  I don't know how hard he worked on it, or how he feels himself about the resulting masterpiece: but the sheer emotions rasied by the sounds of the synths and the subtle guitars - played by fellow Frenchman Patrick Rondat [now with Elegy] - are unmatchable.<BR>Part 4 was quite a big single in France I believe, and it is kinda &quot;short and catchy&quot; in the same way that Oxygne 4 was back in its day... but there are some lengthy numbers that just take their time (oh I'm so funny) and produce extreme listener satisfaction.<BR>If you're missing a few Jarre albums, or you're still thinking about which one to buy first - look no further!  This's the one you want!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Let's face it, all you want to know about this you can get from websites or the description up there; so I'm not gonna bother describing. This is just to throw my 5 stars into the pot.<br />How do you feel when you love something? I love this series. I actually checked it's ranking in Amazon.com, something I've never done before, and was psyched to see it in the top 50 sellers. I want it to do well; I want everyone to see it, because I think they'll love it too. This is as close to perfection as it gets for a show. You have to pay attention to it; you can't just put it in and ignore it. It's better written than anything on American TV today. Which is probably why it was canceled.<br />I don't hold out hope for a sequel, but I do hold out hope for a movie.
B000002KHH|5.0|This record is has some of the best sabbath songs ever.<BR>1.War pigs- HEAVY! cool bass lines, awesome solos, great lyrics that can apply to today (President Bush)-10/10<BR>2.Paranoid- great to bang your head to, way ahead of it's time-10/10<BR>3.Planet Caravan-soft, cool bass lines,psychedelic, and a very jazz inspired solo, feels like an acid trip-9.5/10<BR>4.Iron man-classic! very quick bass from geezer during the solo, and the opening chords give me goosebumps.-10/10<BR>5.Electric funeral-One of my favorite songs, so simple, yet so dark and evil. Brilliant!10/10<BR>6.Hand of doom- awesome riffs, lyrics about drugs, tempo changes, GREAT!-10/10<BR>7.Rat Salad- very cool instrumental with an amazing drum solo-10/10<BR>8.Fairies wear boots-this song is some of geezer's finest bass work, and overall very bluesy feel, pure genius.-10/10<br />So buy this record now, and if you play guitar or bass learn every song on here and then buy the other great five sabbath records, but DO NOT buy anything but the ozzy era. peace
B00003CXB4|5.0|Its a great dvd set and an even better movie, i loved it ever since it first came out and now, its still great. the only dissapointment is, i think, that the jungle safari always makes you die! but its minor. the music and voices were great.<br />hope this was helpful
B000127LW2|3.0|I have all of TNG and DS9 on DVD, and I was very dissapointed with the pricing on this set.  Only 5 DVDs, and about the same price.<br />Also, the featurettes are not as extensive as on TNG and DS9.  I still enjoyed the episodes, but Paramount's taking advantage of fans on this one.
B0000AQVCL|4.0|If you've seen that IPod commercial that is constantly running on television, then you should be familiar with the band Jet. They can best be classified as a garage rock band, but in a way they can also be considered \\"retro\\", because their music kind of sounds like `60s rock. But even if you don't like that kind of music, you should still be able to enjoy this album.<br />I think the leadoff single \\"Are You Gonna Be My Girl\\" is the best song on the album, but there are also other great songs like \\"Rollover D.J.\\", \\"Get Me Outta Here\\" and \\"Last Chance\\". Mellow songs are also good, like \\"Move On\\", \\"Come Around Again\\" and especially \\"Look What You've Done\\".<br />Are there any missteps on this album? Well, maybe a few. I agree with the reviewers that said that the experimental \\"Cold Hard B\\" could've stayed behind; and as for \\"Take It Or Leave It\\", I would do the latter. Also, as much as I love \\"Radio Song\\", it sounds too much like \\"Look What You've Done\\". But Get Born is still a great album. I was originally going to wait until my local library had it, but I couldn't stand it so I just went out and purchased a copy. That's what you should do, too.<br />Anthony Rupert
B00005JM02|5.0|Finding Nemo is the BEST children's movie I have ever seen!  And the best part is, it's not only for kids, I think it is very funny and enjoyable for adults and children alike.
B00005B36H|4.0|Alright....First off, Opeth deserves everything they've ever gotten and more.<BR>Secondly, Mayhem have an album with a very dead...umm....dead on the cover and his brains leaking out from behind.<BR>Third....Didn't cobain use a gun to kill himself...so what's with the word actually in your sentence?<BR>Fourth...there have been some great american bands....Nile, Deicide, Morbid Angel, Pig destroyer....should I continue? So next time you wish to display your vast musical knowledge....make sure you have some.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|This is one of the few rock albums ever released that is almost impossible to over praise.  One can heap on the superlatives, pile on a few more, and still have room for even more laurels.  It is probably by any standard one of the five greatest albums released in the rock era, unquestionably the greatest album released by a band with its roots in punk, the greatest explicitly political album ever released by someone who was not Bob Dylan, and one of those rare albums that doesn't seem to age at all.  There isn't a weak cut on the album.  In fact, the songs are not merely good but great.<br />Although The Clash started off as a punk band, they were never adequately defined by that phenomenon.  Although rooted in the attitudes and political sympathies of the punk movement (and above all else, English Punk, as opposed to the earlier American Punk, was highly political; originator Malcolm McLaren was deeply influenced by Guy Debord and the Situationist International, and included many political ideas in promoting the Sex Pistols and his punk fashions), The Clash quickly outgrew the punk aesthetic.  While most of the original punks were merely two-chords-and-a-cloud-of-dust bands, the Clash almost immediately began effortlessly and seamlessly assimilating a host of musical influenced.  They were the first rock band, for instance, to use reggae rhythms and not make them sound like a gimmick (compare The Clash's extraordinary \\"The Guns of Brixton\\" with Led Zeppelin's \\"D'yer Maker,\\" which while good sounds a bit like a novelty song, while The Clash sound like they ripped the song off some Jamaicans).  The songs are remarkably sophisticated and polished, even when they sound casually.  For instance, check out the almost haphazard way \\"Jimmy Jazz\\" starts, as if the band can't decide whether to allow the opening riff develop into a full fledged song.  Even when it gets fully underway, there is an effortless looseness to the song that persists throughout the impeccably orchestrated song.  It is a masterpiece of nonchalant virtuosity.<br />Most of the songs are so brilliantly original to seem almost impossible.  It isn't just that the songs are original; nothing else even remotely like many of them had ever been done before.  Where is the predecessor of \\"Hateful\\"?  Who cooked up \\"Lost in the Supermarket,\\" with its amazing conglomeration of political and social ideas?  Before hearing \\"The Right Profile,\\" could anyone have imagined it possible to write a classic about Montgomery Cliff's car wreck?  Even songs that remind one vaguely of previous songs manage to sound underivative.  For instance, there is more than a little Phil Spector's wall of sound in \\"The Card Cheat,\\" but where do those horns come from?<br />A mark of the genius of this album can be seen in the fact that although it is one of the great leftist albums of all time, the most reactionary rock fan could still love every song.  It is unquestionably great political rock, but more than that it is just flat out awesome rock.  It is almost as if The Clash recreated on this album all the rebelliousness contained in the first rockers of the 1950s.<br />These days, when every other album seems to be getting special expanded versions, this one truly could benefit from such treatment.  The liner notes on the current U.S. edition are nonexistent.  Hopefully this will be corrected at some point in the relatively near future.rated song.  It is a masterpiece of nonchalant virtuosity.  <br />Most of the songs are so brilliantly original to seem almost impossible.  It isn't just that the songs are original; nothing else even remotely like many of them had ever been done before.  Where is the predecessor of \\"Hateful\\"?  Who cooked up \\"Lost in the Supermarket,\\" with its amazing conglomeration of political and social ideas?  Before hearing \\"The Right Profile,\\" could anyone have imagined it possible to write a classic about Montgomery Cliff's car wreck?  Even songs that remind one vaguely of previous songs manage to sound underivative.  For instance, there is more than a little Phil Spector's wall of sound in \\"The Card Cheat,\\" but where do those horns come from?<br />A mark of the genius of this album can be seen in the fact that although it is one of the great leftist albums of all time, the most reactionary rock fan could still love every song.  It is unquestionably great political rock, but more than that it is just flat out awesome rock.  It is almost as if The Clash recreated on this album all the rebelliousness contained in the first rockers of the 1950s.  <br />These days, when every other album seems to be getting special expanded versions, this one truly could benefit from such treatment.  The liner notes on the current U.S. edition are nonexistent.  Hopefully this will be corrected at some point in the relatively near future.
B000059HCN|5.0|I watched this movie late last night and had a very disturbed sleep.  Even though it's been 20 hours since I watched this film, I can't shake it from my mind.  The movie gives a real picture of the evils of addiction.  The music and special affects are brilliant.  You have to see it.
B00014TJ6Q|5.0|Beyond All Things Must Pass, Cloud 9 and the Live in Japan CD,  I was completely unfamilar with any of George's other solo material.  This is an awesome CD.  I was not disappointed at all.  There is not a bad song on this CD.  Its cool to hear the solo version of Not Guilty and compare it to the Beatles  &quot;Version&quot; that appeared on Anthology 3.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|This is a perfect entry in the vacation series.  It is packed with howls of laughter.  This movie will have you rolling on your floor laughing like you've never laughed before.  But.....just because it's a christmas movie doesn't really mean it's a kids holiday movie.  I don't really know if it's ok for your kids to watch, I mean, i let my kdis watch it and they laughed really hard, but it did have crude humor and some pretty fowl language.  You better watch it first and make a choise.  Anyway, this special edition is quite nice.  With a very entertaining commentary with the griswalds and alot of other special features, it's well worth the price.  Go ahead and get it.  You won't be dissapointed
B00005QIPH|4.0|This is a godd debut(not the best) and (in my opinion) better than room on fire. It sounds like the stooges playing television-esqe(????????) riffs with ol' julian trying his hardest to sound like a more passionate lou reed(he sounds A LOT like him on &quot;modern age&quot;). The guitars are pretty simple like the stooges, but spikier and more wirery like television. dig it? And everything is poppier, while trying to seem intelligent enough for the indie cult. This is good, pretty fun and cacthy music, but it doesnt really pull the whole intelligence act too well.
6304698526|5.0|I love this movie as do most reviewers have seen it dozens of times since original release but would like to clarify the famous san francisco street driving scenes..the actual jumpinng,driving stuntwork was done by BUD ELKINS who also did the motorcycle jump in the GREAT  ESCAPE.this was due to filming insurance directives..this can be verified in the book FRENCH KISS WITH DEATH THE MAKING OF LE MANS MOVIE..a great book with numerous unpublished photos full bio and movie history re STEVE MCQUEEN I bought thru amazon 3 yrs ago...also great photos of MONACO WRISTWATCH
B00008BXJF|5.0|In case you haven't been keeping up with the Crims lately, you may want to grab this disc. People have been waiting to pronounce KC dead... and this disc will make the wait even longer and more satisfying.<BR>   I don't get easily excited with music today, as flash is marketed more than form. This disc blew me away. Where TCOL was merely a warm up, this is a tour-de-force. Think Red on major steroids. And the funny thing about it is that the two guitarists are both over 50!<BR>   Almost everything works here, but there are a few songs which are good enough to warrant the purchase of this disc. &quot;Level 5&quot; is a beast that pummels the listener into submission. &quot;Dangerous Curves&quot; is one of the most appropriately titled instrumentals ever. &quot;Happy...&quot; is an attack on today's mainstream which is pretty deserving of any and all criticism.<BR>   I have listened to Crimson for many years now, and I can honestly say that if this is the best Crimson release of all time, it cannot be far away. Stunning!
B00007KWI9|1.0|Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.
B00005JMCT|1.0|If there were any concept of talent or justice in Hollywood, Jesse Dylan would not be allowed to direct another film as long as he lived. I watched this film with my expectations set about as low as I could possibly set them. And amazingly the film was even worse. <br />For those who don't know, the American Pie movies, of which this is the third, are a series of comedies that want to have their American Pie and eat it, by opting for both trying to gross us out and then claiming a kind of cloying moral message at the end,. These kids are desperate for sex, but of course at the end of it, they always do see that there's more to life than sex. <br />And, naturally, because the films have to cop out anyway to satisfy what they see as a hormonally challenged teen target audience, they get the sex as well.<br />The first of the films did surprise a little by the eventual maturity of its message, even though - as I said - it still compromised so thoroughly that the message rang kind of hollow. It wasn't much of a movie, but there was at least the claim of a sweet conventional morality to it. The second one was pretty much more of the same.<br />Still, average to weak as they were, they were Citizen Kane compared to American Pie 3, which is made with the lowest level of technical proficiency I've seen on the big screen in a long while.<br />In this chapter, which we've been told  - thank the powers above for small blessings - will be the final one, Jim (Jason Biggs) and his longtime girlfriend Michelle (Alyson Hannigan) have decided to get married. Of course hilarity ensues even during the proposal which Jim fudges so completely that Michelle thinks he's requesting an embarrassing sexual favour in public. Jim's buddies Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) and Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas) are willing to help on hand to help with the arrangments, but despite their best efforts they can't keep the obnoxious Steve \\"Stifmeister\\" Stifler (Seann William Scott) out of the picture. He's the one who - even more than the rest - has only one thing on his mind, <br />Both Finch and Stiffler find themselves in even more conflict when Michelle's younger sister, Cadence (January Jones), turns up, and they are both interested in her. <br />So, the scene is set. The movie has a lot to play with. After all, so many things can go wrong in the run up to a wedding, and there's always that old fall back of the disastrous bachelor party and losing the ring. Written by Adam Herz - you should know who to blame - American Pie 3 does every predictable thing you can think of but does most of them so badly that you hardly notice. <br />Director Jesse Dylan appears unable to direct, his cinematographer Lloyd Ahern II, appears unable to light, and editor Stuart Pappe appears to have two hands full of thumbs. And no sense of rhythm. If you doubt my comments on the cinematography and you are unfortunate enough to see this film, look particularly at the lighting in the car scenes, where a huge light seems to be hidden just under the dashboard. If you want to check out why I say the editing is so bad, just watch a dance scene in a gay bar where Stiffler struts his stuff to outdance a gay dancer. It's about as badly filmed and edited as you can possibly imagine such a sequence being.<br />I am a great fan of Allyson Hannigan, who I liked a lot as Willow in the Buffy the Vampire Slayer TV series, but she's wasted here, and you spend a lot of time feeling sorry for her - in the relatively brief sequences she's on screen.  Seann William Scott has been much better than this, even in the awful Bulletproof Monk. And in Evolution. Here he mugs so excruciatingly at times you wonder whether the director is really this bad or whether Scott's doing it to get back at him for something. Eugene Levy as Jim's dad has a couple of good scenes, but it's all repetition from the earlier films. <br />And of course there's the gross out stuff. The pie of the first movie becomes an engagement cake, a doglicks someone's crotch, dog excrement gets mistaken for chocolate truffle, pubic hair ends up all over a wedding cake, and of course there are numerous scenes where dubious sexual activity, or actions mistaken for dubious sexual activity take place. It's all like an update of the old - and even then tiresome - Brian Rix farces that used to grace the English stage.
B00007KWHP|1.0|Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.
B00005JMEW|5.0|\\"Kill Bill\\" looks like a tongue in cheek Valentine's Day card to a whole range of sensationalistic and schlocky movies. There are homages to Blaxploitation movies, to Chinese kung fu and swordplay films, to samurai films, and to Japanese manga (or animation). <br />The story doesn't seem all that important. It's certainly not complicated. On her wedding day a pregnant woman initially known as the Bride and later known as \\"Black Mamba\\" (played by Uma Thurman) is shot and left for dead by a group of assassins from the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad headed by Bill (David Carradine). After she awakens from a coma she resolves to get revenge on Bill and the assassins.<br />From that moment on \\"Kill Bill\\" is a simple revenge movie, of the kind that dominated Shaw Brothers output in the seventies. It's also an exercise in style that both admires and sends up the movies its based on.<br />Among the evil characters Black Mamba is coming up against a O-Ren Ishii/Cottonmouth (played by Lucy Liu), Elle Driver also known as California Mountain Snake (played by Daryl Hannah), Michael Madsen as Budd or Sidewinder, and Viveca A Fox as Vernita Green aka Copperhead.<br />We can't know what Tarantino's entire plan is until we see part two, but part one does show Tarantino at the peak of ihis craft. He manages to veer from tension to violence to humour from sequence to sequence. But to laugh, you need to be willing to take cartoon-like violence (quite literally in a cartoon at one point) and buckets and buckets of blood. There are also a lot of dismembered body parts flying around the screen. When heads get chopped off, blood spurts 10 feet up into the air like a fountain, in a completely unrealistic way. <br />Overall the movie is a masterful exercise in style, and a very knowing one. We're invited to stand back and look at it almost as an essay in the movies its quoting. In that sense it's almost like a Godard film.<br />Tarantino's much helped in all this by cinematographer RobertRichardson, who also shot Oliver Stone's \\"Natural Born Killers\\". Like Natural Born Killers, this one uses a lot of different techniques and looks, as well as some stunning camera movements. As it's a homage to 1970's exploitation movies the music on the soundtrack is mostly cheesy 1970's stuff. <br />But my main reservation about Tarantino, at least on the basis of his first two films., comes to the fore again. He's great at style, he's great at coolness, but he's really not so hot on presenting emotion or characters we can care about. Even the horrors that lead to the whole revenge scenario are underplayed stylistically, chopped up and rearranged so we're not too involved in them. That's one thing that's NOT like the movies he's quoting, where the original action that starts that course of revenge is usually shown graphically enough to tie our stomachs in knots and encourage us to root for the main characters. <br />Yuen Wo-ping is credited as Martial Arts Advisor rather than Martial Arts Choreographer, and I think there's a good reason for that. Often during action scenes on this kind of movie you feel that the director has taken a break while the martial arts guys do their stuff. Here, as on \\"Crouching Tiger\\" you feel that the director's maintained a lot of control over the fight scenes. Even in the fights, this is still a Quentin Tarantino movie. And what fights they are. Watching Kill Bill I realised that I often complain about the fights in Hong Kong movies going on so long you look at your watch. Here the fights go on even longer, and yet they are so clearly filmed, broken up so effectively by different filming techniques and location changes,that - for me at any rate - they never did seem too long.<br />I don't know how deep it's all going to turn out to be. But still I loved part one and can't wait for part two. It's terrific cinematic fun as you watch it, but it remains to be seen whether it's ultimately going to be movie fast food or a more satisfying meal.
B00007KWHN|1.0|Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.
B00005JMCN|5.0|\\"Seabiscuit\\" is a movie that could be so easy to dismiss as one of those schmaltzy weepies about triumph over adversity that ultimately operates on being both over-emotional and manipulative. Make no mistake \\"Seabiscuit\\" does deal with emotional events. But, as written and directed by Gary Ross, it does it with a taste and a depth that allow the film finally to reach the level of complexity we tend to expect of novels rather than movies. <br />\\"Seabiscuit\\" is about one underdog race-horse, three men wounded in different ways, and a nation in a period with little hope. I realise that that sentence makes it sound awful, and even sounds like an advertising blurb in itself, but trust me, it's not awful.<br />The men are jockey Johnny &quot;Red&quot; Pollard (Tobey Maguire) given up for adoption by his parents during the Depression, working as a jockey and prize fighter to make a living and blinded in one eye; Charles Howard (played by Jeff Bridges), a millionaire car dealer who has lost his son and his wife; and Tom Smith (the usually terrific Chris Cooper), a cowboy who is trying to come to terms with the end of the freedom of the old West.<br />Their lives are all galvanised by their relationship with Seabiscuit, a short and knock-kneed horse that had been rejected as unsuitable for racing, beaten up, and - almost - had its spirit broken. <br />The millionaire buys \\"Seabiscuit\\" the ex-cowboy trains him, the ex -prize-fighter rides him. <br />As if Red Pollard's blindness in one eye wasn't enough he even - at one point - suffers multiple breaks in one leg that may mean he can't walk again, let alone ride. Seabiscuit too suffers an injury that may mean he will never race again. And yet both do get past these obstacles. Partly because of their struggle to overcome their wounds and backgrounds - the whole team become heroes for a nation that needs to see an underdog win. <br />It's one strength of the film that it doesn't suggest this is just an accident. Owner Charles Howard certainly seems to know the value of public relations, and does deliberately cast his horse and his team in the light that he knows the public will value. <br />Director and writer Gary Ross formerly wrote and directed \\"Pleasantville\\" and also wrote \\"Dave\\", and \\"Big\\". All of those films struck me as interesting, and I'd say that most of them are complex and insightful. In \\"Seabiscuit\\" he manages to give considerable depth to the stories of all these men. He also intercuts them with historical documentary sequences, which emphasises the social and sociological background against which events were taking place. These people's lives are intimately connected with the historical sweep of events, and making those connections clear adds a lot of depth and resonance to the story. The script is based on Laura Hillenbrand's non-fiction book of the same name. <br />Apart from the actors in the main roles, William H. Macy as radio sports commentator &quot;Tick-Tock&quot; McGlaughlin also gives a wildly funny performance, turning a minor character into a highly memorable one. John Schwartzman's cinematography is lush and romantic, well suited to the story. <br />In case you're worried that this is basically going to be Lassie with horses, one of the most effective things about it is Gary Ross's restraint. The scenes that could have been mawkish are underplayed and handled with considerable tact. Interestingly, one of the \\"rules\\" most commonly explained to screenwriters is that you shouldn't write dialogue that's too \\"on the nose\\". The funny thing about \\"Seabiscuit\\" is that practically the last line of the movie is VERY on the nose, very blatant, and yet it seems to tie the whole thing together perfectly.
B00009Z576|1.0|&quot;Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.&quot;<br />That was my original review of this edition of &quot;Drama&quot; and I stand by it.<br />But now I must add this -<br />I don't know why the reviewer who calls himself &quot;man-at-work437&quot; felt the need to insult me.<br />I am merely expressing my opinion, and I believe I am being quite diplomatic about it.<br />It would be nice if every reviewer were to include an email address in their profile.<br />I'd like to thank the reviewer known as &quot;myxoplik&quot; personally for their kind words of support.
B00005JKN9|4.0|Apparently Martin Scorsese has been wanting to film \\"Gangs of New York\\" for over three decades, and - like many a director's long cherished project - the final result is something of a mixed bag.<br />One of the reviewers of the Herbert Asbury book that inspired Scorsese's interest wrote: \\"Herbert Asbury's underworld is an underworld, not a region of heroes. The stage and the screen will look to it in vain for the broken-hearted gentlemen who turn to crime out of a frustrated goodness, and there practice honour among thieves, punctilio towards their victims, and eloquence upon the world at large.\\" He continued: \\"The book has been written by a newspaper man who does not mind denying himself the pleasure of melodrama.\\" <br />All of this might make Asbury's book seem an ideal trawling ground for Scorsese. After all he has been presenting us sociopathic and self-involved characters on and off for the whole three decades he's been interested in this book. He's also been presenting us with interesting, flawed, and conflicted characters.<br />Ironically though, even from the preview of the movie of \\"Gangs of New York\\", you can pick up the idea that this is a story about a kid who witnesses the murder of his father, vows to grow up and kill his father's murderer, and then falls in love with a woman who is involved with his intended target. That preview suggests a conventional enough story to have put some people I know who usually like Scorsese off seeing the movie altogether.<br />That's a pity, because it does contain some remarkable film-making. But they are not totally wrong to be put off either. The strength of the film lies in the milieu, in the world around the main characters. The fault lies in the fact that the central story is precisely the kind of melodrama that the reviewer was congratulating Asbury on avoiding. <br />Asbury's book is fascinating reading, suggesting as it does the true mean streets of early New York, a lower depths of vice and depravity in whichthe Five Points area saw a murder a night, most of which went unsolved. This was - the book suggests - such a tough world there was not much room for the niceties of moral distinction. Most of the inhabitants were conditioned into dog eat dog responses, into the belief that if I can take something from you, I deserve it more than you do ands it's rightfully mine. This really is the moral milieu of the sociopath or psychopath. <br />However, either Scorsese, his producer, or his writers (Jay Cocks, Steven Zaillian, and Kenneth Lonergan) has decided that to find our bearings in this world we need more conventionally sympathetic characters. The result is that the central character: Amsterdam Vallon, played by Leonardo diCaprio, is probably the least interesting central character ever to have graced a Scorsese movie. Apart from the revenge and romance plot, he's presented as almost a champion of the underdog, fighting against anti-Irish prejudice on the part of those who consider themselves true Americans. In reality, life in the Five Points seemed much more self-centred than that. <br />This is depressingly conventional Hollywood story plotting, as is most of Amsterdam's romance with Jenny Everdeane (Cameron Diaz). Disappointingly their first encounter is even a \\"meet cute\\" of the kind I had hoped I'd never see in a Scorsese film. Is it a coincidence that one of his writers, Jay Cocks, was an uncredited author of the first draft of \\"Titanic\\"? Di Caprio's character here isn't as one-dimensional as his Jack in the Cameron film, but he is certainly not the kind of multi facetted protagonist we've come to associate with Scorsese.<br />Things are made rather more interesting by the chief villain of the piece, Bill the Butcher (Daniel Day-Lewis). He's the guy who killed Amsterdam's father, and Day-Lewis's interpretation of him is courageous and complex. If he wasn't up against Jack Nicholson's masterful performance in \\"About Schmidt\\" I'd have said he was a shoe-in for the Oscar. He might get it anyway. At times he's a moustache twirling villain, almost a cartoon, at others he's a man with a twisted sense of honour. He's dangerous and as liable to turn on you as reward you, but you get some idea of why he inspires a certain loyalty.<br />All in all the bad guys are throughout more interesting than Di Caprio's character. There's Jim Broadbent as corrupt Tammanny Hall politician William \\"Boss\\" Tweed. There's John C Reilly (probably the year's busiest actor) as Happy Jack. And there's Brendan Gleason as Walter Monk McGinn. <br />Less successful is Henry Thomas as the sometimes ally of Amsterdam Vallon, Johnny Sirocco. One reason he's less successful is that he's used to bring another corny plot device to life, being in love with Cameron Diaz's character, and making a wrong choice when he sees her falling for someone else. It's frustrating sometimes how uninteresting, conventional and clichd the alleged good guys are.<br />Still, for all its flaws, \\"Gangs of New York\\" is a remarkable film. The opening, which soon develops into a pitched battle between a gang called \\"The Dead Rabbits\\" and another that calls itself \\"The Natives\\". It's almost a surreal vision. Sometimes we seem to be in a world of science-fiction, at others in a surreal environment, at still others in a medieval pageant or even in Mad Max.  Dante Ferretti's production design, Michael Ballhaus's cinematography and Thelma Schoonmaker's driving editing are complemented by music from modern performers like Bono and Peter Gabriel. <br />Overlaying the gang warfare is a background of racism against blacks, the ongoing American civil war and the highly unpopular draft into the army, corruption in city hall, and ultimately the devastating draft riots. Apart from its skill as film, the journey into all these areas creates a remarkable vision of the times. Many of the characters are based on real life people in Herbert Asbury's book. It's just a pity that some of them have been dolled up a bit too much for Hollywood. \\"Gangs of New York\\" is a film you should see, it may even be a flawed masterpiece, but in my view, there ARE weaknesses you should take into consideration in order to avoid disappointment.
B00007KWHO|1.0|Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.
B0000VAFO0|1.0|I've been racking my brains trying to think of something positive to say about \\"Underworld\\", and I can think of three. Kate Beckinsale looks good in black latex, Scott Speedman has an air of vulnerability that suits his part, and there's an interesting story reversal at the end where we become less sure who the good guys are. That's it. And it's not enough to justify the cost of a DVD or a ticket. <br />The whole thing is just so derivative, mostly of \\"The Matrix\\" trilogy but also to a certain extent of the \\"Blade\\" movies. But it doesn't have the moments of flair that either of them have. It uses some of the characters from horror films, but it's not a horror film at all. After all, in horror films we identify usually with the human victims. Here the fact that vampires and werewolves kill humans is barely even mentioned. In fact there's not much point to them being vampires or werewolves given that their main weapons in the war against one another are good old fashioned guns and - ultimately - fist fights. <br />The basic premise of \\"Underworld\\" is that for centuries a war has been raging between vampires and werewolves, known in this movies as lycans because they don't have to wait for the full moon to change form, and they can run on walls and ceilings like the creatures in \\"Alien\\", another movie that this one shamelessly rips off. <br />As the movie opens one of the vampires Selene (Kate Beckinsale) realises that the lycans seem to have an interest in one human, Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman), that seems to go beyond the next dinner engagement. The lycans want his blood, because they have a cunning genetic plan. Rescuing Michael, Selene falls in love with him, although we have absolutely no idea why or when this happens. We only realise it because people keep saying so. <br />As the initially bewildered Michael, Speedman is one of the best casting choices. Regular television viewers may recognise him from \\"Felicity\\" as the eponymous heroine's long time boyfriend, and his more sympathetic side he's a good departure from the usual guys we find in this kind of movie. <br />The current leader of the vampires is a creep called Kraven (Shane Brolly). The name alone tells you he can't be trusted. He allegedly killed the lycan leader Lucian (Michael Sheen) many years ago. He didn't of course. He's actually in cahoots with him. Finding herself not getting the support from her leader that she needs Selene awakens the creature that made her a vampire, one of the vampire elders Viktor (Bill Nighy). The scene is set for an all out war.<br />On the basis of this movie, director Len Wiseman seems to have no idea of pacing and no idea of how to make characters sympathetic. No-one cares who lives or dies. Lacking that foundation it doesn't really matter what's happening on the screen. Things might be moving fast, but all you can do is wait for the end to come. Some reviewers have been impressed by \\"Underworld's\\" visual style, which mostly consists of making everything very dark and very blue. Hard to believe that cinematographer Tony Pierce Roberts also shot Merchant Ivory's `Room With a View\\". <br />In terms of special effects, the werewolf transformations, which are achieved in a digital cartoon-like style, are a little strange and rough edged. And, as is often the case, the movie tends to freeze in its tracks for them to take place. And to be honest the werewolves are a bit laughable anyway. <br />It's a movie for teenage Goths who believe the key to horror monsters is to look cool and strike poses. And even for them it will be a disappointment.
B00007LTIB|1.0|Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.
B00028HBKM|5.0|This film is polarizing, as it should be. Jesus is controversial. This film is brilliant.It ceases to be a film and instead transforms itself into an experience. It is as if the viewer is there witnessing the crucifixion. I thought Gibson's choice to film it in Aramaic and Latin to be a brilliant one. You almost didn't need the subtitles--the beautiful sounds of the language gives it authenticity and is strangely easy to understand. The acting was intense.     I was expecting it to be brutal after all the talk...it was terribly brutal but to make it easy to watch would be demeaning and inaccurate. Roman beatings were known to sometimes rip a man in half and it is noted in the scriptures that afterwards he was hardly identifiable as a man. We have to know the horror He endured. Other films about historical subjects like slavery and the holocaust show horrors without controversy and I am perplexed about the uproar. This really happened to real people, executions throughout history have been extremely grotesque. Whether you believe in Him or not, you will now know what Christians mean when they say He died for your sins.     This film is about His death and resurrection. It lets you experience it as if you were there. It is not meant to be about his entire ministry. I think it succeeds on an artistic level as well theological. It is a beautiful and heart wrenching film and I will never be the same.
B00007LTIA|1.0|&quot;Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.&quot;<br />That was my original review and I stand by it.<br />But I must add this. After hearing the new beginning to ?The Revealing Science Of God?, the bonus tracks no longer bother me. That new beginning certainly puts things in perspective.<br />At least they haven?t changed the beginnings of the other three movements, yet. They?re probably saving that for next time.<br />Now I?d like to address ?A music fan from Yesworld? who is also known as ?man-at-work437?. I realize it?s human nature to insult people when they disagree with you. And I have no hard feelings. I regard you as an intelligent person because you listen to Yes.<br />In fact, you have caused me to re-evaluate my assessment of that Bartok  piano concerto CD (featuring soloist Jeno Jando). I plan to revise my review of that Bartok record soon, and I will give it five stars.
B0000DD7LB|2.0|The production was top-notch, the songs all sounded different. But that is where the positives start and end. Let me say first; I consider myself a reasonable man, But I seriously cannot understand why anyone would like this album. It's filtered, completely lifeless and the lyrics are meaningless. You can search and search for different reasons to justify this album, I know I did, but it's as hopeless as her movie career. Just because I used that analogy doesn't mean I hate Britney. Her other albums were decent pop albums. But this one just stunk it up bad.<br />Dont buy this album.
B00007LTIC|1.0|Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.
8408038818|5.0|El talento literario de Carlos Ruiz Zaf&oacute;n envuelve a los<br />protagonistas de La Sombra del Viento en un sinf&iacute;n de recovecos<br />progresivamente sorprendentes y misteriosos, estimulando la<br />continuidad de la lectura. Es una novela que combina genialmente<br />el poder insospechado de los libros, la motivaci&oacute;n imparable de<br />la juventud, la capacidad del amor para derribar barreras, la<br />fidelidad incondicional de la amistad y el triunfo del bien sobre<br />el mal, en una narrativa de misterio con ambiente hist&oacute;rico. Su<br />estructura recuerda obras cl&aacute;sicas decimon&oacute;nicas, sin dejar de<br />ser popular. Est&aacute; tan bien trabajada que se seguir&aacute; leyendo en<br />generaciones por venir. Las posibilidades de que el libro sea<br />llevado a la pantalla gigante son muy buenas. Le auguro &eacute;xito.
B00009Z574|1.0|Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.
B00003CXDB|4.0|I saw this film back in college, late 80's early 90's, when I was more young and impressionable. I was a business major setting my sights on the world of Corporate America (such arrogance!!!). I was gonna wear $1000 suits and having lunch with the CEO in these plush executive boardrooms and making a million. I was highly impressed by Gekkos speech about greed. We used to recite it in our business classes. We would listen with baited breath to our professors about financial reports and 10K's. What naivete.    Then the market crashed - 1987. And subsequently the early '90's recession. I learned that my college degree wasn't even worth the paper it was printed on. My business schooling couldn't even get me a cup of coffee. I recently watched the film again. Everytime I hear that Talking Heads song I'm reminded of this film. The movie looks a bit dated (the power ties and mousse hair). It is just too 80's-ish. To imagine I that wanted to be like that, yuck. If you really want to see what corporate america is really like, watch Roger & Me by Michael Moore.
0440539811|5.0|As soon as I read the last word in this book, I turned right back to the first page and started again.  It was that good.  It was actually better the second time.  Some things are quite confusing the first time.  Just be sure you can think VERY clearly before you start reading.....
B000002HPV|5.0|Amazing album.<BR>You'll want great quality headphones/sound system for this album, as the wonderfully deep electronic beauty deserves its' appreciation.  Coupled with Bjork's wonderful vocals(which sometimes seems to go off on their own tangent) and orchestration make this album one of my favorites, Bjork or otherwise.  I am not so sure why &quot;Pluto&quot; gets such a harsh review by many.  In my opinion, it is one of the best songs on the album.  It is a bit darker, but my roots come from darker music akin to einsturzende neubauten and the like.  Along with Sigur Ros' Agaetis Byrjun, it has been holding my praise for some time.
B000002UA9|5.0|I still have a vivid memory of the release of the first four Beatles albums on compact disc; this was in early 1987, I believe.  These CDs cost more than normal CDs at the time, but that didn't stop me from buying them and rushing home as if I had procured a real treasure.  Please Please Me doesn't showcase the Beatles in all their glory, but this was definitely a terrific debut album, and I still enjoy listening to each of the 14 songs found here.  Six of the tracks are actually cover songs, but the other eight are all early examples of the genius of John Lennon and Paul McCartney.  I know there has been a bit of controversy of late over whose name should come first in the song writing credits, so I will note that McCartney's name precedes Lennon's in the listings here.<br />Love Me Do is the song that propelled this popular Liverpool band to a place on the national charts, earning a spot in the Top Twenty.  Please Please Me, the title track of this album, would then go on to not only hit the Top Ten but ascend all the way to number one.  The Beatles were on their way, and the roots of Beatlemania were sown by early 1963.  The group's unique sound was already established, as the remaining tracks of this CD make evident.  Several are still immediately recognizable today.  I Saw Her Standing There, one of the most energetic and appealing of the long list of Lennon/McCartney classics, starts this album out like gangbusters, while the band's cover of the unofficial TGIF song Twist and Shout closes out the festivities in the same fashion.  In between these rocking tracks, the ballad mastery of the Fab Four comes to the fore in such classics as P.S. I Love You and Do You Want to Know a Secret (featuring George on vocals).  Other Lennon/McCartney originals include Misery, Ask Me Why, and There's a Place.<br />I really enjoy the six cover songs here, as well.  John delivers a classic version of Anna (Go With Him).  Married With Children fans might remember that this is the song whose title Al Bundy spent an entire angst-filled episode trying to remember (remember hmmm, hmmm, him?).  Chains features John, Paul, and George; Boys is a fast-tempo song which marks Ringo's first official vocal performance; Baby It's You is best remembered as a classic hit by the Shirelles; and A Taste of Honey is a song I find highly appealing and refreshingly different in terms of its sound and mood.<br />All in all, Please Please Me captures the magic that would soon be unleashed on the entire world in the form of Beatlemania.  It doesn't feature the sort of hits the Beatles are best remembered for today, but its historical importance and audio appeal as the group's first album release make it a must-have for all the Beatlemaniacs out there.song whose title Al Bundy spent an entire angst-filled episode trying to remember (remember hmmm, hmmm, him?).  Chains features John, Paul, and George; Boys is a fast-tempo song which marks Ringo's first official vocal performance; Baby It's You is best remembered as a classic hit by the Shirelles; and A Taste of Honey is a song I find highly appealing and refreshingly different in terms of its sound and mood.  <br />All in all, Please Please Me captures the magic that would soon be unleashed on the entire world in the form of Beatlemania.  It doesn't feature the sort of hits the Beatles are best remembered for today, but its historical importance and audio appeal as the group's first album release make it a must-have for all the Beatlemaniacs out there.
B0008KLVG4|5.0|jaws is one of my favorites. i have many favorites. im a movie collector but the best out of thousands of movies is sweet hostage. that movie will be the best seller if it hit dvd. trust me on this one im a big movie buff i know what the hell im talking about thank you
B000002JSP|5.0|I've often heard this album criticized for being non-Zeppelin-like in years past; as if they were not being true to themselves. \\"In through the out door\\" features liberal use of synthesizers in addition to explorations in latin, disco, and country. To some, these musical explorations may have given the impression of a band, sometimes credited for ushering in \\"heavy metal\\" (a historical label more appropriately applied to Black Sabbath, in my view) as selling out to a more tempered, if not 'commercial,' sound. <BR>     In the final analysis, the latter criticisms turn out to be incorrect. As a band, Zeppelin were only continuing to mature. 'Heavy metal' riffs a la' Whole Lotta Love\\" or \\"Immigrant song\\" are replaced in favor of songs where the guitar riff is less prominent, only to be more eloquently  interwoven into the musical arrangement (listen to \\"In the evening,\\" \\"Carouselambra,\\" or \\"All my love\\"). The addition of synthesizers was probably the unpardonable sin for some Zep fans, but when looking back, the album is not any more diverse than the eclectic collections of songs found on \\"Houses of the Holy,\\" \\"III,\\" or any Zep album. <BR>     Page devotes more time to refining the art of accompaniment than in years past--playing more 'for the song.' The latter 'minimal' approach foreshadowed what he would continue to develop in years to come with The Firm and other projects. Its still the same great Jimmy, minus the extravegant cadenzas. Left standing are what matters most: Great musicainship tightly integrated into a band context.<BR>However, if there are any 'stellar' solos on the album comparable to the early days, it would have to be the blistering, melodic lead on \\"Fool in the Rain.\\"  <BR>  Though the overall sound is a bit \\"softer\\" than the earlier Zep, this album is still a rocker (it's Led Zeppelin, how can it not be?).You can't say that \\"Fool in the rain\\" or \\"South bound saurez\\" don't move the body as much as the spirit, or that songs like \\"All my love\\" or \\"I'm gonna crawl\\" aren't as hard-hitting emotionally as \\"Whole lotta love\\" or \\"Dazed and Confused\\" were as sonic textures. <BR>     Today, this album is testament to the fact that the band were able to absorb new influences without dilluting the essential elements of their sound, just as they had always done. \\"Out door,\\" taken in conjunction with the Knebworth footage (their last live performance), reveals that Zeppelin were entering into yet another phase of creativity, cut short by Bonham's departure. <BR>
B00008S2VG|1.0|I find this album one of Madonna's deepest...yet shallowest.  The album is very consistant, which is not an asset.<br />AMERICAN LIFE:<BR>You must get used to it, but once you do, it's rather catchy.  A good listen.<br />HOLLYWOOD:<BR>I used to think it was the most annoying song in the world. Now I love it!<br />I'M SO STUPID:<BR>Quite possible the worst track Madonna has ever sung.  Poorly organized, and poorly written.  It sounds like something my little brother would write trying to mock the Beatles and failing.<br />LOVE PROFUSION:<BR>Quite possibly the most radio-friendly song on the album. I really enjoy it, although it is slightly too repetitive.<br />NOBODY KNOWS ME:<BR>A fun dance number, but not 1% of &quot;Music.&quot;<br />NOTHING FAILS:<BR>I actually find this song quite annoying. In fact, I HATE it! It is so poorly mixed. I mean the song is VERY well written and sung, but I just hate the guitars.  And not only that, but although the choir was a good idea, they sing much too loud and the music cannot be heard.  And after their stint is over, it is almost silent with just a light guitar...the song is strange in that way. It is very slow and soft, then the choir starts to yell...then they shut up and suddenly it's quiet again.  Enough to give me a headache.<br />INTERVENTION:<BR>Beautifully written.  The guitars and production (and programming)?  Snore City.<br />X-STATIC PROCESS:<BR>Did I say snore city last time? I think it fits better here.  The guitar squeaks over and over and to know the entire song, just know the words &quot;I'm not myself when...&quot; It is sung 14 times, almost in a row!<br />MOTHER AND FATHER:<BR>Although an extremely strange track, it is very catchy and I absolutely love it. I dance and dance to it. The vocals are done really strange, but that is done on purpose as it kind of adds to the &quot;plot.&quot;<br />DIE ANOTHER DAY:<BR>Hated this from the first listen, now I love it.  You've heard it before...right?!<br />EASY RIDE:<BR>Once again, snore city.  But wait! It starts and stops! I mean SNOOZE city.<br />This album is just plain too boring.  And annoying. While it does have some great tracks (&quot;Die Another Day,&quot; &quot;Hollywood,&quot; &quot;Love Profusion,&quot; etc.), they are all seperated by absolutely horrible tracks (&quot;Nothing Fails,&quot; &quot;Intervention,&quot; &quot;I'm So Stupid,&quot; &quot;X-Static Process,&quot; &quot;Easy Ride&quot;).<br />I almost want to throw the CD down the drain every single time I listen to it.<br />No wonder it didn't go FULL platinum in the US and was falsely certified under the &quot;Madonna Pretense.&quot;<br />I just hope American radiostations stop boycotting Madonna because of her being against blowing Iraqi babies up for oil and nonexistant weapons of mass destruction.
0688163173|5.0|In a change of pace for Dennis Lehane, his latest novel apparently asks the questions- &quot;What is reality?&quot; and &quot;What is insanity?&quot; After writing a successful series and then hitting it big time with MYSTIC RIVER- an elegiac work that might work as a coming of age novel, as well as, a murder mystery, SHUTTER ISLAND is unlike anything else he has written before. Initially it is a locked room mystery which becomes an island mystery then finally morphs into a suspense thriller with a surprise ending.<br />  In the summer of 1954, US Marshall Teddy Daniels and his partner Chuck Aule are called to a psychiatric facility, Ashecliffe Hospital for the Criminally Insane located on a rugged New England island by the name of Shutter Island. They are to look into the disappearance of a female patient from a locked cell in the middle of the night. The escape appears impossible. As Teddy and Chuck look into the disappearance, they are given signals that they are themselves in danger. Teddy, however, has another ulterior motive. He wants to find and confront the pyromaniac responsible for his wife's recent death who is purported to be on the island.<br />  SHUTTER ISLAND has met with mixed reviews. I wonder what readers would say if the author's name was not Dennis Lehane. Given that it is Dennis who wrote this book, I think the readers who complained simply expected more from him. The story is actually quite clever and is of the length that could be read in one long evening. It appears, with superficial reading, to lack the complexity and depth that one expects from Dennis. However, with more careful reading, that complexity and depth is still there.  Once the conclusion is reached, the reader will get a sense of the careful construction that went into this work. The novel is a bit risky for Dennis as he continues to expand his army of core readers. However, he deserves credit for stretching himself into something very different and quite satisfying.
B0000BXGCN|5.0|the first review is true, lara does it again! She's so great. If you like french singing, if you like italian opera, if you like lara, and if maybe you don't know her, you have to get that cd!
B00005JKWJ|5.0|Blade 2 is good. I heard many negative reviews of it and put off seeing it for a while. It came on tv the other day and I was very impressed by it. Good vampire-hunting movie, not too cheesy, well written and put together. You look at a movie like Daredevil and you have to wonder why a movie like that would make more money than Blade 2. Blade 2 is what the Matrix sequels should have been. If you don't buy it, at least rent it. It's worth it. I am a vampire myself and was not offended by any of the killing.
B00005KKC8|5.0|As Abba's last studio record, the band sent out a message to the world that they were no longer four, eternally smiling people who wanted to clobber us with bubbling, infectious pop music; rather now, they were telling us they meant business.<br />The interesting thing with the Abba catalogue is that you can hear their progression from one outting to the next.  The Visitors is no exception--- it is infact, the most mature and progressive product they had ever done.<br />From the gloomy and lonely cover photo (gone are the bombastic outfits) which portrays them as four individual middle aged people looking off into a future without each other (indeed, by this point, the two couples were officially divorced)to the mood of the record's sombre notes, this is not your father's ABBA. The quality of the production, arrangements and performances helps this record, in my opinion, become a model for perfect pop productions.  Arguably, a couple of the tracks crossed a line and moved past a traditional pop format (namely I Let the Music Speak and Like an Angel...) but with rich melodies and unparalleled vocal performances, they remain captivating.<br />This is a record where every member is in top form.  Benny's melodies combined with his studio wiserdry, Bjorn's masterful English lyrics (showing a progression beyond anything he had ever written) and Agnetha's cool yet convincing story teller vocals shine beyond many of their earlier performances.  But the true star here is Frida who brings a level of emotion and sophistication to her performances that we had never seen before.  She manages to find her way through many different production and musical styles and stays believable and true through every note she sings.  Listen to her on the bonus track &quot;Should I Laugh or Cry&quot;--- this is a woman who is frustrated and sad--- even if I never hear a lyric, the sound of her rich vibrato tells the whole story.<br />You don't have to be an ABBA fan to get the meaning of this record--- if you like perfect pop, listen to this... you won't be disappointed.ecord--- if you like perfect pop, listen to this... you won't be disappointed.
B0001AP12G|5.0|tthis is great all the music that kyane west is great
B0000UHFC6|5.0|a Great soundtrack for a Magnificent movie
630469654X|3.0|Ladyhawke is worth a look if you like and sword and shield type movies.  Its even worth owning if you find it in the discount bin.  However, it's by no means a great film.  You have to wonder what this movie could have been had it been made in a different era... perhaps pre-Excalibur (1981).  As it is the movie suffers from several problems - the least of which is one of the worse mis-matched soundtracks ever... even die-hard fans agree that the synth heavy \\"disco-fantasy\\" music is just silly.  <br />The best part about Ladyhawke is it's unpretentiousness.  It is a very straightforward fantasy movie that in no way insults the viewer's intelligence - unlike many other films of this genre.
B00005RYL9|5.0|This is a classic we should all have it
B0000D96NW|5.0|This album takes the foundation that Machine Head have built over the last decade and deliver a flawless record. Elements from the early BME and the newer materail blend to make a heavy and dynamic soud not found in many bands around. With the addition of phil demmel to the lineup the band once again has a two-headed guitar combination that can shred. One of the best metal albums of this year.
0385510438|1.0|I read some of the other reviews raving about this book. I have to ask myself if we were reading the same book. This was a 50 page book written on 350 pages. Very little actual plot. Actually, it reminded me, at times, of a poorly edited movie. I hope Grisham hasn't lost it. I enjoyed the King of Torts immensely, but this one was a real dud.
B000002H33|5.0|From the suspensful acoustic opening of Battery to the explosive ending of Damage Inc., this has to be their best piece of work. Kirk Hammets and James Hetfields fast paced guitar riffs and Lars Ulrichs drum bashing in the title track and Damage Inc. are absolutely two of the best metal songs on the market. Im not much into Instrumental songs but ive listened to Orion more times than i can count. And the slow and eerie riffs of The Thing That Should not be are abosolutley mesmorizing. the only other 'tallica album that comes close is &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot;.  <BR>So If you are a fan of metallica or any metal band, this is diffently a must have.
0446608955|5.0|I've read all of Nicholas Sparks books and I have several books that I pick up again and again. After the heart-tugging read that was &quot;The Notebook&quot; I didn't think Nicholas Sparks would make a better book... but I was wrong. &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; is a simple love story that in the beginning will make you laugh and in the end make you cry. Of all of the books Sparks' has written, this is easily his best one.<br />In Beaufort, North Carolina, 1959, Landon is in his senior year in high-school.  Landon hangs out with the popular crowd, getting into mischief with his friends.  Jamie Sullivan is in the same grade but the complete opposite. She has no friends of her own but the townspeople in the small town of Beaufort adore her!  When both their paths cross Landon and Jamie begin to discover things about each other...and themselves. Landon isn't such a bad kid and Jamie isn't exactly &quot;Ms. Perfect.&quot;  Soon the two become intwined in a loving relationship.<br />The story of &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; may seem simple at first but the more attatched Landon and Jamie become to each other, the more attatched you become to the characters. You grow to be interested in Landon and Jamie and just what gives them chemistry since they're the complete opposite of each other. Landon is a trouble maker, Jamie the ministers daughter and all around &quot;Do-gooder&quot;.<br />While romance is different each time the book is an enjoyable read that you just can't put down.  The characters shine and Sparks' does an excellent job in the build up of his characters.<br />Where the tear-jerker comes in is where it enters in most love stories, the end. In the end the book will leave you in tears. Not only that but because the love story was crafted so brilliantly, you'll want to read it again and again!<br />&quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; is easily one of the greatest books Sparks' has ever written. A beautiful love story that comes to a tragic end. But it shows that love does exist and that it can strike anyone at any time and of any chemistry.  A great read, don't miss out.that love does exist and that it can strike anyone at any time and of any chemistry.  A great read, don't miss out.
B000001ZS3|5.0|This album still sounds great after 40 years. Amazing
B00000099Y|5.0|For this being their 2nd Debut they certainly know how to bring the bacon home i mean this band is just Great You can tell they have evolved from Undertow The opener song StinkFist is catchy and loud yet emotional and deep its a fantastic song i also love the song H. Forty Six & Two, Jimmy, Hooker With a Penis and of course the Brilliant Aenima, and who can ever forget the 13 minute Third Eye song which is just Awesome if you want some good music and you like bands such as Pink Floyd, Metallica, Led Zeppelin,SoundGarden, Nirvana, Then this is a must buy for you if you like bands such as Linkin Park, Trapt, or any of that stupid Nu-Metal crap then stay away from this for you will most likely not understand its meaning
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus is a very deep album often slow at times this is in my opinion the softest album Tool has ever done but it does have its loud moments such as the album song Lateralus but it also has the slow thinking song such as Schism but all in all this is a great album and if you enjoy Tool as much as i do i think you would think this is Awesome but if you are new to Tool Start at Undertow Or Aenima because this is very evolved from Aenima and you have to start from the beginning
B00008CLOA|5.0|Without Pink floyd there wouldnt be some of the brilliant stuff we hear today correct me if i am wrong but The Beattles, The Who, Jimmy Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, The Doors, The Eagles and Pink Floyd helped shape music in what it has become today but anyways Pink Floyd This is one of their best works prob their second best i suggest getting THE WALL for that is their definite masterpiece but if you are just getting into Pink Floyd then this is a must buy
B0000AMRJC|5.0|Scarface is without a shadow of a doubt a great film. The film goes around Tony Montana who comes to America during the 80's when Fidel Castro opened the ports of Cuba, and now hundred's of Cubans come to America to seek a better life. Tony Montana; a Cuban, and willing to make something better for himself first starts out small; washing dishes, and he see's the life of drug dealers, and decides this is the way to get rich fast and live his own version of the American dream. First, he kills to get money, and he is then drawn into the drug induced 80's through cocaine. Now he is living the high-life; he has a huge manasion, expensive cars, a wife, and he is getting rich faster than he could do coke. Life is good for him, but caught by the police for tax-envasion, he gets the best lawyers, and gets off scott free. Then, before his eyes, his world collapses around him like a house of cards. <BR> This is a work of fiction, but it gives you the good side of drugs; the money, women, and everything you could only get in your imagination. The bad side; enemies, addiction, and the law enforcement. Scarface is a great film, and it never get's old, Al Pachino gives a great performance as Tony Montana, and Michele Pfeipher gives a good role as Tony's wife. A good film, and defintely worth getting.
B00006BTCA|4.0|&quot;Brilliant, yet not the brightest&quot; might be an odd sentiment to attach to a work that has been (rightly or wrongly) linked to the work of Joy Division, a band with one of the (arguably) darkest sounds ever recorded. I recognize the comparison, but I also realize that those accusing Interpol of treading on Joy Division's coattails are (like me) constantly searching for the (dare I say?) poetic expressions of the beauty that can be found at the heart of loss, lonliness, and, through all of that, the almost tactile realization that there is something there, down at the core of it all, to be stood upon, from which you can let your head swim in every direction, and actually feel happy about the darkness. This is brilliance in a way; a light of darkness reminding the soul that the darkness is not all there is. Thus, &quot;Turn On the Bright Lights&quot; is perhaps the most appropriate title for this album.<br />It is an excellent album. This is not to be denied. But in the short list of currently recording artists that embrace (whether consciously or not) the light at the center of the darkness, Interpol, in my opinion, does not stir that light to its brightest. That ability rests with Space Team Electra.<br />It the above makes any sense to you, get this album. Also get any of Joy Division's albums; I strongly recommend &quot;Closer.&quot; And give a listen to Space Team Electra. If you do understand what I've just written about, you won't regret giving your attention to these bands.
B000087DRK|5.0|The death punk genre tag does this band no service. The rock n roll the Turbonegro machine pumps out is full of life and everyone that listens to this masterpiece should be thankful. Of course this band is not serious, but neither were the Ramones and Damned for the most part. That's what makes this genius.. it's fun and it's by no means dumb. While the rest of the rock world is truely obsessed by the dark side of life...this is a celebration of everything that made the early punk rock bands so cool.
B000002HIK|4.0|One of the more &quot;better for your buck&quot; releases in the Aphex Twin saga, this album rewards his fans with more structured and melodic songs. Although the songs are more organized, they are not without the wiry sense of humor and occasional audio &quot;easter eggs&quot; that he is known for. There are no &quot;bullsh*t&quot; tracks, and a great sense of variety spans throughout the entire album. Both hauntingly musical and distantly emotional, ranging from a &quot;cartoony&quot; sort of innocence to a lurking sense of foreboding evil. Again, nothing like the famed &quot;Come To Daddy&quot; masterpiece, but definitely worth a good listen.
B0000VAFNQ|5.0|I don't understand the many poor reviews I've been reading about<BR>this movie. It is the best horror flick I've seen come along in<BR>a long time. Like a mob war between two rival families, the <BR>vampires and werewolves are at each others throats. Twists, <BR>betrayals, and double dealings, lay around every corner. <BR>Alliances are forged, alliances are broken. Pity and revulsion<BR>intertwine with each other for these two sects as new revelations<BR>come to pass. I thought the special effects were outstanding, and<BR>the sound quality excellent. I had to turn the subwoofers down<BR>to avoid blowing out the windows during the opening storm <BR>sequence.(o.k., maybe I exaggerate just a little there, I think<BR>the windows would probably have held, but I really did have to<BR>turn the subs down.) I'm going to keep this review very general,<BR>unlike so many other reviewers, I see no point in giving away<BR>the entire adventure. I'll let you discover all the surprises<BR>for yourself. Just let me say that London or Paris would not<BR>survive these werewolves, and the vampires here are in no mood<BR>to give an interview! This is an action packed, fun movie, and<BR>I hope you enjoy it. Oh, and yes, it does have a good plot.<BR>Thanks,<BR>Tom
B0000B1OFN|2.0|If it has Mark Walhberg in it, it must be useless. Thats my motto. And The Italian Job did not scape this tradition. Add to it the fact that Edward Norton worked on it just due to contractual obligation, and thefact that the movie seems like a great advertising campaing for the Mini-Cooper, and you can not expect a great movie...
B00001QEE7|5.0|Wow. This movie was so good! I think the universe knows the plot, so all I can simply add is this:<BR>Ariel knew where her heart was. It belonged on the land. And she was determined not to let ANYthing prevent her from getting there! I truly love the relationship with Ariel and her father, it hits very close to home. (I'm a fanfic writer, look at my name to figure out who's daughter my fanfic's on!)<BR>I also love Ariel's sisters, especially Alana. We see more of their personalities in the Little Mermaid series, but still. And I love the singing. I can sing like Alana, and once you realize you can sing like one of Triton's daughters, well, you're honoured!<BR>In short, Ariel knew where her heart was, and how to get there! She loved her father, but he didn't understand her. While that ripped her heart in two, she did what she thought she had to. And who can forget how she saved Eric's life, when her father said &quot;one less human to worry about?!&quot;<BR>I made up my fanfiction girl, Georgette, a year ago at this time. I finally finished writing her story of how she finds where her own heart belongs a few hours ago. I celebrated my 13th birthday last year with all my friends, wishing me well because I was going to move at the end of the month (March).<BR>A year later, I cannot believe how far we've come. Ariel's heart belonged where it did, simple as that.<BR>Hoped this gave you an interesting look at it! *Goes off to her Flying Fish swim-team meet.*
0292701934|5.0|The book is a gem. Not only sheds a bit of light into Avedon's technique and working methods, but also brings to life the often sad stories behind the powerful images. Highly recommended. Now, if they would only re-issue the original monograph..
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West has been quietly droppin some of the hottest beats in the game for a couple of years now..especially after his 5 mic soul drenched Blueprint.  But the man's verses are just as worthy of the 5, as his mixtapes have been spinning for the last 3 years.  The album is full of hot, thoughtful flows combined with the ingeuous Kanye beats.. A definite classic
B00013F38K|5.0|I can't wait to get this new dvd. Bruce Lee was meant to star in it. I'm a fan of Lee, but as Carradine put it in an interview, Bruce was not known for playing gentle, passive characters such as cain. I agree with this and it would not have been believable with lee as a shaolin priest while screaming and tearing everything up in his path. T.V. shows were filmed to have enough room on the top and bottom of the screen so they could be shown in theaters overseas, most movies are filmed like that. I have a widescreen television and a dvd looks best with 16x9 enhancement. I wish the other shows got the royal treatment like this.
6305907145|4.0|The movie adaptation of Jane Austen's novel shares nothing with the book except names and key events.  Although I am generally a literary purist and was initially quite shocked and indignant at its differences, I gradually warmed to the movie and have learned to truly love it as a lovely and highly enjoyable film in its own right.
B00011RPB0|5.0|I think that perhaps people don't like it because &quot;Nothing happens!&quot; as a friend said. People are so used to being hand fed everything that they tend to get cranky when something does not make perfect sense to them or strays from the mold. In stead of having it told to you, this movie acts it out...you have to interpit it. People have even complained that you never know what they whisper to each other. To me, I loved this movie because it had an almost zen quality to parts of it. The relationship of the two main characters is deep. Its two people finding another person who sees them and sees the flaws there, and having no demands of each other, forge a some what carefree love that is more like an awakward teenage romance than it is a love afair or anything. So there are my two cents.
B000127LW2|5.0|I've noticed that there are basically two groups of Star Trek fans: TNG and TOS. If you don't use your brain during the day that much because of your job or you don't ponder questions of morality and humanity in your own time and you want to stimulate that part of your brain using a science fiction tv show, then you go watch TNG. But If you're smart or just plain genius and you use your brain all the time and ponder issues of morality and philosphy on your own time and you just want to come home and enjoy watching a science fiction show with good (or amusing if TOS) science fiction elements, great characters, clever story, and be completely entertained, then you go watch TOS. Voyager is more akin to TOS. It has the same fun-to-watch factor as TOS, but with better special effects. If you're a 2001:Space Odyssey/Titanic type of person (yawn), then you'll like TNG better. If you're more of a Star Wars:New Hope/Raiders of the Lost Ark type of person, then you'll like Voyager better. Although, TNG does has some good episodes. Being a fan of Star Trek, I'll probably get the TNG series also. But collect this one first. It's more fun!
0062502182|4.0|This book creates a dichotomy which I consider to be so important in our lives, that of duty and destiny. Coelho argues that the two are one and the same. His words are simple, to the point, and perhaps most importantly reflective.<br />This book is less about a shepherd, or an alchemist or an Englishman, this book is about you, me, its about all of us. You'll find that it sparks inside you the dreams and passions which you had when you were twelve years old, your unbridled optimism and unflinching dedication to what you believed was right and just. <br />Read this book all at once, savor every word but this book is a single meal, it is a late lunch which leaves the rest of the afternoon and evening to contemplate its teachings and its wisdom. Be prepared for the 12 year old within, and should you heed the message of the book, you will embrace him.
B00005QB42|5.0|I heard this today in my yoga class and I think her music is just beautiful.  My instructor let &quot;Tumare Darsham&quot; play repeatedly, and I liked the song so much that I asked her for the name of the artist.  Never considered myself to be a New Age fan at all (extra emphasis on the &quot;at all&quot;) but the combination of her voice and the music makes for something I think any true lover of music can appreciate.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|Well as always, no need to waste time on the storyline but rather jump straight into praises and critisms.<BR>Firstly, the plot is quite a commendable one. Not a lame plot but quite nicely done up with explainations that make some sense. The usual fare is to leave viewers with the questions hanging over their head. However the ending here is rather abrupt. One wonders, is there some Underworld 2 in store? Afterall directors these days seem notoriously fond of waiting to see how the first one fares and if it gets the raves, out comes number two but if it flops they shelve the sequel.<BR>Secondly, lack of chemistry between Selene and Micheal. That is probably the most serious failing the movie has. I mean it is touted to be the equivalent of the gothic romeo and juliet correct? Well seeing Selene abruptly step up and half kiss Micheal really leaves you questioning &quot;Huh? Where did that bit come from?&quot; <BR>Thirdly, whats the deal with all the different accents? Perhaps this is not a serious problem to some but personally I find it weird to hear the British accent and the American accent all co-mingling. There was no mention of Selene being a British vamp or KRaven being from the US....honestly very puzzling.<BR>LAstly, the effects of the movie were top notch. The transformation of the werewolves were good and realistic and they looked good not pathetic namby pamby  dogs some movies portray them to be. The scene in which you see Viktor come back to life is good as well. But the scene when Micheal becomes the combination of both species.....one word....awful. Honestly, couldn't they have done it some other way?<BR>Oh yeah, ok one last bit [ I know i said lastly already] usually vampires are portrayed as more powerful creatures and the werewolves second rate stupid animals. To an extent that undercurrent runs but however it appears the werewolves have the slight upper hand here over the vampires perhaps due to strength or size....for one I've never seen vampiresrely so heavily on guns to the point they are virtually useless without it. All they do is stand around and hiss with their fangs exposed. The only vampire to portray the strrength is Viktor.<BR>However its a worthwhile fare overwall. Watch.
B0000DJZ7W|5.0|I think, from reading all the other reviews, that people missed the best song on the album.  Je Lui Dirai.  From the perspective of a french-canadian, I have to say that this song, with it's powerful, beautiful, and sad lyrics is one of the greatest anthems for french canadian history that I have ever heard.  Most of the people who read it obviously didn't look at the translation if they didn't speak french. It is a song that speaks to the struggle, not just of native French-Canadians, but also to the original American colonists and people everywhere.  The rest of the songs are also worth a look, too.  She follows much more in an earthly vein with this album.  It's excellent.
B0001AP12G|2.0|I just listened to this cd a few times and while Kanye is one of the best producers out there right now his lyrics and beats on this album are very forgetable. 3 maybe 4 tracks are really good.  Too many stupid skits.  I look forward to hearing his next album!  Maybe he'll come with his better stuff...
1558908382|5.0|This is one of the most fun roles John Cusack has ever had.  He is fabulous as the charismatic hitman Martin Blank on a hit assignment in his hometown, just in time for his high school reunion.  Cusack and Driver have fabulous chemistry, and the script is very witty and fast paced.  One can watch this movie again and again; definately worth owning on DVD. Funny, original, a bit off-the-wall... but that's just part of its charm. Enjoy!
0446530891|3.0|in a nutshell:  two secret service agents mess up, allowing their charges to be assassinated and kidnapped.  the two agents eventually get together and figure out the 8-year-old conspiracy at the heart of the matter.  my first Baldacci read, and not too bad!  the prose hit fast &amp; hard, never limping like, say nicholas sparks; but baldacci and vince flynn share the same classical weakness of setting up a good plot, fanning the flames at the beginning and then letting them die by the end.  i finished this book 2 days ago and i don't actually remember the wrap up, if that tells you anything -- and i'm not yet old enough for alzeimers. this book provides a darn good escape from normal life (unless you're a secret service agent, presumably).
0446677450|1.0|Mr. Kiyosaki runs down the one sure way to make more money<BR>during one's life, that is &quot;MORE EDUCATION&quot;! One can get quite<BR>a feel for Mr. Kiyosaki's agenda by reading John T. Reed's<BR>analysis of him (and many other so-called 'gurus') Questionable<BR>facts, and questionable biographical details....
B00006BNDI|5.0|sure, Varg's beliefs may be a total joke but that doesn't stop him from making amazing music. if you can't look past politics than maybe you're just too PC for black metal in general(a scene that when you get further & further underground is strongly devoted to the Aryan race, nationalist socialism, etc.) despite the fact that he's a murderer he is a tortured soul & it's more than obvious on his more black metal orientated material. saddly he has abandonded all involvement with black metal, because somehow, someway he sees it linked to \\"black music\\". varg you silly fool.
0140157352|3.0|Authors Roger Fisher, William L. Ury and Bruce M. Patton offer a seminal step-by-step guide to negotiating effectively. The authors use anecdotal examples to illustrate both positive and negative negotiating techniques. They believe that, with principled negotiation, both parties can reach an agreement in an amicable and efficient manner. Principled negotiation is based on the belief that when each side comes to understand the interests of the other, they can jointly create options that are mutually advantageous, resulting in a wise settlement. Since this is the second edition, the authors take the opportunity to answer ten common questions from readers of the first edition. If you become skeptical about these fairly rosy negotiation techniques as you read, the Q and A section is very useful. This classic text is easy to understand and you can implement its techniques immediately.  We can't ask for more than that.
B00006879E|4.0|Great cd, good to listen to over and over. The songs stay original and interesting even after you have listened to them many times. Track number 8 sounds reminiscent of a Michael Jackson song. I would absolutely recommend this cd if you like John Mayer or Jason Mraz.
0670032506|5.0|Author David Allen lists 52 basic principles for productivity, including: write everything down, do the jobs that nag you, focus on the matter at hand and so on. As he notes, the principles are both simple to understand and difficult to implement. The book is essentially a collection of gleanings from the author's previous writings, so it does not present a systematic or unified approach to time and productivity management. However, Allen's straightforward tips are handy, if sometimes duplicative. The number 52 suggests that you might find one helpful tip to use each week in a one-year program of self-improvement and productivity management. In that case, repetition is probably a good thing, since bad habits tend to spring up again like weeds and require the same remedies often. The author is relentlessly upbeat, optimistic and witty, like a motivational speaker. That might be hard to read in a big chunk, but it is easy to digest if you spend a little time every week reading a recommendation and implementing it. We recommend this book to anyone who urgently needs help with time management and productivity.
1558216847|5.0|This is the story of a party of escapees from a Siberian labor camp and their trek to freedom. Written with amazing flair and style, the trek becomes your own as you read of the harrowing experiences and wonder how these men (and one woman) could possibly have survived all that they did. I found myself wondering at times if it would not have been better for them to return to the slave camp! Truly a fabulous account and a must read.
B00011V8CW|5.0|This album is a cool way to make a comeback. Bowie had inspiration for this album, so he created an album with great music. Bowie at his most creative points can't be topped!
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye, Thank you for bring something new to the game. This album is solid all the way through. It's been a while since a brought an HipHop album where I didn't have to skip through the majority of the cd. I can listen to this album straight through. Finally, someone who raps with a message! The songs are great, the beats are better, and the skits are hilarious. Out of all the songs on the CD, I must say Spaceship hit me the hardest. That song is soo soulful and I can relate because I use to work at the GAP myself! This is defintly a cd you can get something out of, not just listening enjoyment. Thank you again Kanye, I'm really looking forward to you in the near future!
B00006CXXU|5.0|Her jazz infused album is so great that I cannot find words to evaluate it. You'll miss much if you don't buy this one !
B00008J4P5|5.0|One particular song on this album features some  of the rawest and meanest electric guitar licks I've heard in a long time and if you don't find yourself wanting to break out your best air guitar moves during Ball &amp; Biscuit then you don't understand rock music.
B00005JKC3|4.0|People fear change. it's nothing new, just look at the resistance put up when women wanted equal rights, or the race riots of years gone past. so, when a comic book movie comes along that tries to deal with things that can't be solved by blowing things up (well, not ALL the time, anyway) people reject it.<br />This is the case with HULK, possibly the most ambitious comic book movie in cinema history. <br />Firstly, this comic book movie looks like a comic book. There are no pretentions that The Hulk is a real thing. it is a huge, pastel coloured blur of action and anger that is a joy to watch when he is smashing something, and is actually quite scary when he and his alter ego Bruce Banner meet for the first time. Ang Lee makes the movie run like a comic book narrative, with cool shifts in view and frame movement, a type of structure that serves to keep the movie going when the Hulk is not on screen.<br />Secondly, there is a genuine issue at the bottom of this movie. HULK deals with psychological issues like childhood trauma, with the Hulk being Bruce Banner's outward expression of the traumas within him, the way teenagers often have an outward persona when their lives have been troubled. The issues are dealt with before the action, and the reason people did not like this aspect is because they were afraid to THINK before things start to explode.<br />And they do explode. there is plenty of smashing and bashing in the final parts of the film for any popcorn fan, so much so it even gets a bit confusing towards the end. but tell me that the site of the Hulk catching a missile and throwing it back at the gunship that fired it is not cool and i will turn green and pulp your head, puny human.<br />it is let down by a pretty boring performance from Eric Bana that had me wishing they had gotten Steve Buscemi for the role of Bruce, but other than that, irradiate your screen with this and Marvel at how good it is.
0767903862|5.0|To start this book, Bill Bryson is landing in Sydney, Australia. He remembers how much he loves Australia, and can't wait to start his journey. For most of the first third of the book he visits the major populated areas.  Throughout this portion and the rest of the book, he peppers the text with little facts here and there to keep you attentive.  He elaborates on some of these facts and tells stories in some parts.  <BR> While in the populated areas of Australia, he mentions a lot of great things to do that aren't always common knowledge among tourists.  For example, he visits the most filmed and photographed bar in Australia.  It is in Cook. A town named after Australia's equivalent to Christopher Columbus.  Also he visits a large casino to discover Australia is the world's largest gambler. \\"Australia has less than 1 percent of the world's population, but more than 20 percent of its slot machines.\\"<BR> After he is through with the populated areas, he moves on to the less populated and lesser known areas.  These are actually where the most interesting things are.  He drives everywhere except for a short spat on The India Pacific train. The places he visits are few and far between so to fill the boring time while he is driving, he tells many stories about Australia and its rich and entertaining history.  A quick example is how one of the Prime ministers of Australia just disappeared one day after he was caught by the undertow while walking the beach and dragged out to sea.  The two most interesting parts of the trip occur in the unpopulated \\"bush\\" as the outback is known. They are when he visits Ayers Rock, a historic megalith worshipped by the Aborigines, and a living culture of Stromatolites.  Stromatolites are the most primitive living things on earth. <BR> What I love about this book is how Bill Bryson is just so average. He seems like a regular guy. I can relate to him.  He is just hilarious.  He isn't afraid to make fun of anything, not even the National Anthemof Australia. Plus he gives a great insight into what Australia has to offer.  Think of what I've already mentioned and that isn't even including what he had to say about the Great Barrier Reef. <BR> The only thing I didn't like, was that despite his wit and humor, it got slow at some spots.  It was just slightly boring when he elaborated too much on something I didn't care much about.  But that only happened rarely, and didn't take away from the book. <BR> Overall, I love this book. I'm going to Australia this summer and hope to see some of the things that I read about. I would recommend this book to anyone. To be honest though it probably isn't for younger kids, due to some adult language. I must say this is the best travel book I have ever read. It is also a great book to read even if you aren't planning on going to Australia.
B00005JMNA|5.0|I truly enjoyed this film. Not only was it set in a different atmosphere but also showing different people. It was kind of Patrick swazye to show up in this film , i don't really understand his part in it , but none the less it was good. <BR>The music in this film made me wanna get up and dance up and down the aile and the dancing truly lived up to the name Dirty Dancing. It was  great!! Don't expect to go and see  What you've seen in the last DD1. Just keep an open mind when watching this film w/o expectations. It's great really.
B0001CCXY8|5.0|I've read too many reviews bashing CC...I am here to tell you: DO NOT LISTEN TO THEM!<br />Corpsegrinder is a much better vocalist than Barnes ever was, even though I love the Barnes-era albums. Corpsegrinder can go from a deep, throaty demonic growl and just shoot the pitch in his voice through the roof, yet still keep from sounding like a kid going through puberty. Have you heard any new Six Feet Under stuff? Barnes sounds like he's been kicked in the nuts one too many times.<br />This cd proves that CC are still the original kings of death metal, and that they aren't planning to go away anytime soon. They have made this cd packed with hate, blast beats, great riffs, and still the same sickening lyrics. I wouldn't have it any other way.<br />Go ahead and look at my profile, and see what other cd's I wrote reviews on. But, bear this in mind: I no longer listen to that crap. I am all about death, black, power, doom, gore, grind, and splatter metal. Long live the underground, and LONG LIVE CANNIBAL CORPSE!!!! \m/
0385510438|5.0|Well, one thing this latest Grisham book is not short on is controversy.  No, it's NOT a legal thriller in the sense of his other books, but the writing is something of a cross between THE FIRM and A PAINTED HOUSE.  <br />Grisham is merging his styles and ideas in this book.  So many times we want our favorite authors to stick to one genre, but they're people as well as writers and need to grow.  Give the guy a break.  This is a good read. No, it's not a page-turner in the sense of some of his other books, but it's still better than most of the stuff out there.  <br />Also recommended:  POMPEII and McCrae's BARK OF THE DOGWOOD
0345440900|5.0|Love the fact that this book helps parents who don't know to treat their babies as people to do so for their own sanity and their baby's well being...more parents need to be reminded of this and this book gives you practical tips and examples of how baby questions have been resolved in other households.<BR>It reminds you to love your baby with attention, talking and awareness of their surroudings...love it.
0345452577|5.0|I am an avid Kellerman reader &amp; I've read many reviews from people who have bashed him having read only one book out of his Alex Delarware series &amp; am highly disappointed that they would consider themselves an expert on good novels having not been privy to the character developments. However, w/ the introduction of a new central character, I found myself in this position of having to learn to warm up to a new hero. I read the first chapter on a website before the book was released &amp; figured I would NEVER read the book, but out of boredom I dove into it w/ an open mind &amp; found by the 3rd chapter I was enthralled &amp; intrigued by Dr. Carrier. And although I hope he doesn't completely abandon the characters we've grown to love in the Alex Delaware novels, I do hope to hear much more about the new characters as well. Although these characters are very similar, i feel for people who read Series novels, it's a great way to get the quality you enjoy and still mix it up w/ out all the redundancy that comes w/ having to read the descriptions of all the same people, places, &amp; things you've been reading about for years.
B00013PHGS|5.0|I would recommend this cd to anyone who likes to relax unwind even if you are not a fan of chill out or electronic I would still say try this one their best since Moon Safari this music is even fit for a king they deserve many awards for this one very good job guys!
B00005JMCN|1.0|There wasn't a sea or a biscuit anywhere in this movie!
B000127LW2|5.0|There's been a lot of griping about the packaging for this set...which I can understand, because it's certainly a little odd. But I want to cast a vote in favor of it. I think the case is actually very stylish and interesting. Apparently Paramount was going for a futuristic look for the cases, to make them look a little like those translucent plastic doodads they're always fiddling around with on Star Trek shows. While some may find it annoying, I think it's great. Personally, I hate cardboard packaging for DVD sets. Sure, it looks nice the first five to ten times you open it up, but cardboard creases easily, stains easily, and wears out all too quickly. Also, those fold-out packages are a pain in the keyster for any set larger than 2 or 3 discs. These sets were clearly designed to be collected and kept in a library over the long haul. As for the discs themselves, some have complained about the lack of a colored label...again, I think this was a stylistic choice, to maintain the futuristic, translucent/metallic look of the set. <br />While I prefer the use of individual plastic mini-cases, as with the Firefly set, I have no problem at all with the Voyager packaging and consider it the most attractive looking of all the ST series releases to date. <br />As to the series itself, what can one say...Voyager, for better or worse, embodied the best and worst of Star Trek under the Berman era. Much credit must be given for its ambition and what it attempted to accomplish...and the admission must also be made that the series ultimately failed to live up to its potential. With all due respect to the people who love or hate the show, I think Voyager falls somewhere in between &quot;great&quot; and &quot;terrible.&quot; It hit some amazing high notes during its run and outpaced TNG in many, many respects...but in other ways, it was a dismal failure and reflected lazy writing and weak vision at every level. Voyager had the potential to bust the Star Trek franchise wide open with staggering possibilities for growth and conflict and truly different storytelling -- it was essentially a blank canvas and an opportunity to do anything -- but Berman &amp; Co. clearly lacked the will and the imagination to take advantage of that opportunity, always taking the safe course, until the series finally turned into more or less the same muddled, middle-of-the-road same old same old that TNG was for most of its later seasons.
0743455967|4.0|Stephen King's On Writing is an all inclusive book about writing. The book guides the reader<BR>through the beginning steps of writing to finding a publisher for the finished work. The book<BR>starts off with accounts of King's childhood, which reveal why he wanted to become a writer in<BR>the first place. These stories are at times humorous, tragic, and disturbing. Readers who want<BR>only to know how to write can skip over these stories without missing much. The stories are only<BR>for the readers who are curious about the tribulations King went through to become a writer and<BR>why he writes horror novels. The rest of the book contains details of King's life, but not as much<BR>as the first and the last sections, which are devoted solely to that subject. <BR>The body of the text details various writing techniques and some of King's personal pet peeves<BR>when it comes to writing. The advice given is not in the usual textbook form, so it is easy to<BR>follow, it is almost as if King sat down next to the reader and started an impromptu discussion<BR>about writing. King uses a variety of similes and references to get his points across in a way that<BR>is both amusing and comprehensible to the reader. Excerpts from novels and other books on<BR>writing provide examples of different writing elements. King usually gives two examples of each<BR>element, one well written and the other poorly written, so the reader knows what to do and what<BR>not to do in their own writing. King's points are reinforced by quotes from people who have<BR>influenced him, and anecdotes about other authors. <BR>The writing advice itself, is mostly concerned with writing fiction, but many of the techniques<BR>and grammatical information can also be used in other forms of writing. The passages<BR>concerning grammar are the general rules taught in a standard high school English class; they are<BR>only helpful to beginning writers with little or no experience. The most detailed and useful<BR>passages are the ones about voice, style, character development and other creative elements. An<BR>interesting part of the book is a passage from one of King's short stories which shows exactly<BR>how he edits his writing. King gives clear concrete reasons for each correction.  The corrections<BR>made range from simple grammatical errors to complex character inconsistencies. The amount<BR>of editing in this passage is somewhat inspiring because it shows that even seasoned writers so<BR>not turn out perfect writing in their first drafts. <BR>The pacing of the book makes it a relatively quick read. That does not mean the reader can turn<BR>their brains off while reading it, the book does require some reader participation. Some of the<BR>interaction works, like when King tries to get the involved by having them imagine scenarios or<BR>visualize objects. These kinds of activities enhance the reading experience and the reader hardly<BR>notices that they are being prompted to think. Some of the activities do not work though. King<BR>suggests one writing exercise in his book, but at five to six pages long, the activity is only for<BR>those who are really serious about improving their fiction writing. The last bit of interaction is a<BR>book list included in the last three pages, which mentions a number of  books King has enjoyed<BR>reading in the past. The list encompasses many different genres and could come in handy if the<BR>reader ever gets bored and is looking for a good book to read. <BR>The final section \\"On Living\\" serves as a excellent closing piece to the book, this section<BR>explains why King has continued to write over the years. The most inspirational moments of On<BR>Writing come through in this section, where King expresses the love he has for  writing and how<BR>writing helped him come to terms with certain events in his life. The book works as a learning<BR>tool and a great reading book, because King is straightforward and does not use much writing<BR>jargon.There is some redundancy in the text, but King usually moves on to another subject after<BR>he feels he has reiterated himself enough to get his point across. The good aspects of this book<BR>certainly outnumber the negative aspects. This book may not be an appropriate choice for<BR>readers who are not familiar with, or are not fans of King's novels. However, for those readers<BR>who are looking for a book on writing, and can handle some colorful language and brutal<BR>honesty, then this book serves its purpose.
0064407667|5.0|This book is awesome, if you don't mind no happy endings.  Plus, it keeps you in suspense the whole time; I was on the edge of my seat. And if you read the bio on Mr. Snicket, the back, the letter to the publisher, and the dedication, you'll probably be laughing before you even start to read the book.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|I bought the DVD this past Saturday night before the Oscars to see what Murray did to warrant a best actor nomination. I fell asleep on the couch midway through it, enveloped in the pervasive artsy-fartsy ennui. It was painful to stay awake to that point. I awakened to a scene where Murray was laying down on a bed in a yellow-orange shirt staring up at the ceiling. Unbeknowst to my ennui addled brain rebooting from a REM cycle, the DVD had &quot;frozen&quot; as they are sometimes wont to do. But since it was a brand new DVD on its first playing, that possibility had not yet occurred to me. I actually watched that frozen scene for a full minute, thinking it was part of the movie since it was entirely in keeping with what I had endured to that point. I actually had to watch for the absence of an eye blink and respiratory motions before it dawned on me that the DVD had frozen.<br />I have read other reviews that say you have to watch it three or four times to fully appreciate it. I'm glad it's soon to be spring - watching the grass grow would be infinitely more appealing. I would love to see the SNL Murray from 20 years ago do a parody of this movie. THAT would be a riot. As for &quot;art&quot;, I'll take groundhogs and ghosts any day.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I shouldn't be giving this film a 5-star rating, but as one more expat making a living in Southeast Asia, I couldn't help but laugh uproarously at so many things in this movie.  It perfectly captured the essence of ridiculousness and culture shock that so many of us here encounter every day.<br />It's redundant to say that Bill Murray is excellent; his bad performances are few and far between.  And Scarlett Johansson performs well for a new-comer to the screen, but the real beauty in this film lies in its pacing.  You're drawn into this ethereal neon culture which is so utterly different from N. American culture, but you can't help but maintain your fascination.  Everybody who watches this will go home thinking:<br />&quot;What would it be like to live in an alien world?&quot;<br />On top of that, the film boasts an impressive soundtrack; one of the best I've heard in a long time, and perfectly suited to both the characters and the storyline.
B000002UAI|3.0|There are plenty of records released today that are better than this.  Try listening to something besides the beatles.
B0000YEEGM|5.0|With this special edition, I revisited the movie once again. One thing that stood out in my recent viewing is the incredibly sympathetic and accurate portrayal of autism. One needs to remember that it took until 1992 for the American Psychiatric Association to formally recognize and classify autism with a set of diagnostic criteria. This movie is dated 1988. Raymond's ticks, echolalia, and inability to cope with change are all spot on, if understandably diluted for mainstream consumption. More importantly, they form an integral part of the drama, pushing emotional buttons (Raymond: \\"C-H-A-R-L-I-E, my main man\\").
B00004ZAV3|3.0|This is a great sampling of some of the best Beatle music.  With no songs from Rubber Soul or Sgt. Pepper and only 2 from Revolver, this CD focuses on their best work from the early years and the last couple of albums.
B00005JLYW|1.0|Sweet Pete, what a monstrous turd.  Worse, a betrayal.<br />To preface my comments, I absolutely loved the first one.  Loved it.  And I'm a guy who roots for a movie to be good; I'm no critic or \\"film buff\\".  I am a fan of movies and you gotta' really pooch-it big time for me to give it a thumbs down.  Man, this thing stinks on its own terms.  Within the context of the world the first movie created so wonderfully, this movie is a betrayal of everything that made you want to see another Charlie's Angels flick.  Where to begin?  First, the action scenes are boring.  When they're silly it's an improvement.  The special effects are, simply, BAD.  There is no suspension of belief whatsoever and the majority of the fight work is OBVIOUSLY computer generated.  PU.  Second, what the hell did they do to the girls?  The way their makeup and lighting was done makes them look... spoiled somehow, over exposed.  Either way, it's disturbing.  I'm not the dude who's checking out the wardrobe, but you can't get around it.  They look like the goal was to make them look overcooked or something.  It's so profound and in your face that it's actually distracting, even to someone who would normally care less.  Third, the things about the movie that made you like the characters are GONE.  They're bimbo-fied in the worst way imaginable.  The fact that there are large portions of this movie where you have no idea what's happening won't bother you much because you will not care.  I went from a full plate of positive thoughts about these characters to hoping the movie would end ASAP.  Fourth, oh man, what the hell did they do to Bernie Mack?  You will forever respect Bill Murray for managing to limit his association with this lump of crap to appearing in a photograph for about 5 seconds.  Poor Bernie - who is very funny - is turned into some kind of nimrod.  Fifth, a ten year old could watch and enjoy the first film, and so could an adult.  This movie has content that is not cool for kids.  It adds nothing and ruins the film for younger viewers.  Not a huge deal, but one more example of the back stab this steamy dog pile represents.<br />I could go on and on. I guess my point is this; it's not just bad, it seems to have been designed to sabotage the warm feelings and enjoyment anyone ever got out of the first movie.  I suppose this is actual mild anger, and I am venting.  I'm sort of sorry, but not anything like a grief you'll feel if you see this heap.adds nothing and ruins the film for younger viewers.  Not a huge deal, but one more example of the back stab this steamy dog pile represents.<br />I could go on and on. I guess my point is this; it's not just bad, it seems to have been designed to sabotage the warm feelings and enjoyment anyone ever got out of the first movie.  I suppose this is actual mild anger, and I am venting.  I'm sort of sorry, but not anything like a grief you'll feel if you see this heap.
0517118297|5.0|Great if you love her type of literature. Classic.
B00003CX8V|5.0|'Bud' Baxter (Jack Lemon) works for an insurance company in New York and throughout his career he has seen the slow process of few people advancing within the company.  However, Bud has found the quick way for professional success and progress as he lends out his apartment to his superiors.  The apartment functions as a love nest for his bosses as they can continue their secret love affairs unhindered .  Regularly Bud has to return late at night as his superiors are leaving his apartment after a rendezvous with a mistress.  This is wearing out Bud both emotionally and physically as he must clean up the mess and deal with the neighbors gossip.  When the head of the company wants to borrow his key to his apartment he does not only advance his career, he also discovers the woman of his life.  But it comes with a price as he must chose between his career and love.<br />Billy Wilder is canny as he crafts this story about Bud and the escapades around his apartment.  There are two factors that Wilder uses that make the film readily available for a large audience.  First Wilder tells a story which people can relate to and second he makes it a comedy, which makes people laugh.  These two simple steps are fundamental for a successful film.  In addition, Wilder displays his remarkable storytelling skills as he creates this comedy with serious undertones similar to some of William Shakespeare's comedies and this offers depth and makes this film also a good one.  In the end, Wilder leaves the audience with a first class story that offers a brilliant cinematic experience as it leaves the audience with a message.
B000002H33|5.0|What do you do after releasing the best record of the 80's ( Ride the Lightning)? You record an album that maintains the perfection. Puppets is a metal classic, period. Follows the same formula as RTL but remains fresh and new. Permanent godly status ensues.<br /><br />Best song? Tough to say, because this album is so over the top good, but I have to go with Orion. The second instrumental they recorded, and WAY better than Call of Ktulu ( which for some weird reason is experiencing some kind of resurgence in popularity). Orion is genuis. I dont have an incredible background in classical music - but to me Orion is as good as anything ever written. The power, emotion, and beauty of Orion is second to none - and in fact, it is an even greater song because of the lack of lyrics. Orion is perfection. Without a doubt, Cliff Burton cements himself as a master musician because as we shall soon see - Metallica lose a large part of their innovation and creativity without him. RIP Cliff.
B000066744|5.0|On a foggy night right after the World War II Max (Pruitt Taylor Vince) enters a secluded music store in Southampton, England, where he intends to sell his trumpet.  Before Max leaves the store he plays one final tune on the trumpet which the storekeeper recognizes as he has just found a recording of the same tune.  The storekeeper asks if Max knows about the creator behind the touching piece, which Max does.  Max begins to tell the story of musical genius Danny Boodmann T.D. Lemon Nineteen Hundred (Tim Roth), the man who was born on a the ocean cruiser, Virginian, and never had set foot on land.  Legend of 1900 is a warm and wonderful story as it presents several interesting themes under the skillful direction of Tornatore.  These themes come to life as 1900 plays the piano, music that he creates instantly as his eyes and imagination wander the world and build new life experiences.  However, behind the inviting tale of 1900 there is a dark past that is unveiled as the story is told by Max.  The cinematography and music enhance the cinematic experience as it tells the tragedy of 1900 and leaves the audience in silent thought.
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica's last great album. If you dont own this then get off your ass and buy it. After this amazing record, Metallica went downhill hard.
B000002KHY|5.0|WHO POSSIBLY COULD DISLIKE JAMES TAYLOR'S GREATEST HITS? WITH SONGS LIKE &quot;YOU GOT A FRIEND,&quot; &quot;CAROLINA ON MY MIND&quot; AND &quot;SWEET BABY JAMES,&quot; THIS ALBUM IS ONE OF MY ALL-TIME FAVORITES. I'VE BEEN THROUGH 2 TAPES AND 2 CDs ALREADY IN SEVERAL YEARS.<br />HIS VOICE IS SO GENTLE, SWEET AND MELODIC, IT TAKES YOU AWAY TO A PEACEFUL PLACE (UP ON THE ROOF)WHERE TROUBLES ARE SO EASILY FORGOTTEN. IN MY HUKBLE OPINION, THERE IS NO MAN ALIVE WITH A BETTER SINGING VOICE AND A BETTER REPETOIRE OF SONGS!
B000002H2H|5.0|After Kill Em All - the metal world was anxiously awaitinging the second coming from these bad asses and they did not dissapoint. This is Metallica's greatest album ever. The only downside to this album - its just so good it makes other metal at the time weak by comparison.
B000002HAJ|5.0|ALTHOUGH I KNOW THAT MOST CURE FANS WILL DISAGREE, \\"WISH\\" IS PROBABLY ONE OF MY FAVORITE CURE CDs. OK, SO \\"FRIDAY I'M IN LOVE\\" IS A LITTLE TOO COMMERCIAL FOR MY TASTE; IT IS FUNNY! AND I, FOR ONE, CAN USE THE COMIC RELIEF WITHIN THIS STRANGE AND DARK JOURNEY THROUGH ROBERT SMITH'S MANIC-DEPRESSIVE MIND.<br />THIS IS MOSTLY A VERY DARK CD (BUT AREN'T THEY ALL, REALLY?)--LONLINESS, LOSS, DESPAIR, \\"FORCED\\" DRUNKENNESS, HATRED.... SMITH EXPRESSES DESPAIR AT WHAT HIS LIFE (AS AN MUSICICAN/POET) HAS BECOME, REMORISE AT HOW HE MUST BEHAVE IN ORDER TO MAKE OTHERS HAPPY (LOVERS, MANAGERS, FANS, ETC.). <br />BUT MY FAVORITE SONG ON THE ALBUM IS \\"LETTER TO ELISE.\\" IT IS SO SAD, SWEET AND DELICATE, LIKE A VICTORIAN-ROMANTIC POEM OF LOST/UNREQUITED LOVE. IN FACT, IT REMINDS ME, UNCANNILY, OF MY FAVORITE POET, CHARLES ALGERNON SWINBURNE'S POEM \\"FELISE?\\" COINCIDENCE? I DON'T THINK SO...EITHER WAY, \\"LETTER TO ELISE\\" IS BITTER-SWEET, TEAR-INSPIRING, SADLY PERMENANT.... <br />I HAVE ALWAYS BELIEVED ROBERT SMITH TO BE A MUSICAL AND POETIC GENIUS, AND THIS ALBUM PROVES IT, ONE MORE TIME, AS SURELY AS \\"DISINTEGRATION\\" AND \\"FAITH.\\"
0553275976|5.0|Using Wolfe's cake analogy, this book is one hell of a serving of a multi-layered cake. It is funny, farcical, tragic, satiric and informative. We are giving the wonderful New York landscape at its panoramic best, even to its underbelly in The Bronx Courthouse. <br />Sherman Mc.Coy becomes a victim of vicious circumstance, not only that we are given a glimpse into the machinations and manipulations of those who take advantage of his unfortunate position. <br />It is a morality tale, but one is left wondering what Sherman, a Master of the Universe, invite this upon himself: basically not listening to his better instinct of immediately reporting an accident to the police. He had become blinded by his love in an extra-marital relationship.<br />A real treat to read.
B0000CABBW|5.0|From the DVD's Main Menu go to the 'Special Features' and there select the 'TV Spots' menu entry. On the next submenu highlight the menu entry' Special Features' at the bottom of the screen and then press the 'Right' arrow key on your remote control. This will give you access to the original New Zealand theatrical trailer for the film.<BR>Now go back to the 'Special Features' menu and highlight the 'Main Menu' entry at the bottom of the screen. Press the 'Left' arrow key on your remote control to get access to a 6-minute clip, which is eleven year-old Keisha Castle-Hughes's remarkable audition tape that won her the role of Paikea in the film. Despite having no previous acting experience, Keisha was chosen from thousands of girls in an extensive school-wide search.<br />ENJOY!
B00011RPB0|1.0|In my first review I fogot to say that the first thing you see in this movie is the buttocks of Johanson in her panties. What for?<br />When a movie starts like that, can you expect anything good?
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is a great c.d. from Have You Ever all the way to Pay The Man. I admit i wasn't really an OffSpring fan to start out with but after i heard this c.d. I was like &quot;man this rocks.&quot; This is definetl one of there best c.d.'s. If I could I would give it 10 stars but the rating only goes to 5 so ehh. Anyway in conclusion this c.d. rocks and is a definite must have.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|First of all let me say that I truly appreciate those filmmakers who strive to say something witty or subtle with their works. Cinema can be such a very high form of art due to its excitation of multiple senses. Who can watch a true masterpiece and not be stirred emotionally? <br />Having said the above I must state that in my humble opinion Sophia Coppola's &quot;Lost in Tranlation&quot; falls very short of the mark. The idea is beautiful, truly creative and full of potential. Finding friendship in an alien and confusing world is indisputably a noble idea. However, the problem presented by this work is that this noble idea is demonstrated very early on in the film making much of the remaining content superfluous. I find Sophia's plodding relationship development confused and tedious. It's as if the film were a broken record, constantly repeating the beginning of a song as you look forward to the brilliant chorus. All in all I left this movie with a profound sense of nothingness. That instead of handling the issue with true tact and depth it was instead presented in a straight forward manner and then beat to death. Those who say that this type of shallow portrayal of humanity is masterful are either very easily manipulated by other's opinions or are very shallow themselves.<br />A little advice for those who have not seen this film yet. It is important to not have any preconcieved ideas about its content. If you expect to watch Bill Murray spreading sarcasm right and left you will be disappointed. If you carry no grandiose expectations and don't intend to think to deeply about the subject matter then you may be mildly amused. I gave it two stars for originality and good intentions.
B000063147|5.0|Wow.  I'd never so much as heard of Avenged Sevenfold until a week ago or so.  Being the curious guy I am.. and always wanting something new to listen to, I picked up Sounding The 7th Trumpet.  I have a huge collection of CDs, and only a select few of them stay in my CD player for more than a few plays.  Simply because, a lot of punk sounds the same, a lot of metal sounds the same, a lot of hardcore sounds the same.  I dont like listening to the same riffs, beats and vocals over and over, masquerading as different bands.<br />So, as you might expect, I was very pleasantly surprised to find that A7X (As they are so affectionately known) have one of the most unique sounds I've heard in a long time.  I haven't taken Sounding The 7th Trumpet out of my CD player since I put it in there.  Right from the intro, you know it's going to be a good CD.  It's just different, it doesnt sound like all the other hardcore out there.  It has definate metal influences, and definate punk influences.  In a song or two, the vocals combined with the beats remind me somewhat of Bad Religion, but other parts of the album are remniscent of older metal, or just straight up hardcore.<br />I have NO complaints about the album.  Even the piano led power ballad, Warmess Of The Soul, is a great song.  I never though I'd hear myself saying that, but I just like this band so much that I refuse to complain.  Much of the time when I listen to CDs, I find myself skipping songs to listen to the ones I really like.  I never skip a song on Sounding The 7th Trumpet.  Every song is awesome.  The guitarists are inventive, the vocalist is very dynamic, the bass player writes perfect, interesting but not overpowering basslines, and the drummer.. well, listen to his little mini solo in Darkness Surrounding.  Being a drummer myself, I really enjoy his playing style.<br />Long winded.. sure, but I could say so much more about this band.  I wont go into a track by track review.. all you have to know is, this is aROCKING album, and there's no reason you shouldn't buy it, no matter what you're into.  You've come this far, you read the review.. now buy it.  You won't be dissapointed.
0743506650|4.0|King has shown his great work, and how to put together your own work.  He talks about his early life, and his high school.  Then, he goes on to great metaphores.  He talks about his first book &quot;Carrie&quot; and how he made his first dollar.  This is a great book for anyone interested on writing a fiction story.  I would highly reccoment using this book, as a tool to start off.  King shows his knowledge in the subject, and it has shown.  He is a best selling author that can put any other memoir to shame.
B00013F38K|5.0|To finally beat this horse into submission, let me clarify that the \\"letterboxed\\" presentation of this set is, in fact, a CROPPED image of the full-frame image as was originally photographed and broadcast. To the reviewer that suggested the show was shot \\"widescreen\\" ratio and pan-and-scanned for its initial run, I would remind you that \\"widescreen\\" films are still shot on a full-frame (4:3)stock which is at some point cropped to achieve the widescreen frame, so you are basically suggesting the show was shot full-frame, cropped to widescreen, then cropped again for full-screen, and that this release reverts back to the cropped widescreen, which is, frankly, rubbish.<BR><BR><BR>As to the reviewer that posted (twice, so far!) whiney rants about the racism of this show, he has completely glossed over the oft-repeated message of this series, which was that bigots are stupid and weak, and will get their comeuppance. While you COULD make an argument that Carradine was wrong for this part,(in my opinion, he BECAME the part!) the debate falls into the realm of artistic decision, not racism. Your comparisons to white actors in blackface is pure hyperbole... \\"blackface\\" performers were never attempting to portray legitimate black characters--they were always a farce (and therefore, offensive). Would you be equally outraged if an African American actor playing a dark-skinned character of a different nationality, say a Haitan or Jamacian? How about Ben Kingsley or Peter Sellars playing an Indian? The nationality of the actor is only relevant to the extent that it affects their ability to play the part. In the case of Kung Fu, David Carradine pulls his weight, whether he has the correct pedigree or not.
B00005UK1F|5.0|After the pleasure of subjecting my ears to this behemoth of an album, I will forever judge music differently. For a while, I thought Dream Theater's Scenes From A Memory was the pinnacle of progressive achievement. I was wrong. Compared to this master piece, that album is an overlong piece of masturbatory twaddle with no depth, a ridiculous plotline, inane lyrics, and weak songwriting. And I still say that's a good album.<br />Peter Tchort(ex-Emperor) is a genius for orchestrating this. Either that, or crazy(a fine line, is it not?). The scope of this project is epic in every way. An hour-long song. Instruments ranging from a standard metal five-piece to a Gothic chorus, children's choir, sitar, female singer, saxophone, chimes, orchestra, piano, acoustic guitar, a music box, baby breathing, and the monotone singer on top...it's epic. The monotony of the lead singer is a plus, because his voice is solid, but it also manages to blend really well with the background, and is never annoying or fighting for the spotlight. The music ebbs and flows with it, never getting boring, smoothly transitioning from passage to passage, repeating one or two for unity, never becoming chaotic or descending into wankery.<br />It can be descibed as doom metal, although the pace does pick up once in a while. Calling it classical is a stretch, because it gets pretty crunchy at times. I suppose the term &quot;progressive classical metal&quot; is reserved for albums such as this...<br />There are a few minor gripes. Patience is required to fully appreciate this work. The wordless female singer at 33 minutes is somewhat annoying, and the riff at 16:20 is so amazing that it should have been much further developed. Other than those few peeves, this album is flawless. Musicians should take chances like this more often.<br />There's a single edit of this floating around on the Internet somewhere. Give it a whirl, and if you like the 7:00 minutes, you'll appreciate this hour-long...song...much more.
0790729652|5.0|In 1989 Tim Burton brought Batman back to the silver screen like never before seen.  People were shocked to see that Michael Keaton was Batman and the Jack Nicholson as the Joker had to be seen to be believed.  That summer Batman blew the competition away at the box office.  Michael Keaton proved he deserved to wear the cape and cowl and Jack Nicholson stole the show with his performance.  The cinematography in this film is beautiul, leaving you with a timeless, dark setting that looks like it could have taken place in the 40s, the 80s, or whenever your imagination chooses.  I highly reccomend this DVD to anybody who has an imagination and ever wanted to see Batman shine in all of his glory!
0385510438|5.0|I haven't read any of Grisham's books since The Rainmaker, but my girlfriend convinced me to read this one because she really liked it.  I found myself absorbed into the story and turned the pages until the end.  Well-written, and a good read even for those folks who don't get into courtroom drama (like myself).  The only dissapointment for me was a somewhat abrupt ending.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|The first X-Men movie was incredible.  It was a superhero blockbuster that had incredible special effects, but also had an incredible plot.  Like many, I was skeptical with the sequel.  More often than not, sequels of great movies end up being terrible.  So imagine my susprise when I went and saw this movie and I enjoyed it more than the first movie!  The great part of X2 is that the characters are already introduced, so you don't have to waste time telling who everybody is, you can just get straight to the action.  As far as the DVD goes, the picture is stunning and the DTS audio will literally shake your house.  It also has a plentiful selection of extras.  I highly reccomend this DVD to a fan of superhero movies or action movies.
B00011RPB0|5.0|This movie is simply brilliant and is NOT overrated as much people say. The humor is perfectly balanced with the dreamy mood in the movie and unlike someone said in an earlier review here, it is a good thing that the friendship between Bill and Scarlett didn't get closer! This is not a Disney movie for god sakes! It's a masterpiece.
B00005JKCH|3.0|I'm reviewing both the movie and the DVD here.  Let's start with the movie.<br />MOVIE - It seems like the story of Spiderman would have been played better dark, and with Sam Raimi at the helm I was expecting a much darker story, but it almost seemed too cartoonish.  A lot of the critics liked it and don't get me wrong, I like it too.  I was just expecting a darker version of the story.  Willem Dafoe is just loony, and Green Goblin should not be played like the Joker or the Riddler.  The casting there was iffy, but everything else was on par.  An enjoyable Saturday night rental is the best I can give the movie.<br />The DVD - Well, first things first, the video and the sound are top notch.  I won't knock it on the A/V quality.  The picture has a 3d look to it and it's very vibrant and the soundfield comes alive in many places of the movie.  However, the extras are lacking.  This whole DVD (much like the actual movie) feels very rushed.  You get some fluff material and some music videos, but nothing of real value.<br />Overall, I'd only reccomend a buy on this if you're a die hard comic book fan or spiderman fan.  Other than that, it makes a great rental, but not a great buy.
B0000A02TZ|2.0|This movie is stupid. It's retarded. It's boring. And most of all, it's not funny. But, most people I talk to LOVE this movie. I have no idea why. I just wasted 2 hrs. of my life watching a movie that was supposed to be humorous, but turned out to be a huge disappointment.<br />Maybe it's because I am getting older (I am only 28), but this humor just wasn't funny. Maybe it's because we live in the age of 'American Pie' movies and Hollywood has raised the bar for this kind of humor. This flick just seemed tame and rather cheesy.<br />Set in 1963, the story centers around the Delta house fraternaty on fictitious Faber college. While the other houses on campus are more of the goody-goody type, the Delta house is filled with parties and beer drinking bums. It's the typical \\"we don't care about our grades, so let's get drunk\\" party house. It's members are the main characters in the movie.<br />The dean of the college wants them all booted off. The house is an embarrassment to the school and the dean sets off a plan to get their charter revoked. Along the way, hilarity is supposed to insue. I found very little humor here.<br />The only thing that saves this from being a complete turd is some good acting. John Belushi steals the show here as Bluto, the chubby alcoholic that can crush beer cans on his forehead. The rest of the cast isn't too bad either. Tim Matheson, Tom Hulce, Karen Allen, Donald Sutherland, and even Kevin Bacon in his first screen role.<br />The problem with this movie, like I said before, is it seems tame and cheesy. When the movie is trying to convey crazy & gross out humor, it doesn't work. I mean since the days this flick was made (1978), we have seen a man eat dog poop in a movie, drink a cup of semen filled beer, and a guy get his hand glued to his penis. My point is that this film doesn't work anymore. It may have back in '78. And it may be a kick for people who actually went to college back in the 60's, but for the modern day person, it's nothing.I can't recommend this movie to anyone that isn't already a fan of it. You would be wasting your money.<br />The DVD special features are ok, at best. It includes a couple of \\"where-are-they-now\\" featurettes on the cast and their characters. There is a music video and not much else. Even though I didn't like the movie, these supplements are a let down. Since they are not much more than the last version of this DVD that was released.
B0001611DI|5.0|An amazing film - Romero is the Orwell of Horror Films and really should be more recognized for his genius.  This, the second film in the Dead trilogy by Romero, is perhaps the best (Night of the Living Dead, the first, is a close second), and is required viewing for anyone interested in zombie/apocalyptic films.  Every film since this one has necessarily made reference to Romero's work. An intelligent film which makes biting social commentary on our comsumer society as well as questions what it means to retain one's humanity in difficult situations.  The \\"remake\\" of this film, coming out in 2004, has nothing to do with the premises or social statements so astutely made in this film by George Romero.  Do not mistake the \\"remake\\" for this classic: it isn't.
B00002MZ12|5.0|&quot;Alanis Unplugged&quot; is one of the best of these stripped down live albums that have become more common in the last couple of decades.  I would probably have to go back to the one by 10,000 Maniacs for the last time I thought an artist came off better live and unplugged than they did in the studio.  In large measure that has to do with Morissette reigning in her vocal affectations while singing most of these songs, which benefit from being stripped down so that the personal lyrics are emphasized more.  With Morissette it is always about cryptic lyrics and moody melodies, but rally being able to hear the words and the way she vocalizes these songs in a more intimate situation makes them more approachable (e.g., &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot;).  These songs are song without her voice being piercing or jarring, and there may well be those who find it too much of a change from what they first came to like about her music, but I would not be one of those people.<br />You also have to take the song choices into consideration of this album as well since Morissette only does four songs from her hit album &quot;Jagged Little Pill,&quot; devoting more time to performing songs from to her less successful &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot; album.  There is only one cover song in the mix, but it is Sting's &quot;King of Pain,&quot; which fits nicely into the overall tapestry of Morissette's songwriting, and several previously unreleased tracks such as &quot;No Pressure Over Cappucinio&quot; (a rare occasion for Morisette to let her voice soar into the higher octaves) and &quot;Princess Familiar.&quot;  I like the range of these songs.  Both &quot;Head Over Feet&quot; and &quot;Ironic&quot; strike me as more playful and &quot;I Was Hoping&quot; more moody and mystical.  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; is the one song that really does not fit for me because the production values seem at odds with the rest of the album, but it does set up a strong finish with a stark version of &quot;Uninvited,&quot; so that is a minor caveat.  &quot;Alanis Unplugged&quot; has simply become the Alanis Morisette album that I listen to the most because I think it is her best one, even if that opinion has me swimming against the tide.ark version of &quot;Uninvited,&quot; so that is a minor caveat.  &quot;Alanis Unplugged&quot; has simply become the Alanis Morisette album that I listen to the most because I think it is her best one, even if that opinion has me swimming against the tide.
B000002I99|4.0|Something was different. Alice without makeup, Alice in a tuxedo.<BR>The band had gone taking some of their spark with them but Nightmare would suprise by it's depth.<BR>Alice sings of giant spiders and a cyclops,and of course Ethyl his stone cold girlfriend. The gutteral rasp of Devil's Food, the kick of Only Women Bleed give the first sign that Alice Mk2, parody or not was going to be worthwhile.<BR>Dept Of Youth with its immortal line on Donny Osmond introduced black humour into Alice's music, no one I have ever heard since has delivered anything like it for me.<BR>Steven, is the album's conceptual stagepiece and is really pretty chilling. But for me the album's closing song Escape is the most overlooked of Alice's entire solo career, this surely is John Lennon just back from his first LSD trip and wanting to tell the world about it. Steal my mascara any time you like Alice just dont tell the Pope, I'm a catholic girl.<BR>Alice could still make music without his band no need to wake up just yet.
0140187537|4.0|This novel was one of Steinbeck's last, and delves heavily into themes of disillusionment with one's country and one's lot in life.  While The Grapes of Wrath was arguably a more heartbreaking book, in that novel, at least the characters still cared and still maintained ideals.  In this book, the character of Ethan Allen Hawley has lost hope for the future and lapsed into a great abyss of depression and despair.  In this way, Steinbeck seemed much more Hemingway-esque than he had in his earlier, and in my opinion greater, works of fiction.<br />While I did not enjoy this book as much as earlier works like The Grapes of Wrath, there is still much to appreciate in this tale about an American patriarch who has lost his way.  Ethan lives in New Baytown, a fictional New England town, with his dissatisfied, materialistic wife, daughter and son.  Both children are writing an essay regarding why they love America, though only the son is able to finish it--and he does so by plagiarizing speeches by Henry Clay and Abraham Lincoln.  Ethan's family was once well-to-do but lost their fortune with speculative investments after WWII, relegating Ethan to working as a grocery clerk at the store he once owned.  His boss is an illegal Italian immigrant who encourages Ethan to be less generous with the customers.<br />New Baytown itself is a major character in the novel.  The entire town operates within a realm of corruption.  Yet things have operated that way so long that no one remembers it is corrupt anymore.  All of the major and minor characters are seriously flawed--Margie Young-Hunt, the town seductress and witch; Mr. Baker, the greedy banker;  Joey Morphy, the bank clerk who describes the perfect way to rob a bank.  Gradually Ethan realizes that the only way to be happy is to get money.  The only way to get money is to bend his own moral standards.  And once he bends his moral standards, he is more miserable than ever.<br />This short novel is delightfully written, with superb dialogue and clever references to religion and American history.  It is basically an indictment of America's materialistic lifestyle as it entered the 1960's.  I enjoyed it very much on that level, but did not feel it withstood comparison to Steinbeck's earlier, more emotional novels.  This story was more allegory than novel, which is fine--but which one should keep in mind while reading this little gem.dialogue and clever references to religion and American history.  It is basically an indictment of America's materialistic lifestyle as it entered the 1960's.  I enjoyed it very much on that level, but did not feel it withstood comparison to Steinbeck's earlier, more emotional novels.  This story was more allegory than novel, which is fine--but which one should keep in mind while reading this little gem.
6304698798|5.0|The other one is \\"Once Upon A Time In The West\\", also directed by Sergio Leone. As in some of the best Spaghetti Western movies, in \\"The Good, The Bad And The Ugly\\" there are no heroes, only antiheroes at best, all the characters are capable of anything in order to remain alive.<br />Ennio Morricone's score is another character in this epic set in a Western, the main theme is one of the most well-known songs in the world of the music from the movies. The photography is flawless, as well as Sergio Leone's direction. The characters are so fascinating that the audiences are interested in them from beginning to end.<br />\\"The Good, The Bad And The Ugly\\" is one of the two best westerns, both this movie and \\"Once Upon A Time In The West\\" are essential videos, both films made by Sergio Leone.
B000127LW2|4.0|I think Voyager is probably my favourite series of the Star Treks.  Something about Janeway, I guess.  I like her leadership style.  I get the feeling that Voyager found its footing much more quickly than the others.<br />The extra clips of the first captain was interesting.  Maybe it's just that I've gotten used to Mulgrew, but the clips made me very glad that it was she who played Janeway eventually.<br />I'm really annoyed, however, that with only 15 episodes the set still costs so much.  I was hoping for some more extras to make up for it.  Yes, Yes, I could have just not bought it, but then I wouldn't have the entire set.  Paramount is terrible in treating their fans this way.  And with this set, they've even really cut back on the packaging.  What I mean is, while the TNG sets came in those nice boxes, the Voyager ones come in a thin plastic case, not even as good as the ones DS9 had.  Not only that, the disks themselves had no design on them like the other series, and once you took off the plastic, there was nothing to protect the top disk.  Yes, I know it seems like a small thing, but people who'd buy these sets are presumably fans who'd want to keep their disks in as great condition as possible.  Especially after they shell out a hundred dollars a season.  This lack of care is one reason why it's lost a star in my rating.<br />But the episodes themselves are great.  With the clarity of the DVD, it's almost like seeing the series in a completely new way.  It's always funny to look at the hairstyles of the first seasons in any of the star treks.  And Neelix's coat when he first gets on the ship!  Oh, dear.  But the episode with his missing lung I thought was kind of silly.
0451167716|5.0|Mario Puzo is truly a gifted writer.  In the Godfather, he was able to mix an outstanding story line into characters that were extremely lifelike.  As you read farther and farther into the book, I could feel the intensity rise as the Corleone saga continued.  The Godfather is one of the few books that I couldn't put down.  I wanted to turn to the next page before I was finished with the one I was on.<BR>     The Godfather was the first of its kind.  Others have tried to imitate such a novel, but no one can match to Mario Puzo's writing skills.  Mario Puzo is an outstanding writer and I think that he has given a gift to the world through the Godfather novel.<BR>     Mario Puzo's characters were as real as they come.  The realationships between the Don and his family gave you a number of feelings.  There were those that he didn't trust, and those that he would give his life for.  The Godfather's characters brought you into the story and gave more meaning to it.  I would recomend anyone to read this book, as it truly is amazing.
B00008PC2O|5.0|Ok so a little reluctant at first, but eventually I succumb to buying T2 Extreme even though I already own T2 Ultimate. I must say though, that T2 Extreme's picture &amp; audio is pretty cool. I bought a home theatre system with Surround Sound 5.1 and I have to tell you they dont call this edition Extreme for nothing, Ultimate isnt bad either, but you can defintly tell the difference of the T2 Extreme's picture tranfer and new audio. I also really like audio commentary by Cameron. I really shouldnt call T2 Extreme another edition of T2, because really &amp; honestly it's more of an extenstion to T2 Ultimate, on the 2nd disc all you'll find is 2 new documentaries and DVD ROM features, not like the Ultimate which has more features than you can count. Overall I love the new DVD of T2 and am a proud owner of both editions with all the special features galore.<br />-MMF
B00009V7RF|2.0|Oh where have you strayed, BEP? This is an utter sell-out. Really, really corny lyrics throughout, made only worse by the excessive and unoriginal brand of funk they try to jam down your throat on every track. This album is reserved for the suburban kids who live and die by the TRL top ten and would never dabble into real hip hop. Blugh...
0451527046|3.0|Treasure Island starts out in a inn. in  England in the mid 1700's with a boy named Jim Hawkins. His life seems perfectly normal until men start showing up and threaten his life and one ends up dieing in the inn. Destined to find out what these mysterious men are after and why he goes through the late notorious Billy Bones, a man who died from too much rum and fright. While snooping he finds money from everywhere and a map. <br />He sets out with a crew destined to find the treasure. Along the way he makes friends with the friendly cook Long John Silver. He soon finds out the truth about silver and his crew, theu're pirates determined to find the treasure and kill the crew that gets in their way. As they arrive at the island they are soon diveded by power and fright. a battle takes place and soon they realize who has the true power.<BR>Jim diobalicly outsmarts the pirates and prove to them that hes not just a boy. <br />This story is full of alcohal and voilance, something not expected in a story meant for children. It can be boring at times and and is full of terms and slang that some may bnot even be able to realize if they didnt put the peices together. All in all it is a wonderful story full of detail and mystery. Its wonderful to find out what happens with the treasure and what ever happens to Jim....? So i recommend it to you if you enjoy stories such as this or maybe Mmuppets Treausre Islands...or Pirates of the Carribean! Anyways i hope you enjoy the story and you will love what happens to the treasure!
0385504209|5.0|A great who done it, on the surface! Following Da Vinci as a person, his interest of history and spirituality was intense! All the clues are there. His belief system shines through. The book was well written. Can not put it down once you start. I will read it again and again. Recommend to all.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I thought it was one of the two best movies I saw last year, the other being Thirteen.<br />Some complained that it was slow. I guess it is true it had virtually no plot. But the brilliant character study of a man realizing he's passed the high point of his life and is on the downward slide was unforgettable and poignant. The picture is completed by the intersection of his life with that of someone who has all of her possibilities in front of her, although she has a hit a momentary bump in the road. It adds more poignancy still that she is a gorgeous young woman who he probably could become sexually involved with, but won't, and with whom he falls into a rather chaste love. It's not that he's not looking for love or solace--he is. He casually sleeps with the chanteuse. But makes sure he doesn't interfere with Scarlett's life. He turns her loose, and doesn't lean on her. It has a kind of Victorian agony in the choices made. At the end, in the famous scene where he whispers something you cannot hear, everyone is left to give their own interpretation and fill in the blanks. I would guess, consistent with how I interpret the movie, that he said: \\"I love you, but this is as far as it goes. Call me sometime, and let me know if you ever need help. I'll miss you.\\"<br />A beautiful film.<br />It would've been my choice for Best Picture, although I understand why they felt they needed to honor the LOTR trilogy .
B00005JM0B|1.0|If you insist of completing your collection, you need to buy one otherwise it is a complete waste of time and money.  Spend your money on Lord of the Rings instead.
0385504209|2.0|Some time ago I discovered people don't like negative reviews, but... What the heck! I have to comment on this book!<br />The Da Vinci Code was surrounded by so much hype I was eagerly waiting for my wife to finish reading it to start. I went to the web pages in both English and Spanish, and tried to solve the mistery. The disappointment started to creep in when I had to answer a question asking the name of the police chief according to the book... Anyway, let's talk about the book.<br />I started enjoying the book greatly. I had visited Paris and London on my honeymoon, and the book descriptions brought back welcomed memories. The book gets two stars instead of one because of this, and the fact I was able to finish it.<br />I had heard the Catholic Church was angry because of this book, and was expecting some deep research and shocking truths. Instead, I found some ludicrous propositions, such as saying that patriarchal societies started 2,000 years ago, at the same time as Christianism.<br />It also goes on explaining the golden ratio, expressing views that go against &quot;The Golden Ratio : The Story of PHI, the World's Most Astonishing Number&quot; by Mario Livio, who does an in depth (if somewhat dense) recall of the golden ratio.<br />It talks about cyphers, and for that, you could read &quot;The Code Book: The Science of Secrecy from Ancient Egypt to Quantum Cryptography&quot; by Simon Singh, which is great, again more in depth and, unlike the Code, believable.<br />And then, the author sense of thriller is too soap-opera style for me: &quot;You know, I have a terrible secret I could tell you, but I'm not doing it now!&quot;. Please! I'd rather take my suspense from Stephen King, Michael Chrichton or Peter Hamilton any day.<br />Maybe I would have liked better the book if my expectations had not been so high. It is a teen book, without much substance.
B00000251N|5.0|JONATHAN LIVINGSTON SEAGULL, a terrific uplifting book about finding the best in others and in ourselves, was a movie that required a very special soundtrack.  It got exactly what it needed from Neil Diamond.  Though released years ago this album is still as vibrant and soaring and transcendent as it ever was.  Wonderful vocal renditions by Neil Diamond such as BE, LONELY LOOKING SKY, DEAR FATHER and SKYBIRD are simply marvelous and add to these the wonderful orchestral tracks of the same titles and you have a soundtrack that will have you coming back again and again.<br />THE HORSEMAN
B0000AQS0F|5.0|For those of you who've been living under a rock, Firefly is one of the best things to happen to science fiction television in a long time. Perhaps ever. Joss Whedon's intoxicating space-western drama has complex and intriguing characters, fantastic dialogue, and an on-the-money sense of dramatic pacing. The story arc clearly has a long-term spin, and the world our characters inhabit is at once foreign and familiar. Such is the power of this series to captivate your imagination that spaceship captains sporting revolvers and country-bumpkin farmgirls speaking fluent mandarin seem perfectly reasonable. This is a yarn about our future, rooted solidly in our past, which feels like our very familiar present.<br />So thumb your nose at the powers that be at Fox who unwittingly axed this show and do yourself a favor and pick up the DVD set ASAP.
0385510438|1.0|In between the taut exciting thrillers Grisham used to wirte and the pointless drivel of A Painted House and Skipping Christmas.  The first part was pretty good, not predictable at all, but then he just changed modes and starting droning on and on about boring small town life and didn't get back to the story until near the end.  I long for the days of The Firm, A Time To Kill, The Partner, The Runaway Jury.  Those were books I couldn't put down.  It's been several years since Grisham's produced anything like that.  This will be the last hardcover Grishal novel I buy--from now on, I wait for the paperback.
B00005JME0|5.0|...this was a great movie to see in the theaters. With every flashback to the past, I jumped. I will definately buy this when it's released. It will go in my \\"best of\\" case for sure. Seeing how rotten one kid could be makes you think back to your own past and be thankful your friends weren't like that.<br />  The added child abuse/molestation storyline was great because it through in a shock value that really made you hate the father.<br />  This is a must have movie for the psych lovers out there.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|First and foremost, yes the cover leaves much to be desired. Eddie is the Grim Reaper standing among refugees from a Salvidor Dali painting. But let's get to the meat of the album and ignore the cover.<br />Right before Bruce left the band, albums like Fear of the Dark and No Prayer for the Dying were relatively weak compared to their frist four albums. However with Bruce's return, Maiden has been gaining strength with better song writing and more powerful songs. Bruce Dickenson is undoubtedly on of metal's best vocalists. His voice is always strong, and even though his hair is short now, there is no compromise with his sound. He could still blow away most frontmen.<br />Highlight tracks for me are Wildest Dreams, Gates of Tomorrow, and Journeymen. Maybe Steve Harris' bass isn't galloping all over the place like in the past, but this is still a very tight, professional band, even with three guitarists.
0440224764|4.0|Patrick Lanigan was a lawyer who wanted to get away from his life.  He planned his death about a year in advance.  He decided that he would run his car into a tree. Patrick went back to his cabin where he hid for the night.  He was usually in hotels or condos. The day of his funeral, he watched as his wife cry over his death, but was excited that she was getting money.  Patrick stoled ninety million dollars before he moved to Brazil. While Patrick was in different places, he made his own false passports, and made up his names. Eva was a Brazilian lawyer who hid the money from everyone.  It took Jack Stephano four years to find Patrick.  After finding Patrick, his conspirators tortured him almost to death.  The FBI found out about the capture of Patrick and contacted Stephano.  They told him that if Patrick was harmed he would be dead in an instant.  Patrick was taken to a hospital in Rio where he was treated well.  He was ordered to be hospitalized as long as possible.  Patrick finally got a lawyer, Sandy, who told him exactly what happened in the past. Sandy was the only one who made contact with Eva.  Patrick made many agreements with the people that were against him.  The truth about who died in the vehicle finally came out.  He was convicted of manslaughter, but it was soon moved down to defilement of a corpse.<br />I personally like the book, but I would have to say that the ending wasn't that great.
0345409671|3.0|I read it because it was the next one of Rice's Vampire series.  This one let me down a little.  It supposes that our hero Lestat finally meets the Christian Devil, gets taken back in time to witness the Crucifixion first hand, even speak to Jesus.  I found the continuous vampire killings to have become boring after the previous books.  The explanation of how Lestat gets involved with Christian theology is strained and confused.  I finished it to find out how it ended, but reading it got tedious.  I can't decide if it's vision is over reaching, or maybe Rice was working to hard to top her previous efforts and fell short.  Read it if you're hooked on the vampire series.
B000002LK1|5.0|It is my first DM CD and I would like to thank you all guys for your review!!!<BR>This album is great and if you do not have this album...get one !!!
B0000C7GG2|5.0|My best friend has been raving about Muse for what must be a year now.  He heard them while on a business trip in Amsterdam, and while I never doubted for a second that they were as good as he enthusiastically claimed them to be, not having any readily available proof in the U.S. somehow lessened the impact of his praises.  MP3s he supplied to me whetted my appetite, but even those couldn't provide a satisfyingly complete exposure to the music of Muse.  So finally after much hunting, I have acquired an import of this album.  (I could have ordered it from Amazon, of course, but I enjoy the thrill of the hunt and the instant gratification that comes with finding an intensely-lusted after CD as a result of tireless store-combing.)  And lemme tell ya, this album's introduction into my world has been so satisfying it borders on the bloody cathartic.  This band, this CD, and--hell--this review are for all of the baffled and bereft, bag-holding Radiohead fans out there.  This is for the conflicted, not the fanatical.  This is for the enthusiasts who found the transition from OK Computer to Kid A an unexpected disappointment, like waking up one morning to discover that the adorable puppy you bought and bonded with has grown up to become a very tasty looking Belgian waffle or a state-of-the-art washing machine.  You feel love for the puppy, and it's because of this now thoroughly confused but still-sincere devotion that you must acknowledge that the waffle smells delicious or that the washing machine is indeed quite remarkably sleek and efficient.  Deep down, however, you can't lay to rest the confused thought, &quot;But where is my dog?  Wasn't this thing supposed to become a dog?  Really, a dog was the next and most obvious step in the puppy-development process.  I honestly thought I was going to get a canine companion out of this whole thing.  I don't want to sound ungrateful, but I kind of wanted, you know, a dog.&quot;  Instead of a dog, you got a filling breakfast andsomething that washes your whites to blinding perfection; instead of the lush, dark, musically vital and rich follow-up to OK Computer, you got Kid A, Amnesiac, and Hail to the Thief.  If this analogy actually makes sense to you, then you're one of my fellow dazed and confused compatriots.  Musically this album has, to a significant extent, assuaged the sense of incompleteness that Radiohead left me feeling.  Absolution has actually weighed down with goodies the empty bag Thom Yorke left me holding.  I'm not saying that Muse is just an alternate dimension version of Radiohead, because they are quite clearly their own entity.  Nor am I saying that their merit lies entirely in some similarity of sounds.  Muse is Muse, and Muse is damn good.  Radiohead still has its strengths, and Thom Yorke's excessive solemnity and need for profundity still earn a measure of my respect... but truly, on a basic and visceral level, Muse's music--and particularly this volume of it--give me a little, wild thrill of, &quot;Yes!  Yes!  There you are!  I knew you had to be somewhere, you rascally little puppy!  I can't believe you were hiding behind that washing machine the entire time.  Still, I'm so glad you're back--and, gosh, you must be hungry!  Hey, do you want to split this waffle with me?&quot;
B00004Y6RO|5.0|I purchased this album because of a reccomendation from a friend.  I've always been a metal fan, favoring harder metal such as Korn, Metallica, Slayer, etc.  These guys blew me away.  Every song is filled with emotion and a passion I havn't heard for a long time.  Featuring the popular single &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; as well as a host of other awesome songs, this album is definately one of the best additions to my CD collection.
B00006RU5B|4.0|It might not break new ground, but none the less, this album is good. The guitar work is Tom Morello's unique style, playing everything from great arena rock riffs, to acustic mellow tunes. When it comes to the rest of the band (drums, bass, vocals) it is pretty generic, yet, it has a lot of soundgarden in it, not much Rage Against The Machine. Still, this album is pretty good and if this band proceed on making music like this, we will have a classic in here.<BR>Highlights: &quot;Like A Stone&quot;, &quot;Cochise&quot;
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot is back with a vengeance after too long a wait.  This album is quite a bit heavier than the self titled album, featuring darker lyrics and breathtaking melodies.<br />The long awaited Iowa album features songs such as New Abortion, My Plague of Resident Evil fame, and Everything Ends.  Slipknot is still keeping to their roots with passionate emotion fueled melodies, but have added the occasional slow song, which by no means has made them soft.  The song &quot;Iowa&quot; could be considered slow, but leaves the same kind of impact as Slipknot always seems to leave.  Definately another good addition to any hardcore metalheads collection.
B00008J2DQ|4.0|unlike &quot;Awake&quot; what you hear on the singles on this album is what you get: heavy nu metal rock songs. I stand Alone and Straight out of Line have being in the radio for a while, mostly everyone might have heard them by now. Well, that heavy guitar sound combined with that bombing bass and amazing drumming (this new drummer is awesome!) is what you are gonna get musically. Sully's vocals sound a lot better and more melodic, without leaving it's anger and strength, than in the previous two records. It's catchy, sounds heavy, it's great.<BR>Highlights: I Stand Alone, Faceless
B0001ENY6M|5.0|The soundtrack and the movie were both brilliant and beautiful. Awesome movie with painful agonizing feelings mixed in but overall I believed the movie was fantastic. The songs bring the mood, especially to this movie, and it plays a very important part in it as well.
B00006879E|3.0|Purchased this CD about a week ago, and I find it to be just average. The songs are ok in content, but it definately is not something that I would HAVE to have in the CD player. I have to say that the vocals on this record are something that I have not heard before. There is a certain edge to it, this is a good thing. It is a good record to try out, but dont expect too much out of this one!!
014028009X|5.0|&quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; by Helen Fielding is such a great and funny book. Bridget Jones is thirty-something single woman living in London trying with problems that all single people face. Dating, Parents trying to fix you up, Losing weight and just trying to though each day without losing it. I think that main reason that this book works so well is that it is written in a diary form, with not to long entries. Overall, &quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; was one of the first &quot;chick-lit&quot; books that set the standard for all that followed.
B00005TT77|4.0|I Am Sam is a great, really interesting listen for anyone who's seen the film, or hasn't. As some people have mentioned, not many artists on this collection have taken interpretative chances...but a few do stand out.<br />Ben Harper's cover of &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot; is no less than great, Sarah M. does a great job also, and Stereophonics' &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; has an amazing antiquey feel.<br />The most outstanding interpretation is Howie Day's, with &quot;Help.&quot; His desperate, bittersweet version is powerful.
B0001DI0FI|5.0|Those who enjoyed the various Horatio Hornblower films (one of which stars Gregory Peck) will especially appreciate this adaptation of material from a series of novels written by Patrick O'Brian. Directed by Peter Weir and starring Russell Crowe as Captain \\"Lucky\\" Jack Aubrey, Master and Commander examines life aboard a British warship during the Napoleonic Wars as it encounters and is battered by a French privateer, the Acheron, and then pursues its enemy from the coast of Brazil southward around Cape Horn to The Galapagos Island until the final, inevitable and decisive encounter. The acting is first-rate, beginning with Crowe but including Paul Bettany (who previously appeared with Crowe in A Perfect Mind) as ship's surgeon, Dr. Stephen Maturin, and Max Pirkis as Lord Blakeney, one of several midshipmen aboard H.M.S. Surprise. Weir brilliantly juxtaposes violent battle scenes at sea with quiet, at times tender moments aboard ship. There is also a fascinating sequence during which Dr. Maturin and two youthful companions leave the ship to gather scientific specimens until unexpectedly....<br />The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards, receiving one (Russell Boyd for cinematography). Given the competition, it probably did not deserve others but suggesting that in no way damns with faint praise. (Praises with faint damnation?) This is a delightful, stirring, and on occasion moving account of a charming and resourceful captain and his loyal crew who, when necessary, summon exceptional courage with style and grace. I was surprised to learn how self-sufficient such ships must be, especially in terms of repairing damage resulting from combat. Because all of the film is set aboard the British warship, I also realized how confining, if not claustrophobic it must have seemed at times to crew members. On occasion, I did have a problem catching some of the dialogue but that may be more indicative of my hearing ability (or loss thereof) than of the quality of the soundtrack.  This was an especially entertaining film which I plan to see again soon, joined by a large bowl of hot buttered popcorn and a cold beverage or two.k.  This was an especially entertaining film which I plan to see again soon, joined by a large bowl of hot buttered popcorn and a cold beverage or two.
0441172717|5.0|I had to put a word in about Dune because it's one of the most impressive achievements in science fiction and because it's the kind of book everyone with a weakness for science fiction should try and read at least once in their lifetime. <br />Dune is the tale of a post-utopian humanity. It is us, twenty thousand years in the future, in a feudal universe controlled by entrenched economic, religious, and political factions. A massive empire consisting of thousands of planets is completely dependent on an unreproducable drug found only on a bleak desert rock called Arrakis. The plot is positively byzantine and weaves the tale of a messiah figure with elements of religious, political, anthropological, and ecological philosophy. Somehow all of these elements are weaved into a great yarn that will compel the reader to seek out and discuss it with others.<br />Now alot of people try to read this book in their early teens and put it down. The first time I read it I was eighteen and had the benefit of a six hour train ride to soak up the initial hump. I re-read it at thirty and realized that I totally missed the point, I percieved it as a drug book when it's so much more than that. On one level it's an extended meditation on the influence of environment upon culture and religion. On another level it is a meditation upon the intentions of messianic figures and unavoidable distortion of those ideas by their fundamentalist followers. An incredible variety of themes are discussed and yet the human story remains compelling and interesting. It's a mindblowing book that elevates itself above the genre to become a true piece of literature. It should be as respected as any other work of fiction. I mean it! Any piece of literature because this novel is as relevant and profound as anything by Dostoyevsky or Hemingway or Kafka or James Joyce. You think I'm kidding? I dare you to read it and tell me otherwise. <br />(This is a kick ass book that I reccomend to anyone. I liked the lynchfilm version for it's great cast and unparalelled art direction, but it's no substitute for reading the book and may actually turn off potential readers. The miniseries aired on the Scifi channel is shoddy and presents an unimaginative, if loyal dramatization.)
B00005ATQF|5.0|this film is very imotional. i almost cried when i saw it for the first time.<BR>it's like two films in one package, so some people might be a little confused, but if you think about it it all makes perfect sense.<BR>if you think yourselves true movie fans get the hell out of your house and rent it.
B00005JLRT|4.0|I have a confession to make. I have to turn in my Trekkie credentials. It took me two years to watch the last Star Trek film, Insurrection. Now, it's taken me almost that long to watch the latest (and probably last) Trek movie, Nemesis. I hang my head in shame...<br />Last night, though, I rectified that by watching it on DVD. Was it worth the wait? Was it worthy of the name Star Trek? How did our illustrious Enterprise crew acquit themselves? And just what is it with bald men in the 24th century? The answers to all of these questions is: yes, yes, reasonably well, and bald is sexy (not to me, of course, but some women seem to like it). It's probably the second best Next Generation movie out there, after First Contact. It's a bit rough around the edges, a bit \\"been there, done that,\\" but overall it's entertaining.<br /><br />When I first heard about Nemesis, my first thought was: COOL!! ROMULANS! Then, I watched this movie, and was a bit disheartened. There were hardly any Romulans in it! Instead, Nemesis introduces the Remans, a slave race from the Romulans' sister planet, who have decided that they've had enough. The make-up for the Remans was really cool, but I want my Romulans!!! I had to make do with a couple of iffy military types, Donatra and Suran (Dina Meyer and Jude Ciccolella). They got a few lines (Meyer more than Ciccolella), were able to sound suitably haughty, but that was about it. Neither had the chance to really stretch themselves (though Meyer was able to sport some interesting green bruises on her face when her ship was damaged).<br />A lack of pointy-eared enemies was not my only problem with this movie, however. The whole android sub-plot with B4 seemed shoehorned into the film. Yes, he is part of Shinzon's plan, but it just seemed like an excuse to get Spiner some more screen time and to give Data and Picard a way off of Shinzon's ship. While the whole B4 sequence can be defended, the execution of how they find him was ludicrous. It smacked of \\"we're 30 minutes into the film and we haven't had an action sequence! Quick, go find Michael Bay!\\" The whole dune buggy chase scene was completely ridiculous. The \\"inventive\\" way that they are able to escape was even more ridiculous (it's hard to be more than completely ridiculous, but this sequence manages it). Not to mention that it's against Starfleet policy of interfering with a pre-warp civilization. Just imagine what would happen if, in the early 20th century, a bunch of US soldiers were chasing a car and that car jumped into a floating spacecraft and took off. What would be the reaction? Yet our intrepid crew ignore other possibilities (sure, transporting a crew down there might leave them stranded, but how about beaming the sources of the signals up instead?).<br />My final complaint (just to get them all out of the way) is the fact that most of this stuff has been done before in Trek. Sure, there hasn't been a clone of one of the major characters done before, but the issues explored (identity, nature vs nurture, etc) have been. Nemesis seems like a souped-up Toyota Tercel. Sure, it's a sleek looking, motor-revving Tercel, but the old Tercel was just as good and besides, it's still a Tercel! Give me something new with my extra money.<br />After all that, you'd expect me to give this movie a really low rating. Right? Ok, no fair...the rating is at the top of the review so you've already seen it. 4 stars? Really? Why? It's simple. I was entertained by Nemesis and I love these characters. Patrick Stewart is simply wonderful with the material he's given. Tom Hardy makes a pretty good adversary for him, and I didn't have much trouble feeling like this was a Picard who had a horrible upbringing and is ready to lash out at everybody. He has the same sense of drama as Picard can have at times. Brent Spiner folds himself in his Data persona but also does a wonderful job with the nave B4 (despite the fact that I don't think he was necessary). The other regulars don't get a lot of screen time, but they are also perfectly in character and bring a warm, cozy feeling to the whole thing (though I don't think Sirtis did the greatest job in the mind-rape scene).<br />The special effects and the battle choreography were probably the best I've seen in a Trek movie. Everything had a greenish tinge, which matches with the greenish look that the Romulans have. I thought that was a nice touch. The collision of starships was simply brilliant (it's a wonder what you can do with computers!). By battle choreography, I'm speaking of the starship battles. I couldn't believe it when they all actually moved in 3 dimensions. Other than Wrath of Khan (where they make special mention of it), no other Trek movie (and only an episode or two that I can think of) has actually had ships zooming in different directions, over and under ships, etc. Everything's always been in two dimensions, and it's been annoying. It was a wonder to see in this case.<br /><br />All in all, I found Nemesis to be an entertaining time-waster, even more so if you're already a Trek fan and have something invested in the characters. It felt nice to see old friends again. If I wasn't a Trek fan, this would probably be only 3 stars (or maybe even 2), but since I enjoyed it, I'll be generous.<br />David Roydon't get a lot of screen time, but they are also perfectly in character and bring a warm, cozy feeling to the whole thing (though I don't think Sirtis did the greatest job in the mind-rape scene). <br />The special effects and the battle choreography were probably the best I've seen in a Trek movie. Everything had a greenish tinge, which matches with the greenish look that the Romulans have. I thought that was a nice touch. The collision of starships was simply brilliant (it's a wonder what you can do with computers!). By battle choreography, I'm speaking of the starship battles. I couldn't believe it when they all actually moved in 3 dimensions. Other than Wrath of Khan (where they make special mention of it), no other Trek movie (and only an episode or two that I can think of) has actually had ships zooming in different directions, over and under ships, etc. Everything's always been in two dimensions, and it's been annoying. It was a wonder to see in this case. <BR> <br />All in all, I found Nemesis to be an entertaining time-waster, even more so if you're already a Trek fan and have something invested in the characters. It felt nice to see old friends again. If I wasn't a Trek fan, this would probably be only 3 stars (or maybe even 2), but since I enjoyed it, I'll be generous. <br />David Roy
0385486804|5.0|Chris McCandless was an idealistic young man who ventured out into the wilderness alone, made a few mistakes and died. This doesn't seem like much of a story but Krakauer does a wonderful job of reconstructing the last years of McCandless's life and give some insight into this man's motivations.<br />I personally don't think McCandless was a crazy loner or anything like that. He was a very idealistic man who saw the purity in nature and wanted to be a part of it. This certainly has some appeal to me. I found myself identifying with McCandless quite a bit. I've often felt the urge to split and wander about for a few months. He was quite personable with the people he met on his travels, and he touched the lives of several of the poeple he met.<br />It is tragic that he died, if he had only had a simple map of the area he would have survived his excursions and been able to return to his life. It seems like he was ready to re-enter the world when he died.<br />Krakauer tells the stories of other men who have been similarity affected by nature and have traveled into the wild never to return. Despite the tragic ending, I found the book inspiring and I do certainly admire Chris McCandless's courage for leaving behind everything and venturing out for what can only described and a personal adventure with an uncertain ending.<br />I'd highly recommend this book to anybody, my tiny piece of advice for anybody considering this sort of travel is to get a good map, good boots, a warm coat, and be prepared for anything
B000002NJS|5.0|I was only 9 years old in 1998 when ray of light was realeased. I remember dancing to a song i called The bird song because some of the electronic beats in the title track \\"ray of light\\" sounded like singing birds. I'm 15 now and am OBSESSED with madonna, having almost all her albums,  all due to this album. Heres my review<br />My personnal favorite track on this album has to be Ray of light. It was the first madonna song i ever remember hearing and will always have a special place in my heart. the song has amazing electronic beats and madonnas voice is SUPERB! it makes you wanna dance.<br />A few other tracks i like are. FROZEN, (one of the best on the cd with it's simple melodies and madonnas amazing vocals) DROWNED WORLD/SUBSTITUTE FOR LOVE (it's beat is so eerie and mysterious) LITTLE STAR (I used to hate this song but after 3 years i love it! it's like a mix of a ballad and a pop song!) <BR>MER GIRL (this song is about the death of Queen M's mother and the lyrics and music are easily one of the best on this album)<br />Overall this is a wonderful album. it is my fourth favorite madonna album. BUY THIS ALBUM you won't be dissapointed
B0000CFW87|5.0|I am a very, very mature woman who has despaired of ever again hearing a young REAL artist such as Josh Groban! 22 years old and unbelievable in range, control and depth of feeling. I am in very pleasant shock and have given his CD's to my favorite friends and family members.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|If you liked even one episode of Buffy or Angel you will like this show. Moreover, you may very well obsess over it until you find yourself spending hours searching online for any crumb of information about the possibility of a movie or a revival of the series.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I hated this movie so much I actually bought the company
B000127LW2|5.0|I don't care if the packaging is lousy and I willingly paid big money for the 15 episodes... just give me the rest of the seasons and hurry! Voyager got me through the last of the 90's and though it ended with a thud, looking at these first episodes again reminded me of the hope our nation had then.  In these post 911 times, it's good to be reminded of fairness, high ideals, the power of diplomacy and the rest of the Star Trek Guidelines to Civilized Living .<BR>The insert is promising the rest of the seasons this year? Hurry up!
B00013F38K|4.0|I always enjoyed this series when it was on tv.  I didnt care who played what and or why. I enjoy Carradine in this series. He plays a great part.  If you ever watched this series, you should pick up on the fact that it had great teaching in it. The series gave lessons on life. He never gave way to anger, but worked with it. He was always helping others to help themselves. He taught healing, self control, martial arts for the sake of themselves, not to hurt people. I also love the music.
B0001GF2DS|4.0|Sergio Leone was a director who made a difference in the cinema.  We can be grateful to him for giving us two special talents besides providing enjoyable entertainment.  He brought Clint Eastwood to the attention of the world after Hollywood dumped him from television.  And then he introduced us to Ennio Morricone and his splendid musical genius.  Take away either of these two from \\"A Fistful of Dollars\\", \\"For A Few Dollars More\\" and \\"The Good The Bad and The Ugly\\" and I doubt that anyone outside of Italy would have heard of Leone.<BR>Almost forty years later, I still hum \\"The Ecstacy of Gold\\" from the climactic cemetary scene in \\"G, B & U.\\"  In a conversation with Eli Wallach, I once asked him how he liked the music in those films.  He replied, \\"If I had heard that music while we were filming, I would have sat up straighter in the saddle.\\"<BR>Aside from those contributions, Leone also changed the way we look at the old west.  His weather worn sets, grubby villians (and hero for that matter) and the barren landscapes (even tho they were located in Spain) altered our image of the John Wayne myth forever.
B00009WKQD|4.0|The reason to own this album is the first song *Just For You*, one of the best English psychedelic songs to be found. <br />Written and sung by Traffic truant Dave Mason, it's an upbeat, mostly acoustic tune w/ tabla, flute and nicely echoed vocals by Mason, *Just for You* is a lost ethereal psyche-pop masterpiece. <br />*Shanghai Noodle Factory* is another must-hear, definitely one of  Steve Winwood's premier compositions. The instumental *Something Got Ahold of My Toe* is a rollicking, engaging guitar riff that grabs your attention and keeps it. *Withering Tree* is a lovely, mournful, again, mostly acoustic number. Rounding off this excellent quintet of songs is *Medicated Goo*. Funny, silly, whimsical, it can also be heard live on Traffic's 'Welcome to the Canteen' album. But THIS is the superior version - it's performed at a well-paced mid-tempo speed, whereas the 'Canteen' recording is performed at a faster pace, so you miss some of the words in the vocal. <br />In  it's  original  vinyl  release,  Side  A  was  studio,  Side  B,  live.  I  give  'Last  Exit'  4 stars  because  Side  A  is  a  MUST!!! Although I can do without the remaining pair of live songs, that doesn't mean they're completely dispensable. <br />*Feelin' Good* sounds poorly recorded - it's overwhelmed by the volume of Winwood's organ for the most part. But when he kicks in with his organ solo, my hairs stand on end. *Blind Man*, the final song, does little for me and is the album's low point. <br />Why *Just for You* never made it as a Traffic staple, I'll never understand. It's not on any Traffic compilation I've come across, so to hear it (which you should), you'll just have to pick up *Last Exit*. But don't worry - it offers more than enough wonderful music to make your purchase a worthy one.
B0001ADB8C|4.0|I love George. I am extremely happy to listen to all these songs, both familiar (&quot;Got My Mind Set On You&quot;, &quot;All Those Years Ago&quot;) and unfamiliar (&quot;Beautiful Girl&quot;, &quot;Life Itself&quot;, &quot;Your Love Is Forever&quot;). All these once rare treasures of material are excellent, although I do share the same complaints as the other reviewers (the &quot;Somewhere In England&quot; fiasco, &quot;The Hottest Gong In Town&quot;, exclusive &quot;Best Of Dark Horse&quot; tracks, Traveling Wilburys, etc.). The CDs don't even run 50 minutes apiece, but that's okay.<br />Now, on to the DVD. It's great to see the music videos, but where are the videos to &quot;All Those Years Ago&quot; and &quot;Blow Away&quot;? I saw little snippets of &quot;Blow Away&quot; at the end of the Dark Horse introduction, but they didn't include the video in its entirety. Inexcusable. This is the Achilles' heel of an otherwise perfect set, in my book.<br />If your able to excuse the blemishes of this set, then take the time to rediscover the musical journey that is the Dark Horse years.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|this boring movie deserved to be nominated for the worst picture of the year.
0452282152|4.0|...that you really believe thise eyes on the painting are Griet's eyes, that coy smile is Griet's smile, her shyness, her passion.<BR>First of all, I didn't really know about this book until I saw a movie advertisment, but when I saw that, I knew I HAD to read this. After fighting to find it for weeks, I got my hands on a copy and read it cover to cover in one day. It's an amazing book, is all I can say.<BR>Griet is a 16 year old girl sent into serving from her poor family. She finds herself at the household of the painter Vermeer, and she finds that she's cause of trouble for some reason. (The most trouble we've ever had with a maid, Martha Thins always said.) Griet is a tactful, seemingly shy girl with a quick mind and a quick tongue except around her master, the painter Vermeer. She reverts to the mindset of a shy girl when he sees her, and she never really feels comfortable around him due to her growing attraction to him. Though she denies it, people begin to see the way she looks at him, and it only causes more trouble...and I won't tell any more. ;)<BR>Pros: A beautifully woven storyline. It's very believable, and the characters are complex and well developed. <BR>Cons: The use of pronouns. Sometimes you can't tell who Griet is thinking about because she uses pronouns so much, but that's how humans think, so...<BR>Analysis: Oh, it's worth buying! Don't hesistate!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|No, really. You're not 'missing' anything. If anyone tells you that you 'just didn't get it', please punch them in the face, for me -- at least a dozen times.<br />Worst. Movie. I've. Ever. Seen. In. My. Life.<br />The rave reviews and press on this movie has me seriously considering suicide. Who wants to live in a world this phony? <br />Sophia Coppola has officially been added to my 'Stupid Bit***s To Slap' list.
B000063DHK|5.0|Much like AC/DC, Iron Maiden have always been a band who, when playing live, deliever an over-the top performance. From the adrenaline-pumping &quot;Aces High&quot;, to the mighty &quot;Trooper&quot;, to the powerful &quot;Phantom Of The Opera&quot;, this is an album that no Maiden fan should be without. Not one song here is disappointing, and sevral of them are brought to new life here. One of them, especially, &quot;Rime Of The Ancient Mariner&quot;. This song was unbelievably great before, but played live, it seems even better!<BR>Not only do you get great songs here, but you get three full music videos, and a small exceprt of one. (the videos: 2 Minutes To Midnight, Powerslave, Aces High, the excerpt: Revelations.)<BR>So, to sum up this album in one word, i'd have to say this: &quot;AWSOME!&quot; This is one that you'll be glad you purchased.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|The publicity for this film talked about &quot;uproarious laughter and comedy&quot; but my wife and I kept looking at each other and asking &quot;when the laughter and comedy part was coming&quot;. The movie was very slow paced, predictable, and boring. To those that would say, &quot;you just don't get it&quot;, my reply is &quot;there was nothing there to get&quot;.  Don't waste your time and money on this one.
0385504209|5.0|This book, was a terrific book. It left you in suspense to the end. The climax of the book keep increasing as you read.
B0000046ZJ|5.0|Check all of the other reviews for the technical talk of keeping time or the lack of a percussion session. Let me just add that many times during the album, I found my foot stomping to the beat. To me, that is the best litmus test out there!! The ballad medley can only be bettered by the swing of the blues numbers on this album. Truly an exceptional meeting of exceptional artists.
6305388458|5.0|...especially as the first in a double feature with The Last Temptation Of Christ. You'll see loved ones around you wonder what's so funny about the scene playing on Temptation, thus missing the satire of it shown in Life Of Brian.<br />If you have any liking of Monty Python and haven't seen it, get it and you'll thank the Python crew for making it for years!<br />Even if you don't like Python, the satire will make you laugh at the historical look at how things were &quot;then&quot;. It'll make you look at today's events with a more open mind.
B000063JDE|5.0|How many movies are you going to see that use a bird eating a bug as an illustration that a young man should be afraid of acting on sexual feelings, because those desires are seen as disdainful and shameful to a good-minded society? The bird appears to be a robin. The very type of bird used to analogize goodness and pure love in the movie. Classic. \\"Sometimes a wind blows and the mysteries of love come clear\\". Tweet, tweet. <br />For this movie we live inside a strange world. For Twin Peaks Fire Walk With Me we live inside a dream. For Mulholland Dr. we live inside one person's dream. I doubt that Lynch will be making any action/adventure or romantic comedies anytime soon.<br />A good boy's bad-boy libido fantasy compared against idealistic pure love, with 1950's America mentality. The movie deals mostly with a young man moralizing sexual desires. Contrasting, and in the end somewhat reconciling, moral extremes is a staple in Lynch movies. The evil side has some legitimate allurement, the viewer always gets a very generous taste of it. Also pervasive, always there lurking behind the doors. But ultimately however that side should be dismissed out of fear, fear of physical and emotional repercussions. And also dismissed out of love, respect of the morally acceptable. The larger point is probably that human beings are a mix of good and evil, or that human beings are indelibly flawed. Accentuating the good side more strongly might have made for more emotional buildup in Blue Velvet, as in Mulholland Dr. and Fire Walk With Me [the two grandiose behemoths]. Though those two have tragic endings that work better in contrasting dramatically against the good. Also in those two there is more focus on the female characters, characters easily perceived as more vulnerable, needing protection, especially after you have seen them naked numerous times [I know, sexist white male propaganda to keep the white female down]. In Blue Velvet, the \\"Why are there people like Frank...\\" and the \\"robins...love\\", \\"Mommy loves you\\", the caring family, the loving slow dance [creative audio, have to like the original music and the sound of a candle flame being blown out for example] are somewhat muted examples of moral conscientiousness. Somewhat muted, given you have people dancing on car tops, singing into shop lights, lewd mommy/daddy/baby Oedipal references, and toasts made to f...... [All very entertaining]. A \\"goodness\\" point will be made. And after you mull that for two seconds, there is a heap of weirdness, and that is followed by some more disorderedness. Always some consternation caused by seeing the evil in the world. Also troubling when one sees some of that evil in one's own thoughts. This recognition and repulsion however may qualify you as somewhat moral, having some goodness. This is seemingly the key moral point, as well as, implicitly, the message that morality has importance on a personal, individual basis. But that isn't quite it. Yes, the moral person, say a moral hormone-filled young man trying to reconcile his biology, has some significant awareness that there is some wrongness about himself (has at the least a keen knowledge that one's sexuality is socially problematic) and is cognizant that there is wrongness in the world around him. But to some degree that is done out of pragmatism, to save one's self in a larger society. Not really all that noble, perhaps only marginally moral. So the conclusion is more that people are perverts, including one's self. It's a strange world, isn't it?
B00005AXEL|5.0|Trouble In Shangri - La is the perfect title for such exotic song names within this album. The tropical paradise theme runs through each part of the album, from the lively and bright 'Sorcerer', powerful 'Planets Of The Universe' and exotic 'Bombay Sapphires'. There's also the standard mix of pop/ rock ballads, like 'Every Day' and 'I Miss You', which are slightly more bland, but still refreshing. Stevie's voice is a bit deeper than it used to be, which makes a few of the songs (particularly Every Day) sound a bit like a microwave singing, but still she manages to overcome this on most songs, and sound much more original than on the weak 'Street Angel' album. A particular highlight of the album is the mighty &quot;Fall From Grace', which is a fast pace rock tune, with amazing layers of guitar, and Stevie putting 200% energy into every note, especially the final line.  Sheryl Crow's voice is a great addition to songs like 'Sorcerer' and the old Buckingham Nicks tune &quot;Candlebright' , helping some of the higher notes to be stronger. The album ends on the gentle &quot;Love Is', with Sarah McLachlan playing and singing with Stevie, and this really is a great ending to a truly magnificent come - back album for Stevie Nicks, after a few slightly more disappointing efforts in the early 1990's. Definitely buy this album! It's well worth it!
B00005K3NR|3.0|OK- I'm not going to review all 200+ comments on this release (Special Edition DVD) to see if anyone else has noticed; however I saw no mention of the fact that the reframing on this edition is NOT what the cinematographer shot. Case in point- the shower scene: Carrie is now cropped at the waist- SURPRISE! Pubic hair gone! No offensive nudity here! (I own the VHS which shows the offending area.) When I buy a film I want to see what i remember from the theatrical release, not some committee-decreed morality censorship...
B00006JSS8|4.0|Great collection of all my favorite Stevie Wonder songs EXCEPT &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot;. Totally bummed out because I bought this cd without looking at the song titles on it (knowing I'd love it anyway) and upset that his most precious song ever was not included. So now I need to go buy another Stevie Wonder cd.
0385507755|5.0|A Million Little Pieces keeps you on the edge of your chair throughout most of the book, it is hard to put down and an excellent read. It ranks up there with the likes of Nightmares Echo (sad and courageous writing),Beauty For Ashes (written from a christian perspective) and Fractured Life (the hollywood tell it like it is).<BR>This is amazingly well done and highly recommended.
B000060MWU|4.0|I loved this film, even though i didnt have a clue what was going on for the most part. The story involves something about dual personality's or something. The lighting and camerawork is fantastic, Lynch can really create atmosphere.<BR>There are some great cameos in this film aswell. Mainly from Henry Rollins, Marilyn Manson and Richard Pryor, being big fans of all three I was elated to find out that they were in this film. <BR>The soundtrack is fantastic aswell. Rammstein's creepy music is used to maximum effect. It's pretty much a definitive industrial collection. <BR>If you havent seen this film and are on the look out for something original then i advise you to check this out. And if you find out what it was all about post it on this site because I would like to know.
630521610X|5.0|This movie has one of the best story lines ever for a horror movie. It also has one of the largest body counts for horror movies ever. It will keep you on your toes wondering what will happen next. Wes Craven wowed everyone with Nightmare on Elm Street and just proved he was a horror genius with this flick. I give it 2 thumbs up!!!
B00005Q4CS|5.0|The defintion of a good movie is this: a movie that makes you think and stays with you long after you watch it, begging you to watch it over and over again. &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; is one of those movies by a mile.<BR>When I first saw this movie in the winter of 2001, it literally knocked the wind out of me. I had seen many movies about this subject matter, but this one, and only this one, managed to knock you out, making you watch even though you wanted to turn away.<BR>What makes &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; a great movie exactly. Well, everything about it. From Aronofsky and Selby's script up, this movie is pretty close to flawless.<BR>The acting is indeed flawless. Ellen Burstyn should be suing the Academy for giving Julia Roverts her award. This is a performance that shoudl be studied, and is one of the best in the history of movies. Jared Leto, from here on out loses his &quot;poor man's Johnny Depp&quot; stigma with a great performance. Both Jennifer Connoly(the last few minutes of her story pretty much sucked away my will to live for a few hours after the movie) and Marlon Wayans(???) completement the leading cast perfectly in understated performnaces.<BR>Arnofsky uses all the tricks in his bag, and uses them well. This is sort of like an Mtv video from Hell: quick cuts, playing with slow-motion and artsy angles, but by the end, you see what it was all for.<BR>This movie is most certainly not a movie for everyone. If you thought &quot;Trainspotting&quot; was too disturbing to watch, for example, then you really should avoid this movie with all your life. But if your not weak of heart, then you should defintley seek out this voyage into a sort of Hell. You will not regret it.
B00018D44U|5.0|a dreamy, gorgeous auditory landscape that soothes the mind and nourishes the soul. I rode along with someone the other night after drinking and found that Norah had impressively captured great sounds from the universe.<br />Though she doesn't venture into the avant vocal territory of some of my favorite female vocalists (not that this genre would demand it) I had trouble pulling myself from her soulful, delicate voice and moody, heartfelt lyrics.<br />She proves that there is valid reason for why some of the top forty is definitely worth a listen. In fact, she is the only valid reason I see for even venturing into the top forty list!
6301640659|5.0|I really liked this movie.My brother has it on vhs. I have all of Al Pacino's DVD's and would like to own this movie as well. Please release this one on DVD-I do not buy VHS. As each movie comes out on DVD of Al's-I buy it. I wait until it comes out on DVD.Please release it!<br />Thanks. I am a big fan of AL PACINO!
B00003CXA2|1.0|Would someone please answer the question above? i had to eat a whole box of chocolates after watching this film to make myself feel better, but it only reminded me of the film. So did what i left in the toilet afterwards. If you havent seen this film count yourself lucky.<br />So if your family is looking to get out a film and want to get this, deny them. Get out blue velvet and watch them cry for all the right reasons, not tom hanks and his web of lies. Cos lets face it, it was pretty obvious that forest was drunk.
0808514121|5.0|These book is one of the greatest clasics you can come across. It is a serene insight in relationship on man-women and brotherhood issues. Though is not very crystal on answering the question why the main character is so sentimentaly naive and as such against all odds, but still the situation, the consequences of it are colorfuly depicted. It's a book how Good can survive against the Evil but still it gets the shorter end of it. There is no ideal or divine realization that good will win overall. Being truly and naivly good doesn't mean that you will be awerded for it and that a true love can win at the end. It can be farse to itself.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|I recently purchased this CD and I haven't been able to stop listening to its since. I enjoy every single song on the alblum but particularly like track #2,3,6,10. I would definetily reccomend this CD to anyone who likes music.  It reminds me of beetles beats with Jim Morrison singing. <br />Jason Blyth
0393038912|4.0|Diamond does an excellent job of identifying and analyzing some the forces that have shaped human development over the centuries. I found a number of new ideas in this book, for example: the notion that humans have modified plans through selective breeding to emphasize the characteristics we value most (e.g. almonds used to be poisonious, not anymore!) With regard to contemporary history (say, the last 500 years) it would be nice if Diamond spent some time discussing the cultural factors and how they interplay with the other two factors (biology and physical resources). Definitely recommended if you'd like to hear some interesting ideas about how we got where we are today.
0151003084|5.0|This is for anyone with that sense of humor that most people just don't seem to get. A genuis dark twist on teaching the ABC's... very delightful.<BR>~CS112_tih2
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I played this CD before seeing the show. I felt it wasn't a strong standalone score. I liked 3-4 songs, but that's all. Then I saw the show. WOW WOW WOW! I felt this was the best musical I had seen in a long time. It had the grandeur of Phantom with the heart of West Side Story. The CD now has exponentially more meaning and power - with so much nuance in the lyrics and expression of every character told through song. (Especially Fyero's lyrics in &quot;Dancing Through Life&quot; and Glinda's bittersweet ambiguous feeling of glee in &quot;Thank Goodness&quot;.) <br />Idina Menzel's and Kristin's voice and performance are currently unmatched in today's Broadway. True the score leans toward the Pop arena, but so did Rent and that was spectacular. I even am reading the novel on which the musical is based, and I want to just see the musical again. I am amazed at the changes the musical made (for the extreme better.) The musical does a fantastic job of fusing the elements of the book that not only work better on stage, but more intelligently complement the orginal Wizard of OZ story and 1939 film.  <br />I sure hope this work receives the Tony this year. For those of you who buy this CD, don't dismiss it too quickly - for after you actually see Wicked  (I read it will tour in 2005) you won't be able to live without the soundtrack.
0385504209|5.0|I've heard so much about this book that I borrowed a friend's copy and read it over vacation.  I've never been so engrossed in a book before -- and finished it in a day and a half!  I've read some debates about accuracy of Brown's information, but if you just run with the idea, and if you're into the idea of conspiracy theories (and c'mon, if anyone has some secrets stashed away somewhere, it's the catholic church!) you will LOVE this book.  It takes a good chunk of factual information and spins a fictional story around it.... the enticing part is that there's just enough real information in the book to make you want to start your own quest for the holy grail.  This is a definite must-read.
B000084T18|5.0|When 50 Cent finally signed with Shady/Aftermath, his career went through the roof. And ever since this album came out, it's been nothing but 50 mania. But you know something, he deserves all the hype. This album was much better than expected, you'd think that he'll spend all of his time dissing Ja Rule, but he only kills him in one song, &quot;Back Down.&quot; Plus, it was about time that someone put Ja Rule back in his place (&quot;I'm back in the game shorty to rule and conquer/You sing for h--- and sound like the cookie monster&quot;). Instead of wasting his time with Ja, 50 spends more time explaining you about all the things that he went through on songs like &quot;Many Men&quot; and &quot;U Not like me&quot;. And he also lets you know who he is on songs like &quot;In Da Club&quot; and &quot;What Up Gangsta&quot;. The best thing about this album is that he keeps it to himself, unlike other first time artists, he doesn't have too many guest appearances except for maybe three songs. Also, 50 shows that he can be lyrical when he wants to be, which is surprising when you first hear songs like &quot;Wanksta&quot; and &quot;21 Questions&quot;. When you listen to songs like &quot;High all the time&quot;, &quot;Gotta Make it to Heaven&quot; and &quot;Many Men&quot; 50 Cent proves that he really has some skills on the mic, and when he raps you can tell that he's hungry. (&quot;Now who you know besides me can write lines and squezze 9's and have h--- in the hood sniffing on white lines&quot; from &quot;High All The Time&quot;). Plus, he has some very good choruses for all of his songs. The production for this album is also amazing. Like always, the cuts from Dr.Dre are amazing and Eminem's beat and verse for &quot;Patiently Waiting is excellent. There is nothing fake about 50, he's real ,unlike so many, and if you didn't appreciate this album, maybe you should listen to it more closely or just stick on listening to fake hip-hop. &quot;Get Rich or Die Tryin'&quot; is notonly a true slogan, but an excellent first album from 50 Cent. Let's just hope he keeps on making good and real music on his second album.
B000089RVR|4.0|I absolutely love this CD! I liked Dido's first album, &quot;No Angel,&quot; but this one is even better and is even more addictive. Her songs, &quot;White Flag&quot; and &quot;Don't Leave Home&quot; are great but all of her songs are good because they are all unique and different enough from one another. Her soothing voice makes all her songs peaceful and calming while incorporating melancholy undertones at the same time. This is definitely a CD worth buying!
B0000AR8NK|5.0|I just had the pleasure of discovering Bowie a couple of months ago, and i bought this cd two weeks ago and haven't stoped listening to it since.  This is some of the most interesting and just plain weird music i've ever heard.  New Killer Star Pablo Picasso, Never Get Old, She'll Drive The Big Car, and Fall Dog Bombs the Moon are the stars of this show, and quite a show it is.  Reality is in the vein of Heathen, so if you liked that one, then you should definitely give Reality a chance.
B000088E6D|1.0|Seriously, if want to hear songs in the same arrangements as Frank, Dean and Sammy did, then I'd buy a Frank, Dean or Sammy CD.  If I wanted to hear Kissing A Fool the way George Michael did it with George Michael's arrangements, then I'm gonna listen to my George Michael CD.  Fever was done the same way Peggy Lee did it, only it's a guy's voice.  True talent in artistry lies in one's OWN interpretation of a song, not how good he can copy the great ones of the past.  I'd recommend Peter Cincotti instead.
B00005JMNA|5.0|This was one of the best movies I have ever seen! The plot- a little predictable, but all of the characters and actors are great. The best part of the whole movie was definitly the DIRTY DANCING!!!! Not to mention Diego Luna! You need to see this movie!
076790592X|4.0|It is sad to watch someone die. It is very painful to focus on the loss of a loved one. Morrie's 'lessons' teach the reader to focus on life and love in relationships NOW.  <BR>Morrie does not pretend to have risen above pain; he insists on living, even if his body is losing its functions one by one.   The author does not minimize the graphic deterioration of his mentor's body; neither does he  shun being involved in the physical care required by Morrie. He does not run from the room because of the bad smells or from seeing the horror of a disease taking over the physical body. <BR>In order to do this I believe that the author had to love enough to see his teacher's soul beyond the physical representation and be vulnerable enough to connect with the unspoken need to touch and be touched. <BR>The small book is very easy to read quickly but I took time between chapters to think about what I had read. <BR>I would have liked more depth from Albom on how his own life changed as a result of these lessons.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|Before I watched Lost in Translation, I was very excited to see it. I have been a fan of Bill Murray for as long as I can remember and the film was receiving a lot of praise from the critics. I set out to watch a film that was original and inventive. Instead, I got to sit through 2 hours of a boring and extremely overrated film. Sofia Coppola did write an excellent script. The idea behind the film has a lot of potential, and the entire film was shot in Tokyo which added realism to the film. But, the story just seemed to never go anywhere and after the film ends, you don't feel any closer to the characters than you did at the start of the film.<br />I simply do not understand why Bill Murray is being nominated for Best Actor for his performance in Lost in Translation. Before watching this film, I was excited to see his performance because all the critics were saying that only Bill Murray could have pulled off a role like this. I was expecting to have a lot of laughs and to be impressed with the performance overal. Bill Murray's role consisted of two things. The first was sitting around in bars getting drunk and talking with Scarlett Johansson. The second is singing karaoke. These are two things that any actor could have done. There was absolutely nothing special about his performance at all.<br />Unfortunately, Lost in Translation is the type of film that you either really enjoy, or you really hate. There really isn't any enjoyable middle ground in this film. I personally think the film is extremely overrated. Watching Bill Murray get drunk and sing karaoke does not equal an enjoyable film for me.  Now, fans of the film may not appreciate my honesty. However, with over 700 reviews and only a 3 star rating overall, I am not the only one who feels this way. Soffia Coppola may have set out with good intentions. However, good intentions mean nothing without the follow through.
B00005JLPK|5.0|There isn't a slow moment in this film, or a bad moment for that matter.  The cast, camera, and script are just superb throughout.  Every frame has the brilliant color and composition of a painting.<br />Of course the real Frida was not nearly as gorgeous and appealing as Salma Hayek makes her out to be, but the spirit of the artist is faithfully rendered: this was one beautifully ballsy woman who lived life by her own rules and heart, who gave all the oppressive and conformist social/gender conventions of her society a big bold middle finger, who lived as she painted: passionately, torturously, and triumphantly.  (The last adjective is a historical embellishment, however---the real Frida did not die a happy person.)<br />All in all it's a brilliant and fascinating film, worth repeated viewings, every scene and character perfectly fleshed out.  Not your typical artist-bio film like &quot;La Belle Noiseux&quot; but more like the equally gorgeous &quot;Basquiat&quot;---it's a celebration of a life lived as art, and the art in life.
B0001ENY6M|4.0|I liked this music much better the first time I heard it in &quot;Glory.&quot; The Passion is perhaps the most powerful movie ever made, and during the crucifixion scene I really didn't want to be sitting there thinking, &quot;Haven't I heard this before?...oh...right...Glory.&quot; I'm not sure why the focus is on the rip-off of Peter Gabriel's work, which is only more a sonic reference of middle eastern/Armenian music, instead of the blatant melodic rip from a contemporary film.<br />Other than lifting 8 bars straight from James Horner, Debney did a fine job, giving appropriate and moving music in each scene. Gibson would've done better to go with Horner again, who is notorious for ripping himself off (compare Glory and Braveheart). At least that way the inclusion of Glory's main theme in The Passion would've been a little more acceptable.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I saw this film in the theatres and was amazing at the writing. When I first watched the film it appeared that there was not much of a story, yet when I thought back later I realized that I was wrong.  For example Tokyo is the seen but not heard \\"third\\" character. What I mean by that is Tokyo is scene as being huge and you have Bill Murray who is seen as being along. Tokyo gives the appearance of isolation. Which fuels the idea of communication. Bill Murray's character is lost in not only his own world but also where he currently is. We are giving the idea that his marriage is falling apart and is in a place that is nothing like home. These two things combined created loneliness.  The same for Scarlett Johansson being in a place where she does not fit in and a husband who is talking a past her these two people were made to find one another and connect if only for a short time.<br />This is the best roll that Bill Murray has done since \\"Rushmore.\\" The same can be said for Scarlett Johansson since \\"Ghost World\\" and \\"The Man Who Wasn't There\\".  As far as comparing \\"Lost in Translation\\" to the \\"Virgin Suicides\\" it is hard to do because they are two different films and it is hard to say how they are alike.  The one thing I can say is that the two films has a simplified story. The images, music and silence all set the tone of the film and helped move it forward. This is compared to have the story, dialogue, and music move the movie, and tell us how are to feel. I tend to like the first way better because for one it breaks away from the \\"standard boring American\\" flicks. <br />This film is truly an art house film. Because the expectations. Most American's need instant gratification of story, plot and character and have everything spelled out, and spoon-feed to get anything out of the movie. For those of us who do not these things it is a great movie. When you take \\"Lost in Translation\\" for what it is; a story about two people who are lost in their own worlds and seeking aconnection.  It's reasons like this that makes this movie work.<br />For those who say you have to watch it a few times I agree with it. Though I got the film on the first try. For those who are going to hit me in the face a few times go ahead, you might beat some of the ugly out of me and improve my looks so thanks for offering.  They only argument to be made to my latter statement is that some movies are better watched in the theater than at home.
0553801546|5.0|The entire Fool trilogy was a wonderful redemption to the unfinished ending of the Assassin trilogy, and this third book is the best one yet.  With a &quot;happy&quot; enough ending and enough loose endings tied up to satisfy many readers, as well as a deeper, unexplored tragedy reminiscent of 'Ariel' this is a must read.  I am eagerly awaiting the sequel to this stunning series.
0385504209|5.0|C'mon, folks, let's relax...this is one terrific book, not great, but excellent. As a devout Christian, I almost failed to read it, having heard weird things: heretical, sacrilegious, etc. Guys, it's just a NOVEL, wonderfully detailed and meticulously researched, but just a NOVEL. I would not put it in a class with the greatest suspense-thrillers such as LeCarre's Spy Who Came in from the Cold and George Smiley books, or Forsythe's Day of the Jackal, but pretty close.<br />And anyone who's worried about DaVinci portaying the figure we usually believe to be John,&quot;the beloved apostle&quot; as a woman, evidently it never bothered the pope at the time or the Catholic Church all these years, and it is, of course, a painting, not a photograph. Relax.  Like most readers, I researched some of the societies, etc. in DaVinci, and discovered some to be real, others not, and others still in question.<br />Reading ANGELS AND DEMONs later, no one can fail to see a formula: start with a gruesome torture-murder. (Maybe to be sure he's got your attention and to warn off those who are just not into torture and murder.) The female interest is the granddaughter or adopted daughter of the first victim, and the main assassin is really weird, if not a giant albino monk, then an equally unusual character, I forget exactly what.  I happened to misplace ANGELS when about two-thirds finished and didn't really worry about it; by that time it was very predictable, especially as far as the least likely person being the villain.  I did find it again a few weeks later, kept on reading it and have to say there were some exciting parts toward the end.  Again, relax, enjoy, lighten up.
6305508550|4.0|The movie is absolutely essential for anyone who has ever had a crappy job.  This is one of the most brilliantly constructed films I've ever seen, and will make you laugh out loud.<br />The DVD is a bit disappointing though, as there is like nothing else on it.  A special edition with commentary, outtakes etc. would be really nice.
B0000033OZ|5.0|This is such an awesome CD.  So much creativity !  I'm glad other reviewers mention Tank, I think it's one of the most amazing works on the album.  The Barbarian is also fabulous and particularly intriguing if you are already familiar with Bartok's Allegro Barbaro.  The 2nd movement of The Three Fates is absolutely gorgeous.  I can hardly believe these guys were so young when they created this music.  Prodigies, all three.
B00008PX8P|5.0|SOOO AMAZING... you have to buy it, its insane, Jimmy Page is a GOD
B00012FXB8|4.0|&quot;Alien 3&quot; has always been given the harshest treatment of any of the Alien films. Having to follow up Ridley Scott's suspense masterpiece and Jim Cameron's action-adventure juggernaut of a sequel is no easy task. I have always looked at David Fincher's third entry as sort of a misunderstood child in the Alien franchise. Perhaps going from the thrill-a-minute gun-blazing epic that was &quot;Aliens&quot; to a sort of a dark and gloomy European-style &quot;cat and mouse&quot; film was too much of a sour note for most of the fans and critics to handle. From the hectic details of the production to the less-than-stellar way in which the film was received, many saw &quot;Alien 3&quot; as being a mediocre final nail in the coffin of the Alien series. I have always had a special place in my heart for this film and now with its latest DVD release, it is finally getting the treatment that I feel it honestly deserves.<br />With this latest edition of &quot;Alien 3&quot; on DVD as part of the &quot;Alien Quadrilogy&quot; boxed set, you not only get the controversial 1991 theatrical version but a never-before-seen &quot;alternate version&quot; of the film that includes over 30 minutes of new footage. Included in this new version are several new sequences including an alternate opening sequence and several lost &quot;character moments&quot;. In this version, the alien is born through a dead bull, instead of a dog. We also get more of an insight into Charles Dutton's Dillion as his role as a sort of religous leader is defined a lot deeper. There is also a number of sequences showing what happened to Paul McGann's &quot;Golic&quot; that were omitted from the original version. The &quot;alternate ending&quot; isn't very different from the original one but there are a few subtle changes. For the record, this is not a &quot;director's cut&quot; as David Fincher had nothing to do with this DVD release at all.<br />&quot;Alien 3&quot; is in my opinion, a lot better film that it ever gets credit for. Charles Dutton's perfomance alone is better than anything seen in the terrible &quot;Alien: Resurrection&quot;. Elliot Goldenthal's musical score is absolutely brilliant and is not mentioned nearly enough when people talk about this movie. In my opinion, the music may have been one of the things that I enjoyed the most about the movie. The lack of firepower has always been something that the die-hard fans have always complained about but I never saw it as a problem. Maybe today's audiences just aren't into the whole idea of trying to outsmart the creature in a tunnel maze rather than just blowing it up with a grenade launcher. &quot;Alien 3&quot; also displayed a far better use of performances. I was a big fan of the character interactions between both Ripley and Clemens as well as Ripley and Dillion. From an acting perspective, Weaver is given a lot more to do, this time around. Not that her performance in the other two films was ever bad but she really takes over here. I have always felt that this was a good way to end the series but Fox's decision to release a fourth film in 1997 shows that perhaps, many people didn't agree. This one is superior to &quot;Resurrection&quot; on every level.<br />This DVD is packed with bonus features including a full-length commentary for both versions of the film with numerous members of the cast &amp; crew. As previously stated, director David Fincher is noticeably absent. We also get a whole bunch of featurettes that cover nearly every aspect of the film's production. These do a great deal to show the frustration that the crew had to deal with when working on this film. It also shows all of the different concepts for the script and overall design of the film that were abandoned. For any of the fans who truly enjoyed &quot;Alien 3&quot;, this is certainly a definitive collector's item.it ever gets credit for. Charles Dutton's perfomance alone is better than anything seen in the terrible &quot;Alien: Resurrection&quot;. Elliot Goldenthal's musical score is absolutely brilliant and is not mentioned nearly enough when people talk about this movie. In my opinion, the music may have been one of the things that I enjoyed the most about the movie. The lack of firepower has always been something that the die-hard fans have always complained about but I never saw it as a problem. Maybe today's audiences just aren't into the whole idea of trying to outsmart the creature in a tunnel maze rather than just blowing it up with a grenade launcher. &quot;Alien 3&quot; also displayed a far better use of performances. I was a big fan of the character interactions between both Ripley and Clemens as well as Ripley and Dillion. From an acting perspective, Weaver is given a lot more to do, this time around. Not that her performance in the other two films was ever bad but she really takes over here. I have always felt that this was a good way to end the series but Fox's decision to release a fourth film in 1997 shows that perhaps, many people didn't agree. This one is superior to &quot;Resurrection&quot; on every level.<br />This DVD is packed with bonus features including a full-length commentary for both versions of the film with numerous members of the cast &amp; crew. As previously stated, director David Fincher is noticeably absent. We also get a whole bunch of featurettes that cover nearly every aspect of the film's production. These do a great deal to show the frustration that the crew had to deal with when working on this film. It also shows all of the different concepts for the script and overall design of the film that were abandoned. For any of the fans who truly enjoyed &quot;Alien 3&quot;, this is certainly a definitive collector's item.
B0001611DI|1.0|Not scary, not thrilling. Two hours of slow, blue grey faced, wide eyed Pittsburgh locals wearing bellbottoms. No zombies in the first five minutes. Just talking. When the zombies show up it's a disappointment. No explanation. Hell nevermind how they entered the mall. The music doesn't fit the scenes and might be taken from other B movies. Romero leaves bad cuts and countless continuity errors all over the place. Two SWATS running around a mall like clowns sealing off doors then deciding to shop. Soap opera middle filler story. One nice arm bite in the first ten minutes. Two bites in the middle. Four or five bites to different guys in the last ten. Hardly a cannibal movie. Scene of limb eating in first 15 mins and last 10 mins. Gaylen Ross shows her breasts once (laying in bed). No sex. There are numerous blasts to the head but the effects look like the old sewing button pull trick not a devastating skull/brains splatter type of blast. Very weak and overrated waste of time. See one of the more recent zombie movies or the 80s zombie stuff (ReAnimator, Return of the Dead, Day of the Dead, etc) instead. And also avoid the remake cuz those guys know even less about zombie movie making.
B00006879E|4.0|Seems as if Maroon 5 just appeared out of no where. Literally. This band is the best of the best...from Harder to Breathe to Sweetest Goodbye, Maroon 5 gives an awesome effort in their latest album. I'm def. satisfied. They vibe together well and mix funk, hip/hop and alt. rock all in one. If you are versitile with your music you'll def. want to pick up Maroon 5. For a great band, that can both give meaninful lyrics as well as great beats, Maroon 5 is one of the best, if not the best.
B0001AP12G|5.0|this is the best cd i have ever listened to. I bought it 3 weeks ago and i still havent taken it out of my cd player. I listen to all of the songs over and over again because they never get old. My favorites are Spaceship, New Workout Plan, Slow Jamz, Through the Wire, Family Business. Only problem is that it has to many skits. Other than that, this is by far the best cd ever made! I reccommend this to every one!!!!!
B00012FXAE|5.0|James Cameron's epic follow-up to Ridley Scott's &quot;Alien&quot; is regarded as one of the few sequels that can actually hold its own with the original. As part of the &quot;Alien Quadrilogy&quot; boxed set, this two-disc special edition release features the original released version of the film on a DVD format for the first time. You'll also get the longer 1991 special edition of the movie (the unofficial &quot;Director's Cut&quot;) on the same disc. This is the DVD that the fans have been waiting for.<br />&quot;Aliens&quot; finds Sigourney Weaver's Ripley waking up from her hyper-sleep in space to discover that she has been gone for 57 years. When she discovers that the planet which the Nostromo crew discovered the original Alien on is now being colonized, she tries to warn them against it. When a rescue mission is eventually organized with a team of macho space marines, Ripley is sent in as an &quot;advisor&quot;. Following their landing on the planet, the marines are ambushed and the survivors discover that they are being set-up by a government goon with an agenda. What follows is an explosion-filled roller coaster ride with more thrills than most of today's so-called &quot;blockbuster&quot; films.<br />The longer &quot;Special Edition&quot; version of the film adds many character moments including Ripley's discovery of what happened to her daughter, Hudson's macho &quot;ultimate bad-ass&quot; speech, and a scene where Ripley and Hicks exchange first names. Obviously if you are a huge fan of the movie, you'll probably prefer this version. The audio commentary brings a lot of insight into the film as everyone from director Cameron to special FX wizard Stan Winston contribute their memories. Sigourney Weaver is noticeably absent but the entertaining members of the ensemble cast including Michael Biehn, Bill Paxton, and Lance Henriksen make up for it with some hilarious stories and fond memories from the set. If the commentary wasn't enough, there's a whole bunch of featurettes that cover just about every detail from pre-production to the public's enitial response to the film's release.<br />&quot;Aliens&quot; was one of my favorite films for a long time. I was always a fan of the new characters, especially Michael Biehn's Corporal Hicks and Bill Paxton's cocky but sometimes cowardly Hudson. While I am far from one of the bigger Jim Cameron fans, I give him a great deal of credit for molding such an epic science fiction masterpiece. The movie has survived the test of time very well though Cameron will be the first to complain about the picture's grainy feeling. Even if you are not a die-hard fan of &quot;Aliens&quot;, if there ever was a reason to own it on DVD, this is it.nch of featurettes that cover just about every detail from pre-production to the public's enitial response to the film's release. <br />&quot;Aliens&quot; was one of my favorite films for a long time. I was always a fan of the new characters, especially Michael Biehn's Corporal Hicks and Bill Paxton's cocky but sometimes cowardly Hudson. While I am far from one of the bigger Jim Cameron fans, I give him a great deal of credit for molding such an epic science fiction masterpiece. The movie has survived the test of time very well though Cameron will be the first to complain about the picture's grainy feeling. Even if you are not a die-hard fan of &quot;Aliens&quot;, if there ever was a reason to own it on DVD, this is it.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I was so happy to see this film get best screenplay Oscar. So sad to see some people, accusing it of being racist. Some people, especially in America, are just too politically correct to be real. For those who have eyes to see &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; pokes gentle and loving fun at almost EVERY person in it. Even Bill Murray is not a perfect hero. <br />It is a beautiful film. It is so still and subtle it could have even been made by a Japanese. Look at Ozu and Mizoguchi's films if you want to know why. People who think nothing happened here had better not look at films by many Japanese masters.<br />I read once, if you are bored it is because you are boring. Because you can't see what beauty there is to see. A lot is happening in this film but it is subtle. And that seems too difficult for some people to see.  <br />There is value in seeing ourselves as others see us. There is also value in looking beyond the surface. Of people and of films. If you can understand that you will know why so many love this one.
B00000JCY0|5.0|I remember vividly the first time I heard this album, I was living in Madrid at the time, sometime around 1974. I was an impressionable young teenager and this was a &quot;new&quot; rock band. A friend of mine had just bought the vinyl album, great cover I thought, but can they play? First song he plays on the stereo was &quot;Set me Free&quot;, from then on, I was hooked like I just couldn't put it down. I never bought the album cause after a couple months moved to the states and SWEET just wasn't known here. Later on Ballroom Blitz came out and I liked the song a lot, but liked Restless (B-side) a lot better. I searched and searched for the Sweet FA album till I gave up and had Looooong forgotten, many many years have passed since I last heard SWEET, till I came across the album here at cdnow. I immediately bought it and it is as fresh and furious as it was 30 years ago. What a pleasure to own this CD, took me back to that first day I heard it and it is now one of my favorite CD's of all time. &quot;Set me Free&quot; &quot;heartbreak today&quot; &quot;No you don't&quot; &quot;Sweet F.A., my favorite one &quot;Restless&quot;, &quot;Into the Night&quot;, just great fun rock.  And the bonus tracks, I don't recall hearing those before, but they just ROCK!  The only ohter songs I remember hearing from SWEET here in the states are Ballroom Blitz, Fox on the run and another favorite of mine &quot;Love is like Oxygen&quot;, but them bonus songs are way cool, I should probably start researching their albums again now that is widely available and simple in the internet.<br />Great CD for fanatics of hard rock, especially those interested in bands that help redefine and shape it in its early stages.
B000001DWG|3.0|Being the hopeless Pearl Jam/Green River/80's and 90's Seattle scene fanatic that I am,I have tried to like Mother Love Bone more, but I just can't. They were good, at times excellent (especially in the ballad department), but I have always felt something lacking in their sound and their approach to rock music in general.<br />Stardog Champion is great album, don't get me wrong, and I have grown to appreciate MLB the more I listen to them, but that is mostly due to Stone and Jeff's incomparable teamwork. That great collaboration of course started way back with Green River and has been perfected over and over again in Pearl Jam's almost 13 year history. And it shines through brilliantly in just about every track on this CD too, especially the opener &quot;Welcome to Shangrila&quot;, the title track, &quot;Thru Fade Away&quot;, and the wonderful &quot;Capricorn Sister&quot;.<br />I think my main problem is that Andy Wood gets in the way. He was a great frontman, but his vocals just try too hard on most of these songs. Andy always sounded more like a cross between Robert Plant and Axl Rose. MLB started out roughly the same time as GNR did (down the coast in LA), so maybe that comparison is unwarranted. Again, it just seems that he tries too hard to be funky, swaggering, and soulful. At the end of most of these songs, he comes through as rather insincere, as though he's posturing for posturing's sake.<br />&quot;Crown of Thorns&quot; of course is brilliant and is easily (along with &quot;Chloe Dancer&quot;) the pinnacle of the whole CD. It showcases Andy's real genius as a songwriter, which was express himself so purely in his own words. Even Ed Vedder, I think, could learn from Wood's legacy of unselfconscious lyrical catharthis in that regard. <br />MLB was original. They brought the anthemic arena rock of the 70's into the new millenium (a decade early I might add) by twisting it unto itself like a double helix, adding lots of funk, a tinge of distortion guitar, andeven R&amp;B. <br />I really give this disk 3 and 3/4 stars. Get this CD if you're interested in charting the careers of Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament. Get it if you love the Seattle rock scene in general (not just &quot;grunge&quot;) or just want to hear some distinctive, inventive, and grunge-free rock.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|For 20 years we lived without rock and roll.  sure we had rock, and rock is good, but we did not have true rock and roll.  I thought that the rock spirit had died with zeppelin.  Since ACDC, we have had no new true rock and roll band.  Until now.  Every song Jet has written has shown the rock spirit missing for 20 years.  Steal from the old bands?  I think not!  Did zeppelin steal from the stones?  Did we all steal from the first musician?  Jet is entirely unique, it just simply uses the missing genre of rock and roll.  In conclusion, Jet rock, and are about to rock with their next album, I'm sure, and we salute them.
B00005JLR6|5.0|In America is a very moving and touching story about an Irish family that moves to New York after their only son dies. The movie tells the story of how they struggle in their new home, while another baby is on the way.<br />Wonderful acting performances by everyone in the cast - especially the two young girls playing the daughters.<br />This movie makes you realize how difficult it must be to move to a new country to start a new life with two small children.
B000002C1W|1.0|The original band was Roger Waters, Nick Mason and Rick Wright. Then Syd came. That was when the name Pink Floyd was taken in use. Afterwards Dave Gilmour came. Then the main writer (thou Rick also wrote) Roger Waters left (1983, officially -85). Momentary Lapse of Reason (1987) is written by Gilmour and some unknown dudes. Pure Pink Floyd CD?<br />  As to talk about Pink Floyd's greatest times, I think the band was on their best around Dark Side of the Moon- years when all band members were in making of the music (composing, bringin ideas). After Dark Side, Roger slightly became the person who made almoust all of the songs and ideas (Animals and so on till -83). That's part of the reason why Rog' left. But that's when Pink Floyd was on their best, Roger has made really good music from -73, and will keep doing. So now Pink Floyd is David, Richard and Nick.<br />  Like I said, Momentary Lapse of Reason is written by David Gilmour and some other people. Nick Mason and Rick Wright ONLY PLAY on the CD, and their part on the CD is clearly being dimished. The music include a couple nice sections, but mainly the music is poor whithin melodies and it repeats itself too much. The tunes are actually quite pop-stylish, and unlike in Waters's songs, there isn't a lot of melodies and variations, the lack of changing melodies has been replased with technical tricks. There's much, much, too much! Dave Gilmour's guitar solos. I mean he can make good solos, but in this album, there's too much tricks and all those electric effects, music should be more real, you aren't listening techno, aren't you?<br />  And lyrics. I don't think all have to say about them. They are the weakest part of the album. This album maybe beholds some of the worst Pink Floyd lyrics of all times. New machine parts 1&amp;2 really suck.<br />  I say you should by Roger Waters's Pros and Cons of Hitch-Hiking. It's much better, even though you might not realize it straight away.<br />  Momentary Lapse of Reason is made just to take money from Pink Floyd fans. And it isn't really a real Pink Floyd album.e just to take money from Pink Floyd fans. And it isn't really a real Pink Floyd album.
0805062971|4.0|Mischief<BR>Mayhem<BR>Soap<br />The tagline of the movie pretty much says it all. Fight Club came alone at the perfect time for me. I was cursed with a very picky taste for literature, and Fight club fit my Palette almost perfectly. Among the themes of Fight Club my favorite I think is the loss of signifigance among the Blue-Collar American male. My Father was one and several important men in my life are, so that aspect of the book spoke to me personally more than any other. &quot;We have no great War.&quot; tyler Says. &quot;No great depression.<BR>&quot;Our great War is a spiritual War, our great depression, is our lives.&quot; <br />    If you take the plunge into this book, do so with an open mind. Its funny, Its Dark, its Crazy, but unless you read it with an open mind, you will get nothing out of it. I end this review with a quote.<BR>  <BR>        &quot;I want you to hit me as hard as you can.&quot;
0743455967|2.0|On Writing by Stephen King starts out as a slight autobiography but then slowly leads up to all the details about writing and becoming a writer. He goes into detail about childhood instances, plagiarizing as a kid, going to high school, getting in trouble with the school newspaper, working terrible jobs while trying to make it as a writer, marrying his wife, having children, and finally becoming a successful fiction writer. All the while, he shows how certain things in his lifetime have helped him to become the writer he is today. On Writing can be seen as two books in one. He, at first, writes about himself, and then writes on the basics of writing. He slowly, but surely eases from one to the other with grace. He sets the reader up for a quick, fast-paced lesson on the basics of writing and how to become a writer, not a great writer, or a good writer, but just a writer. If a person wanted to know strictly how to write and what Stephen King had to say about writing they could pretty much skip the entire first half of the book without missing much. The first half is for those who have the extra time and want to read about things that went on in Stephen King's life that influenced his writing and wanting to be a writer. The second half is written in a clever manner that makes it easier to actually learn about writing rather than get bored with it and throw the book out the window (which is something I felt like doing many a time because I don't find books on writing interesting, but that's just me) King's use of crude language and funny stories helps to keep the reader involved and awake. The language kept the book real and made it believable that it was from him, about his actual life and wasn't written by another person, in a nice, nobody will be offended way.<br />I overall didn't enjoy the book. The first half of it was quite entertaining I will admit. Reading about experiences of a person's childhood is always entertaining. But once King got into the fundamentalsof writing, it started to dull out. I never found books on writing to be that particularly interesting, so this was no exception. The basics of writing don't throw me into frenzy. So I wouldn't recommend this book to a person who wants to read a random book by Stephen King. I would recommend this book to a person who is trying to learn the basics of writing though. This book is definitely a must for a person wanting to become a writer or at least add to their writing. Stephen King hasn't written just a step-by-step handout for people to become bored with. He goes into detail about parts of writing: narration, description, and dialogue. He sights what makes a writer. He makes it clear that it is impossible for a bad writer to become a good one, and that it is also impossible for a good writer to become a great writer. But he states that a mediocre writer can become a good one with the right discipline and the will power. If you want to become a writer, and want to do what it takes to become a writer, than you will succeed. In order to be a writer, King states that you must read a lot, and write a lot. Whenever you get the chance, read. Whether it is at home in your free time, or in a line at the grocery store, or at the gym while you're on the treadmill, you should read. Reading, he believes, is one of the best things a person can do. The more you read, the more you know; and you know what they say, knowledge is power! Stephen King gives it to the reader straight; he gives his opinion and fact, which is the best combination for a book. The second half on writing is split up into sections that makes it even easier to follow and continue with. The book really works as a learning tool for the reader and isn't tedious and boring. For any aspiring writer, this is a must for their collection. The greatness in Stephen King's horror and mystery books has crossed over into an articulate and humorous book on helping the average man or woman to become the best writer they can.
0375703764|3.0|You've probably already read the summary of this.  There's a book written by a guy called Zampano (which, in some language, probably translates to Abdul Alhazred), that's found by a guy called Johnny Truant (whose main purpose is to pop up every now and again to say \\"Hey, look at me!  Still nuts over here!\\").  And the whole thing is written by Mark Danielewski, who I always imagined sitting next to me, elbowing me in the ribs every time I passed over one of his jokes, just to make sure I realize how clever he is.  \\"Taggert Chiclitz\\".  Yeah.  I get it, Mark.<br />Well, you know what they say.  If you come right out and TELL people who you're stealing from, you can call it an \\"homage\\".<br />That being said, I DID find the Navidson Record pretty compelling.  But Johnny Truant was just annoying.  So the whole effect was sort of like watching an episode of Mystery Science Theater.  Only Mike and the bots weren't very funny.  And they were making fun of a pretty good movie.<br />Or, maybe it was more like watching a movie like Halloween with some guy who kept pausing it every five minutes to ask if I was getting scared yet.  And thanks to his constant interruptions, I never did.<br />In any case, I'm just not sure what's supposed to be so new about this book.  I mean, I've seen footnotes in novels before, and I'd bet Danielewski has too.  Or am I to believe the head-in-the-microwave joke is just a coincidence?<br />Or maybe he thinks the oddly-oriented text will shock me to such an extent that I succumb to the vapors, and the mesmerist/phrenologist I keep on retainer will have to be summoned to my chambers to administer the smelling salts.  <br />Seriously, Mark.  This is 2004.<br />And, yes, there are hidden codes and things in it.  But since the novel itself is so lackluster, looking for them is about as interesting as trying to find all the secret levels in a really crappy video game.<br />But, here's the thing.  Being able to hide things in a story doesn't make you agenius.  Go ahead and try it yourself.  It's not hard.  The hard part is convincing people that it's worth the trouble to DEcode it.  It didn't exactly pull that off for me, but maybe it will for you.<br />And as far as the labyrinth itself goes, well, some stories don't really NEED re-telling, do they?  Usually, when people use ancient myths in modern settings, it just feels ham-handed, like they're afraid maybe you didn't get it the first time and they're trying to pound the meaning into you, come what may.  If I wanted that, I have the version with David Bowie and all the puppets on DVD.<br />Still, I didn't hate it, like some people seem to.  It IS the guy's first novel, after all.  I'm willing to give him another chance.  And who knows?  Maybe someday I'll get sick or something and looking for all the little jokes and puzzles will keep me busy for awhile.  It beats crossword puzzles.
B00005QW5X|5.0|let me tell u what. this is the rocky horror picture show on acid. in other words its sweet like no other. watch the movie. in fact buy it. after the first few times watching it u be singing along because the music rock in the movie too.
B000002I2I|5.0|Morrison Hotel is a vast improvement over all of their previous albums except possibly their debut. It spawned no big hits for the band and the only two that are good by themselves are &quot;Roadhouse Blues&quot; which is a classic rock staple and a great hard rocking song and &quot;Peace Frog.&quot; The rest are good, but are better if the album is listened to from start to finish; at least until &quot;Indian Summer.&quot; &quot;Roadhouse Blues,&quot; &quot;Waiting for the Sun,&quot; &quot;You Make Me Real,&quot; &quot;Peace Frog,&quot; &quot;Blue Sunday,&quot; &quot;Ship of Fools,&quot; &quot;Land Ho!&quot; &quot;The Spy,&quot; and &quot;Queen of the Highway,&quot; would have made the perfect album. Unfortunately, they also included &quot;Indian Summer&quot; and &quot;Maggie M'Gill&quot; which are not filler songs; they just aren't that good. Even though it is just one CD, it is presented as a double album: 1-6 Hard Rock Cafe, 7-11 Morrison Hotel. Hard Rock Cafe is only a little bit of hard rock, it is more like the high powered blues of Cream and the Yardbirds, while Morrison Hotel is slower and keyboard driven. Some may argue that this is even better than L.A. Woman. This is true, it just was not as groundbreaking as their first or last albums.
0743455967|4.0|From the very beginning of the memoir the reader feels as though King is talking directly to them.  When King begins to discuss his childhood and adult life he shares with the audience his past experiences with poison ivy, his babysitter, his teachers, the year he was always sick, supporting his family and his addictions to alcohol and cocaine.  All of which in some way inspired him to write. As King talks about each of these memories it enables the reader to reminisce about past experiences that are similar to his.  As his life story unfolds King talks about a writing job he was given in high school and an interesting message his editor told him.  The message was to write with the door closed and rewrite with the door open.  Which is a method King uses to this day.  Soon King is married and has children and his battling his addictions with alcohol and cocaine.  While King was battling his addiction he wrote three novels that symbolize his addictions; Misery, The Tommyknockers, and The Shining.  He also says that there is one book which he barely remembers writing, Cujo.  King battled his addictions for six years.  At the end of his short but honest autobiography King shows how his life experiences helped him evolve as a writer. <BR>In the second part of the memoir King begins to discuss the lessons of writing.  In this part King becomes the teacher and the reader becomes the student.  King's first lesson about writing is how one approaches it.  He says that writing can be approached in many different ways and with many different emotions, such as nervousness or excitement.  Bottom line, whatever the emotion is, it is reflected in the writing.  Then King teaches one of his most valuable lessons; the writing toolbox.  He says that every writer should have a toolbox just like every carpenter has a toolbox.  On the first shelf of the toolbox should be vocabulary and grammar and on the second shelf should be well- organized paragraphs.  In the end, King explains good writing is about letting go of fear and affection.  Throughout the remaining of the memoir King explains how to build strong characters, theme, the organization of a paragraph and plot, which King happens to distrust.  One of the most valuable lessons that King teaches in his memoir is that a writer isn't made but a writer can only be created through life experiences and hard work.  <BR>Overall On Writing-A Memoir of the Craft is definitely a book everyone should read.  Throughout the books entirety King keeps the reader sitting at the edge of their chairs with his humor and brutal honesty.  But through his humor and honesty King is still able to entertain and inspire anyone who reads his memoir.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Not much to really say on it other than My God....what a good film. Too bad Bill Murray didn't get Best Actor.
B00005YW4H|5.0|Too many people attempt to classify Norah. The consensus is she is jazz but her newest album will mess all that consesus up!<br />  She is quite remarkable and I would doubt that there is anybody who truly sits down to listen to her music who does not enjoy it after giving it one or two tries.<br />  You can give Norah as a gift to anyone, it's the perfect evergreen gift any time of the year for anybody. Her music doesn't offend, it only entertains but in that Norah-way she does.
0385043805|5.0|I first read this about ten years ago when I was in high school and have since read it at least three more times.  It continues to keep me interested (rarely do I read books more than once).  I am a reader and could read just about anything I get my hands upon, but I think even a moderate reader would really enjoy this.  The book is suspenseful and riveting, but also has romance for you romance readers.  This is one of the few books that I have read that totally surprised me.  Usually I can predict the outcome or come pretty close to figuring out how a story will end, but the first time I read this I was completely wrong (and happily so) about how it would end.  Wonderful read!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Fabulous DVD release.  The special features have expanded scenes and out-takes.  Great extra footage of Bill Murray on the Japanese T.V. show wrestling an eel.  &quot;Big Surprise&quot;.  Worth the price of admission right there.  <br />Sophia Coppola does a great job of walking the fine line between humor and being objectionable or offensive.  An easy line to cross when having fun and not making fun of another culture.  Putting aside the dreamy Wong Kar Wai influenced story line, the movie does a remarkable job of capturing the mood of a city.  No small task when you're talking about Tokyo.  This provides a great back drop that allows her characters to step away from their lives for a brief moment.  <br />Lost in Translation had the same affect on me as Tokyo had on the characters in the movie.  A brief dreamy reprieve to a beautiful, eclectic city.  All this and no jet-lag!
0465068359|1.0|I was so disappointed in this book that I did not even finish it.  (I have moved on to a far superior book, Rick Atkinson's &quot;An Army at Dawn.&quot;  I highly recommend that book, by the way).  I found this book to be really lacking in detail and in background facts.  There was little more than a cursory effort to explain why this event happened.  A detailed analysis of the Japanese military   itself and its background would have been enlightening and interesting, for example.  Instead, this book seemed to be little more than a series of short horrific stories about what the military did in Nanking.  In addition, I question the historical accuracy of a lot of what is in the book.  Many, if not most, of the stories were unattributed and came across as hearsay or as probably apocryphal to me.  Please don't get me wrong, I am not questioning that it happened.  I am questioning the accuracy of a lot of the stories and the facts the book provided.  The book also came across to me as overly opinionated and excessively driven by the author's agenda.  <br />I also did not like the structure of the book.  It is written in several sections that purport to present the entire story anew from different points of view.  But to me, it just made the book redundant and served to emphasize its lack of detail within each section.<br />In short, if you are looking for a detailed, historically accurate account of the Rape of Nanking that tries to do anything more than recount a bunch of sad stories, this is not the book for you.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|... when so much of today's music is orchestrated to shock, sell, titilate, enthrall, or sell beer and/or or football. This is music for grown-ups, to be sure, or at least it's for people insterested in a counterpoint to everything Britney. I like this album more the more I listen to it; it's densely layered with room to contemplate. People who complain about AFTERGLOW not being like FUMBLING or making other subjective comparisons just don't get it--there is a voice and an artist out there worth listening to, and it's not about being just like FUMBLING or SURFACING or whatever your favorite spin might be. It's lucious, gorgeous, atypical; even pain, embarassment, and frustration sound beautiful on this record, which is an effect that most of the teensex music crowd couldn't even conceieve of let alone accomplish. IMHO, I'm happy to let the teenage shock mongers shake their boobs all the way to soft porn; I could care less as long as we can still get music like Sara's, whose most haunting, moving, sensuous moments are aimed at what exists between the listener's ears rather than that which exists (without effort or contemplation) between Average Joe's lower limbs. Think about it this way: if you can't support an album like this, you're likely to end up with a sea of everything easy to find---sexed-up Mousketeers, boy bands, and American Idol up the wazoo. If that's really what you want, you wouldn't really be reading this review anyway, would you?
B000063UR2|5.0|I think my affection for this film exists in part because it is one of the few movies my father and I agreed upon instinctively, so different were our viewing &quot;tastes&quot; when he was still alive. He was raised on Tolkien and Anderson, and passed that love unto me. I was privileged to watch this film in the Spring of 1986 at the Oriental theatre in Bensonhurst. It's a &quot;big screen&quot; movie, though I love it as much on a tv set for the stunning visuals and demonic look of Tim Curry. All those years ago, I didn't know it was him until I watched the credits roll! I am proud that this was rereleased, but you have to take it in its context: yes, special effects were not up to 2004 standards, but does this lessen the impact? Absolutely not. Tangerine Dream's musical influences were all over the place, and sadly, they don't quite &quot;fit&quot; the scenes as well as they should. The goblins, unicorns, and dreamy atmosphere creates a world unto itself. Good and evil are a classic battle, and this is one little gem of a film (though it was thought of as a clunker at the time) restored lovingly and with the right edits and soundtrack thanks to the technology of DVD. I remember whooping with joy when I found Jerry Goldsmith's soundtrack (by many considered the &quot;real&quot; soundtrack&quot;) in a record store about 8 years ago. This is the music that's supposed to accompany this story, but was cut by studio tinkering. (It is also interesting to note that one of the producers who fiddled with Legend later green-lighted that horrible stinker &quot;Howard the Duck&quot;! Does this guy still have a job in Hollywood? I shudder to think.) Tom Cruise--though not my favorite actor--is quite loveable and woodsy as Jack. Mia Sara has perhaps the most perfect look for Lili, a princess, and the cast of extras makes this seem like a book sprung to life onscreen. Quotable quotes from Darkness himself such as &quot;The dreams of youth are the regrets of maturity&quot; provide some real substance into the psyche of possibly the purest vision of what Satan/Evil might look like. If you like fantasy, please don't get stuck in the Lord of the Rings blind worship. Yes, Peter Jackson crafted 3 marvels of storytelling, but it was movies such as &quot;Legend&quot; (which did NOT come from a published novel) that paved the way for the fantasy genre to truly shine. This film is but one piece in a big puzzle for those of us who wish to see faeries when we stroll into the woods and thank Father Frost when it snows.e some real substance into the psyche of possibly the purest vision of what Satan/Evil might look like. If you like fantasy, please don't get stuck in the Lord of the Rings blind worship. Yes, Peter Jackson crafted 3 marvels of storytelling, but it was movies such as &quot;Legend&quot; (which did NOT come from a published novel) that paved the way for the fantasy genre to truly shine. This film is but one piece in a big puzzle for those of us who wish to see faeries when we stroll into the woods and thank Father Frost when it snows.
B00008PW2D|1.0|Eight measley episodes. Almost no special features. <br />When SJP got pregnant, HBO gave us 8 episodes, took a break, then gave us &quot;bonus&quot; episodes a few months later. I guess the bonus ones got stuck with season 6, because they're missing.
B00003CX95|5.0|I think this is a great movie...I remember watching it when it was released in 1995, but I didn't remember much of the movie (being so young). Anyway, I watched it again and it took me by storm. This movie shows the emotion and heart of a man in such a short time. <BR>You'll learn to love and hate characters and also end up in tears...this is the only movie that made me actually tear up...very sad heh. However, this movie (in a way) gives you hope and helps you stand up against your demons...Great acting, story, characters and direction! Gibson did a good job.
B00018D44U|5.0|If you like Norah you will love her latest release.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|While I did enjoy this movie, and especially Bill Murray's performance as a world-weary movie star who has gone to Japan to make a whiskey commercial, I felt as if I was watching a &quot;Seinfeld&quot; episode.  The movie was a group of different scenes, with not much holding it together.  However, I think that it's worth watching, for Bill Murray's acting and Scarlett Johansson's role as a lost wife, trying to adjust in a different land.
0156027321|4.0|My favorite review thus far is from Colin McLaughlin, on Feb. 24: &quot;The book is not well written and the writing is weak in places.&quot;  Enlightening in its redunancy, isn't it?  <br />This is quite a good book, and a very quick read.  It is fun and creative; as with most books, you shouldn't go into it looking for far-reaching philosophical queries.  However, it is amazing how many of the &quot;negative&quot; reviewers here missed the point entirely.  One such &quot;reviewer&quot; saw no relevance to the alternate story presented at the end.  <br />Get the book and enjoy it.  It will probably not make you change your position on God as promised in the beginning, but it certainly is one of the more original and imaginative efforts in contemporary fiction (yes, even though he strung together some elements of other stories... this is how fiction evolves).  <br />Take these reviewers with a grain of salt.  Their own reviews betray them.
B00009NOF4|5.0|This album is one of my top favorites produced in 2003. It's a devouring compilation of songs. I've heard many negative reviews, I've also heard suggestions that they're selfish/ self-indulgent for heading in the direction they're going, shouldn't they do what's natural for them. If you're looking for typical, bland guitar and rock sounds, head to your local record store and pick up a copy of Nickleback's latest -- but if you're looking for something a wee more challenging I suggest you check this out. <br />If you don't like it, it's too bad.<BR>If you did enjoy it, I'm glad... simple, huh?
B0001CCXY8|1.0|Is how Cannibal Corpse are still huge after fifteen years of churning out what sound like the same song over and over and over (repeat to fade). I'm surprised they were even popular in the first place. STAY AWAY!!
B00005JMEW|5.0|It's been my experience that one either delights in Tarantino's films, or they do not.  But those opinions tend to go to the extreme.  Perhaps Tarantino's \\"not-so-mainstream\\" approach gives his movies their unique appeal.  After all, it *is* human nature to be curious about that which is different.<br />And different \\"Kill Bill Vol. 1\\" is.  It's the little curiosities and snippets of quick wit that give this movie it's surreal humor (yes, humor).  And anime lovers will appreciate the history of Oren-Ishii, a mini-revenge plot in of itself.  Being a martial arts/fitness enthusiast, I was originally attracted to this movie because of its action and super-human Matrix-esque fight scenes.  I was somewhat disappointed as to the over-obviously fake scenes where limbs were severed.  However, this may have been intentional - a homage to the marital-arts movies of the past.<br />Overall, I personally enjoyed the movie.  And yes, I'll be in theaters when Vol. II arrives.  However, if you are looking for stunning visual effects involving computer-generated graphics, then my recommendation would be to stick with Keanu Reeves and Lawrence Fishburne.
0743455967|4.0|When you say the name  Stephen King, you tend to get mixed responses. Some people<BR>cringe, some utter words of disgust, hey, even some smile. Either way, most people have strong<BR>opinions of the well-known writer. Myself, being a long-time King fan, love the guy. Many hours<BR>of my life have been spent in long car rides, waiting rooms, and (dare I say), classroom lectures<BR>immersed in a King book. And upon being such an avid fan, I of course asked myself  \\"what's<BR>His secret?\\"  In his book, On Writing, I didn't really know what to expect. Would he finally<BR>reveal the secret to his success? Tell us about the land of best seller ideas? Some secret careful<BR>diet of cigarettes and booze that leads to million-dollar deals with publishing companies? Quite<BR>on the contrary, King makes himself out to be an average guy with a quirky sense of humor and<BR>an uncanny ability to connect with people through stories. And in this case , through his sharing<BR>of his past, and sharing every thing he knows about \\"the craft\\" of writing. King answers almost<BR>every possible question you could ask about him and writing. He artfully combines<BR>autobiography, instruction, life experience and into a jolly little book.<BR> King begins this tromp into nonfiction with what he does best, story telling. In the section<BR>titled, C.V., it is much like an autobiography where he describes his life through specific events.<BR>\\"[He] lived an odd herkey-jerky childhood,\\" and reflections of it are \\" a fogged-out landscape<BR>from which occasional memories appear like isolated trees(17).\\"  But that fact seems to have<BR>little or no effect on the picture he surly meant to give his audience. One thing that a reader will<BR>notice about King's narrative is his handle on voice. He really welcomes you into his memories,<BR>as the scenes play out like home movies. It is as if he is sitting right next to you pointing out all<BR>his favorite parts. He also has an amazing way of connecting the memories with  funny little<BR>quips and jokes throughout the text. It really makes you forget that you are reading and not just<BR>having an intimate conversation with Mr. King himself.<BR> King doesn't really start to get into writing specifics until about one-third into the book.<BR>Here he offers explicit insight into how he writes and instruction and suggestions on how you<BR>can too. There, in his usual stylistic manner,  he begins with one big long extended metaphor.<BR>Before you begin writing, King demands that you must be prepared.  For this he suggests you use<BR>a literal \\"tool box\\" In which you must have all the fundamentals because \\"if you don't, you're<BR>apt to find something you didn't expect and get discouraged(114).\\" King does put quite a bit of<BR>effort in explaining his pet peeves about grammar and how their use will not only kill your work<BR>but it will be a long, fiery, painful death. He makes sure that you will never forget that, \\"The<BR>adverb is not your friend.(208)\\" <BR> King may not win an award for best motivational speaker (he stresses that no good writer<BR>can be made into a great writer, and no bad writer can be made into a good writer. But, alas,<BR>there is hope. A competent writer can be made into a good writer.), but he does have a way of<BR>making you want to write without giving you a false sense that reading his book will allow you<BR>too to sell millions of copies on just you first try. This is not a text book, and King does not<BR>pretend that what he says is fact. This goes along with the fact that it is in good part a memoir<BR>(hense the title) and King is just revealing what fifty-some-odd-years has allowed him to learn.<BR>  After he was hit by a car in 1999, King found himself confined to a wheelchair and the<BR>pain of pins in his healing legs could only be calmed by huge doses of pain killers. He describes<BR>in painful detail how in conjunction with his wife's support he managed to get back to writing.<BR>Wherehe sat through the pain in order to finish the book I was enjoying. It doesn't take a<BR>life-threatening accident to inspire the writing of a good book, but maybe the  whole `life<BR>flashing before your eyes' incident  made this one just that much more insightful. He came to the<BR>conclusion that writing is about \\"getting happy(270).\\" And though he commented that \\"perhaps<BR>too much [of the book] has been about how [he] learned to do it(270),\\" he never fails to believe<BR>that if you write to that same end, your result could be even more rewarding.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Britney proves she is queen with her funkiest offering yet.<BR>showdown and early mornin' are highlights. britney is the classiest of all popstars
B00001R3GF|5.0|After the mixed response to \\"Black And Blue\\" and \\"Love You Live\\" breaking their streak of 5 consecutive number one albums (it reached a respectable # 5), The Rolling Stones were being swept of the top of the charts by the likes of Abba, Donna Summer, The Bee Gees, The Sex Pistols, The Clash, Andy Gibb, and Patti Smith, to name a few. Thes pioneers of disco and punk showed The Rolling Stones that they had to keep up with the times if they wanted to remain. The result of this attempt, an album that became their 6th number one album of the 1970s' and their seventh number one album overall (they scored 2 more in 1980 and 1981).<br />\\"Some Girls\\" kicks off with the disco - blues thump of \\"Miss You\\". With this song (which became their final # 1 hit in the summer of 1978), they practically make disco their own by putting their sound to it. \\"When The Whip Comes Down\\" is a hot and heavy rocker which explores the homosexual underground clubs in the mid to late 1970s'. \\"Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me)\\" is a harder - edged take on the 1971 Temptations classic. It is not as good as the original, but it works. Next comes the libidinous title track, a harmonica - drenched blues with derogatory and misogynist comments toward women of all race and skin color (the line about black girls caused quite a stir upon its release). \\"Lies\\" is another punk rocker, complete with screeching vocals and screaming guitars. While they somewhat made disco their own, they never quite conquered punk. \\"When The Whip Comes Down\\" came close, but \\"Lies\\" falls short of the mark. It's still a good song, though. \\"Faraway Eyes\\" is a country ballad filled with nice harmonies, and the lyrics have wit and humor. \\"Respectable\\" features a Chuck Berry - like guitar riff played over a punk backdrop, and in a way it's Mick's kissoff to Bianca. It is a really good song. \\"Beast Of Burden\\" was the album's other big hit, peaking at # 4. While \\"Respectable\\" was Mick's harsh goodbye to Bianca, \\"Beast Of Burden\\"was Keith's tender plea to Anita Pallenberg, begging her to stay. Faturing a sensuous guitar solo and a tough but passionate Mick vocal, this song is deserving of classic status. Next comes Keith's solo number, \\"Before They Make Me Run\\". It features him in rough voice amidst rocking guitars and documents his infamous drug busts throughout the 1970s'. \\"Shattered\\" closes the album, an explicit insult to New York and its people. More descriptive lyrically than \\"When The Whip Comes Down\\", it closes with a loud cymbal crash.<br />After \\"Some Girls\\", the band released \\"Emotional Rescue\\" n 1980 and \\"Tattoo You\\" in 1981. While both albums reached # 1, it was clear that neither was their best work. So \\"Some Girls\\" is really the last truly great Stones album. It still remains one of the best rock albums of the 1970s', and one of the greatest ever.
0060392886|5.0|This no-holds barred book has EVERYTHING regarding the history of Motley Crue; the music, the makeup, the girls, the violence, the drugs, and all else you could possibly desire.  Anything you want to know straight from the mouths of Nikki, Tommy, Vince, and Mick...it's all inside of here.  After reading this book you will feel like you know each member of Motley Crue personally.  Though certain situations these guys were involved in as they tell in the book made me look at them as scum at times, when the book wrapped up, I realized each one of these guys are human.  They've done some fxcked up shxt but unlike most groups have the balls to tell about it, and I respect that.  I just hope they can put away their problems and do their long awaited 2005 reunion tour!
0385512104|5.0|This is a purely enjoyable novel, filled with lovely wording and a delicious plot that keeps you going page by page. autism hee is treated with dignity and great tenderness, as are the foibles of men, women, children, the elderly, and everybody.<br />Watch out for this author's forthcoming works. i really, really enjoyed this simple, slim novel, and I look forward to his next one.
B00005JMJ4|3.0|This highly acclaimed film was eagerly anticipated by the sophmoric directorial debut of Sophia Copella. With &quot;Lost In Translation&quot; the sights and sounds of Tokyo, Japan, are incredible, along with a stunningly beautiful actress, Scarlett Johansen (Charlotte), and a quirky actor, Bill Murray (Bob). This light-hearted comedy of a wayward man lost in the midst of a bustling metropolis--and the Japanese language--along with the bored wife of a photographer, makes for a humdrum movie. The actual movie takes a backseat to the special features on the DVD. The film's crew encountered adversity head-on overcoming incredible odds: With an impending Japanese typhoon, dealing with horrendous pedestrian/vehicular traffic, and the city's language barriers, they accomplished a great deal during the filming of the movie in spite of the extraordinary circumstances beyond their control. <br />Happenstance was abound in this film in which an older man and a young woman meet at the Park Hyatt Hotel, in a nice restaurant overlooking the city, surrounded by the incredible ambiance of friendly people, classical music, lights, lights, and more lights. <BR>I was very disappointed that Bob and Charlotte's relationship didn't evolve like I'd hoped. There was more talk and less action between the two. I'm wondering why they didn't shack-up at the hotel? Anyhow, I didn't think this was Bill Murray's best work as he purported it as being. You'll have to see it yourself to figure out if it's worth the ***3-Stars*** I'm giving it.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|The only complaint I have about this album is that it makes all of my other albums suck!  This album blows my mind man.  I used to hate DT(just see my review of &quot;Six Degrees...&quot;) mostly because I thought they sounded MUCH MUCH MUCH too much like Rush to be considered &quot;Dark Progressive&quot;.  This album, however, lives up to its' genre.  Alot of DT fans would say that &quot;this album is lame&quot;, blah blah blah blah blah.  Then another thing, just because sometimes it has fast lyrics does not by far mean that it should be considered 'rap'.  Is flight of the bumblebee considered speed metal?  There's one point in the album for like, 15 seconds during &quot;Honor Thy Father&quot; where he sounds like the guy from suicidal tendencies when he tries to rap.  I think that's the only thing vocally that i can do better than James LaBrie though.  The entire album is great, not an album you buy for a couple of songs.  It's no secret why John Petrucci was voted one of the best metal guitarists of the year by Guitar World magazine.  He cranks out some incredibly fast solos on this album, but the difference between him and alot of fast guitarists is that he is very musical during them.  Jordan Ruddess is great, he makes some very interesting contributions to this album.  Portnay, Labrie...I could rant all day on how killer and essential this album is to any true metalheads' record collection, but I have a social life.
0553801546|3.0|I loved the original Farseer Trilogy - pithy, intense fantasy. The tormented, loyal, talented Fitz was a great character. The trilogy's end too was reminiscent of life in all its bittersweet disappointment.<br />But Fool's Fate has not, I feel, lived up to the promise of what the author is capable of. The narrative was predictable and almost tedious as the author attempted to tie up the loose ends of ALL her trilogies set in this world. <br />But worst of all was the grand finale. I agree with other reviewers who were truly disappointed at how the Tawny Man trilogy ended. Perhaps the best way to characterize it would be: scarred and powerful hero abandons exciting, meaningful life for bucolic pleasures of suburbia. <br />Not being a fan of the suburban lifestyle, it just didn't work for me.
B000089RVX|1.0|Thanks to Clear Channel, &quot;Back To Life&quot; is aired on the radio at least 3 times per hour.<br />I'm sick of it! Please just go away.
B00005V9HA|5.0|What can be said about Re-Animator that has not been said already? I remember seeing this as a kid of about 10, back in 1988 and it really put the hook in me. It's one of those rare horror films that creates a really cool atmosphere and manages to run with it.<br />The story, for anyone who dosen't know, or can't figure it out based on the title and the films cover, is based on the creation of a serum that brings the dead back to life, hence the films title. The problem is that once bought back to life, the dead are absolutely crazy, and this is based on the dosage of the serum that is given to them. The film follows the exploits of Herbert West and his unwitting partner in crime, Dan Cain, as they try to perfect the Re-Animation process, causing the deaths of several others along the way.<br />By todays standards some of the horror effects are pretty campy, but that is a really small criticism, as the peformances by the main cast (in particular Jeffery Combs as the titular Herbert West)make up for any aging in this department.<br />The Melinium Edition of this DVD is packed with every feature that a fan of this film could want. Interviews with key members of the production crew, which unlike many such features on other DVD's actually provide insights into the process undertaken to make and market this film. There are also two very good audio commentaries on the first disc, promotional materials (5 amusing TV spots and a theatrical trailer)a stills gallery (roughly 50 pictures)and Cast and Crew biographies and filmographies. The 16 extended scenes are interesting, but in most cases it is easy to see why certain material was either cut, or re-shot in an edited format. The deletted scene is interesting but dosen't seem to gel with the finished film.<br />In short, I recommend buying the Melinium Edition of this film if you were ever a fan of Re-Animator, or consider yourself to be a fan of the horror genre. You will not be dissapointed by this package. Elie Entertainment has done a wonderful job with this film and it is a classic example of how great films should be given treatment on DVD.inment has done a wonderful job with this film and it is a classic example of how great films should be given treatment on DVD.
B00009UW0N|5.0|If you've never seen this movie, join the rest of the world and go rent it.  That is, unless you're overly jumpy.  'Halloween' is a truely terrifying work of cinema and definitely Carpenter's best work.  This film practically revived the horror genre after hibernating for over a decade.  The story tells of an escape psycopath (Michael Myers) who returns to his hometown to do what he does best.  Completely devoid of any human sentiment, his only modivation is to stalk and kill.  Myers' horrific nature is magnified by his ghost-white mask and almost inhuman motions.  Sound campy?  On the contrary, the characters are very relatable and the plot more believable that most horror flicks.  Plus the combination of music, lighting, and camera angles made this the scariest movie since 'The Exorcist' and sent John Carpenter and then newcomer Jamie Lee Curtis into stardom.  Carpenter's score is so erie that your already scared by the end of the opening credits and the pacing is just right to keep you tense.  Simply put, 'Halloween' is a brutal assault on your nerves an is not to be missed whether you're a horror meister or not.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|Eventhough I havent seen the movie, after listening to the CD about 10 times, it grows on you and now I cant wait for the movie to come to this side of the globe. Was a little \\"unusual\\" at first but after a while, one begins to visualize the Passion in greater detail. The trailer soundtrack is not on this CD. Its on another CD by Peter Gabriel Long Walk Home- \\"Rabbit Proof Fence\\" Track 10;Gracies Recapture. Good thing its seperate thouge; dont want the name of the \\"composer of the Last temptation of Christ\\" to sully the beautiful and TRUE masterpiece of the PURE passion. btw the track 10 on the \\"Rabbit CD\\" is the only good track. It must have been \\"sanctified\\" by the REAL Passion movie. All the other tracks are noisy. Have a Holy Lent and God Bless.
B00005JMFR|1.0|The first Matrix movie should have been the only one to be made. Reloaded was were it started to turn into total and utter space trash. And I can only sum up Revolutions in two words \\" hot garbage \\" !!!!!!! I was looking for the total annihilation of the machine world and the end of the Matrix as well. Instead I got a ending that just wreaks of a fourth Matrix. The main character's acting didn't make this film any better either!!! I am so happy I went to see this trash at the matinee price. If I could give this movie a negative rating I would. Seeing as its not deserving of even a star!!!
B00005OM4Q|5.0|...i must confess to being a more than casual fan of this motion picture...i recieved this edition as a christmas present this past year and i find myself watching it at least once a week...the additional footage really makes this edition a must own...it brings you into the world of william miller more intensely and the inclusion of a cd with the 6 stillwater songs is the icing on the cake...special features?--the commentary track is a riot with the director trading stories with his mother make this movie a joy to watch throughout...this is the definitive version of the film...lots of fun...lots of interesting bonus material(including several articles/interviews from the pages of rolling stone magazine's archives)...this version leaves nothing to be discovered...it's all here for your viewing pleasure...AN ABSOLUTE MUST BUY/HAVE/OWN!!!!!
B000085RTZ|5.0|A very beautiful CD.  It is a great example of good metal mixed in with a powerful story (based on &quot;Faust&quot;).  The story isn't completed on this particular disc (the band is already making a follow-up to be released (hopefully) sometime this year), yet it has this odd way of being a cliffhanger without actually leaving the audience in too much suspense.  As others have mentioned, Kamelot already proved themselves with albums such as &quot;The Fourth Legacy&quot; and &quot;Karma&quot; and now they return with this wonderful collection.  Plus, with guest appearances by Luca Turilli (Rhapsody; he plays the opening guitar solo for &quot;Descent of the Archangel&quot;) and Gunter Werno (Vanden Plas), this is a CD metal fans shouldn't pass up.  It's an album with a rare quality: it never gets old.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|This was honestly one of the most shallow and souless movies I have ever seen.  It seems to me that a lot of critics and people I generally respect have been tricked by Sophia Coppola and her hack job of an art film.  The lack of a screenplay is exactly why we get so many shots of bored rich people staring out of windows.  Most people complain that they didn't like this movie because it was boring and nothing really happened.  I don't mind slow movies as long as there are characters I care about and little moments that can move me or make me think, this film had none of those.  I just can't symphatize with such shallow and selfish characters.  American Splendor communicated all of the emotions Sofia Coppola was trying to get across in a way that was actually funny and actually moving too, if you disliked this movie like I did check that one out.  This is by far the most overrated movie of the year and hopefully by the time Sophia Coppola puts out another film people will realize that she's been skating by on films that are all style and no substance.  I've seen 8 1/2 too Sophia, the fact that you put it on the tv in Tokyo just seems like some desperate play for credibility with &quot;serious film fans,&quot; but apparently it worked.  The ONLY reason I'm giving this movie 2 stars is because of the city of Tokyo, it is the true star of the movie and the only thing that makes it worth watching.
B0001AP12G|4.0|Why so many skits and intro's would have been a classic with one or two more songs minus the skits and intro's.Though the intro's flow within the songs meaning's they are still annoying. Best songs Get Em High,Slow Jams,2 Words,and Never Let Me Down.
6305161879|5.0|\\"You English! You think you're SOOOOO superior, don't you? Well, you're the FILTH of the PLANET!\\"<br /><br />\\"To call you stupid would be an insult to stupid people! I've known sheep that could outwit you! I've worn dresses with higher IQ's! ... Aristotle was not Beligan! The central message of Buddhism is not 'Every Man for Himself!' And the London Underground is not a political movement!\\"<br /><br />\\"He's going to kill her! HAAAA HA HA!....[bleep] off, or I'll kill you! Limey FRUITS!\\"<br /><br />\\"My father was in the Secret Service, Mr. Manfrenginsinton, and I know PERFECTLY well that you do not keep the general public informed when you are de-briefing KGB defectors in a safe house...not unless you're genetically insane or irretrievably stupid, no.\\"<br /><br />\\"Oh, you English are SO superior, aren't you? Well, you want to know where you would be without us, the good old U.S. of A., to protect you? I'll tell you: the SMALLEST [bleep]ING PROVINCE in the RUSSIAN EMPIRE, that's what! So don't call me stupid, lady, just THANK ME!\\"<br /><br />Need I say more?
B0001ENY6M|5.0|Debney's adaptation of music for the film was nothing short of inspired.  The music is so masterfully tied to the movie's scenes, one is unable to listen to the score without reliving each scene via the mind's eye.  The music sucessfully evokes the mood of each scene, but it also conveys the listner to a place and time in history.  Bravo!  Well done.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|It kind of puzzles me how the film &quot;critics&quot; today rate films, and accordingly recommend films for honors, such as &quot;best Screenplay&quot;, &quot;best motion picture&quot;, etc.  In my opinion, this movie is, at best, a waste of time - to say nothing of giving it those types of &quot;honors&quot;.  I can't believe anyone would be so fooled by a movie that is slow, lame, and pointless!!!  Watch an old re-run of something on T.V., you'll be far better off!
B000002UDB|5.0|A pure delight from start to finish,there is (like all beatle albums),no weak areas here,just great start from end to end!
067144901X|5.0|When I was pregnant this was the first baby gift I received.  I read it to myself (in my adult, monotone voice)and thought, \\"What the?\\"  <BR>Well, after my baby arrived I read it to her and now, 2 years later, I still read it to her and she says the words with me with the greatest animation a 2 year old can give. It is a very funny book to a small child and in turn becomes a funny book for the parent watching them get so much pleasure out of it.  I recommend this one to anyone with a child under two. In fact, if I could only have 1 book for my child in her first 2 years, this would be it hands down! La..la..laaaa!
B000002UDB|5.0|The album is great,whats so funny is the fact that theres a buffoon out there in the planet that would give this one star!!!
0385720920|3.0|The main problem with this book is just the vile nature that it is written.  I understand why it was written like that, but it doesn't make the book very enjoyable at times.  I guess I should have paid more attention to the &quot;warning&quot; at the beginning of the book.  <br />I probably could have dealt with it more if perhaps the writing would have been more coherent.  I also understand this is CP's style, but still if you are going to use a fragment as a sentence, at least make it flow a little better.  <br />Overall, however, the book was decent.  I was entertained at some points and the conclusion is worthwhile.  However, the book is no where near Fight Club and Survivor.  I am actually glad this is the first CP book I  read, as it has made me enjoy the others so much more.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|how is it possible for them to keep getting so exponentially better with each record?  this is an early candidate for best of 2004.  the best record i've heard in a while.  how do they come up with these melodies?
B00012FXAE|5.0|I hate having to buy new versions of previously owned DVDs but if they were all as good as the ALIENS COLLECTOR'S EDTION I would surely go broke !<BR>What a complete set of featturetes It was great for FOX to be able to involve all of the important participants in the movie. You will learn everything you could possibly want to now about it. Some stuff is facinating, other (like the crew's tea breaks) downright hilarious).<BR>Most highly recommended, even if you own the original SPECIAL EDITION release.
B00005BJ2O|3.0|Sure, &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; was a good movie.  I loved it.  Still, the fact that the movie was good did nothing to help this soundtrack.  There are only fifteen songs on the CD, half of which either don't appear in the movie at all or are heard in the background for a few seconds.  <br />   ALL of the songs that Harold Zeedler (I'm not sure how to spell it and I don't know what the actor's name is, but it's the owner of the Moulin Rouge) sings or plays a part in are not featured on the CD.  This means that songs such as &quot;The Pitch,&quot; &quot;The Show Must Go On,&quot; or &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; are not featured, even though they all play an important part in the movie itself.  (AAHHHH!!!) <br />   Even with these cons, this album still would make an excellent addition to any Moulin Rouge freak's CD collection.  Why?  Well, let's just say that I've somehow fallen in love with &quot;El Tango De Roxanne&quot; and &quot;Complainte De La Butte&quot; (which is very sad, considering that &quot;Complainte De La Butte&quot; is almost entirely in French, and I don't speak a word of French!).<br />   If you weren't too attached to any of Harold Zeedler's songs, then buy this album by all means.  If you were, then sorry; you won't find them here.
B00007BHOE|5.0|YET ANOTHER MASTERPIECE BY SLIPKNOT, THIS DVD IS ONE OF THE BEST IF NOT THE BEST LIVE PREFORMANCE I HAVE EVER SEEN. THIS IS JUST AN AWESOME DVD AND A DEFINATE MUST HAVE FOR ANY REAL SLIPKNOT FAN. SOME IDIOT SAID THE SOUND QUALITY WAS BAD. DUDE WHAT DVD WERE YOU WATCHIN?.....GO OUT AND GET THIS I GUARENTEE YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED
B0000029DD|5.0|I'm a listener of a wide variety of music and genres: classic rock, metal, hardcore, early 90's alternative, punk, jazz, blues, hip hop, classic R n' B and ambience/experimental. The singer-songwriter genre is a new one to me, so far I've been discovering the joys of Elliot Smith, Rufus Wainwright and Nick Drake. But I've found that the most compelling is the late Jeff Buckley. This album is one of the finest of the 90's...possibly even of all time. It showcases a bright talent who would never live to see his scope of inspiration.<br />Jeff was a masterful vocalist, songwriter and guitarist. He drawns influence from a wide palette of vocal styles, from Nusrat Fateh Ali-Khan style undualations to bluesy crooning and operatic falsettos. His guitar playing is also eclectic, at times very Jimmy Page-ish and other times being noisy enough to be akin to Radiohead's Johnny Greenwood. The deep subconscious state he puts himself in during every song is eminent, he truly felt his music. Rarely have I heard such passion.<br />From the Led Zeppelin-esque Mojo Pin to the excellent covers of Nina Simone's Lilac Wine and Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah to aggressive, almost Fugazi sounding attack of Eternal Life, this album is solid and fulfilling from start to finish. My favorite song would be the closer Dream Brother, a epic of hypnotic dark melodies that reminds me of Pink Floyd jamming with Mogwai and Quicksand with a little Tool thrown in for good measure. <br />I also recommend Elliot Smith, another original and very talented songwriter who's life was also cut tragically short.
B00005A46T|5.0|SLIPKNOT HAS DONE IT AGAIN THIS ALBUM IS GREAT. I DONT SEE WHY IT GOT BAD REVIEWS. THAT JUST GOES TO SHOW YOU THAT PEOPLE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT GOOD MUSIC IS. PANTERA SUCKS, IRON MAIDEN SUCKS, OZZY SUCKS, BLACK SABBATH SUCKS...THIS IS A GOOD CD IF YOU LIKE SLIPKNOT GO OUT AND GET IT YOU WONT BE DISAPOINTED.
B0001GF2DS|5.0|I remember moving my work schedule around just so I could satch the first screening of this extended version when it was broadcast on TV/cable last year.  <br />The extra scenes are nothing earth shattering.  They weren't essential to the story line which was what allowed them to be cut in the first place, but they do add a few nuances and some background to the movie.  I'd put the impact of the added footage about on a par with the \\"extra\\" stuff that was aded to the LOTR special edition DVD's. If you can sit still for 2 hours and 40 minutes of the original, you can probably handle the almost 3 hours in this newer version.<br />There are no major disruptions in continuity or in pacing.  Eastwood's voice still meshes pretty well.  Nothing against Eli Wallach, but his voice is just not up to the explosively emotive bursts the way it was back when the film was made. However, it would have been even more wrong to go with an imitator when you've got the real deal available.<br />I can't tell for sure, but I think they tweaked the remaining audio so that it meshed a little better with the visuals.  For some maybe it's part of the charm, but it has always annoyed me the way that the gunshots never seemed to line up in the whole spaghetti western subgenre.<br />If you're in any way a fan, then it is definitely worth picking up this title to see what the full vision for the movie really was.  There are some \\"director's cut\\" or \\"extended verions\\" out there that end up making the movie worse, this is one of the times where it definitely makes it better.<br />If nothing else, I'd like to see the people who put the effort into restoring the footage rewarded.  I think this is a great and noble niche for the cable/broadcast networks to get into; restoring movies, recovering missing footage, etc., instead of lamely remaking every title they can option.
B00005A46T|4.0|I just got done looking at the other reviews for this CD and all I can state is that its not that bad. I don't know what other people were expecting when they listened to it, but I will admit that you get a pretty distorted view and what the hell they were trying to accomplish. Personally, I just like the mindless grind riffs and the incoherent vocals. Its good music just to zone out too. Quit expecting so much of this CD.
B00005JLEX|5.0|Okay, so it's about freakin' time Seinfeld come out on a huge DVD box set!! My boyfriend has the entire Seinfeld library on his laptop that he downloaded from the Internet, plus a video library he taped off TV. I'm sick of watching commericals and having to fast-forward and watch episodes on a computer!! I want to see them ON A BIG SCREEN with the control of a fantastic, fabuloso REMOTE CONTROL where you can SELECT the episode you want to see in AMAZING, FULL-COLOR! Please bring the Soup Nazi and Bizzaro Jerry into my household!! And I don't mean just the first season... I want them ALL!!!! Have you got that clear? If somebody doesn't offer this soon, I will come with a legion of Seinfeld fans armed with killer rabbits and what-not to take over your nation... and it won't be pretty.
B000127LW2|3.0|You folks who are complaining about the packaging, I know where you are coming from.  However, some of you are too obsessed with it.  What, do you sleep with the package?  Are you married to it?  It's a box for crying out loud.  Slide the top off, and set it down.  Then slide the DVDs out and place the bottom of the box aside.  Flip to the DVD of choice, and insert into DVD player.  Place other DVDs in bottom package and slide top on.  Wow!!! That was tough!!!  For those of you who are upset due to lack of pictures, go buy a coloring book. For those of you who are unwilling to &quot;slap down&quot; $100 +, you're shopping in the wrong place.  Wal-Mart, Sam's and BJ's all have Voyager for under $85. Just watch, or don't watch, but be glad Paramount is releasing everything Star Trek. Based on fan feedback you either love Voyager or you hate it. Paramount could do like Columbia TriStar and release the first couple of seasons of a long-running show then pull the plug due to poor feedback.  I think Paramount has done well with all of the DVD sets.  Don't get me wrong, I want as much as possible for my buck, too.  However, I can handle the packaging as long as the bonus materials are not sacrificed.
B0001AP14E|5.0|Kanye West is a talented MC/Producer, and the cd is tight.  That's it!
B00006CXXU|1.0|this is more of what I hate. Bad singers, who are only there for their looks.Honestly, these songs are some of the worst songs I've ever heard, and I've heard some horrinle songs! This cd is really bad and so is Christina, So DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!!
0345404475|5.0|This book, known for its tie-in to the SF blockbuster film Bladerunner, is a distinct beast. One of Dick's best, most fully developed, and imagined novels, it takes place on a radioactive wasteland-Earth in the not-so-distant future, after a war that killed virtually all animals (whose prices, even when no specimens are available, are kept in auction guide-like catalogues called Sidney's Animal and Fowl), and necessitated lead codpieces to protect the human germ line in the minority not turned into \\"specials\\"-radioactive rejects such as one of the book's two male protagonists, Jack Isodore.  The main, tough male character is Rick Deckard, a married bounty hunter who steps up to the plate after his senior colleague is killed in the line of fire.  One thing that I don't think comes through in the film, but which is a major focal point of the book, is the metaphorical, metaphysical status of the weak, the feminine, the loving-emotional-animal axis so central to our mammalian human being.  As always in Dick, it helps to look beyond the action to the philosophical or metaphysical verities that are being expertly explored through the condensed tool of his nonpareil fiction. Here it occurs to me that the \\"being-a-man\\" coolness (i.e., emotionlessness) of the prototypical-and ideal-1950s male is here what is being taken to task.  In non SF pulp forerunners to a book like Androids-in the works of Raymond Chandler and his hardboiled ilk, that is to say, in detective fiction-the desirable femme fatale is resisted as the detective (the \\"private dick,\\" as the slang goes) solves the crime.  In Androids-which is a kind of metaphysical detective story-the Deckard character makes a mistake of falling for Rachel Rosen, an attractive young female with attractive small \\"Irish\\" buttocks, large grown up-woman eyes, and a Jewish last name. She at first appears to be the daughter of the head of The Rosen Association, a rich corporation at the forefront of extraterrestrial android manufacture. The Voigt-Kampff test, however-a sort of polygraph that asks pointed questions trying to stir human-style empathy, such as what would one think about a couch made of human hide-reveals that she is a Nexus 6, the most advanced type of organic robot.  It is interesting both that Rosen is given a Jewish name and that the Voigt-Kampff test is thought in the book to be ineffective in detecting certain schizophrenic patients.  For Dick's true topic is not technology and hovercar chases but empathy. With his bounty money Deckard replaces his electric sheep with a real goat, bought from the Rosen Association at considerable expense.  This is a huge status symbol.  The book opens with a marital dispute over a Penfield Mood Organ, a device that can program emotions, even rather exotic ones such as 481, \\"awareness of the manifold possibilities of the future,\\" 888, \\"the desire to watch TV, no matter what's on it,\\" and 594, \\"pleased acknowledgment of a husband's superiority in all matters.\\" Moreover, the main religious figure, and the number two personality on the planet after TV celebrity Buster Friendly, is Mercer, an old man whose experience of climbing up a rocky hill while stones are thrown at him can be accessed by anyone with an \\"empathy box\\"-a black box with two handles that somehow conveys not only the experience of being with Mercer, but his actual wounds as he makes his Christlike trek.  When Deckard must wrangle with his mission-to kill other AWOL Nexus-6 andys, some of them females with the same alluring form of Rachel Rosen, with whom the bounty hunter makes the plunge-the reader is forced to contemplate what it is that truly ties him to others, what makes him better (or not) than an animal, a what-who-by turns insures and interrupts his essential loneliness. He is a detective on a mission to kill that which he loves-a difficult proposition, and one that all life in principle faces.  The woman, the goat, the sexy android, his wife, the escaped androids, and evena spider with its legs being torn off all provide the opportunity for reflection on the status of life's common unity, and its ability to recognize itself in itself. Near the book's end Deckard finds a toad-it may be the last one on Earth-and brings it home to his wife, who discovers it is electric. Of course, we too are, in a sense, electric, although our maker(s) are not corporations we can locate by browsing through the Yellow Pages.  As biologist Jean Rostand wrote, \\"Biologists come and go. The frog remains.\\" The beauty and sadness of Dick's world is he presents us with a believable scenario in which the frog is gone.  Metaphysics disguised as science fiction: a meditation on loneliness, solipsism, and empathic connection in a vast universe where, ultimately, we must take on faith that the idea of what the Greeks called a Koinos Kosmos (shared universe) when all we can feel directly is our own, individual, Idios Kosmos (private universe). The Hebresque paramour, Rachel Rosen, is the killable other, identified as such by signs so subtle, we might, as any private dick knows, be guilty of displaying them ourselves. When you consider that the trait sought for that separates the android organic machine from the \\"real\\" human is precisely the capacity to empathize, you realize that this is a major work by a master.a spider with its legs being torn off all provide the opportunity for reflection on the status of life's common unity, and its ability to recognize itself in itself. Near the book's end Deckard finds a toad-it may be the last one on Earth-and brings it home to his wife, who discovers it is electric. Of course, we too are, in a sense, electric, although our maker(s) are not corporations we can locate by browsing through the Yellow Pages.  As biologist Jean Rostand wrote, \\"Biologists come and go. The frog remains.\\" The beauty and sadness of Dick's world is he presents us with a believable scenario in which the frog is gone.  Metaphysics disguised as science fiction: a meditation on loneliness, solipsism, and empathic connection in a vast universe where, ultimately, we must take on faith that the idea of what the Greeks called a Koinos Kosmos (shared universe) when all we can feel directly is our own, individual, Idios Kosmos (private universe). The Hebresque paramour, Rachel Rosen, is the killable other, identified as such by signs so subtle, we might, as any private dick knows, be guilty of displaying them ourselves. When you consider that the trait sought for that separates the android organic machine from the \\"real\\" human is precisely the capacity to empathize, you realize that this is a major work by a master.
B000000WA4|5.0|I cannot believe noone has reviewed this.  Simply put, Mellon Collie ranks as my favorite album of all time.  It is number 1 on the mythical top-10 desert-island-cd-list.  These songs have rage and beauty mixed together in a whirlwind of poetry, which can fit any mood you would happen to be in.  For the sad, relationship-breakup moments, maybe you play 'Galapagos', 'to Forgive', or 'Take Me Down'.  There are so many different types of music it is hard to explain, but I find it all beautiful. <br />My favorite song is 'Thru the Eyes of Ruby'.  It starts off with a soft, piano and then builds in tempo and pitch as the guitars enter.  Then the lyrics &quot;wrap me up in always, drag me in with maybes;&quot;  I have read reviews of Corgan's works where the lyrics are the weak point, but I have to disagree.  I think the lyrics are his strongpoint.  Some artists hit you in the head with what they are trying to say, but Corgan guards his secrets as any person does; thus the listeners can interpret the lyrics for themselves.  Each song has a personal message for each one of us; we just have to find it.
B00006RU5B|4.0|As these guys keep playing together they are really going to get a lot better, but thats not to say this album wasn't of high quality, as one reviewer said, I was expecting something purely legendary.  The song structure is pretty generic and seems like childs play compared to some of those Soundgarden epics. But, the musicianship is first rate, the lyrics are pretty good and Cornell's voice is of course, divine. The drumming is servicable but nothing really extraordinary. Morello does enough great stuff on the guitar to make this a good listen alone.  There is not a single weak song on this album, only a few are mediocre, very good, very listenable album. The Best tracks are: Like A Stone, Shadow of the Sun, Last Remaining Light, I am the Highway and Cochise.
0743455967|4.0|In Stephen King's, On Writing, he discusses how he starts writing, his life, and trashes many writers in the process. King is probably the only writer who wrote on writing that hasn't been so boring. He writes this book as if he is talking to you one on one. He doesn't tip bi toe around the point he gets to it and tells you as it is. King tells of how to write in two ways one only being memorable. The toolbox. In the toolbox section King tells that writing is a toolbox and that grammer and vocabulary should be the frist level and the second layer is just made up of sentence structure, verbs, etc. King then tells of writing and says that he hates it when what to be writers says that they have no time to read was great. To many so called writers say that they have no time to read when in reality that time they just wasted saying that they could have been reading. Another favorite part is when he tells of how he came about Carrie by an inspiration of a friend talking about periods and Carrie being two girls he knew in high school. I thought that it was amazing that Carrie never would have happened unless his wife hadn't stepped in and told him to finish it. Like everyone says behind every man there's a woman and behind Stephen King was his wife who helped him throughout all his turmoil's in writing and life. When writing The Shining King never realized that the main character was him an alcoholic teacher. Once King got rid of his dream desk and got a new one to place in the corner his life improved. <BR> King may have had an interesting life, but how he tells you how to write is great. King discusses many things such as what type of room to write in, to set goals, and even down to where to place your desk. So if one should follow his advice then they should have a pretty decent start at a writing career. King uses his teaching skills to teach you what he believes and has done to become a good writer, but what I think is awesome is when he places the best of the best atthe top and says that they are a rare breed, that the decent writers are below the great writer, and then comes the bad writers who will never become good writers unless they work hard for many years. By King telling a person about how to write he sets up guidelines for the person to help them succeed in their career. He uses authors as examples of what to do and what not to do. The one that is most memorable is when he talks about John Grisom books. King states that Grisom is an author who only wrote looking to make a fortune. I found this surprising that he didn't approve of Grisom stories. Now I have never personally read his books, but people says his books are great, and they have been made into movies like Kings books has. I personally am not realy looking to be a writer, but if I ever want to then I'll really read King's book and follow his advice. <BR> Does this mean I would recommend King's writing book? YES! King makes you know how to write in a short easy book. It might be a little to long, but he gets to the point quick, though sometimes King can take his sweet time at explaining some things, but he tells it like it is. Even though he is a teacher one would expect him to boring and talk for a thousand pages. Anyways King isn't like that, at times I wished that I could have been in his writing (English) class, for he must have been a great teacher to learn writing from. To any aspiring writers I would highly recommend this book due to it's great writing and author alone. King was a smart writer who read all the time and wrote continuously even when his life was hectic. He may be a workalcholic, but that's an example to follow and can help future writers. Personally I don't know why anyone wouldn't want to read this book. First it's written by Stephen King, one of the best writers in the 20th century and if you like his novels why wouldn't you like his writing book.
B000003TA4|3.0|And start judging them by their music. Which, with the exception of a few gems, is quite ordinary. Smells Like Teen Spirit is purely legendary and one of the great songs of all time. Come as You are is another good one and the album finishes of with Something In the Way, a real good, well written song. Other than that the album is pretty regular, repetitive and dull. Probably the least talented of the big four grunge bands, which isn't really a slam, because all of those bands are excellent.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Some have commented that it's slow, that it doesn't have a plot, and that it feels disconnected.  If you're looking for an all-out comedy or a sexy romance, you won't find it in this wonderfully deep and subtle movie.  But if you have the inclination to watch this film with the thoughtfulness it deserves, you'll see that it is a deep work of art achieving what few movies ever do.  Without so many words or actions, the movie takes viewers through a journey of two disaffected strangers in a foreign land, and the momentary fleeting connection they find in each other.  It is a relationship built of necessity and depth, without possibility of any future, and experienced through their quiet, mundane lives.  Other reviewers have asked for more outrageous gags, steamy sex scenes, and fall-down laughter.  That's all wrong... the film's subtlety is its beauty, just as the Japanese see subtle beauty.  It is far deeper than many have expected.  That might scare many people off, but if you are willing to give Lost in Translation a thoughtful chance, you might appreciate it's true depth as well.
B000000OSG|2.0|There are some classics on this, and there are a lot of disasters, the production is shoddy at times and the extensive use of a piano is really ridiculous. The first five tracks up to &quot;Knockin On Heavens Door&quot; are good, especially &quot;Civil War&quot;. From there the album takes a downward spiral into inexcusable ineptitude, I mean, some of it is really really bad, &quot;Get in the Ring&quot;??? Come on! The album recovers for &quot;Estranged&quot; and &quot;You Could Be Mine&quot; but finishes poorly with the god awful Vanilla Ice-like &quot;My World&quot;. You could tell they were trying to make a classic and were too careful and trying to be too perfect, Appetite For Destruction was a classic and it seemed carefree, but this...oh dear.<BR>   Combine this with the good stuff off of Use your Illusion I and you have a classic.
B00012QM8G|5.0|With this movie, you have a lot of people giving it 5 stars because it is epic in scope, you will have some people give it 5 stars because it is Steven Spielberg, and you will have some people give it 5 stars because it addresses the Holocaust.<br />This movie is great for all of these reasons together, but not any one in particular - Spielberg just barely pulls it off. All of them come together to make a 5-star film. It gets better with each viewing - we have been waiting too long for the DVD.
B000002H33|5.0|This is the peak of Metallica, when it all came together, the media might claim that moment was the Black Album, they are wrong. This is an incredible album.<BR>  Battery: Great opening track in the same vein as &quot;fight fire with fire&quot; and &quot;blackened&quot;<BR>  Master of Puppets: Title track is aggressive but artful, one of their very best.<BR>  The Thing That Should Not Be: Probably the worst song on the album, kind of repetitive but still pretty solid, has an intimidating, catastrophic sound to it.<BR>  Welcome Home(Sanitarium): Slower, more melodic song, a personal favorite.<BR>  Disposable Heroes: Played at 1,000 miles an hour, a real solid song.<BR>   Leper Messiah: Another good one, I love the lyrics<BR>   Orion: One of the finest instrumentals I've ever heard.<BR>  Damage Inc: Starts slowly than builds up to a whirlwind assault, a great finisher.
B0000029AL|3.0|If, like me, you are just beginning to explore the work of Aerosmith this is a good cd to get. Having enjoyed &quot;Permanent Vacation&quot;, I decided to start at the beginning and bought this album. I was not disappointed, it's a good solid rock lp in the classic sense. Although some tracks do stand out, e.g. Mama Kin &amp; Dream On, the album as a whole has inegrity and is one of those cds that warrants being listened to again and again as a whole rather than by selection of a few good tracks.
B00006F83Y|3.0|A lot of these songs sounded the same, as much as I admire the concept and the attempt to do something somewhat new, the songs suffered from being pretty repetitive with the same riff and drumming.  No One Knows, Go with the flow, and God is in the Radio are quality songs.  These guys have potential, I'm anxious to see what happens with them from here.
B00009V7RF|4.0|Typically Don't go for rap music, but after hearing &quot;Where is the Love,&quot; and other singles from this album on the radio It began to grow on me and I decided to buy it.  Needless to say I'm glad I did because it is now one of my favorite CDs.  I highly recommend to anybody! The reason why I gave it only four stars is because the first two song are not up to par with the rest of the album.
B000002U82|5.0|From the cash registers to the chiming clocks to the intermittent lines of dialog, this album is one of the greatest ever. Five stars is a rating so often thrown around on this site to any old cd, but this album clearly deserves it.<BR>  Its meant to be listened to all the way through, each track flowing seamlessly into the next, Time and Money are the two classics on this but the other songs are excellent also.  Brain Damage/Eclipse is one of the best closing tracks I've ever heard. Roger Waters lyrics are incredible and Gilmour's guitar is its usual self with well crafted solos. The drumming is first rate, especially on &quot;Money&quot;.<BR>   This is a cd that gets better with every listen, the first time you hear it you may ask, &quot;This is it?&quot; but give it a few tries and you'll see, you'll see....
B00009V7RF|4.0|Typically Don't go for rap music, but after hearing &quot;Where is the Love,&quot; and other singles from this album on the radio It began to grow on me and I decided to buy it.  Needless to say I'm glad I did because it is now one of my favorite CDs.  I highly recommend to anybody! The reason why I gave it only four stars is because the first two song are not up to par with the rest of the album.
B00008J2DQ|3.0|Purely generic rock. This is nothing spectacular and really wanes over time, the first couple times you listen to it you'll be knocked on your ass, but a year later it will have taken up permanent residence in the bowels of your cd case.  These guys are too busy mimmicking their influences to be anything really revolutionary, the only thing creative is Serenity, easily the best song on the album. The whole cd has one repetitive theme that gets old after track 3.  They right slower songs far better than harder ones, the new acoustic album(can these guys rip Alice in Chains off any more?) should be pretty good, but Faceless is really boring.
0767817664|4.0|FRIGHT NIGHT     (USA - 1985)    Aspect ratio: 2.39:1 (Panavision)  Theatrical soundtrack: Dolby Stereo    Unable to convince anyone that his new neighbor (Chris Sarandon) is a vampire, a desperate teenager (William Ragsdale) summons the help of a reluctant TV 'horror host' (Roddy McDowall) to confront the monsters in their midst...    Produced at a time when the American horror film seemed to have lost its way following the glut of low-budget independent shockers which proliferated in the wake of HALLOWEEN and FRIDAY THE 13th, Tom Holland's FRIGHT NIGHT attempts to straddle the gap between 'traditional' horror and the effects-driven blockbusters which had begun to dominate genre movies in the early 1980's. The plot is a little thin, and there's a couple of items which date the narrative squarely within its decade (notably the disco sequence, and a cringe-inducing theme song by the 'J. Geils Band' during the closing credits!), but Holland's script reserves its major fireworks for a dramatic second half, in which the forces of Good and Evil make their final stand against one another, resulting in a barrage of monsters and mayhem, courtesy of Richard Edlund's superb visual effects.     Ragsdale and love interest Amanda Bearse are saddled with stock juvenile characters, but Sarandon relishes his role as the vampiric predator, toying with Ragsdale as the boy's accusations of supernatural horror are met with incredulity by all around him. However, McDowall steals the movie as a faded horror star whose old-fashioned values have fallen out of favor in an increasingly cynical age, and who finds himself confronted at the end of his career by very real monsters indeed. Though somewhat underwritten, McDowall portrays the man's cowardice, sadness and ultimate redemption with a deftness and clarity that brightens the entire movie.     Some observers have discerned a homoerotic subtext in Ragsdale's obsession with his handsome, vampiric neighbor, and also in Sarandon's pursuitof Ragsdale's high school buddy (Stephen Geoffreys, also known as 'Sam Ritter', star of gay adult movies like VIRTUAL STUD and SEX ON THE BEACH), and while there's some merit in this particular reading, it doesn't get in the way of the slam-bang melodramatics. Geoffreys adopts a range of tics and mannerisms which will infuriate some viewers and endear him to others, but his final sequence - one of the best in the entire movie - is charged with genuine emotion (rendered even moreso by McDowall's extraordinary, wordless performance on the sidelines), and the 'death rattle' which accompanies Geoffreys' departure is one of the creepiest sound effects this reviewer has EVER heard!!...    Followed by FRIGHT NIGHT PART 2 (1988).
B00001NFCY|5.0|This song was very inspiring and bought me and my bf together after learning we are expecting our first baby.  It's his first baby and the stance in the song which reads &quot;Well I don't know if i'm ready, to be the man I have to be..&quot; really sinks in and makes sense.  Cause you don't have at act like you're ready, many of our are not, the song tells us it's ok to be real, and not be 100%
B00005QDW1|5.0|This CD is very original. Everytime I hear a No Doubt song on the radio its always different because I cant compare one song of theirs to another they all sounds very different and very original. <br />&quot;Hella Good&quot; is a really cool dance song. This is the first song I ever danced to in public = a club.  <br />&quot;Hey Baby&quot; is an amazing upbeat dance song that puts you in a really good mood everytime you hear it. <br />&quot;Making Out&quot; this song is really really really catchy and really disco sounding. I love this song. The first time I heard this CD, this was my favorite song.<br />&quot;Underneath it All&quot; The first time I heard the whole CD I disliked this song the most. It was really boring for my taste but it grew on me so much that its one of my favorites now. Lady Saw is awesome in it. <br />&quot;Detective&quot; I love this song. Its catchy as hell. I played this whole CD to a friend thats never heard of No Doubt and he liked this one the best. <br />&quot;Dont let me Down&quot; Im surprised this song didnt make it as big when it was on the radio. Im totally in love with this song. Its original its fun to sing a long to and Gwen sounds really good. <br />&quot;Start the Fire&quot; I played this song to my mom and she doesnt speak any English and she liked it a lot. This song has a unique reggae sound to it and a clever unique hook. <br />&quot;Running&quot; Hands down my favorite track. Im just disapointed that this song went nowhere on the radio. <br />&quot;In my Head&quot; The beginning is a bit funny and wierd but I love the rest of the song. At one point it sounds like your listening to The Cure. <br />&quot;Platinum Blonde Life&quot; this song sounds like its a Blondie song. Gwen sounds really good. You can hear shes trying to sound like Debbie Harry but she sounds amazing. I love this song its one of the few rock songs on the album.<br />&quot;Waiting Room&quot; Hmmmm.... Prince and Gwen sound really really good together. This song is very very different. Its not catchy at all but their voices together sound so good that it really makes the song shine. <br />&quot;Rock Steady&quot; This song is really relaxing, really soothing. Gwens vocals are so infectious in this song and it has a nice tropical feel to it. Its a song that you'll love to listen to while getting a massage or relaxing in bed.
0451163540|4.0|Triple is a spy novel set in the mid-60s when Israel is rushing to beat the Arabs in a race to build an atomic bomb.  This book as all the action, suspense and romance you'd expect from Follet.  His research is excellent and this book is very believable.  As one of Follet's earlier novels, it definitely stands the test of time.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|It's totally ridiculous that Sophia Coppola has won an academy award for this. Just ridiculous. Meanwhile Kubrick, Scorcese and so many other haven't got squat. Tarantino was totally ignored in favor of THIS? Oh the hype!...
B00005JMJ4|5.0|To me, this film was an elegant, understated and highly accomplished masterpiece. I do not blame those who are dissapointed: it is like those things in life that you either love or hate. <br />I will not say something like &quot;oh they just don't get it&quot;, because this would imply that I am somehow more clever and insightful than those who disliked it. No I am not. It is just my taste is different. Let me give you an example: I dislike Robin Williams, in fact I think that he is a shallow and one-dimensional comedian. Is it because I &quot;don't get&quot; his jokes? No. I do get his jokes, and many of them are funny. I just don't like him. He annoys me, just like Steve Martin does.<br />Now, back to this film - and here comes another example of different people liking different things. I love Japan (although I do understand that in this film it serves only as a background - incredibly rich, a tapestry of a background - but still only a background), but I understand and accept that many people do not. I love and adore Japanese food and their cold tea from wending machines and their trains; but so many people are left cold by this. And it is OK - because I am also left cold by many things that excite others.<br />I find Scarlett Johansson very beautiful (in this not-so-dazzling way) and her acting razor-sharp; in fact, I think she shines even brighter than Bill Murray in this film. I am also amazed that it took so many years for Western filmmakers to realize that an unfulfilled love can also be an interesting story. <br />I love that this movie does not have an answer. And I don't mind staring through hotel window: I did that in Tokyo myself, and I did the same in many much stranger places: Accra in Ghana, Vladivostok in Russia, Nida in Lithuania. Some of the most interesting ideas (well, for me anyway) I had at the time when I was staring through hotel windows.
0385510438|5.0|For me, just one reader, The Last Juror, stands out among all of John Grisham's novels as his very finest work.    With The Last Juror, Grisham shows himself to be an author who has arrived at a point where he is able to pull it all together in a carefully developed, richly written story. The characters are introduced with great attention to detail and as a reader I was quickly drawn into the story and it's setting. The plot is strongly constructed and stays solid through the story's end. Each character is unusual and interesting enough to grow quickly interested in them; some even begin to feel like old friends by the end. The setting is nicely depicted and Grisham's prose really comes across with a sense of what it might be like to be in Clanton, Mississippi during the events of this story.     At one level, The Last Juror is a story that revolves around the brutal rape and murder of one of Clanton, Mississippi's widows and the trial of the man accused. Yet, moreover, this is a story of a town, its history and traditions, its newspaper and of some of the local citizenry. Narrated by Willie Traynor, the young new owner (and outsider) of the town's newspaper, Grisham conveys some touching stories of Traynor's own development from a lackluster college dropout to a highly moral newspaper publisher. He weaves in some of the historical and present day tension between the black and the communities of Clanton, tells some of the story of the town's efforts to muddle through integration and richly communicates the story of one tremendously influential African American role model in the community. And, he does all this without being ponderous. The Last Juror while dealing with a sad incident has a real sense of personality and even a bit of comedy about it.     From my perspective The Last Juror has some of the same rich feel of a novel I have long had great appreciation for, Staggerford, written by Jon Hassler. While Hassler wasn't a mystery writer, and his setting was Northern Minnesota and not the Deep South, the rich and complex writing about one town and it's goings on, has much the same feel.    Kudos to Grisham on this one!    Highly Recommended!    Daniel J. Maloney  Saint Paul, Minnesota USA
B00005JMNA|5.0|PHENOMINAL!! SPECTACULAR!!! EXCELLENT FILM! Diego Luna-- wow.. AMAZING! ahah. The dancing is awesome and the music is great. I bought the soundtrack!! Far better than the first.. Nobody should put THIS baby in the corner!<br />Diego Luna is underrated and wow what a hottayyyyyyyyy. Everyone should go out and see this movie NOW!!!
0930289234|5.0|You might be inclined to dismiss reviewers who gush that Watchmen is a great literary work: \\"They're just over-exuberant comic book fans blah blah blah.\\" Don't be so hasty, and I say that as someone with degrees in English lit (who also appreciates comics).<br />While Watchmen isn't Shakespeare or Milton--duh--and suffers from some clumsiness, it's certainly intelligent, thought provoking, and even poetic at times, either visually or textually. It bears many of the hallmarks of great literature, like an investigation of substantial themes (use and abuse of power, moral responsibility, fate vs. chance or free will, hubris, etc.) and their effects on everday people, well-rounded characters that you can never fully love or hate precisely because they're more like real people than cardboard cutouts, a multi-layered and partially self-referential narrative structure, and more.<br />Part of what makes this story so entertaining and thought provoking is the way it makes full use of its chosen medium. Watchmen is filled with visual/textual puns (not often of the humorous variety, unless it's black humor) and running visual commentaries on the text and vice versa. The medium allows Moore and Gibbons to feature mirrored or parallel strands of ideas or narrative at the same time instead of having to switch back and forth, as in purely text-based fiction.<br />As for the art, it's straightforward and effective and finely detailed, if a bit anonymous in technique and style. Actually, a more prominent, personal style arguably would have detracted from Watchmen; the seeming prosaic anonymity of the art lends the fictional world more verisimilitude--an \\"everyday\\" look for a world of relatively realistic people you're supposed to believe in, as opposed to wild fantasy.<br />Speaking of the art, it's been said that the characters in Watchmen are poorly developed, and that's been chalked up to Moore. That seems to show a misunderstanding of the genre. Comics aren't simply illustratedtexts; the visuals in comics play an equal or greater role in the storytelling as the accompanying words do. As in film or theater, what you see of the characters--their expressions and body language and unique features--says at least as much as any written text. When you take both words and images into account, you can see that the characters here are indeed well rounded.<br />Overall, then, great stuff. It's fun to watch Moore and Gibbons have their cake and eat it, too, by revelling in traditional comic book superheroics while critiquing the very notion and adding many new layers of depth to it. Be sure to check out Moore's V for Vendetta, which is arguably an even more intelligent and \\"adult\\" look at the masked \\"hero\\".
B000002GJ7|5.0|I just put this CD on and smile every time I hear it! Hearing it for the first time back in high school, I was amazed at the musicianship. They were absolutley the BEST band in the sea of 80s hard rockhair bands at the time. Like others have said, I think they came at a fickle time in music when the tides were shifting. It's a shame they got lost in the shuffle. But all music is cyclical, I'm sure one day in the future 80s rock/glam/metal will be popular again and people will dig up this CD and give it the credit it deserves.
B00006690G|5.0|This is the best album I've heard since Meet the Beatles.
B00005JKN9|1.0|The look on my face from beginning to end was; waiting for the movie to start. When I finally snapped out of it, I couldn't help but think what ugly imagery, and the charachters are so unrealistic..I can't believe 135 &quot;TOP CRITICS,&quot; called it one of the best films of the year. I'm equally stunned by the 10 academy award nominations. How did that happen? I'd rather watch 'my body guard,' or 'streets of fire,' from like 1980. Beastmaster was a better film!! If you haven't seen 'gangs of new york,' you're better off keepin it that way.
0385504209|5.0|It was the rage of the past several months so I had to check this out. It is a great book of fiction, fast paced with a lot of intrigue and mystery. The main reason it is so powerfull a book is because of it's earth shattering conspiracy, bigger and more incredible than any conpiracy theory ever made. It questions the legitimacy/credibility rocking the base of a religion which is practised by almost 1 in 3 people in the world - The world is 33% christians. (19 % muslims,13 % hindus,chinese 6 % , buddhist 6% , 2.5 % athiest ...etc). Ofcourse as of now it is fiction, but well researched stuff ranging from documents to da vinci paintings. Locales are world famous meuseums,monuments and landmarks, its almost a bus tour of france packaged with some intellectual documenatary (discovery channel) kind of sections spoken by the characters through which the author unwraps the &quot;The worlds best kept lie&quot;. Offcourse the theme of the book it seems has been the research of a large no of ppl who have written a large number of books on this topic. But Dan Brown here has been a bestseller because he has fictionalised the whole thing which kind of made it more approchable as a light read for someone wanting to read a good yarn but in the process got hooked onto something bigger. As Mr Dan Brown says this novel may open the door for most readers into a journey of exploration leading to other serious non-fiction books on the same premise but neverthless which are actually serious treatises and researches on the topic dealt with in this book. Nothing wrong with that and its a damn good read. The pages zip past you.Thumbs up !!!
6302035074|2.0|What is the deal with everyone saying disturbing?  This was no worse than every other 70s/80s horror films.  I was actually quite bored throughout this film.  The most sickenly amusing scenes are in the beginning before they go in the woods.  I kept expecting something utterly gruesome and terrible to happen.  It never did, unless you consider rape (which really wasn't that graphic; never shows anything).  I frankly hae seen worse by about twenty times.  I'm not quite sure wh the controversy.  Typical 70s film noire.  Nothing more, nothin less.
B000001FMC|4.0|Sade was not the only one infusing jazz in her brand of pop.  Another British group, Swing Out Sister, led by smooth-voiced Corrine Drewery, she of the Louise Brookes hairdo, was doing the same, only their sound was more peppy, using horns to enhance a backbeat of drums and mostly bass keyboards.  The result is a kind of snazzy, lush, dreamy brand of UK jazz pop, the soundtrack for some jet-setters in a cocktail lounge on some ocean-liner.<br />The single &quot;Breakout&quot; uses airy Pet Shop Boys-type synths, funky keyboards, percussion, string synths, and a fresh horn ensemble in the chorus and bridge.  In the NAD mix, also included here, the funky keyboards have been removed in the intro, repeated instrumental fills and loops, instrumentals of the string synths, the removal of airy synths in the bridge, and all the other stuff one's come to expect from remixes.<br />Its fellow single &quot;Twilight World,&quot; sports pronounced snazzy horns and more string synths than &quot;Breakout.&quot;  &quot;Don't be fooled by love songs and lonely hearts, you're living in a twilight world&quot; sings Corrine, surrounded by a flurry of horns and strings that the Pet Shop Boys and Dusty Springfield would ache to use.  And there's a nice vibe instrumental used here.  Yes, one does get tired of lonely crowds, friendly faces, and for some privacy.  As for the remix, there are different keyboards, a harmonica, there's an obnoxious monologue from some jerk talking about a girl demanding some sort of contract and advances, to which he says, &quot;she'd have to get a body transplant to get an advance from me.&quot;  That better not be about Corrine.<br />&quot;After Hours&quot; is a thoughtful, reflective airy synth ballad with a sax (or sax-like synth), describing a lonely night, &quot;spent with no one at all,&quot; sharing &quot;another common distance to no-one at all.&quot;  A moody tempo sets in the last minute or so with the accompaniment of a lounging bass and piano.<br />&quot;Surrender&quot; is another single, not as upbeat as &quot;Breakout&quot; though it features the same instrumentation, plus some backup singers, while Corrine sings repeatedly about waiting for love to take revenge.<br />Words whether they be lies or broken promises, will leave one unguarded, or &quot;Fooled By A Smile.&quot;  A more brisk number with the synth and brass package still kicking.<br />&quot;Communion&quot; is a moody synth- and drum-heavy ballad, and is what is needed with someone when life's a crime.  The strings kick in the last half of the song.  However, there are parts where Corrine's voice is nearly drowned out by the instruments.  There is an instrumental of this track included.  I can pick out some sax undiscernible in the vocal version.<br />Speaking of instrumentals, &quot;Theme&quot; is another moody piece wavering between airy synths mixed with guitar-like sounds and a loud otherworldy modern orchestral piece with a barely discernible chorus.<br />I'd heard &quot;Breakout&quot; when it first came out, and only years later, bothered to pick up this album and two others by Swing Out Sister, Get In Touch With Yourself and Kaleidoscope World.  An interesting mix of dreamy jazz-pop and moody synth ballads, with great vocals by Corrine Drewery herself.>&quot;Surrender&quot; is another single, not as upbeat as &quot;Breakout&quot; though it features the same instrumentation, plus some backup singers, while Corrine sings repeatedly about waiting for love to take revenge.<br />Words whether they be lies or broken promises, will leave one unguarded, or &quot;Fooled By A Smile.&quot;  A more brisk number with the synth and brass package still kicking.<br />&quot;Communion&quot; is a moody synth- and drum-heavy ballad, and is what is needed with someone when life's a crime.  The strings kick in the last half of the song.  However, there are parts where Corrine's voice is nearly drowned out by the instruments.  There is an instrumental of this track included.  I can pick out some sax undiscernible in the vocal version.<br />Speaking of instrumentals, &quot;Theme&quot; is another moody piece wavering between airy synths mixed with guitar-like sounds and a loud otherworldy modern orchestral piece with a barely discernible chorus.<br />I'd heard &quot;Breakout&quot; when it first came out, and only years later, bothered to pick up this album and two others by Swing Out Sister, Get In Touch With Yourself and Kaleidoscope World.  An interesting mix of dreamy jazz-pop and moody synth ballads, with great vocals by Corrine Drewery herself.
B00018TI5E|5.0|Wow. I had been waiting for this album since I first heard it was being put together, and I am not disappointed. John's definitely one of the greatest guitarists I have ever heard, and his voice is definitely amazing. If you are a fan of any of his other solo work, then you owe it to yourself to pick it up. If you just heard John's work with the RHCP, then go to [...] to listen to a few tracks off of this new album to see if you would like his kind of music. You won't be disappointed.<br />John is one of those artists that pours his soul into every song. From the passionate sound of his voice to his incredible guitar playing, almost every moment on this CD makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up. Truly a great CD. As I continue to listen to it, it works its way up on my list of favorite CD's of all time. Definitely a worthy addition to his already formidable repertoire of music.
B000001ZS3|3.0|upon reading reviews and listening to friends adulation over this album, i was eager and excited to listen to this cd.  sadly, after listening to oxygene, i was a bit disappointed and frankly don't know what the fuss is about.  jean michel jarre perhaps made electronic music accessible to the masses, but this is not the greatest electronic album ever as some reviewers here have suggested.  there were artists before him that made electronic music of a higher quality than this.  personally, i found his album to be very pop and commercial.  this may be fine to some, but it seemed like jarre was able to use existing electronic elements and produce them into a catchy (sometimes corny) melody. making electronica melodic may be an admirable effort, but frankly the melody just isn't as good as ppl make it out to be.  yes it has melody, but at times the songs sound very cheesy and as if one were at a polka.  thats just my opinion.  i think   <BR>tangerine dream, kraftwerk, tonto's expanding headband, and perhaps juan atkins have done more important and better quality electronica than this.  this album is ok, but is overrated.  personally, i enjoyed his later addition, oxygene 7-13, more than i did this album.
B00005PJ8I|5.0|From director,Robert Zemeckis comes Cast Away<BR>This is Gilligan's Island with a Hanks/Remeckis touch.<br />(Tom Hanks,Helan Hunt,Nick Searcy,Chris Noth &amp; Wilson)<BR>Written by William J.Broyles Jr.<br />Chuck Noland gets stranded on a remote island,where he learns he has to survive,&amp; keep hoping for someone to rescue him.This is a beautiful piece of film.The script isn't great,but the entire movie is great!<br />Tom Hanks is absolutley outstanding as Chuck,with a great cast.<br />There has been a huge amount of criticism from this film,&amp; I am here to get rid of those bad reviews. There is very little dialogue on the island,but the visuals are excellent.<br />Alan Silvestri,the composer,did a wonderful job on the soundtrack,fair enough he only composed 10 minutes of music.<br />   In my own opinion of viewing this movie,I thoroughly enjoyed it.It was truely an excellent piece of work. Tom Hanks &amp; Robert Zemeckis did well on directing this movie.There were some great quotes in this movie also some hidden secrets.<br />&quot;Coconut milk is a natural laxative. That's something Gilligan never told us.&quot; (C.Noland *see no land*)<br />5 out of 5 for:<BR>Acting &amp; Characters-Tom Hanks-Chuck Noland Helan Hunt-Kelly Frears<br />Music &amp; Visual Effects (Alan Silvestri)<BR>Writing &amp; Directing (William J Broyles Jr. &amp; Robert Zemeckis)<BR>Location &amp; Publicity-the beautiful island that Cast Away is set<BR>Memorable Quotations &amp; Classic Moments-The final scenes on the island
0385504209|4.0|There are many good features to The DaVinci Code, and given the amount of publicity it's generated, it is certainly worth a read.  The story is engaging and fast-paced, and the details are interesting and may cause you to look at certain elements of our culture differently.<br />That said, there are quite a few caveats to watch out for.  Brown got a lot of details wrong regarding the conservative Catholic group Opus Dei that the general reader will completely overlook, such as the fact that members aren't monks and are restricted in the amount of pain they may inflict on themselves. There are other minor historical errors as well.  I'm not crazy about the writing, either; the chapters are all incredibly short and invariably end with a cliff-hanger.  Once in awhile this device is tenable, but when it's employed every single chapter it loses its charm.  None of the characters is substantially developed, although the pacing of the story compensates for this a bit.  And while a lot of the pieces fit in very well, there are some details that are a bit of a stretch, particularly the Disney references.<br />I think my major beef with this book is that it feels as thought it was written for a decidedly non-intellectual audience; the book reads like the textbook for a freshman-- or even high-school-- level survey course in modern western civ.  While there's nothing inherently wrong with this tone, the book leaves you wanting more.<br />Overall, though, it's a quick, easy read, and it made me think.  I recommend it but caution against expecting too much.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Lost in translation is the type of film one depicts as a movie for the lost souls. It fills the heart with hope, that there is a light at the end of the highway. Bill Murray stars in the role of a lifetime as a lonely actor filming a commercial in Tokyo. Not understanding any of the language, he sits at the posh hotel lobby alone and drunk. And along come the &quot;jewel&quot; of the film, Scarlotte Johanson. Her character is much like Bill Murray's, alone and confused. The film revolves around a romance that's not supposed to happen, but does in a touching way. The best picture of the year, beautiful and touching.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Now I'm a big fan of all types of music(except country and some R&amp;B)and rap has me at so and so.  I don't like the rap that's all bling bling, a bunch of grown men waving around a gold necklace thats is suppose to show they have money but no lyrical knowlegde, and understanding of how to use the power of rapping and being heard by a large audience.  Now, I do like The Roots, Talib, Nas, Hi-Tek, Biggie, KRS-One, and I just added West to my list.  This cd is the funnest, smartest, and most intense cd I have heard since I listened to Thing Fall Apart from the Roots.<BR>He raps about family, life, god(seldom unheard in most rap cds), women, making it as a rapper, and college.  I only heard West on Jay-Z and Talib and hadn't heard a song from the cd when I bought it but just knew it had to be interesting, and now I have listened to it 3 times since this afternoon and will keep it spinnin in my cd player for a long time.  Rap continues on that track of evolution, into something more than guns, hoes, and gangsters.
0385504209|3.0|(Continued from the Authenticator review)<br />Where does The DaVinci code fall into all this? In the middle, sort of. Dan Brown falls right into the conjunction of the axes; his writing is readable, though not engaging or compelling enough to make me stay up late reading it (as did Lehane's); his research is decent, if not thorough. Normally, the latter wouldn't be a problem, but in this case Brown seems to have overlooked a few pieces of scholarship that undermine his whole novel (for example, about the nature and location of the holy grail, neither of which has been much of a secret for seven hundred years; it's just that no one thought to look in Ethiopia).<br />Still, if you can overlook the factual problems and take it as a straight novel, it's good enough for government work. Robert Langdon (the hero of Angels and Demons) returns, this time summoned in the middle of the night to the Louvre, whose director has been murdered. Thanks to cryptologist Sophie Neveau, Langdon learns he's the prime suspect of the French police, and if they're going to find the real killer, they need to get out of there fast. The resulting chase, taking place over the next twelve hours, give or take, ropes in secret societies, cloudy family trees, assassin monks, the Catholic church, and, of course, the supposed grail mystery.<br />Here, unlike the previous two books [ed. note: in this review, not Brown's two previous books], we have an unpredictable mystery; Brown throws us more than enough curveballs to keep us entertained (though the final whodunit does end up being a little predictable, thanks to Brown's dearth of red-herring characters). And yet, still, Brown's writing style isn't nearly as engaging as Lehane's. It's good, but it's not keep-you-up-at-night good. You will, of course, read it to find out what all the flap is about. But don't be expecting an instant classic, or you're likely to be disappointed.<br />(Dennis Lehane, ) Shutter Island: ****<br />(William M. Valtos, ) The Authenticator: ** <br />(Dan Brown, ) The DaVinci Code: ***Authenticator: ** <BR>(Dan Brown, ) The DaVinci Code: ***
B00005JN08|5.0|This is a must see movie.  Though if you are looking for mature and intellectual humor just like about half of the people who have reviewed this movie, it is DEFINATELY not for you.  I agree with that one guy that anybody under the age of 30 would enjoy this movie.  The only thing I could have lived without was the nude beach...  with 200 men and not a single chick.  My favorite scene was when Cooper went into Vandersexxx, and they brought out the Deschavinshawent (whatever), and it had the feather in the middle with the laser pointer and the 4 vibrating... toys.  I was laughing so hard that I was shaking the seat in front of me, I have never laughed so hard in my life.  If any form of racism, nudity, sex jokes, insulting exaggerations of cultures, or children dressed as Hitler (lol) offend you, please save the money, time, and bitching at America.  I knew this was going to be an offensive movie before I walked into the theatre just because of the commercial.  If you are easily offended please just make the smart decision to not go to see this movie.  (And Rober Evans, learn how to friggin spell before you complain about how stupid a movie is).  I'm sorry, I just can't stand when people see movies that they should be smart enough to know that they wont like.
0688163173|4.0|Dan Brown, The DaVinci Code (Dubleday, 2003)<br />Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island (Morrow, 2003)<br />William M. Valtos, The Authenticator (Hampton Roads, 2000)<br />Rarely, when I read, do three books come together so very well for one review. But such is the case here with The DaVinci Code, The Authenticator, and Shutter Island.<br />Imagine, if you will, a kind of number line of style, with the very best writers at the rightmost extreme and the very worst at the left. On the right are those authors who pay great attention to detail, and while they may miss a continuity trick or two, they always have it together. Their prose is readable, though it may be difficult, but it is always impeccable from a grammatical standpoint. (We'll allow a number of spelling errors for editorial mishaps.) Their characters are always well-drawn, the plot when it exists is interesting, the theme never takes over the storyline and slaps you in the face. William Faulkner and Wendy Walker reside on the right end of the line. So does Kathe Koja. Margaret Laurence roved around, but fell close to it all the time, and hit it with The Diviners. Charles Reznikoff OWNED the right side of the line.<br />On the left you have sloppy writing, loose ends, lectures in the middles of books, rampant grammatical errors and conscious misspellings (and, usually, a vehement defense of them), plots that disappear and reappear, glacial pacing, and all the rest of the things that make books unreadable mounds of tripe. So as not to step on any toes I'll let you fill in your own list here; I'm sure any reader has happened upon enough of these writers to fill at least a branch library.<br />Now imagine it has a moving axis. Above the line are those authors who, simply, do their research. Below it are those who either don't research at all or do just enough research to give truth to the phrase \\"a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.\\" Every author can be plotted on the resulting two-dimensional graph.<br />Dennis Lehane sits somewhere in the right center. There's nothing necessarily factual about anything he writes in Shutter Island, save a seamless fifties-era feel and the geographic locations of certain islands off the coast of Massachusetts. Everything else springs fully-formed from the man's demented mind. And it is a true tribute to any author, I think, to be able to say 'this book was predictable, but I kept reading anyway.\\" Yea, I had the plot twist figured out in the first hundred pages. But Dennis Lehane is such a wonderfully readable author that I couldn't have cared less whether I knew what was happening or not. (Warning, any fan of horror will probably get the ending as soon as, or sooner than, I did.) Lehane flirted with his plot twist, in fact it's rather odd that a person who normally writes mystery novels was so blatant with the clues to what was happening; the characters might as well have come out and said it a few times. Which leads me, of course, to the belief that it was all a conscious act. He was letting the reader in on the big joke, too. It's a beautiful thought.<br />U. S. Marshals Teddy Daniels and Chuck Aule are on their way to the mental facility at Shutter Island in order to solve the classic locked-room mystery. A patient, Rachel Solando, has gone missing through a locked door and four manned checkpoints without a trace. Confounding the problem is Teddy's constant idea that folks aren't being completely forthcoming when he questions them.<br />This is, quite simply, great noir. And in the tradition of great noir, you know there's going to be a denouement; no one, as it were, gets out of here alive. (No, that's not a spoiler, it's a figure of speech.) And if you've read any horror novels influenced by noir writers like Chandler and Thompson, you know just where this is going. Perhaps it's that safety that allows the reader to keep going, just as romance readers expect the guy to get the girl in the end. The main part of it, though, is Dennis Lehane's wonderful writing style, pure and simple. The man could keep the pages of the phone book turning.<br />...(continued in the review of The Authenticator)s wonderful writing style, pure and simple. The man could keep the pages of the phone book turning.<br />...(continued in the review of The Authenticator)
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead's OK COMPUTER is often referred to as the band's most &quot;precise&quot; album.  The &quot;Strung Out On OK Computer&quot; -String Quartet Tribute To Radiohead Cd (not made by Radiohead) is the symphonic version of the album (no words). It breaks the music down, allowing one to notice the well composed melodies as they come together to form the elaborate music that (In my opinion), RADIOHEAD has always created!! The KID A album is their most experimental CD.  (EXCELLENT)         &quot;THE BENDS&quot; is in my opinion a slower and more &quot;melodic&quot; album.   The new Cd &quot;HAIL TO THE THIEF&quot; is best explained by kind of comparing it to THE SMASHING PUMPKINS &quot;MELLONCOLLIE AND THE INFINITE SADNESS&quot;. Much like that CD, &quot;HAIL TO THE THIEF&quot; (about half of it) is a collection of sonnett-like songs.  However, the band does spoil their fortunate listeners with their classic, yet innovative songs that I, &quot;Mr. Morgan&quot;, have grown quite fond of. (thank you, KID A.)
0345452577|2.0|I have been rading Jonathan Kellerman's Alex Delaware novels for years and I have really enjoyed them.  I was so disappointed by his new novel The Conspiracy Club.  It moved so slowly it was painful.  There were no interesting characters.  I can't even remember the &quot;hero's&quot; name.  This one wasn't worth the time.  I was glad when it ended.
B000000W5L|5.0|Mick jagger does not like Exile very much. He thinks that this record has not been edited properly. It's too dirty and it should have been cleaned up. He's probably right, but this is probably what makes this album one of the greatest albums in the history of rock.<BR>This album goes deeper into the blues than the Stones'previous three albums (Beggars Banquet, 1968; Let it Bleed, 1969; and Sticky Fingers, 1971). Let it Bleed is profoundly influeced by country music. Sticky Fingers is a statement of what rock is all about. But Exile brings the Stones back to their roots, it briongs them back to the blues. Just listen to Rip this joint, shake your hips, casino boogie, turd on the run, ventilator blues and stop breaking down.<BR>The album is superb. Keith's very inspired. He's playing some of his best riffs-- not only Tumbling Dice and Happy, but also Sould Survivor whose riff resounds in both Undercover (1983) and Dirty Work (1987).<BR>It's really great stuff.
B0001CCXY8|5.0|Thanks to Cannibal Corpse, death metal is still alive and kickin'!  Musically, this is their best yet.  The sound is superb thanks to an all digital recording.  These guys have been together for so long, you can tell how they gel.<br />&quot;If you don't have it, go f'n buy it!&quot;
0385337388|5.0|I read this book in the early 1980's and laughed out loud then. I read it recently and laughed twice as hard. This is a classic!<BR>It kind of makes you want to have day surgery all the time &amp; never spend a night in a hospital!
B0000696I1|2.0|I fell in love with the first two Ninja Turdle movies and I expected to fall in love with the third one as well.Boy was I wrong! What I hate the most about this movie is the animatronics are no where near as good as the first two. There mouths often times move out of sync with their words, and whats the deal with their eyeballs. They look like their about to pop out of their heads, especially Leos. They stupidly went with a company other than Jim Henson Productions.Splinter looks like he's been smokin some of that good stuff!! A lot of the plot elements suck as well.Lets take the scene where Mike rescues Yoshi from the burning house. Wouln't you think they would have bonded after that. Instead he bonded with Ralf. Go figure. The only reason I'd recommend buying this movie is if your a die hard  collector. Otherwise, don't bother.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|This movie is post modernism at its best.  A comedy that is absurdly funny, but essentially goes nowhere.   And that is part of what makes this story great: it is totally believable.  It is a love story that transcends the need to live happily ever after.  You can see the love between Murry's character and Johansson's character, but both realize that their love was wayward and not meant to be.  They were brought together by a Japan inspired insomnia, but their love was based on their extenuating circumstances.<br />And so it is that the least funny part of the entire movie is at the end, when life continues for both characters with a new found sadness over a love that could only remain in the realm of possibility.
0385504209|3.0|The DaVinci Code has a very interesting premise: Art that clues you in on one of the greatest controversial secrets in religious history. A protagonist that is dropped in the middle, and must figure out the puzzle before the bad guys get to it (or him) first.<br />It really is a shame that the deja vu effect never went away. Page by page, the action was almost generic to any other thriller/mystery. The race between the heros and the villans felt drawn-out towards the end, to the point where I had to put the book down before I started screaming for the author to get to the point. In fact, The DaVinci Code follows many of the same turns and twists as Mr. Brown's previous book, Angels and Demons (with Robert Langdon the protagonist for both novels).<br />Was the climax a suprise? If you don't know much about Grail lore, then it might... If you've read all about the Knights Templer and other such historical suppositions, then you'll figure it out long before the characters do. To be fair, Mr. Brown did a lot of research and provided a plausible history; and the story did flow well in the first half of the book. But as the house of cards was built higher, the story fell apart for me.<br />If you really like mysteries and aren't familiar with many of the Grail stories, I would recommend this book. Otherwise, Angels and Demons would be a better read.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|Those that are dissappointed that the trailor music is not on the c.d. take heart.  The trailor music is now available as a download from I-tunes.  Also, due to the popularity of the c.d., the album itself will be available soon as a download I'm told.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|Lost in Translation is a very good film. The Tokyo setting is stunning, and the music (i.e., My Bloody Valentine) perfectly compliments the neon cityscape. Did I mention that Scarlett Johansson (Charlotte) is alone worth the price of admission? Wow, that gorgeous head of redhair...She's beautiful. Bravo Sofia!
B00006879E|5.0|I got this CD over the summer, and it's barely left my CD player since.  They have such a unique sound, which is so refreshing nowadays.  They mix hard electric guitar with Adam Levine's beautiful voice, and the result is unlike anything I've heard before.  Every one of my friends who has heard Maroon 5 in my car has gone out and bought it.  They're addicting!  I would suggest this CD to anybody.
0425107469|5.0|I read this book when it first appeared and it was one novel that stuck in my mind for the glorious story telling and page turning suspense. I have recently re read it and the book still charms, scares and enthralls me for its descriptive prose and just in time heroics. It is one read that is crying out for a well written screenplay and a hollywood blockbusting director to bring to life.
B00005R62K|5.0|stained class is a great record. every song is great and theirs no bad songs to be heard. It starts with the metal classic &quot;Exciter&quot; and never lets up. another classic is Better By you better than me&quot;.  The title track has classic vocals from halford and the second side of the album is classic with &quot;Saints in hell&quot; and &quot;savage&quot; along with one of my favorites &quot;beyond The Relms Of Death&quot;. Stained Class along with &quot;sad wings of Destiny are my favorites by priest.
B00005U8EM|5.0|I'm a die-hard movie junkie and can say without reservation that this movie is among the most hilarious ever made.<br />The very simple story is one where Bill Murray plays a self-consumed, hyper-cynical, and arrogant weatherman with a mean streak who finds himself paying out some sort of karmic debt by having to live through the same day (Groundhog Day) again, and again, and again, and....<br />The phenomenon strikes him with terror (few play &quot;overwhelmed&quot; better than Murray) at first, which is very funny material, but it's when he becomes accustomed to his seeming immortality and liberty from consequence that things really get unbearably funny.<br />This movie is fantastic in that it can be watched casually, as it's chock full of slapstick style entertainment (no offense to Bill Murray, but just looking at his face makes me laugh, great expressions...); but what really endeared this movie to me was the lesson I think is wrapped up in all the humor.  I think the movie is about &quot;appreciation&quot;.  Appreciation for the value of every days potential (I know that sounds cheesy), appreciation for those around you that so easily fall into the background from all the noise of our environment, but most of all, appreciation for the difference between doing the right thing and the wrong thing.  This movie smartly creates a &quot;clean A/B lab&quot;.  In the first lab, you have a bunch of failed attempts to create the perfect day.  And finally, all those attempts are contrasted against the control group...a perfectly lived day, one where all the latent opportunities we don't even see are exploited...<br />And what a difference a day can make.<br />I hope you enjoy as much as I did...
B000000OAN|5.0|Queens &quot;A Night At The Opera&quot; is an amazing piece of work. This album was the album that made them superstars, and after three very strong albums they came back with their fourth amd most brilliant piece of work. freddy mercury was once again on top of his game &quot;Death on two legs&quot; and &quot;lazing on a sunday afternoon&quot; are complete rock opera at it's best. &quot;love of my life&quot; and bo rap are among my favorite songs of all time. brian may had his own gems on this album with the folksy &quot;39&quot; and another one of Queens all time best &quot;The Prophet Song&quot; which has all the Queen tradmarks of rock opera. John Deacon came up with his first top 40 hit with &quot;your my best Friend&quot; and Roger Talyor came up with one of his best &quot;I'm in love with my car&quot;.  Every song on this album is a gem and there's no filler to be found.
0060555661|5.0|Anyone who chooses to comprehend this classic text will without a doubt expand their knowledge within the universe of value investment techniques.  Moreover, in these times of muddled distinction between the investor and speculator, there is no better reason to buy this precious peice of Graham's intellectual genious than now.  For myself, this book was truly the first necessary step to bring the perpetual pernicious chaos of what is convieniently termed speculating, to a more lucid order as I learned the true value of Graham's principles of value investing.  We can all benefit to learn from this book.
B00006F7S4|5.0|This is a remarkable ablum. <BR>I didn't think music like this could be made anymore.<BR>Beck's songwriting has grwon into a fine jewel since Odelay. <BR>This album blew me away when it came out, and it still does. <BR>Deep, rich, Ominous, vast--this album probes deep into the spirit and I think it speaks for what really what lies beneath the surface of the mass psyche at the moment. <BR>All the main ingredients and nuances of great writing and performing are here: orginality, right combination of elements; balance between simplicity and elaborattion; technology and natural instrumentaiton.  <BR>The lyrics can stand on their own even without the incredible music that accompanies.<BR>I'd call this album among the greatest popular music being made in this generation.
0812932293|4.0|The book is brilliant, inspiring yada yada yada. I read the latest edition of this book which included a few pages of pictures at each quarter of the book. The pictures were an essential part of Branson's story as each event, as unbelievable as they sounded, was then driven home by the stunning reality portrayed in the pictures. <br />My only criticism of the book is that after the last chapter Branson has included an Epilogue that spanned the years from around 1997 through to around 2003. I found this addition to the book poorly written and a half hearted attempt from Branson. The events were repetitive and particularly boring. By this stage I found myself completely &quot;Virgined OUT.&quot; If I was to read another word about another Virgin anything, I think I would have screamed!<br />It was delightful to hear about a company growing from nothing into something great. Unfortunately after the Epilogue, I am left with the taste in my mouth that Virgin has become what Branson fought so hard to defeat.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I had not even heard of Firefly when I bought the DVD set, based on my respect for Whedon's other work.  I'm a big fan of Babylon 5 and Farscape, and didn't expect there could be any show out there I would like as much.  Very surprised to find that Firefly was as well-crafted as B5 with all the humor of Farscape.  I have to say this is one of the best SF shows I have seen, and I just can't believe that it was cancelled after only a half season.  Don't know how Fox could have let this one get away, and I'm hoping it will be resurrected on another network or, at least, in a movie or two.<br />This DVD set is the best value I've found.  A great series with unforgettable characters that I grew to care about.  Well worth buying and watching.
B0000DD7LB|2.0|Her Career is over, my friends. She's trying to do her best (and whatever it takes!) to get back in track but she lost it a long time ago. Her 15 minutes of fame are done and gone. That she is a multimillionaire young woman? Yeah, she is. That she still has a big fan audience? Yeah, she has. But that's about it! Her big glitter spotlight splendor is down in flames. Bye, Britney.
B0000024JN|3.0|How about this?  Ad roc's name could really be Rob but added to the b to make it roC and then there's Mike D?  Just a thought. To me this whole rap thing has a short satisfaction life.  I was already back listening to Zeppelin again really soon. Sabbath isn't nearly as great a Zeppelin, though it was a good escape to the Zep-Overplaying that was going on while the whole world was starting to go Beastie/DMC crazy.
B000002RXS|5.0|Now in spite of her 'ugly' voice, and her obvious vocal deterioration, I have yet to find a more compelling or dangerous Carmen. I've since heard Los Angeles, Berganza, Migenes, Baltsa, Bumbry and others. Yet I go back to that 'ugly' voice which brought life to this character of Carmen. The other interpretations are just off the mark, no matter how beautiful vocally. Callas brought Carmen to life. It is so unfortunate that she refused to perform it on stage. If she had chosen it for her comeback in Paris 1965, she might have avoided the Norma fiasco then.
B000005S6B|4.0|I love this cd, I didnt buy it but i listened to it and you know i listen to all differnt kinds of music, but the pogues stand out in my mind because when i was really small i loved that song Fairytale of Newyork its soo full of Hate lol yet those two love each other soo much soo fun i love the whole cd... its great kinda punkish in and 80's version its great buyit
B00005R24K|3.0|A QUICK REVIEW ABOUT THE SOUND.This movie is a horror classic. My review is not about the movie itself. The DVD displays a sharp clear picture for such dated material and cheap production. My main complaint is that this is another one of those many DVD's out there that feature an old movie CLAIMING to have DTS surround sound.First off the movie never had DTS in the theatres, DTS was never used in the sound process in filming the movie besides this DVD's inserting of bogus sound effects and reditributing VERY LITTLE sounds into a faked DTS process.The DTS surround sounds on this one, especially one CLAIMING to have DTS-ES, are just about nothing much.Maybe two or three scences have redistributed sounds in the back &amp; side speakers. I didn't notice much.The sounds quality is not bad, it's just not any form of true DTS surround sound. Most DVD's featuring old movies that never had DTS in the beginning haven't been very good in my opinion.The Dolby Digital EX process is much better when it comes to reproducing and redistributing surround sounds through home theatre sound systems.&quot;The Exorcist (The Version You've Never Seen Before)&quot; was done excellent using the Dolby Digital EX for transfer to DVD.
B0000CFW87|5.0|a lot of us has peppered josh groban with a variety of superlatives ranging from amazing to remarkable, and push people to buying this cd. a lot of us would compare his 2nd album to the first and say that the first one is better. some of us are disappointed at this album and would wonder at the fate of this new boy wonder of voice (as heralded by the ny times). all of us are entitled to their opinion, and i am taking advantage of this feature to comment on the first artist that i listen mostly to: josh groban.<br />i would like to comment that josh groban is here to stay. i would agree to all of you who have said that he is a remarkable talent and a refreshing voice amidst the rap and the noise that is being called pop music. i don't like one album more than the other, on the contrary, i like them equally because they were made with the same passion and love for music even though this cd is much more commercialized than the first one (blame warner on just now realizing what josh can do for them). each cd was made with a certain intention and purpose, the first one was to introduce this talented boy and make him palatable to classical crowd AND to the more contemporary crowd, and this one was to allow him to experiment, explore with music, give something more to his fans and listeners, and also to also follow his dream. <br />given that josh groban is still a young performer, it's not surprising to note that he'd want to relate to a younger crowd first, and yet he also has this great taste in music and the eagerness to share these to younger people. one has got to admire his sensibilities and passion to share and record music in various languages and to revive classic favorites so that they would be embraced by a new, younger crowd. he has brought fine culture to the masses without intimidating them, and i think that classical purists should appreciate his efforts at bringing classical music to the masses and not bash his experimentation, besides, music, after all isever changing and heck, as long as it sounds THIS good, i'd listen to it.<br />all in all, i admire him for making it easy for us to listen to the music that i would normally have to scavenge for. i for one am the type who listen to originals, and sometimes i would get discouraged at how some music are hard to find. i don't think i should say that all of his renditions are better, i just find it equally good and also a new perspective on singing those songs, i believe he doesn't want to make a certain song better and to take credit on making a song better, on the contrary, everything he does is simply in honor and in tribute to them.<br />as for the original songs in this album and the first, i don't think i can imagine another person singing them. i have heard various versions of you're still you and to where you are, but his would still remain the best.<br />he is certainly a gifted man, i only hope for greater things to come in the future for this kind man with an exquisite gift and a charming persona.
B00006LI4S|2.0|As a huge Pink Floyd fan, owning just about everything they have ever done, I anxiously peeled the plastic off of this DVD case and popped in the disc.<br />The whole package seemed to good to be true. David Gilmour, one of the best guitarists ever doing solo accoustic Pink Floyd tunes with a surprise appearance by Rick Wright? how could you lose?<br />As a huge fan of Gilmour and Waters ( I think they both equally made Floyd wat it was), I was all set to really enjoy this DVD.<br />The first thing I noticed is the poor picture quality. It's not very sharp or colorful, unlike Waters In the Flesh DVD, or other concert DVD's. Seocndly, I noticed the sound was rather poor.<br />And I was horrified, absolutely horrified to even consider the thought that Gilmour just didn't sound very good in this, either vocally or with his guitar. I couldn't believe it. It just doesn't sound that good, and Gilmours guitar playing seemed rather boring and uninspired. Has too many years of wine softened his touch? It seemed that way. I was very said to even confront this thought, but it is true.<br />The mix with the band wasn't that great either. A major irritation was DJ Jazzy Jeff on the accoustic bass with his arm flairs and black painted finger nails.<br />The female chellist was incredible, and added much to the show.<BR>However, im not sure the whole mix was very good. The mix of Floyd songs with a gypsy configuration just doesn't pay off. It does not fit well with the Pink Floyd songs. The choir was beautiful, but overdone.<br />the choice of songs were rather boring. The Floyd classics were played poorly, and were uninspired. The two best tunes of the show were Fat Old Sun and Terrpain, the rest was just going through the motions.<br />I was very excited to see the Rick Wright performance, and I have to say I had to change it   midway through. The performance was incredibly sad for a long time Floyd fan who really cherished the band. The Wright performance basically confirms that the band, and it's solo memebers have lost all of their past ability to create and perform with cutting edge style.<br />As a huge Pink Floyd fan, I was horrified to see my hero(s) look so human. The guitar playing seemed week, the performances matching, and the DVD is a very, very dull affair.<br />Unless you are a completist , stay away from this DVD. I cannot honestly and in good faith reccomend it.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|As the title says i am a huge madonna fan. and although i liked britney, madonna ruled over her. so when i heard they were doing a single together i imediatly bought it So i played Me against the music hundreds of times before i decided &quot;Hey let me Check out the rest of the cd.&quot; And boy Was i suprised<br />This cd is one of the best i've ever bought! (besides all madonna cds)) With catchy tunes like Toxic (one of the best songs i've ever heard.  It has a killer beat that reminds me of James Bond music, and the vocals WOW!<BR>Some other standout tracks include &quot;I got that boom boom&quot; (the ying yang twins really spice it up) Brave new girl (really catchy beat) Everytime (Haunting ballad) And Me against the music of course. (especially rishi riches dasi la kutcha remix pardon the spelling.<br />Now every cd has it's flaws and In The Zone is no exception some baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad tracks on this Album are<br />Touch of my hand (one of the most horrible songs created)<BR>Hook up (i surely don't want to hook up with this one)<BR>Breathe on me (simply boring)<br />Overall this cd is worth being put in Your collection BUY IT!
B00005Y1Y3|5.0|Jim, Ray, John and Robbie roll, explore and climax on this recording. Excellent mood setter...sensous delivery...highly recommended if you're a Door's fan and love &quot;this is the best trip; the part I really like,&quot; while understanding the jazz tonality and blues traditions as seamless aparitions that ensconced and nurtured this band to its height. Awesome delivery...and emplifies the lyrics: &quot;take a journey to the bright midnight.&quot; Get it if you get off to this band.
0812550757|5.0|It has been three thousand years since Ender Wiggin defeated the buggers.  Over time the name &quot;Ender&quot; has been transformed from one that was celebrated as a savior of humanity, to one that is universally reviled as responsible for the extermination of an innocent species.  Relativity has left Ender a young 35 year old, wandering the known worlds seeking to release the Hive Queen from her cocoon prison, and with that act his own redemption.  No longer practicing the ways of war which he learned in Battle School, he is now a &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;, telling the stories of the deceased so that those left behind may truly understand the truth of the lives of the departed.  As a &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;, Ender is called to a distant outpost of humanity where he must solve the mystery of the only other sentient race that has been encountered since the Bugger War.<br />Readers of &quot;Ender's Game&quot; expecting more of the same from &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; may be disappointed.  Although &quot;Speaker&quot; is not the same style of story as &quot;Ender's Game&quot;, it is nevertheless the natural sequel.  What Card gives us is a wonderful story about an alien society.  There is emphasis on the friction that naturally arises when different cultures interact, stemming from differing perceptions.  This theme is played out throughout the book in the interactions between not only the humans and alien pequeninos, but amongst the other various characters as well.  Card strives to show us that the we must seek to build relationships based on understanding in order to bridge our differences.<br />While it is not militaristic sci-fi in the mold of &quot;Ender's Game&quot;, &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; is an excellent story in its own right.  If you just can't get enough of Ender, it's definitely worth checking out.
B000002GFC|5.0|Classic British psychedelica - which clearly indicates that some of the lesser known (but still important Cream milestones) are also included. The heavy hitters are also included and the liner notes are interesting. This is a history lesson. I enjoy listening to this era, because I remember this era. Cream may have been groundbreaking, but other outfits were also in contention (i.e. Hendrix, Doors, Stones, Beatles) so the the competition was stiff. That said, one has to realize that this music was introduced during a period when recording engineering was really just coming out of its infancy (when compared to the tools in use today). So, some of the tracks (the early ones) have a cheesy sound. Beatle records of this same period had a much better sound quality due to the fact that the Beatles (corp) was dumping a lot of money into state of the art equipment on which to record... Sgt Peppers was recorded on what... 4 or 8 tracks and THAT was a HUGE step forward technologically. All in all this is a good compilation/retrospect that documents Cream. In that regard it has value. I guess one could say, it's a groovy record... and it did take me back... I started thinking about other groups like Vanilla Fudge, Big Brother, Quicksilver Messenger Service, Moby Grape, and was wondering if it all sound this dated (and yes it did!) oh there were some groups which weighed in heavy, groundbreaking, perhaps the Experience (Hendrix), Cream, Doors but British psychedelica was different than the American version, in some respects a little tamer with only a few exceptions (Hendrix and Cream), the rest of the British scene were hold over &quot;invasion&quot; bands --gettin' heavy-- back then it didn't seem that way, but in retrospect that's what the musical legacy has left the listener with. It was another time, pop bands got groovy and a few newcomers came onto their own or evolved into different groups with much more to say. You have to appreciate that when giving this a listen.
B00000J7J4|5.0|One of the best albums I have EVER heard, probably the best that I own. No matter how long its been since I last heard it, I can put it in my CD player and get right back into the groove of the songs. Smooth is just amazing, Maria Maria has a great urban feel, and the collabos with Everlast, Dave Matthews, and Eric Clapton really work well. I remember when I saw him perform at Jones Beach three summers ago -- this music was great then and its just as good now.
B0000AUHPG|2.0|My opinion obviously differs from many a reviewer here, although I do not stand alone in the ranks. I dig a good western movie - from \\"Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid\\", to \\"The Searchers\\", \\"Tombstone\\", and \\"The Unforgiven\\". Two hours and forty-five minutes of lagging dialog and unseen action. Oh, so slow... oh, the pain. Let the buyer beware - this is an Italian made \\"western\\". While director Sergio Leone may have earned much praise with his Eastwood hits (\\"The Good The Bad & The Ugly\\", \\"A Fistful Of Dollars\\", \\"For A Few Dollars More\\"), he totally misses the boat with \\"Once Upon A Time In The West\\". It's almost like he was trying to be too \\"artsy\\" and over the top here. For example... watch any of the entrances of the actors - they all enter in the same fashion... actor enters, strike the pose, quick trademark camera close-up to the face, eyes scan left, eyes then right, then back again, wait 5 seconds, then camera pans backward to capture the dialogue. Not to mention spending 5 minutes of film centered on a fly buzzing around on a guy's face. Don't let the all-star cast of Henry Fonda, Charles Bronson, and Jason Robards fool you... this was pure drudgery to get through this movie. While the acting was average, everything about the sound was awful. Terrible toy pistols sound effects (not to mention most of the other sound effects); voices are dubbed; orchestra and opera as the sound track just doesn't fit; Bronson and his \\"harmonica\\" were almost maddening together. While Henry Fonda is always a treat to watch, his mind simply seemed elsewhere during the whole of this movie. As far as Fonda's performance... this is not even remotely close to his classic western roles in \\"My Clemintine\\", \\"Ox Bow Incident\\", or \\"Grapes Of Wrath\\". One last slap in the face, I mean footnote... the unknown female actress outside of Italy (Claudia Cardinale) got top billing in this movie... that makes me assume Leone didn't think much of America's Fonda, Robards or Bronson. You've been warned... rent before you purchase.ned... rent before you purchase.
B000001Y79|5.0|Tragic Kingdom is my favorite No Doubt CD. It's what made them big on the music scene. I can listen to the entire CD and I love all of the songs. Favorites inclue Different People, Sunday Morning, and my all-time favorite song, Don't Speak. Don't Speak is my favorite love ballad of all time. Not to mention that Gwen Stefani wrote it herself, based on her brothe leaving the band and breaking up with Tony Kanal, the band's bass guitarist. That just makes it all the more personal and real. Tragic Kingdom is definitely not a CD to overlook.
B000002L7R|5.0|1999 was his first megahit,the PURPLE RAIN soundtrack was his second and the third,was this album. Prince wrote and recorded this album just after the theatrical release of PURPLE RAIN in 1984. It was only the following year this album was released. Did Prince have a contract to fulfill? The word \\"probably\\" answers that question. The biggest hit from the album is RASPBERRY BERET,a song that tells about a guy working in a five and dime store an he meets a young girl wearing a RASPBERRY(red-violet) BERET. The song debuted on the radio in or around June 1985. POP LIFE is another hit. There's also Prince's personal national anthem,AMERICA. He sings,\\"God shed his grace on thee\\",funkily. PAISLEY PARK tells about a miserable widowed woman. That song inspired Prince's personally founded label of the same name,a division of Warner Brothers. CONDITION OF THE HEART is an easy listening track despite it contains some of Prince's instinctive screaming. TAMBOURINE has Prince squeaking like a mouse in parts. THE LADDER and TEMPTATION are cool. The title track kicks butt also. After this album was released,Prince would film his second and most recent movie,\\"Under The Cherry Moon\\". Also,his albums following this one including the UNDER THE CHERRY MOON soundtrack,would have not-so-high sales records.
B00005JM02|4.0|Finding Nemmo recently one an Oscar for Best Animated Feature, which I think it deserves (let's just be glad that Lord of the Rings wasn't nominated- or else they would have one Ugh) It's a beautiful movie that takes place in Australia, in the Great Barrier Reef, and in Sydney. We follow, Marlin, searching for his only son, Nemo, who ends up in a fish tank in a dentists's office, about to become the gift of a destructive little girl Marlin meets many memorable characters along the way, including turtles, Dory, and sharks recovering from eating fish. My favorite character of all the ones that he meets is Dory. Ellen DeGeneres is perfect for Dory's voice, and Dory is a laugh out loud charcter. She suffers from a bad short term memor. So she'll meet Marlin and then soon forget who the heck he is. She also has many of the most memorable lines of the movie (Just keep swimming, E-S-C-A-P-E funny it's spelled just like escape) The only thing that I don't like about the movie is it's length, it got to be pretty long at parts. But it is a movie that I think will always be remembered, not only for it;s beautiful animation, but also for it's plot.
B000002BVN|5.0|Nearly 2 years after the release of HISTORY BOOK I,PAST PRESENT AND FUTURE,BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR was released with re-use of 8 original HISTORY tracks. Those tracks would appear on this album in dance mix form. SCREAM is a duet between the King Of Pop and his sister Janet Jackson. I like the sound of HISTORY,STRANGER IN MOSCOW and 2 BAD. THIS TIME AROUND,YOU ARE NOT ALONE,EARTH SONG and MONEY are very cool. The title track tells about a murderess named Susie. MORPHINE really rocks. IS IT SCARY? and GHOSTS are ideal for Halloween. SUPERFLY SISTER is pretty cool also.
B00005QDW1|5.0|Let me just start with, I am a huge fan of NO Doubt. I love all of their CDs, though I haven't herard their first one, but based on the reviews I'm not planning on it. Yes, true, Rock Steady is a different CD then Tragic Kingdoma and Return of Saturn. But come on people, do you really expect a band to remain the same after 15+ years of being together? It would be rather boring if they did. This CD shows that tey probably were inspired by some Jamaican reggae beats, but did not stray too far away from their roots. No Doubt is one of the bands that I can listen to the songs from beginning to end, without pressing the skip button. Some of my favorite songs include Running, Detective, and Don't Let Me Down. No Doubt also writes their own songs. I always show a lot of respect for that, and I also know that the songs came from the heart, and based on real feelings Gwen Stefani feels or other members of the band. So overall, No Doubt has not disappointed me yet.
B000002L9W|4.0|EAT 'EM AND SMILE,I believe is supposed to be a parody of the old saying &quot;Read 'em and weep&quot;. David Lee Roth's new back-up band,sounds nothing like Van Halen. This album is Roth's second,the follow-up to CRAZY FROM THE HEAT which only had 4 songs. This album is on the Warner Brothers label,as are CRAZY FROM THE HEAT and Roth's Van Halen predecessors. This album features a cover of THAT'S LIFE,which was a hit for the late great Frank Sinatra and also has the sound of a brass ensemble like the one(s) who worked with Sinatra. TOBACCO ROAD is a country classic,written by John D. Loudermilk,and was previously recorded by other artists including Bobbie Gentry. The longest track is LADIES' NIGHT IN BUFFALO,timed at 4 minutes and 8 seconds according to the abum info. YANKEE ROSE and GOIN' CRAZY are hits. I'M EASY also has the Frank Sinatra style.
B0000UHFC6|5.0|I never would have eaven thought of getting this album until I saw the Oscars last night and from just hearing the tunes they played for the film made me want to get it. Besides it is the best movie I have ever seen and I am a big fan of LOTR.
B0000026WD|5.0|THRILLER was first,BAD was second and this one,DANGEROUS,was the King Of Pop's third megahit. This album was released in 1991 with a limited quantity of LP copies. How weird the concept of the cover is. A dog as a king on a throne dressed in of course,royal attire. This album would remain on the charts through early 1993. JAM,the first track on this album is in some ways associated with basketball. The rap lyrics were spoken by basketball great Shaquille O'Neal. IN THE CLOSET was a hit but did not appear on HISTORY BOOK I,PAST PRESENT AND FUTURE in '95. REMEMBER THE TIME,BLACK OR WHITE and HEAL THE WORLD were hits also,all of them appearing on HISTORY. Other hits are WHO IS IT?,the very last hit in early '93, and WILL YOU BE THERE? which would become the theme for the movie &quot;Free Willy&quot; the same year. GIVE IN TO ME features Guns 'N Roses' Saul &quot;Slash&quot; Huson,playing electric guitar. The title track is cool. All the other songs are good. Total playing time for this CD is 77 minutes and 8 seconds.
B0001611DI|5.0|What can be said that hasn't been already.  This is the continuation of a genre setting, cinematic vision created by George Romero.  The non-voodoo walking dead did not exist (Plan 9 excepted) like this before George Romero made these movies.  Also please remember, these are independent films, Hollywood had no input.  Technically speaking Day of the Dead is better but this one is the fan favorite and rightly so.  Even through the cheesy blue make-up Romero's direction of the Undead extras sells this movie.  Admittedly after years of watching I catch myself chuckling at the \\"zombie blue\\" but am soon immersed in their believability and wince everytime Roger is hotwiring a vehicle and the undead are lurking around grasping for his flesh.  I always root for Fran, Peter, Roger and even brain dead Steven although I know the outcome.  I feel Peter's pain and conflict in the end and would have accepted either of his solutions, even if Fran would have been worse off if he chose the other.  If you are a Horror fan, this film is to be relished.  A triumph of moviemaking because despite it's techinical shortcomings it unflinchingly puts the horror of the situation on display.  A powerful metaphor against \\"consume\\"rism.
B000002L68|5.0|Prince broke into Hollywood in late 1983 or early 1984,making his starring debut. PURPLE RAIN,the movie soundtrack,is Prince's second megahit album. His first megahit was 1999,released in late 1982. Again,he uses numbers and single letters in place of homonyms. One example is I WOULD DIE 4 U(for you). Another is TAKE ME WITH U. This sure occupies less space,though. LET'S GO CRAZY,WHEN DOVES CRY and the heavy metal title track are hits also. Mariah Carey later covered THE BEAUTIFUL ONES on her BUTTERFLY album in 1997. Her version is slightly slower than the one on this album. The front cover features Prince on a motorcycle and behind him is his co-star Apollonia Kotero who played his girlfriend. This album is on the Warner Bros. label and the movie was made by the same company. After this album,Prince recorded his AROUND THE WORLD IN A DAY album and did his second and most recent film,UNDER THE CHERRY MOON. That movie would be filmed in black and white as it was set in the 1930's when B&amp;W was very common. Of course,there was a soundtrack album also. PURPLE RAIN,the movie,was one of 1984's biggest films. It grossed about $5,000,000 at the box office!
B00006LLLN|5.0|I had the chance to see Alison Krauss and Union Station in concert December 5 of 2003, and I was just amazed by them. Union Station played exceptionally and Alison Krauss's vocals were flawless. She sounds better live than in the studio, I think.<br />This live album is amazing. It's one CD case with two CD's in it, the first featuring 13 songs, the second featuring 12. I recently wrote a review for the DVD of the concert of this LIVE CD awhile ago and after seeing Alison Krauss perform on the Oscars last night, I figured I'd give this LIVE CD a little review. Wasn't she something folks? She did great on the two Cold Mountain songs &quot;You Will Be My Ain True Love&quot; and &quot;Scarlet Tide&quot;, and I notice, the Cold Mountain soundtrack is doing nicely in sales after the Oscars.<br />Alison Krauss has the voice of an angel and it really amazes me how well she performs live. She doesn't need to lip-synch like many of today's artists, and she sounds a lot better live other than just being in the studio. This LIVE CD featured some of their most popular hits and some not so popular, but still adored by the many fans who have followed her and Union Station for years.<br />If you want beautiful Bluegrass music, this CD is the one for you.
B000002KY8|5.0|1999 was released in late 1982. This was Prince's first megahit. He recorded two or three albums before this one starting in the late 70's. The album opens with the spoken words,\\"Don't worry,I won't hurt you. I only want you to have some fun!\\". These words were spoken by an unknown man. The first track,the title track,was the first single from this album. LITTLE RED CORVETTE followed. DELIRIOUS was a hit also,later becoming the theme for the movie of the same title starring the late great John Candy. D.M.S.R. stands for dance,music,sex,(and)romance. ALL THE CRITICS LOVE U IN NEW YORK is odd in the aspect of the title because the single letter was used in stead of the word \\"you\\". Great album,though.
055347359X|2.0|The fact that I had to read it for class did not help me appreciate this book.  I did not like the main character, Jonas, or any of the other characters.  I was utterly bored, even with the few interesting pages this book provided.  I did appreciate the messages that (my class and) I got out of this book (such as how differences are important).   The ending, though some may enjoy being able to make up their own, annoyed me.  I had many unanswered questions by the end of the book.  It bothered me that Jonas, knowing the cruelty of his lifestyle and that there was a better place, would leave his impressionable sister there.  Jonas is willing to save the baby, but not his own sister?  Having read The Outsiders the year before (which I had enjoyed immensely) I had high hopes for this book.  Reading this book made me return to my previous opinion that the teachers who choose which books the class is to read enjoy torturing their students.
0385504209|1.0|ridiculous story/plot, do not understand what all the fuss was a about.  i would not recommend davinci code to anyone
B000005RT8|4.0|'McCartney II' has never been a popular album.  Most people view it as a failed experiment or a mere oddity.  However, fans of 80s retro music and synth-pop are re-discovering this album all over again (some for the first time ever).  In 2003, &quot;Temporary Secretary,&quot; was chosen for inclusion on a European compilation of 80s dance music called 'A Secret History,' proving that Paul was right up there all along with a wink.  <br />As a previous reviewer pointed out, one shouldn't expect mainstream McCartney (i.e. &quot;My Love&quot;), when listening to 'McCartney II.'  This is Paul in his experimental mode, having a blast with synthesizers and creating some funky tracks like &quot;Darkroom,&quot; and &quot;Frozen Jap.&quot;  There's also &quot;Waterfalls&quot; -- one of his most underrated ballads, and &quot;One of These Days&quot; which is simply profound.  &quot;Summer's Day Song&quot; recalls both &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; and &quot;Spider and I,&quot; -- a track from Brian Eno's 'Before and After Science' album.<br />The ultimate highlight for me is one of the bonus tracks, the 10 minute &quot;Secret Friend,&quot; which is a hypnotic and dreamy ride into the unknown.  It's one of my all-time favorite McCartney tracks, just because it's so unlike anything else he's ever done.<br />Recommended for open-minded Beatles or McCartney fans, or anyone who likes retro synth-pop or ambient music.
B000002H6C|5.0|And justice is an incredible album, possibly the best. Absolutly amazing songs and alot of my favorties.<br />One is truely a great song, written with inspiration from the movie &quot;johnny got his gun&quot; is about a soldir wounded by landmine and in vegitative state and trapped in his mind and living through endless torment. Incredible musical songwriting.<br />To live is to die is a tribute to Cliff Burton, former bassist killed in a tour bus accident. This song is full of emotions and seems to be what metallica poured there grief into. Amazing song.<br />And justice for all is the title track and it does not disapoint, very creative riffs and great lyrics. this whole album rocks, every song rules. go pick it up.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Okay, &quot;As I Am&quot; is trying to be a *little* mainstream, but I don't think DT will ever achieve the point of heavy metal or pop.  Overall, this album is kickass, and definitely a must have for every DT fan.
B000059TFO|5.0|Of all the films that have come out on the subject of racial problems, this film is at the top of my list. Maybe that's why I bought it on dvd. Hat's off to Gene Hackman and Willem Dafoe on their performances in this great film. I highly recommend you get on dvd, if you haven't already!
B0000DD7LB|1.0|Britney Spears is a pop idol... what has music become?  We all know that Jive Records employs other people to write hit songs, with the aim of making money off the record...what does Britney Spears get?  --More money.  Britney Spears exemplifies how superficial and empty music has become.  Listen to real, honest music, not what &quot;corporations&quot; want you to buy.
B00000JLWW|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this movie. There's a good reason why it was so successful in the theaters. I'm proud to own it on dvd, like a lot of other people, i'm sure! If you've never seen this great epic of a film, you must be living under a rock somewhere or something. Hat's off to all the actors in this masterpiece!
B00018TI5E|5.0|I've listened most of the album on real player, and I think it should appeal to most of John's old Niandra fans, as well as RHCP fans.  To make it clear - Chad Smith plays drums on all tracks that have drums in them (someone in another review said there were spooky drum machines).
0529007762|4.0|This is a cute story about a caterpillar who spends his week eating his way through fruits and other foods.  At the end of the week he spins a cocoon and turns into a butterfly.  The book is not scary at all.  It introduces readers to the days of the week.  Unfortunately, the book isn't exactly accurate about the diet of caterpillars, since it shows the caterpillar eating salami and ice cream.  But you allow Carle to be creative with his caterpillar diet, it's worth the fun.  The page for each day of the week is a different size, and they all have holes in them, adding a multimedia dimension to the book.  All together, the book has about 200 words.
B0001ADB8C|4.0|I am happy the Dark Horse albums have been re-released. But,I wonder too about the absence of the Best Of Dark Horse. And there were songs that could have been bonus tracks on the CDs. How about &quot;I Don't Want To Do It?&quot; along with &quot;Cheer Down&quot;. It would have been nice to see &quot;Dera Duhn&quot; <br />Its nice to see the videos again, and we can hope that the Live In Japan concert will make it to DVD some day, along with the Beatles Shea Concert and a remastered Let it Be DVD.<br />Amazon's shipping gets a big applause. With delivery track I was able to see just when it was going to be delivered (The day - not the time) and insure someone was home to sign for it. And they had the best price that I was able to find. Thanks Amazon.
0590431196|5.0|This is a cute story about a spider who drops in on a farm.  All the farm animals greet her and invite her to play.  But the spider spends the day building her web instead.  The book is fun and informative, and not at all scary.  The pages are doubled so they are easy to turn, but be careful, because inquisitive little fingers may reach inside the pages and rip them.  The book has about 350 words.
0440237688|4.0|The Giver is a great novel that makes you think.  Have you ever wished the world could be rid of all the pain and suffering we all must live through?  A world without warfare and poverty would be perfect...and it seemed so to Jonas and everyone else in his community.  Jonas was happy, until he slowly learns that living in a world where everyone is equal is not worth what they are sacrificing.  Without hurricanes there is no sunlight, and without hate there is no love.  He learns ignorance is not bliss and he does not live in a perfect world after all. This book takes you into this \\"perfect world\\" and then into Jonas's new one.  It is both a page turner and thought-provoking.
B000000OSG|1.0|Not only should this album have been combined with use your illusion 1, this band sucks with a passion. you would be wasting your money buying anything from this band, as their are many other bands with actual talent that dont reign untriumphantly like this. I would instead recommend you buy something from Justin Timberlake(who is insanely crappy, but isnt as crappy as this band).
B00000J8EK|4.0|I am not what I would call a big Chemical Brothers fan but I do enjoy quite a few of their songs like &quot;Setting Sun&quot; and &quot;Star Guitar&quot;. As big of a techno fan that I am, I am just not wild over big beat music like The Chemical Brothers and Fatboy Slim. THe only Chemical Brothers cd I do own is &quot;Surrender&quot; (I sold the group's singles compilation and their last studio album &quot;Come With Us&quot; awhile back). I bought &quot;Surrender&quot; a few years ago because I just loved the psychedelic track &quot;Let Forever Be&quot;. The music on &quot;Surrender&quot; would be ideal music for a video game. It is an eclectic mix of rock, techno, house, and funk music. I thought it was real interesting that Tom Rowlands and Ed Simons would sample a Missy Elliot/Timberland track on the first song which came from the Nicole song &quot;Make It Hot&quot; according to credits. Noel Gallagher comes back for a repeat performance on &quot;Orange Wedge&quot;. Personally I liked his collaboration on &quot;Setting Sun&quot; just a wee bit more. Mazzy Star's Hope Sandoval also makes a guest appearance on &quot;Asleep From Day&quot;, one of my favorite songs on the cd. That, &quot;Let Forever Be&quot; and &quot;Out of Control&quot; are my personal favorite songs on &quot;Surrender&quot;. The production on the album is very raw and unpolished. It doesn't sound slick and overproduced like on a lot of albums in this sort of genre of music. Overall, I have to say &quot;Surrender&quot; is one of the better breakbeat cds that I have heard over the years. It is very consistent and there was not one song on the cd I did not like.
B00005PJ8O|5.0|After watching Patton I have come to the conclusion that there has never been a war movie quite like it.  It is not just a war movie, but also an extraordinary character study.  20th Century Fox came up with a \\"mixed bag\\" of terrific movie talents(Frank Schaffner, Frank McCarthy, Francis Ford Coppola, to name a few) for this film, and each contributed their skills, but none of them contributed more than George C. Scott.  His electrifying, believable performance in the title role was, in my opinion, the greatest I have ever seen in any film.  Karl Malden was cast as General Omar Bradley, and he doesn't disappoint either.  Although his performance wasn't nearly as good as Scott's, he does quite good as Patton's character foil; quiet and more cautious.  The DVD presents Patton with style; Jerry Goldsmith's musical score is still first-rate, and the scenery(with the help of the Dimension-150 camera)is something to behold.  If you get the two-disk edition, however, it has a documentary with interviews on people involved in the movie.  Do yourself a favor and fast-forward through the interview with Oliver Stone.  He's got better things to say than what he says in the documentary.  All in all, Patton is a one-of-a-kind war epic that was certainly worthy of the eight Academy Awards it won.  Incredible!
0792835085|4.0|Eleven years before THE TERMINATOR and twenty years before Crichton's own JURRASSIC PARK, Mike wrote and directed this film about a futuristic theme park, Delos, based on three different historical periods staffed by robots who look human and are controlled by a central computer where guests can come and role play. The company tries to assure everyone that \\"Nothing can go wrong\\", almost as if they thought that if they felt everyone needed reassuring or that if they insisted everything would run smoothly, it would. (Say, when's the last time you ever heard of a real life amusement park promoting a tagline like,\\"Nothing can go wrong\\", or,\\"Customers NEVER die on any of our rides!\\"?) It's since become a cliche' where in movies a scientist tells every one nothing can go wrong with his creation and then inevitably, as with the Titanic, the ship that everyone said was unsinkable, something goes wrong. (See CHOPPING MALL, for example.) <br />Anyway...as for the film's story, it focuses on two tourists in particular, two chums, one who has been to Delos before, to it's Westernworld section, and who is taking his pal Richard, who was just in a messy divorce, to Westernworld in an effort to help his friend forget his toubles. For the first couple of days, everything's well and good. Richard wins a gun duel against Westernworld's resident villain, a robot gunslinger dressed, of course, in black. (The guns have sensors built in them so as not to fire if they detect the heat humans give out.) The two friends get involved in a staged barfight, they get to have sex with some of the local female 'bots, and then at one point Richard get put in the town jail and it's up to his friend James and a female android to bust him out. Oh, and by the way, every once in a while we switch to Medievalworld where another guest is staying and we see some of his experiences as well. Meanwhile in the control room problems are arrising. Malfuncions are occuring in the computer and the techs are reallyworried, to the point where they decide not to let in any new guests, at least until they can get the problems fixed. (But they don't send anyone who's already come to the park home early.) James and Richard are startled when one of them is bitten by a snake while just outside of town. The snake is artificial and so is not poisonous, but it's not supposed to bite people, ethier. The guy in Medievalworld is refused sex by a female droid, even though the robots are supposed to provide sex whenever the request is made. Then James and Richard meet up with the gunslinger in black again. Except this time his malfunctioning has made him forget he's supposed to let the tourists win. And the heat sensor in his gun is apparently also malfunctioning<BR>...<br />I suspect Crichton might have been inspired by some of the problems the makers of Disneyland experienced early on with mechanical malfunctions. Another really noteworthy thing about this one is that even though it's set in the future, the characters are average Joe types. They're not a bunch of astronaughts or science intellectuals or philosophers. They're people just like you and me, people who marry and divorce. They aren't here to unlock the secrets of the universe or explore new worlds, they're just a bunch of everymen who happen to live in (presumably) the mid-21st. century, who just want to go on vacation. The world they live in looks like one we might live in now if only technology were a lot more advanced, the news report and the Delos advertisements look and feel like something you might see today. A true classic.
0385504209|4.0|The Davinci Code is a damn good novel, but I felt there were holes in the plot, but it was still a damn good novel. Now everyone and their mother has heard about The Davinci Code, and now I am not going to spoil it, but I am going to talk about some of the good points and bad points in this novel.<br /> The novel starts out with a murder by an albano man inside a Paris museum. Now Robert Landgon, a lecturer and a writer who wrote a novel based on Davici's paintings is then called in by the French police since he was supposed to be the last person to see Robert Landgon alive. So they take him to the murder scene, and a French dectective named Falis starts asking him questions about the murder, but what Robert does not know that he is considered a suspect in the murder of Jaques (the man who was murdered). So now comes in Sophie, a cryptologist which someone left a code, and she can not figure it out, but she has a hinch about it. So now, she tells Robert that they are tracking him and that they have him as a prime suspect. So now as a way to escape, Robert and Sophie throw out the GPS tracking device out the window into this passing truck, and the French Police go after of what they think is Landon. So now as they escape, things start to unravel in this tale. As they move forward, it turns out that Landon finds out that Sophie's grandfather Jaques (who was murdered) because he was in a secret society which they know where the holy grail rests! So now, they find this poem that links to where they can find the grail. Now, they head to the country side of France to a good friend of Robert's. He then tells him that in the secret society; Sir Issac Newton, Victor Hugo, and Leonarado DaVinci along with Sophie's grandfather Jaques. Sophie then figues out the code where her grandfather left her on the floor. It turns out that it is the bank code in this bank vault in a Swedish bank. So they get the rosewood box which would lead them to the holy grail. So now, as the story moves around, it gets good, but by the end, it just falls flat.<br />I am not going to spoil the end because I want people to make their own decision. So if you want to read it, then read it, but read it with a open mind because some of the things in this book are going to think, and maybe even mad at Dan Brown for saying some things. Good, but I have read better thrillers with better endings: The Sum Of All Fears by Tom Clancy is one of them.es around, it gets good, but by the end, it just falls flat. <br />I am not going to spoil the end because I want people to make their own decision. So if you want to read it, then read it, but read it with a open mind because some of the things in this book are going to think, and maybe even mad at Dan Brown for saying some things. Good, but I have read better thrillers with better endings: The Sum Of All Fears by Tom Clancy is one of them.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|There is critism of this band because they do not stick to a genre, hence the THIS IS NOT METAL, THIS IS NOT PUNK, etc. reviews. So what? This is a perfect combination of various genres with lyrics that actually mean something. Guitars are supremely solid all the way through. The lead guitar always manages to excite with various riffs inspired by the likes of Maiden and Bad Religion. Drums ROCK, best drumming i've heard with the exception of the guy from As i Lay Dying. Vocals range from beautifully sung melodies to painful growls. M. Shadows vocals really improved on this albumn, especially the singing. To keep it short, there is not one bad song on this CD. There is one filler, a short intro, but it's quite excusable. Overall, this is probably my favorite CD i own, and hopefully it's a small hint at great things to come.
0613222407|5.0|Rainbox Six is a damn good novel. Sure Clancy messed up on some things; (like when he called latin women latino. No, they are called Latina's, men are called Latino), and definitely when Clancy refer's to the English as &quot;chap's&quot; no, they call each other &quot;mates&quot;. The book starts out great: a high-jacking of a plane. The book stars John Clark: Ex-Navy SEAL and former CIA agent. He leaves the CIA to head to England and start a secret anti-terrorist organization called RAINBOW. Along side is his partner in crime Domingo Chavez (who from previous novels have done some things most men like myself dream about), so now as they get down the terrorist, they then set up shop, and they are headed to their first mission; a bank robbery gone bad in Switzerland. RAINBOW is made up of the best of the best; they come from Germany, France, England, and the U.S. So then the team gets there, they kill the terrorist and they go home and train some more. <BR> Now in America, a team of scientist are working on a virus which they want to wipe out human existence for good so that mother earth can repair herself from human destruction. Now comes in former KGB agent Popov. He see's what RAINBOW can do, and is very interesting on how they plan and move with stealth precision and able to get the job done. Eventually they are called to more jobs; terrorist take over a theme park killing a disabled child, and terrorist invade the house of a important diplomact in Romania. Eventually the tree-huggers kill enough people to see if the virus works; it does. So now, in order for it to do it dirty work, they send it to Australia which they have the maintenance guys installing a cooling system there so that the virus can spread and they can pass it. So now, they find out who did this, and while before this is happening, terrorist take out a London hospital where Sandy (John's wife) and Patsey Chavez (Ding's wife) are doctors there, and Patsey is pregnant with Ding's child. So now, Ding use's his street mentality on one of the terrorist and he cracks. So now, as Popov finds out what the scientist are doing since he knows one of the men in charge, he then escapes and tells the U.S. government what is going on, and it goes back to RAINBOW. They then find out where they went: the Amazon jungle. So now RAINBOW heads there, and takes them out. <br />the novel is good, but some people might not like it because it has a lot of action, and some people might find the ending boring, but so what? It is good, so to all the haters out there, dont hate on Clancy, only hate him for writing Red Rabbit and The Teeth Of The Tiger.
0140177396|4.0|Online book review <BR>By Phil Casper<BR>\\"tell me like you done before\\" Lennie  always asked george about the rabbits.<BR>George always tells him the storry guys like us, that work on ranches are the loneliest guys in the  world. They got no gamily. They don't belong to no place they come to a ranch an' work up a stake and then they go inta town and blow their stake, and the first thing you know they're poundin' their tail on some other ranch. They ain't got nothing to look ahead to. With us it ain't like  that we got a future. We got somebody to talk to and gives a damn about us. We don't have to sit in no bar room blowin' in our jack jus' because we got no place else to go. If them other guys gets in jail they can rot for all anybody gives a damn. But not us.<BR>George the guy that is sort of the brains of the stuff that goes on and is a good guy...<BR>Lennie isen't the smartest person ever but he is a good worker and a good guy just dosen't know whats going on sometimes. This story takes place at the new ranch that lennie and george are going to I am not exactly sure when it happens though.  the problem is that curly wants to beat up lennie and george dosent like it. Sort of at the end lennie has a pup and he accidentally kills it and curly's wife on accident and george and lennie goes to the spot george told him to go to when he is in trouble to find out what happens at the end of the story you must read to find out.
0385504209|5.0|This novel was phenomenal!  The plot was believable and the characters were great.  Dan Brown takes you on a journey through time and codes, art and history, to reveal lost secrets of Da Vinci and the Holy Grail.  This book has more excitement than you can shake a stick at, and you won't be able to put it down, I guarantee it!
6305603847|5.0|Any news of the possiblity of the 1980-1981 Wall live performance may ever come to DVD? Apparently, the video exists somewhere and the audio that we all heard a few years ago in &quot;Is there anybody out there?&quot; is excellent.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|I put Erykah Badu in a category of artists whose music I will go out and buy without even hearing a song first.  I usually download albums, then go out and buy them if they don't suck.  But I don't have to hear Erykah's work first, I just buy it.  She doesn't disappoint and that seems to be the case with her 4th album.  Worldwide Underground doesn't contain a single bad song on it.<br />1) World Keeps On Turnin' (Intro) - Self Explanatory.....it's an intro.  Who rates skits and interludes anyway?<br />2) Bump It - Just one of those feel good songs.  I love it.<br />3) Back In The Day (Puff) - Great song about how her and some homies used to puff weed back in the day.<br />4) I Want You - No meaning to this song...it goes from here to there with no real focal point.  But the beat is hot.<br />5) Woo - No real point to this song, it's like something the band plays during an intermission.....but the beat is one of the best beats on the album.<br />6) The Grind feat. Dead Prez - Okay, I'm a huge Dead Prez fan, so I may be a little biased.  But this is one of the hottest songs on the album.  They have a way of narrorating the struggle without making it seem stale.  Great song.<br />7) Danger - The story of a woman that will ride for her man through thick and thin.  Again, she does it without making it seem like a stale topic.<br />8) Think Twice - She breaks right into this song without missing a beat as she speaks on her fear to commit.  Again, the beat is hot.  Great theme.<br />9) Love of My Life Worldwide - She shot a brick on this one.  The theme is getting tired, but I like the beat.  What makes it bad is Angie Stone trying to relive her rapping days, Queen Latifah proving that she's washed up, and Bahamadia spittin' her \\"What in the world did she just say?\\" lyrics.  Don't get me wrong, I love Bahamadia, but she just didn't fit here.  This song may be the only hiccup on the entire album because the theme is being run into the ground.....i.e. Erykah and Common's song \\"Love of My Life (An Ode To Hip Hop), as well as songs from Common \\"I Used To Love H.E.R.\\" and The Roots \\"Act Too (Love Of My Life)\\".<br />10) World Keeps Turnin' (Outro) - See \\"World Keeps Turnin' (Intro)<br />Overall though, the album doesn't have any real structure, it's more like a 50 minute jam session.  But it's definitely worth the money.  Again, she doesn't disappoint.g \\"Love of My Life (An Ode To Hip Hop), as well as songs from Common \\"I Used To Love H.E.R.\\" and The Roots \\"Act Too (Love Of My Life)\\".  <br />10) World Keeps Turnin' (Outro) - See \\"World Keeps Turnin' (Intro)<br />Overall though, the album doesn't have any real structure, it's more like a 50 minute jam session.  But it's definitely worth the money.  Again, she doesn't disappoint.
B0000009N1|5.0|Much has been written about this recording,as  there are now OVER 70 reviews after these words appear on Amazon.<br /><br />  I decided to write  this review in prelude to  reviews of recordings made of Frank Zappa compositions by others since his death I will write in the spirit of remembering this is 10 years since FZ's passing from the earth of his &quot;mortal coil&quot;.<br />Of course, to say, the musics live on is cliche!<br />  In recent years, most notable are the &quot;Big Band&quot; recordings of Ed Palermo and French crazylocos Le Bocal and  also the &quot;modern musics&quot; (I hesitate to use the word &quot;classical&quot;) Of the Ensemble Modern and Grupo Ambrosius. Some of the ex-Mothers make some nice noise also!<br />  The reason I write is because I believe this recording was a &quot;bridge&quot; for (if I can paint in black and white only for a minute) the Zappatistas who came to Frank's musics from the &quot;rock musics&quot; perspective , and those who came from more jazz/classical/avant-guarde. even &quot;dadaista&quot; persuasions.<br /> To veer the path a moment, the recordings of Zappa's &quot;Hot Rats&quot; are now avaliable as<br />~the existing CD, and<br />~the &quot;original mix&quot; from the disc recorded  so long ago.<br />  That Zappa remixed his great work, well ..<br /> I only wish that BOTH versions were avaliable on the CD , and possible some day they will is at least a &quot;dream&quot;.<br />  I think it would be fair to the compositions ,as there are moments in both recordings that add and detract from the original and remixed versions.(IMO, the original mix is more subtle, for the record).<br />  Back to my original thought,<br />Zappa's most &quot;jazzistic&quot; compositions &quot;Little Umbrellas&quot;, &quot;It Must Be A Camel&quot;, and the (finally!) much heralded &quot;Peaches en Regalia&quot;  Are side to side with the rock/fusion musician's dream tunes, &quot;Willie the Pimp&quot; and &quot;The Gumbo Variations&quot;.<br />And &quot;Son of Mr Green Genes&quot; is , of course , one of MANY FZ 's recycled melodies , simple but with the underlying harmonic structure giving it compositional &quot;depth&quot;, not to mention the joking, quase-surreal&quot; lyrics.<br />  Judging from the recent recordings , by musicians of the same &quot;1st division&quot; high caliber talent, the reason their efforts are so interesting is that they keep the Zappa spirit of the musical &quot;polyglot&quot; alive.<br />  The &quot;jazz &quot; compositions have the urgency of &quot;rockmusics&quot;, and the rockmusics compositions an underlying sofistication associated with jazz/classical musics.<br />  So I suppose to overdo it and proclaim,<br />10000000 stars for this recording, much has already been said. And to compel Zappatistas everywhere to find these &quot;tribute&quot; recordings, either on your own, or to look for some of my reviews on those recordings here at Amazon also in coming days.;.<br />And &quot;Son of Mr Green Genes&quot; is , of course , one of MANY FZ 's recycled melodies , simple but with the underlying harmonic structure giving it compositional &quot;depth&quot;, not to mention the joking, quase-surreal&quot; lyrics.<br />  Judging from the recent recordings , by musicians of the same &quot;1st division&quot; high caliber talent, the reason their efforts are so interesting is that they keep the Zappa spirit of the musical &quot;polyglot&quot; alive.<br />   The &quot;jazz &quot; compositions have the urgency of &quot;rockmusics&quot;, and the rockmusics compositions an underlying sofistication associated with jazz/classical musics.<br />  So I suppose to overdo it and proclaim, <BR>10000000 stars for this recording, much has already been said. And to compel Zappatistas everywhere to find these &quot;tribute&quot; recordings, either on your own, or to look for some of my reviews on those recordings here at Amazon also in coming days.
0385504209|1.0|Umberto Eco dumbed down for the culturally illiterate American masses: drivel.
0385510438|4.0|Great book.  Indeed the story is about the town of Clanton,Mississippi seen through the eyes of a liberal Yankee newspaper editor. You'll enjoy reading the book if you like reading about small town Southern culture.  Not Grisham's very best but still a very good book.  He does well painting pictures of small town life and the dynamics among the groups in those towns.  Keep it up Grisham!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Firstly you may see that there are A LOT of reviews already, secondly you may see that this film film averages 3 stars. Let me tell you why. You will either love this film or you will hate it. Its that simple. The 3 stars represent NOT an average film but one that draws 2 types of equally powerful reaction. I happened to love it.<br />The simple truth is you have to watch it. Do not let the myriad of peoples opinions influence this one fact.<br />If you hate it, so be it, but there is a chance you will not. And that is when the magic will happen. <br />You will find yourself swept away with the emotions of the protaganists, finding yourself lost in translation. You will explore with them, the city and yourself. There are some gorgeous scenes in this film, as well as some gorgeous moments of intimacy.<br />I would definitely say though, judge it for yourself. If you do not want to risk buying it, please rent it. But do see it.
B000078DOI|5.0|One of the best. The best being Blood Sugar Sex Magic, followed by Californication, then By the Way, and One Hot Minute. First album with John Frusciante, my all time favorite guitarist. Some of the best tracks being Taste the Pain, Knock Me Down,and the classic Stevie Wonder tune Higher Ground. Cool instrumental song with Pretty Little Ditty. You know that song \\"Butterfly by Crazytown? Yeah they stole that catchy guitar line from the this song. Nothing wrong with doing a cover song of course (Unless you are Fred Durst trying to cover \\"Behind Blue Eyes\\" Yuck.He butchered a great song)but that Butterfly song is just ridiculous. Oh well Crazytown are nothing like the musicians that the Chili Peppers are. If you like good music, none of this Limp Bizkit, P.O.D, Linkin Park crap, the you should pick up this album, or any of the Red Hot Chili Peppers albums. They're first three albums are nothing like the newer stuff, but it still rocks. Thank you Red Hot Chili Peppers for keeping rock alive in a music environment which is dominated by crapmetal and uncreative pop.
B000063DFN|1.0|Well I dont know what any one sees in iron maiden personaly ? I never got into their music...I dont know.The lead singers vocals or the rest of the band! I have listing to every single song made by iron maiden to see if i would atleast like one but nope... Just can't get into them!!Well anyways,The production on this album is weak and the lirycs are mediocre plus the guitars are plain damn boring  with the un original solos which needs some work... I might add! I know alot of bands that would make iron maiden look untalented one of them is king diamond...Now, those guys are an awsome band with talent and originality and amazing solos with intense lirycs and king diamond never gets boring unlike my buddys over here known as iron maiden! I swear i got so bored while listining to this album that i fellasleep haha! If you want an excellent  band  pick king diamond and skipt iron maiden! Down with the irons!!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Lets get one thing srtaight creed is completely original and donot have any formulae in particular.They also have nothing common with pearl jam.What you have is a band that makes melodious music that comes straight from the heart.This is again the case for their second album Human Clay in which they have raised the bar and produced some tracks which are heavier than their usual material.This along with some classical soft metal ballads and you have the ultimate rock album.Scott Stapp has an amazing voice and mark tremonti can play the giutar like only he can.As soon as the Album starts you are treated to some heavy rock anthems that change to inspiring softmetal jams that are full of inspiration.All you people wanna know what real and inspirational rock music is like?Well then buy this and other creed albums you won't be dissapointed
6305388458|5.0|This is the \\"no-frills\\" budget-priced DVD of \\"Life of Brian,\\" containing just the movie with no extras (except for a trailer). Criterion has released an excellent Special Edition with commentaries, a documentary, and deleted scenes; however, the price of it is pretty steep. If you're a Python fan, you'll want to spend the money on the Criterion Collection DVD. If you have a more casual interest in the film, or just don't want to spend so much money, then this DVD will satisfy your needs. Either way, you'll get one of the funniest films ever made.<br />With Mel Gibson's \\"The Passion of the Christ\\" ringing up box-officer registers and inflaming controversy, it's never been a better time to re-visit this classic but also controversial film from the Monty Python troupe, which takes on the story of the Messiah in a hysterical, yet sharply satiric, way. It's the best piece of work the Pythons ever produced, exceeding all their other movies and their television programs. Instead of merely stringing together sketches around a common theme, as they usually did, the Pythons here created a wonderful, coherent story with consistent themes and a steady target for their cynical humor. It's not only a wonderful comedy, it's really a wonderful character drama as well!<br />No big producer would touch the controversial material, so the film was funded with the help of former Beatle George Harrison. Although filmed on a tiny budget, the work of director Terry Jones and designer Terry Gilliam make it look as handsome as a multi-million dollar Cecil B. DeMille epic. (It helped that they had sets available from Zefferelli's recent TV mini-series \\"Jesus of Nazareth\\" still around for their use.)<br />The story follows the misadventures of Brian Cohen (Graham Chapman), who was born just down the street in Bethlehem on the same night as another famous baby. Brian's life parallels Jesus's (glanced occasionally, played by Ken Colley), only in a completely mistaken, unintentional way. He becomes part of the People's Front of Judea, becomes an unwitting rebel, then an unwitting messiah to a group of mindless followers (\\"Yes, we are all individuals!\\" they shout together), and then an unwitting martyr. (Which leads to the classic finale song, \\"Always Look on the Bright Side of Life.\\")<br />John Cleese in interviews has tried to distance the film from being a direct attack on Christianity, saying it was really meant to criticize the mentality of people who follow leaders without question. However, \\"Life of Brian\\" is very cynical about religion in general, there's no mistaking that. But it doesn't have to be viewed as an insult to the Christian religion at all, as many claimed it was. It also makes fun of historical epics, gender roles, \\"Star Wars\\" (in a very funny special-effects sequence created by Terry Gilliam), and people who would rather fight with those who agree with them than with their common enemy.<br />There's also no mistaking that this is one of funniest films ever made. Hysterical scene piles up on hysterical scene: John Cleese as a priest trying to control a mob at a stoning; Michael Palin as the world's least inspiring prophet (\\"And then a friend shall lose his friend's hammer...\\"); Eric Idle forcing Graham Chapman to haggle when he doesn't want to; Michael Palin's lisping and completely ridiculous Pontius Pilate (\\"Thwow him to floor, Centoorion!\\"); John Cleese as the leader of the P.F.J. trying to prove that the Romans have done nothing for Judea, despite his followers many claims to contrary (the aqueduct, the roads, the court systems, education, wine, sanitation...); and Terry Jones as Brian's mother telling his crowd of followers: \\"He's not the Messiah! He's a very naughty boy!\\"  My personal favorite scene has John Cleese's centurion correcting Graham Chapman's Latin in the anti-Roman graffiti he's painting on the palace walls.<br />I would like to point out what an excellent actor Graham Chapman was. All the Python's were brilliant comedic performers and writers, but Chapman was a very talented, pure actor. He could have played dramatic roles as easily and comic ones, and there's a reason he took the lead role in this film. His sincerity in the role of Brian really holds the film together. It's a tragedy that he died so young.<br />Grab this DVD for gut-busting comedy and satire - unless you want to lay down the dough for the Criterion Collection (which I think is worth it).
B00007BK2N|5.0|24hr party people is simply an amazing movie about tony wilson and his exposure of punk rock to the people of manchester, Not only did this movie make me laugh, but it was also very cool, learning new things about some of the great bands of the past, i strongly suggest you go out and purchase this film, Music lovers, and people who enjoy good movies , should really look into this film cause its a masterpeice from beginning to end
B00011RPB0|5.0|A lot of the reviews here seem to think anyone who liked this movie fell for &quot;the hype&quot; or &quot;the buzz.&quot;  First of all, hype doesn't just spring up out of some Hollywood buzz machine whether from studio self-interest or nepotism, or a lot more people would've heard about &quot;Virgin Suicides,&quot; which was appropriately overlooked because it was a mediocre movie.  This movie came out to virtually no buzz other than Bill Murray was in it... and Scarlet Johannsen is a rising star, which is just fortunate timing.  But the buzz came from people who saw it and liked it and recommended it.  No studio, especially a tiny one like Focus, is going to throw themselves into a hype campaign unless the movie's worth it.  The hype on this evolved because it had a powerful impact on apparently about 35% of those who saw it.   Those who didn't like it, fine, but to call it a &quot;horrible&quot; movie is absurd.  This was an independent film made for $4 million and one filmmaker's honest point of view about relationships.  That's all.  Love it or hate it, you can't fault that.  And no, I'm not a friend of the Coppolas, but I am a writer in the film business who can appreciate first how incredibly difficult it is to even get an independent movie made let alone a good one... let alone win an Oscar.  The only thing Sophia Coppola got from her name - which is a lot, granted - was a much easier path to getting someone to finance a film like this.  That said, she took the opportunity and did incredibly well with it and my hat is off to her.  I also appreciate that she doesn't seem to be that affected by all the attention at the Oscars - in fact, she looked uncomfortable with it.  In a town over-flowing with egomaniacs, that's a refreshing change.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|Ok, first of all, I think that \\"The Matrix\\" is one of the greatest movies ever.  I think that \\"The Matrix Reloaded\\" has the greatest special affects of all time.  I think that \\"The Matrix Revolutions\\" has nothing except for an exceptionally good soundtrack.  The Bros that made the movie obviously were running out of ideas, so they make the 2nd one full of action, having the viewer waiting on the edge of there seat for the 3rd one, then make one of the worst films ever.  Sure, it had good actions scenes, and it DID have a story line, BUT THE STORYLINE SUCKED!  It was a final act of desperation to get the 3.5 years of production over.  Also, the end was very, very, very stupid.
B0000696I0|5.0|Up until a few weeks ago I havent seen this movie in years. I thought the jokes would be \\"childish\\" along with the rest of the story line but this really is great flick.<br />The humor in this movie is great, it manages to be simple and witty at the same time. Also this is better then the first one. I felt that the first movie was to serious. Ninja Turtles is a kids movie! The first movie tried to make this epic story with serious themes and storyline, if you want that go watch a soap opra. People that give this movies bad reviews for its childish content thats because its a childrens movie! What do you expect. <br />All of the turtles were just great.Leonardo became more of a leader, Rapheal was the rebel, Donetello the brains, and Michealangelo the little brother, and cory feldman the coke head.  <br />The point is to not look into this movie. This movie was not made to win oscars, it was made for kids who love the ninja turtles, and if you take it that way then everyone will love one of the greatest kid movies ever created!!
0446677450|5.0|Before following Kiyosaki's ideas, I was like a gerbel in a cage on a treadmil going nowhere. Now I have passive income working for me. My money is working harder for me that I used to work to obtain it.<br />I highly recommend Rich Dad Poor Dad for anyone who wants real financial success. <br />You can make money or you can make excuses. Excuse makers, check out those tabloid like websites and continue to go nowhere. At best, you will learn how to set up a website that attracts losers.
B00005JMNA|5.0|Dirty dancing havana nights was a great teenager movie. I mean what is better than two lovely people falling in love while they learn how to dance together. I think this is better for teenagers than the first one becasue it is two teenagers falling for each other and following the dreams that they had and even though it was runined by something they still were there for each other. I loved the movie so much I am starting to take dance lessons myself. Plus any movie with Diego Luna is a good one. It was a great movie it is a keeper.
0198534477|4.0|I purchased this book as a reference and because of it's coverage on Mobius Transformations, which is great!  My qualms are with the other parts of the book, however. I'll reach for this book or Churchill and Brown when I'm dealing with complex numbers.  Browns is much more direct and to the point.  There are times that I'll have to flip through several pages jsut to get to the point.  Needham often includes a history of the topic and several applications before getting to the mathematics of it.  I like reading about applications at the end of the chapters and histories as footnotes (or both in a completely seperate part of the book, i.e. the appendix).  If you buy this book, you'll get a lot of great mathematics and wonderful visualizations, but expect a lot of reading that may not be immidiately necessary to your studies.
B00004W52U|5.0|Even the people that gave this record a good rating complain about the sound quality...you are all missing the point, quit appologizing, this is a good thing.  I like this record even more because it sounds like the band is playing right in front of me, mistakes, mistuning, false stops, starts, and all it sounds just like it would if you heard them live back in the day.  A punk or ska record that is polished automatically loses cred with me.  Most of the modern offerings in these categories are so overproduced they don't sound real and raw like the roots from which they are derived.  I would rather listen to a crappy demo cassete that the band obviously put all their energy into making themselves than some smoothed out product of a knob twiddling studio nerd.  Also, to the all the critics of the vocals on this record...you forget that these guys were f**king kids when they recorded this!  Most of you losers no doubt think you are too cool to get on stage and sing from the heart, knowing your voice will crack more than the finite number of pubic hairs on your undercariage.  OpIvy will last forever because the people that really love this record will keep it spinning long into the future.  Furthermore...its spelled Berkeley...never forget the second e...NEVER!
0440237688|4.0|This book is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a dystopic world, flawed by its very perfection.  It is a world where people put an exact label on feelings, lest one strays from the path of language precision.  It is a world where the word \\"death\\" does not even exist in its language, its importance in life undermined by polite euphemisms.<br />Behind this perfection is the one man who knows the true beauty and horror of life, and as the Giver, it is to him that the training of Jonas, the new Receiver, falls.<br />Frankly, I'm a bit torn about rating this book.  The prose, the originality, the \\"perfection\\" of the storytelling deserves all the praise and commendation that the book and its author has received.  The plot, the construction of the world, and the concepts so effectively shown enthralls.  I was interested, appalled, chilled, amazed, horrified and through it all, I sympathized with the main character, from the first to the last page.<br />Unfortunately, no matter how thought provoking the \\"ending\\" is, however compelling the entire book is for discussion, I do prefer my book to have a more solid ending.  The author claims that she wanted to make an open-ended story, meant to give every single reader the ending they want in their minds, but as a reader who has long finished highschool and college, I couldn't totally appreciate the author's intent.    <br />For all its merits, I think this book deserves a four.  I'd sooner look for a book with an ending, though.
B000002HIK|4.0|I care because you do is bordering on excellent, offering (as with all of Aphex Twin's full-length albums) a wide varity of tones. If you enjoy hardcore, ambient, and experimental-type music, you'll find it all. Even the wierdest of it is very well done. One thing I didn't really like, though, is that a couple of the tracks (4 and 12) are flat out boring. Everyone raves about the artistry of Aphex Twin's minimalist tracks, but I like depth and action in my music. <BR>   All in all, a very good album, definitely worth your money.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; shows once again that, while Sofia Coppola has a fine eye for visuals, she is a poor storyteller.  This movie comes across like a pouting super-model, beautiful and fashionable and sophisticated looking but attempt to scratch the surface and you will find less than a fingernail's depth.  The ennui of the idle rich.<br />Bored and rich are the characters in this film.  Bored with their treasures so undeservedly received, as in the case of Bob's million-dollar commercial.  Bored with being rich enough to not require an occupation, but trying to pass the hours in some fashion, as with Charlotte.  Bored with the expensive hotels, the dives, the temples, their families. Really, there is nothing that cannot bore this boring duo.  Ennui at its most self-indulgent.<br />I have no problem with a slow storytelling style, or understated and unspoken dialog.  I am a huge fan of Ozu, and I know how a master craftsperson can manipulate emotions using a minimal of stimulus.  However, as the saying goes, Sofia Coppola is no Ozu.  Her storytelling lacks the depth necessary for that style, and it comes off as an affectation.<br />Shallow as &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is, there are some redeeming qualities.  Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson deliver a find performances, the best possible when working with such material.  The visuals are lovely, and one can almost catalog the influences director by director.<br />The treatment of Japan has often been called racist, but, aside from the prostitute scene, I don't think so.  It is no more racist than &quot;Crocodile Dundee&quot; and presents about as accurate a portrait of the country and its people.  Don't come to Tokyo expecting to find what you see in this movie.<br />Its too bad that the staff didn't go with their initial impulse, and fire Sofia Coppola and bring on a more talented director.  The same cast, with the same concept could have produced an excellent film.  Coppola could have stayed on as cinematographer.on as cinematographer.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|Spectacular, emotional music from a spectacular and emotional film. As with the companion book, it's something to listen to and enjoy until you see the movie again or while waiting for the DVD!
B00005OWEG|5.0|Couldn't both versions of the movie been included on the Redux DVD? Sometimes it's just too much to commit to the Redux version. That's not to suggest that the replaced scenes detract in any way from the sublime beauty of the film, but neither does it add meaning, so much as to make it preferable to the original. <br />One of the most outstanding parts of the movie is the sound, which contributes so much to the eerie quality. Also, these are classic film characters.... Duvall, Hopper. It 's possible to not enjoy the genre of war movies and still love &quot;Apocalypse Now,&quot; since what it's really about is the human mind. Coppola takes the viewer into a dreamlike state to evoke how the mind might cope with prolonged trauma. War movies are chararcterized by long battle scenes, the terror of bloody battlefields and the camaraderie among soldiers, but what stands out here is the journey and the mystery. The majority of the picture is Sheen's character's journey to find Colonel Kurtz. All we see through the first three quarters is noir type photographs. So, though Brando has little comparable screen time, the build-up of &quot;who is Colonel Kurtz?&quot; gives him epic stature.<br />For a first viewing or a DVD collection, the original is probably best, but for a true fan, Redux too is a must see.
6304602944|3.0|This movie is so bad, so stupid, that it's great.  Where to start?  Well, to begin with the acting.  No one ever expects a movie headlined by Stallone and Russell to be a groundbreaking film.  Nevertheless, their over the top cheesiness (especially Russell's) lends the film a sort of idiotic charm.  Stallone's inane delivery of his lines will keep you captivated.  Jack Palance even seems to up the cheese factor in his performance. Teri Hatcher is a highlight of the movie, playing Stallone's spunky sister.  She plays the part of damsel in distress, but is also very clever and strong willed.  (Who knew there would be a role-model for feminists in a film like this?  I kid, I kid)   The story is pretty cookie-cutter for an '80s action buddy film.  You could almost transplant Eddie Murphy and Nick Nolte into this film and it would just about have the same effect.  <br />So, with a mediocre script and subpar acting, Tango &amp; Cash could very well be a train wreck of a film (like any Seagal or Van Damme flick).  It avoids this though, by being so tongue-in-cheek.  Whether or not this is intentional can be debated.  I only know that I can't help but watch this film every time it comes on!<br />So if you're looking for big, dumb fun, this is the flick for you!
B000060OFT|1.0|The film that surely made Shakespeare turn in his grave. This is another crappy attempt to modernize a classic tale. Don't fix it if it's not broken.
B00003CX95|5.0|we see it everytime it is on the air, watch the DVD over and over again.  Though it isn't historically accurate, what a movie!<BR>Makes me proud to have Scottish blood in my lineage!  And I can't say enough about Mel Gibson and Angus MacFadyen, both great in this movie and super hot!
0140277447|4.0|Did you notice that a majority of the negative, one-star reviews about &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot; are written by Japanese? Many of the reviews that do not have a name attached, such as the reviews by &quot;An Amazon.com Customer&quot; feature grammar and wording choices that are a dead giveaway. This is not the only book on Nanking (sometimes written &quot;Nanjing&quot;). &quot;The Nanjing Massacre in History and Historiography&quot; an anthology edited by Joshua Fogel covers much of the same ground.<br />Chang's book will not be published in Japan. Kashiwashobo, the company that would have published had they reached an agreement with Chang's American publishing company, asked for extensive changes in the text and photos. Chang would not agree to make the changes, for obvious reasons.<br />Many Japanese historians have attempted to publish books concerning Japan's military past. They have often been prevented from publishing in Japan if they are in any way critical of the government, past or present. They have faced persecution and death threats from far right groups and gangsters, both of which are tacitly supported by the government. Publishers are reluctant to publish controversial books due to the danger of attacks by ultra-national right groups or Yakuza. The government openly denies the facts about Japan's military past even in the face of proof. Current government officials like Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara, and Japanese ambassador to the U.S., Kunihiko Saito have called Chang's accusations in her book &quot;baseless&quot; or &quot;inaccurate and one-sided&quot; though a majority of reputable historians in Japan and abroad uphold her findings.<br />Historian Ienaga Saburo spent over 30 years in unsuccessful lawsuits challenging the government censorship of textbooks following the rejection of his textbook in 1965, which highlighted Japanese responsibility for war atrocities. He was partially successful in that the attention he brought to these issuesforced the government in the late 1990's to at least include some mention of Nanking and other war crimes whereas these were completely absent from textbooks for decades. His last lawsuit, concluded in 1997, was decided in favor of the government ministry in charge of education, Monbukagakusho, thereby officially endorsing the right of the government to censor textbooks.<br />Authors with revisionist leanings, like Kitamura Minoru, on the other hand, have faced little opposition to publishing books denying that the Nanking massacre ever occurred. &quot;The New History Textbook&quot; (Atarashii Rekishi Kyokasho) written by the far right Japanese Society for History Textbook Reform, headed by Nishio Kanji, deliberately avoids any mention of &quot;dark history&quot; in Japan's past by emphasizing &quot;light history&quot; instead. It characterizes Japan's modern wars as attempts to liberate Asia and presents Japan's foundation myths as fact, just as the ultra-nationalistic state religion did during the war years.<br />It is also one of the eight Ministry-approved texts for teaching history at the junior high school level, despite protestations from Japanese and international historians that it is completely unfit to be used as a history text. The International Scholars' Appeal concerning the flaws of this textbook includes a list of signators that goes on for pages.<br />Some of the more recent revisionist books (&quot;The Alleged 'Nanking Massacre': Japan's rebuttal to China's forged claims&quot; by Tadao Takemoto and &quot;What Really Happened in Nanking&quot; by Tanaka Masaaki for example) rely almost entirely on notoriously unreliable Japanese source documents, ignoring independent documentation, while Chang takes her information from various different sources. (See political commentaries &quot;The Enigma of Japanese Power&quot; by Karel Van Wolfren and &quot;Dogs and Demons&quot; by Alex Kerr for details about official distortions of truth in the Japanese government).<br />This is not to say that Chang's book is perfect. She demonstrates an obvious bias in her writing, which leads her to sensationalize many situations, and the book is at times repetitious or otherwise tedious. Many of the people and complex situations are flattened and two-dimensional in her treatment. Chang also does not understand Japanese culture well at all, as her comments on and questions about the possible reasons for the massacre clearly demonstrate. A few of her facts have been refuted by reputable historians. However, the _majority_ of her facts are unassailable, as is obvious considering how many people have tried, and largely failed, to refute her book.<br />Her most prominent critics are themselves given to distortion of facts. Hata Ikuhito's criticism of Chang's book is insightful and he raises some questions that &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot; does not address. He also claims that only around 40,000 &quot;unauthorized killings&quot; occurred, when most historians would agree that that figure is far too low, probably by a factor of five. He challenges the authenticity of eleven of Chang's photographs, but is able to demonstrate proof with only two, about which Chang herself was mislead. You must take a critic's credibility into account when dealing with his criticisms.<br />Chang's book should not be used as a bible for what happened in Nanking, but as a starting point for continuing research. During the War Crimes Tribunal, the Nanking massacre was only one of the many atrocities being investigated. In the years after the active occupation of Japan ended there has been a systematic attempt by the Japanese government to deny this and other war crimes. The details of the horror perpetrated in Nanking do not make for easy reading, but I think it is absolutely necessary. Just as we read reputable history books to counteract denials about the Holocaust in Europe, we must read this book, and others, to remember what truly happened in Asia during the first half of the 20th century.
1563898586|4.0|this is a very good comic book.  the only reason i didn't give it a five-star rating is because i think that the characters can be fleshed out a little bit more.  that having been said this is an enthralling and gripping read.<br />if you have seen and hated the movie (as i did) then please don't turn your back on this.  the story is much better and the characters are more rich than in the movie.  the difference abound greatly between the comic and the movie.  quartermain isn't the rough and tumble hero in this comic, rather he is a bumbling, opium addicted, idiot.  he does sober up somewhat by the end but he still isn't the same character depicted in the movie (which makes him more interesting).  nina murray (harker in the movie) is the most mysterious as her story isn't expounded on as of yet (but here's to hoping the second collection does).  nemo is an ego-maniac, the invisible man is a pervert, and dr. jekyl is a wus.  <br />those thing having been said, the plot is great and the twist at the end is even better.  read this for a good time and i guarantee you will enjoy it (at least better than the movie!).
B0001IN0DA|5.0|now there are 11 matches.it should stay like that but it could change.<br />World Heavyweight Championship<BR>benoit vs. triple h vs. shawn-benoit would win is my thought.<br />wwe championship<BR>eddie vs. kurt-hard choose but i think eddie will win<br />brock vs. golberg-what a match. the best evar maybe. brock will win because of austin. this is golbergs last match bye bye golberg<br />kane vs. old school undertaker-i cant wait for the return of the deadman deadman i think will win<br />us championship<br />big show vs. john cena-this could be boring john cena will win 100%.<br />handicap match<BR>rock and sock connection(rock & Mick foley) vs.evolution(randy,batista,flair)-i so happy the rock returned,after this rock should go to the heavyweight division.rock & sock connection should win i think.<br />playboy evening gown match<BR>Stacy & jackie vs. sable & torrie-best match maybe(jocking)cant tell who will win maybe at the end they all bacome freinds<br />jericho vs. christian-jericho will win .after that jericho and trish will love each other.<br />fatal 4 way World tag titles<BR>dudley vs. cade/jindrak vs. booker/rvd vs. la resistance-rvd and booker will win.this will lead to a booker/rvd & dudley boy rivalry.<br />open battle royal cruserweight championship<BR>cruiserweights will enter.i heard dean malenko will return.him or chavo will win.<br />womens championship<BR>moll vs. victoria-molly will be bold trust me<br />well it should be a great ppv.all matches are good.maybe this will be added to the card at wm xx.rikishi/scooty 2 hotty vs. WGTT.i cant wait for it to come out on dvd
0446310786|5.0|I found To Kill a Mockingbird a fascinating story of the town Maycomb, Alabama and the many racial prejudices that exists there.  The story is told by Scout, a grown woman that tells the story of her childhood and the many lessons that she learned.  She, her brother Jem and there childhood friend Dill, spend their long summer days reenacting scenes from the story Dracula and trying their hardest to get the town recluse, Boo Radley to show himself.<BR> The climax of the story takes place when Scout's father Atticus, a lawyer, takes the case of a young African American man that is accused of raping a local white girl.  Atticus becomes a target for the town's racism and his children soon feel the racial pressures. <BR> Am amazing story of the true values in life, To Kill a Mockingbird, teaches us all that we should love and cherish those around us and that we should all treat each other equally.
B000001FFJ|5.0|the bloke sings such good songs, and sings them so good, that i'd like to be him. even if he wasn't in America. otherwise i'm satisfied to be drunk, and here.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This is one hell of an album.  Kanye comes through big time.  Although I'm not a fan of songs promoting religion, &quot;Jesus Walks&quot; is one amazing track.  This album is full of gems.  From &quot;Spaceship&quot; to &quot;Slow Jamz&quot; to &quot;School Spirit&quot; to &quot;Through the Wire&quot;, its hit after hit.  My favourite joint is probably &quot;Spaceship&quot; featuring a RESURRECTED Consequence (the kid from Tribe's &quot;Beats, Rhymes and Life&quot; album).  Common puts down a LEGENDARY verse in &quot;Get Em High&quot; and Talib is his usual self.  Mos Def makes an appearance on &quot;Two Words&quot; (ANOTHER sick tune) and rips it as we're used to.<br />This album is kinda like the ultimate marriage between the mainstream bull***t and real hip-hop.  And Kanye will SHOCK you as a lyricist.  Trust me.  My one beef with the album is the choice of title and several skits dissin' college/university.  Its kinda childish and shows Kanye is insecure about dropping out.  Other than that though, COP THIS ALBUM.  Do not burn it, do not download it.  Its worth your loot and he's one kat who deserves the recognition.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|This movie, despite all the hype, was at best mediocre. The idea is great, being lost in a foreign place and making an unlikely connection almost like an out of body experience where your &quot;realities&quot; are waiting for your return.<BR>The idea of the story was almost at complete odds with the movie. Acting was bad, and directing too. I was happy that the story was recognized by an Oscar, but not the movie!
0393057658|3.0|Moneyball is about Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's efforts to use statistics to get a competitive edge that translates into more runs scored versus the opponents and more wins.  If that's all the book was about, it would be a bore.  The story is enlivened a little by the fact that Mr. Beane has less money to work with than most other clubs, so we've got an underdog to root for.  But Mr. Beane also turns out to have a volatile temper and a mindset that makes it hard for him to make good decisions in the heat of battle.  Those problems kept him from having the &quot;all-star&quot; career that many expected for him as a player.  So ultimately the book is about a man getting grips on himself so he can be more successful.  Now, that story (if was the entire focus) would have been fascinating . . . but Mr. Lewis clutters the book up with unnecessarily long and boring nonmathematical descriptions of mathematical issues . . . and hurts his story.<br />That said, chapter two (&quot;How to Find a Ballplayer&quot;) has some of the funniest dialogue in it that I have ever read.  I had to stop reading the book every so often to stop laughing long enough for the pain in my abdomen to go away.  I kept racing through the book to find something else as funny or as good . . . and didn't find it.<br />Mr. Beane believes that he needs to maximize on-base and slugging percentage for his club and the percentage of strikeouts and ground balls hit by opposing batters.  So he focuses on finding players who are good at creating these results.  Some of his searches take on a comic character when he finds players who are very deficient in fielding or speed.<br />This book will appeal most to those who admire Mr. Beane and those who run fantasy baseball teams on the Internet.  Such readers will enjoy understanding more about the practical issues involved in applying statistics to baseball in the big leagues.<br />I was extremely surprised that Mr. Lewis did not briefly show someplace the statistical analyses that favor the quantitative ideas expressed in the book.  This book could have been an entry point to interest young people in statistical analysis, but the book's content falls far short of that level.  I mention that point because I did a science fair project as a youngster based on Branch Rickey's writing about what factors influence winning pennants.  That article, although vastly out-of-date, probably did more good than this one will to encourage the statistical study of human behavior.<br />One of the better parts of the book is the chapter on Scott Hatteberg (chapter 8) which describes how he came to focus on batting discipline . . . which made him attractive to the A's after his catching career was over.  I would have enjoyed understanding more about how disciplined hitters came to be that way.  Instead, the book provides much too much information about why most hitters are undisciplined.<br />If you have never dreamed of being a general manager of a baseball club, you will probably find this book to be a little below average as a sports story.<br />As I finished the book, I wondered what it would take to stimulate millions of people to start doing these same sorts of measurements and analyses for reducing poverty, housing the homeless, conquering illiteracy and many other social ills.  Now, that would be a book!e the statistical analyses that favor the quantitative ideas expressed in the book.  This book could have been an entry point to interest young people in statistical analysis, but the book's content falls far short of that level.  I mention that point because I did a science fair project as a youngster based on Branch Rickey's writing about what factors influence winning pennants.  That article, although vastly out-of-date, probably did more good than this one will to encourage the statistical study of human behavior. <br />One of the better parts of the book is the chapter on Scott Hatteberg (chapter 8) which describes how he came to focus on batting discipline . . . which made him attractive to the A's after his catching career was over.  I would have enjoyed understanding more about how disciplined hitters came to be that way.  Instead, the book provides much too much information about why most hitters are undisciplined.  <br />If you have never dreamed of being a general manager of a baseball club, you will probably find this book to be a little below average as a sports story.<br />As I finished the book, I wondered what it would take to stimulate millions of people to start doing these same sorts of measurements and analyses for reducing poverty, housing the homeless, conquering illiteracy and many other social ills.  Now, that would be a book!
B00005K3OT|5.0|I loved everything about this movie.  It is visually beautiful to watch, and is brilliantly acted and directed.  I was both moved and delighted throughout its entirety.  The messages this movie delivers are in my opinion dead on!
B00005JMTN|5.0|I don't know where to begin but to say this is one of those films that you think about and affects you long after.  It has a deepness that is often lacking in films.  I thought the actors were magnificent, the subtlety in the performances made the film powerful.  I loved the tall-tales!  And while it is only apparent in a few scenes, the special effects are found enhancing every piece in the film in a very subtle way.  Burton did a superb job on this film.  It is a unique film, definitely a Burton film.  The plot is great as well.  It is quite a journey itself.  It is really a story of a son coming to grips with the man who his father really was and found he was more than he ever imagined.
6305513406|1.0|Where the hell are the complete season sets like the rest of Trek?  I'm not paying for 40 volumes at $18 apiece!  That's $240 a season, no thanks.  That's worse than Farscape and the ridiculous prices HBO wants for it's shows (although I certainly have every season of The Sopranos, yea I'm a tool).
B00005JM02|5.0|This is such a great dvd. The sound quality is excellent. Great for Kids of all ages. There are several real cute songs that are catchy and cute. A must for collecting...   I just loved watching this Movie....
B00006LJ72|3.0|[NOTE: This is a completely new review. I got rid of the old one.]<br />Well, it is a great way to start someone off on Enya's music. If your a fan, then you get a few non-album tracks. Good collection. The music video is nice too. So are the notes in the booklette.<br />So? Get it. They did not make too many copies of this collection. Or don't get it.<br />Your call. Or I'll call you. [What??]
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|I will make this short.  Best movie ive ever seen! Has the most original script, great cast, great performances by that cast, and to top it off it was all done by the master, Tim Burton!
0446678430|4.0|This book is good for people who doubt whether or not getting wealthy in life is easy. It's all a matter of the right mind set. When people hear that it's about the state of mind they're in, they tend to blow it off thinking they've heard 'that' before. This book tells you why you need to change your thinking and how to go about doing it. It not only tells you how to change how you think about the world but goes into technical details on shorting, calling, and putting stocks. True, Kiyosaki is mighty proud of his boardgame, Cashflow 101 in all his books but that shouldn't distract you from learning how to change your context. Kiyosaki gives practical easy to follow advice in this nice follow-up from the Rich-Dad series. It's very easy to go from reading Rich Dad Poor Dad to this book without having to read any of the others (Cashflow Quadrant, Guide to Investing) in between.
B000005L86|5.0|Heart of the Congos, in my mind, is the greatest reggae album ever.  The more I've listened to it, the more I'm inclined to call it one of the best albums of all-time, regardless of genre.  When I first heard this album, it didn't sound like reggae.  Too many people see Bob Marley as all there is to reggae (not to come down on Marley, because I do love his music) and the Congos sound is something very different.  Lee Perry produces up a storm on this album.  The songs are extremely dense, and new things pop up each time you listen to it.  The atmosphere is loaded with African percussion and Lee Perry's trademark, echo-y sound, and really goes a long way to making you feel as if you're Jamaica or Africa (depending on which song you're listening to).  If you buy this album, it's likely that you wont think too much of it on your initial listen (most of this is because of it's radical differences from the more Marley-style reggae).  Don't let your first impression form your opinion of the album, though, because it truly is an intricately crafted masterpiece.  Oh, and by the way, stay away from The Congos later material... it gets some critical acclaim, but it sounds absolutely nothing like their first (and best) album.  Lots of 80s style cheese.
0553565915|5.0|I bought this book after my dad died 10 years ago.  I was very sad and lost feeling and was drawn to this book in the book store.  When I got to the part of the nde and how she describes heaven and what things &quot;mean&quot; in this life, I was so happy.  It just helped me see so many things!  It gave me great peace.<br /> I have offered this book to many people over the years upon the death of loved ones when they have that same empty feeling that I did.  Each person that has read it has been touched and feels better for having read it.  Thank You Betty Eadie
B00005JMNA|5.0|i absolutely loved this movie! i fell in love with javier. the dancing is very sexy. i went back to the theatre the next night to see it again....i cant wait for it to come out on video!!! i definately recommend this movie. considering that fact that it is a sequel, i was very impressed...expecially when patrick swayze showed up! this is definately my new favourite movie.
B00008LDPU|2.0|Pros<br />-Contains stories about why and how the Matrix was created<br />-Some episodes have nice animation<br />-Matrix, geeks, and some anime fans will enjoy it<br />Cons<br />-Most episodes have stupid looking animation<br />-Weird stories<br />-Slight nudity, even if it's a robot, and a lot of skimpy clothing (really PG-13?)<br />-Tried to be too symbolic and artistic<br />Overall, it left a bad taste in my mouth.  Just rent it if you really curious to see it.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Unlike her other albums, Britney's this album is perfect and excellent! But why?<br />Before explaining why, let me tell you a little bit about the music theory. We can seperate the sounds in this universe into two parts: Bass and Treble sounds. For example, we can say that the sound between 10Hz and 200Hz is the bass sound. Those between 300Hz and 16000Hz is the treble sound. Moreover, if you love bass sound, you should listen to Pop, techno, house, club, etc... because that kind of music is based on bass sound (10Hz - 200Hz) (for example, drums and bass instruments). And if you love treble sound, you should listen to rock, metal, country, jazz, classical etc... since that kind of music is based on treble sound (300Hz - 16,000Hz) (for example, violins and guitars).<br />Now, Britney's this new album is exactly for those who love bass sound and pop music!!! Not only are the songs' melodies and vocals very good; but also the arrangement of the instruments, especially the bass instruments, is excellent! Do you want to get high pleasure from music? Then, get a speaker system with a good subwoofer and listen to &quot;IN THE ZONE&quot; album. Your utility (pleasure) level will be doubled! Dont forget to turn the bass volume on!!! Until today, you listened to the song &quot;Toxic&quot; on TV. Now, buy this album, set up your subwoofer system, and listen to this song once again, you will see the difference, the quality and how high your utility will be! <br />Maybe you dont have any money. Maybe you are very poor and broke. Maybe you can't even afford food to eat. Still, you have to buy this album (and a subwoofer, of course!). No matter how many problems you have, no matter how poor you are, just try to find some money and try it. What is more important than your hapiness?<br />WARNING: i have to warn you about the fact that if bass sound does not interest you, or if you dont have a SUBWOOFER, you may not love this album. To tell the truth, if i didnt have a subwoofer, iwouldnt listen to pop music, but i would listen to rock music where the treble sound (guitars etc...) is important.
0385510438|4.0|I first became acquainted with Grisham through the PELICAN BRIEF and haven't missed one of his books since.  Despite the seeming rut his books became entrenched in, I nevertheless marched on and tried to keep interested.<br />A PAINTED HOUSE, was a great departure from the usual legal thriller, and I greatly enjoyed his venture from the &quot;boiler plate&quot; style his books had become.<br />Likewise with the LAST JUROR, I was pleasantly suprised with his return to Clanton, Mississippi and his wonderful style of telling his story about the growth of a young adult thrust into a career he never imagined, and managing to become succesful despite himself.<br />As an avid reader of Grisham's novels, I secretly hoped that he would explore in greater detail some of the characters I remembered from A TIME TO KILL.  Lucien Wilbanks could easily have become more of a major character and we could have been given more detail about his legal career.  <br />Despite this, I highly recommend this book and would encourage Grisham to once again explore utilizing some reoccuring characters in his future books.
B00018D44U|5.0|I'm glad I didn't take too seriously the many reader reviews that were disappointed in this follow up cd.  I think it is far superior to the first cd, more complex and nuanced and far less sleep inducing. Highly enjoyable.  Norah has the smoothest voice around.
B00005JM4Z|4.0|Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) was kicked off the force for his little stunt in the Fast and the Furious and has been on the run ever since.  He fled all the way to Florida, where he became friends with Tej (Ludacris), the man who knew where all the action was.  Before too long, Brian couldn't even find anyone who would race against him and word was out.  The cops grabbed Brian and made him an offer - help them with a case or go to jail.  The cops have been trying to nab the premier drug dealer in the area, Carter Verone (Cole Hauser), for some time, but haven't been able to make anything stick.  Conveniently, Mr. Verone is looking for some drivers to make drops for him and that is where Brian comes in.  Brian takes the deal, but on one condition - this his buddy, Roman Pierce (Tyrese), gets a piece too.  Before they know it, Brian and Roman are in way over their heads as they combat fellow street racers, sexy undercover cops, an insane boss who is not above torture and the fast, furious life in Miami.<br />I really liked this film and would say that, in some ways, it was better than the first.  For one thing, this one seemed to actually have a plot, which was nice, even though it was a really simple one.  For another, the street racing was awesome.  The first race that the movie opens up with is one of the best scenes of the whole movie, but all of the racing sequences are great.  The cars are hot and so are the effects and you feel like you are really gaining speed while you are watching the film.  The special features on the DVD are a little skimpy, but there is a sequence that is worth watching about how Brian made it from California to Florida.  Well worth your time to check out!
B000002H2H|5.0|This CD is so cool. It has the great melody lines that easily get stuck in your head (which is a good thing), it has great solos (go Kirk), and it has great drums (go Lars). But for how rich and happy Metallica is, don't u think they should write songs not about death, pain, and the apocalypse?
0385121679|5.0|This is one of the best novels I have read. Not only did this scare me to the point where I kept my glasses on while taking a bath, but, more importantly, shows how vulnerable people are.<br />Jack Torrance agrees to be the winter caretake of the elegant Overlook Hotel, which means spending five months snowbound with his family, Wendy and Danny. Sure, the last caretaker snapped and axed his family to pieces, but that wouldn't happen in this case, right? Besides, he promised not to hurt Danny anymore, and he had stopped drinking alcohol. <br />Danny has the Shining, some sort of a sixth sense that makes him hallucinate things that will happen and hear what others are thinking. And the hotel is determined to use it, even if it does involve controlling the person Danny loves most, his father Jack. There are a few creepy parts in this novel: The decaying woman in room 217, the hedge animals, and Jack slowly slipping into insanity.<br />If you would like a long read, get this book. But if you want to get scared enough to hide under the covers, get the original movie with Jack Nicholson. Even though it's not really faithful to the book, it's still something you need to watch.
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson delivers a stunning performance as William Wallace in 'Braveheart', a tale of loyalty and courage. When we first see William, he is shown as a young boy, growing up on a farm with his father and brother in a persecuted Scotland. But when they are both killed in a squabble with the tyranncial english, William goes to live with his uncle, away from his homeland and all that he loves.<br />  He returns some years later, now a grown man and skilled fighter. But war is not his intention. He means to settle down and raise a family, and finds a wife in his childhood sweetheart. They are married in secret (BEWARE, there is an innapropiate scene on their wedding night).<br />  But when his wife is brutally murdered by the English, William is compelled to war and marches off to fight with his fellow noblemen, gathering an army as he goes. The Scottish people are encouraged by the actions of this brave commoner, and valiently rally behind him.<br />  But the 'nobles' of Scotland are in the way. They are constantly trying to avoid war and 'make peace' with Britain. But that won't do. England must be defeated, or else Scotland will never taste what she really needs. . .freedom.<br />  Beautifully acted on all sides, and featuring incredible landscapes, this movie is very moving. Not only that, but the emotional side of the story is compelling as well.<br />  We are constantly feeling for William throughout his journey, and he is easy to root for. We are shown the magnitude of what he is fighting for, displayed again by Mel Gibson's performance (I know I keep saying that).<br /><br />  P.S. Not to get political here, but did you notice that such movies as this and 'The Lord of the Rings' clearly show that evil cannot be assosiated with. You cannot make peace with evil. It will either be allowed to conquer, or it must be completely destroyed. There is no inbetween.
1400049628|4.0|This is a book that needed to be written.
B00005YW4H|5.0|This is the album that started it all for Jones. It's too easy to classify her musical forte as being jazz, because her music actually defies any categorization. For being in her early 20's, this girl has got a lot of rhythm and blues in her soul as well. The style of music delivered by this talented musician is anything but \\"normal.\\" She's utterly original, crossing previously uncharted musical barriers in a fusion of all kinds of genres. Some have even compared her voice to that of Billie Holiday: mellow and somewhat helpless. Etta James even comes to mind for me. She is able to take musical styles of other categories and add a jazz like feel to the whole experience. It's her \\"finishing touch.\\"<br />The most popular reviewer here for some strange reason disliked one of her greatest songs, \\"Cold, Cold Heart.\\" That song is emotional and frank, a mix of country, blues, and jazz. Norah Jones is an eclectic musician, unabashedly daring to borrow from any musical tradition and stamp a label upon it that makes it completely her own. \\"Nightingale\\" might remind people of the styles of Carole King, another talented singer/songwriter whom Norah in fact looks up to. But there are those who are older than she, and who have been around this business much longer, who are looking now up to Norah. She is certainly her own woman. Buy the album, every track is a gem. I give the whole darned thing a 5 star rating.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|You may have been disappointed by the musical shortcomings of  live recordings (even those with great emotional charge) like (CSNY's) Four Way Street or Woodstock or The Last Waltz. Check your disappointment at the door. The Concert for George matches emotional pitch with musical mastery at the highest level. Don't be surprised if the other people in the room with you begin to applaud after every song as they would at a live concert. This is a transcendent piece of art that defies categorization.
6305313687|5.0|This movie is basicly about a rasist skinhead who changes after he is commeted a crime to blacks.  When he changes he shows his followers what he was missing this whole time.<BR>His brother on the other hand doesnt like the idea wich leads to <BR>more truble.  Edward Norton is very well done in this film.<BR>This movie defintley sends a message to viewers.  I loved this film and put it in my movie collection.  This was a great indepent film for me.  It was also one of my most favorite idependent films.  <br />I wish the ending wasnt so sad.  It left me really upset at the end.  But if you think about it he had it coming.  Still it was really sad ending.<BR>If you ever think about getting a good independent film. <BR>Get American History X.<BR>I also recomend you watching 21 Grams.
B00004WF68|5.0|screw it, this album is like an all encompassing pop-up book, playing in your mind, clearly.  Traffic are all splendid players of instrument, but this is the one where they imagineer it.  It goes from zany joy, to more stable concotions, then Stevie gets in there and steals the show. I love it!
B0000CDL93|5.0|I love films that teach me to think, and \\"JFK\\" is one of them.  Reality must always take precedence over \\"Official Reports\\" or Celebrity Endorsed Statements, and that's what I learned from JFK.  I think it is an ASTOUNDING achievement of cinematography, script, editing, and direction.  The people of superior intelligence and talent who brought all the crucial elements of this true story and film making together at the level witnessed in \\"JFK\\" have my highest admiration and regards.  This film is an absolute Must-See for an intelligent, enquiring mind.    Now, for some of my own personal \\"paranoia\\".  There are good persons and there are bad people.  The good persons mind their own business, the bad people try to sell the undecided people the idea that the reason they are doing something bad in a bad way with bad results is for good reasons and a sublime outcome.  Bad people like crucifixions.  They'll stage them.  And they'll stage crucifixions to create a panic, a riot, a fear, an emotional response from a controllable MOB, a mass of people to aim and fire at whatever target they need to benefit their rise to power.      The Warren Commission told the American People it was a madman who committed the Kennedy atrocity, and there was no hyper-hysteria aimed at the people of America that could be Communists, the Mafia, or alleged bigots.  The American People had been defused.  That was the only purpose of the Warren Report.  Now, the defusers are not necessarily the culprits.  The culprits are the ones who wanted chaos in America and race riots and protests (and even suspicion).  The Communists came to power in Russia out of the chaos, political turmoil, and starvation of World War 1.  I also believe they intended to come to power here out of the chaos of assassinations, Vietnam, race-relations and unionism.  The liberalism we experience today is the American Way of avoiding all that.      If we can have crooked Intelligence Officers even as we speak,  in all powerfulnations of the globe claiming there are WMDs in Iraq when there weren't any, making Iraq and Saddam out as more powerful than they actually were, hoping to give them more bargaining power when dealing with the U.S., don't you think this same evil element could have existed during the height of the Cold War, that we can have crooked intelligence officers in the 60's with ties to the MOB, the Mafia, the clergy, putting together not one but several assassinations of politically popular figures to go along with an unpopular war, left-educated, doped up college goons and their Marxist ideologies and their Manson-like families of stoned-out flower children.     That the good persons of this nation over came this attack is amazing and speaks of a silent and great group of men who have served us and are not getting the congratulations and adulations they deserve for vanquishing the bad people...repeatedly.  We can't even begin to understand all this until we understand that there are two sides to the equation for all political issues:  Reason vs Faith, Capitalism vs Socialism, and Individualism vs Collectivism.  Reason, Capitalism and Individualism is the good side.(Please read Ayn Rand).      If we were all programmed by our religions and social beliefs to react with a politically correct emotional response anytime the right piano keys were played at the right time, what would happen if the right keys were tinkled the wrong way at the wrong time, is it possible that the bad people who knew our programming could take control away from our elected leaders out of the chaos created by our unrestrained emotions (like Nixon)?  Due to the emotional health and obvious intelligence of the current \\"good-persons\\" of America, the answer is \\"NOT\\".      The good persons of America are showing themselves resistant to programming.  But we all know the Bad People will never surrender easily.  Never surrender is their slogan.  They will continue to stir up racial, religious, and sexual tensions to destroy us if we let them.  And their name is Legion for they are many...people, not persons.      Will we let them?  It's up to you.
0609610570|1.0|This book took about 8 hours to read, and 12 hours to write.  It would have made a really good 500 word article in the Wall Street Journal, but there are only so many times one can repeat the same idea before boring your reader half to death.
B00011D1OA|5.0|This two-disc edition of the excellent 1964 Best Picture winner MY FAIR LADY is out finally in the ultimate DVD release jammed-packed with a chockful of extras that will keep you entertained for hours!! This is a HUGE improvement from the 1998 DVD release with hardly any extras,only commentary,and trailers.The first disc contains the entire 173-minute feature in a beautiful,high-definition transfer taken directly from the 1994 restoration print in its glorious 70mm Super Panavision format (2.20:1),but also has an excellent audio commentary by the film's art director Gene Allen,Audrey Hepburn's singing dub Marni Nixon,and the film's restorationists Robert A.Harris and James C.Katz which originally appeared in the previous '98 release.The second disc is mostly bonus features such as the outstanding 1994 documentary &quot;More Loverly Than Ever&quot; (originally a part of the 30th Anniversary Deluxe Box Set,which is now out of print) which promoted the film's 30th Anniversary rerelease about the making of the film and also the restoration which took nearly two years to complete and is hosted by non-other than the film's co-star and TV's Sherlock Holmes,Jeremy Brett.Also included here are rare production featurettes such as the featurette &quot;The Fairest Fair Lady&quot;,The 1963 Production Kickoff dinner,1964 LA Premiere,Oscar ceremonies,and much,much more!!! I highly recommend this DVD for any fan of great musicals and is perhaps THE BEST 'special edition' release in recent years!!! Three cheers to Warner Bros and CBS!!!!
0385510438|5.0|I was getting bored with Grisham so approached this one warily...and got really hooked.  The characters are really well described and you care about what is happening to them.  A real time capsule of what it was like in the South in the 70's.  Don't miss this one!
B0000696ID|3.0|If you can't wait for a widescreen/special edition version, than stop complaining when you end up with a full screen version. Production companies may very well be trying to get more money off of people buy releasing different versions. But all you need to do is WAIT for the version you really want. It's not like whining will change the mind of a corporate exec.
B00006LWSF|5.0|8Mile the soundtrack begins with the Rocky like vibes of &quot;Lose Yourself&quot; which is one of the best written rap songs of all time hands down. And the album ends with the lyrically driven &quot;Rabbit Run&quot; which contains no hook. In between that is one of the greatest soundtracks of all time. It seems that Eminem get's better with each album that he makes. What worries me is that his flow and talent is so excellent and near perfect that I am doubting if it's possible to get better. As for the soundtrack, Eminem has a few tracks on this album but shines so greatly that the other sub par songs are listenable. 50 Cent emeerges as a shining star on this album with cuts as &quot;Wanksta&quot; and &quot;Places to go&quot;. Along with Obie Trices surprising lyrics and appearences by Jay-Z and Nas this soundtrack goes for gold and hits all the right flows.
B00009APK1|5.0|If you can't wait for a widescreen/special edition version, than stop complaining when you end up with a full screen version.  Production companies may very well be trying to get more money off of people buy releasing different versions.  But all you need to do is WAIT for the version you really want.  It's not like whining will change the mind of a corporate exec.
B000084T18|4.0|Get Rich Or Die Tryin was one of the most anticipated albums to ever come out. The result was record setting album sales, million dollar endorsement contracts, and plenty of television time. 50 got millions of dollars out of the album. What did I get out of listening to this album? Except for a selected few songs not that much. I'm not going to sit here and hate on 50, because he's doing his thing, and i'm not going to sit here and write about what he should have rapped about on his tracks, i'm a critic and I take in what I hear and see and give my opinion on it. 50 is at his best when he's talking about the struggle of just living, something that Notorious B.I.G. did so greatly. That's when 50 shows signs of greatness. But then cuts as &quot;P.I.M.P.&quot; where he claims of being a pimp and over and over again states his gangster persona. Or tracks where he braggs about his riches. Those cuts bring him down to the level of the regular MC's, with only the high production value of Dre's beats that make it somewhat respectable. 50 shines on tracks like, &quot;Many Men (Wish Death)&quot;, &quot;In Da Club&quot;, and &quot;21 Questions&quot;. The album, not great, but good.
B00007AJF9|5.0|The movie is filled with wonderful texture and color--in costuming, characterization, cinematography, and in dialogue.  The color red sets Elizabeth apart from the first scene--her red hair and red sash.  During the course of the movie the color red also symbolizes Elizabeth's blood--&quot;I am my father's daughter.&quot; It represents the blood of all who die as England moves from the darkness of Queen Mary's reign into the light of the Golden Age.  It is fascinating to watch the transition of Princess Elizabeth dancing in the meadow--to imprisonment in the tower--to being crowned as England's monarch--we watch as the spontaneous, earthy girl undergoes a metamorphis and emerges as a calculating and brilliant queen.  Her gender could be her undoing--but Elizabeth outwits the men in her court who wish to witness her downfall by becoming &quot;the virgin queen&quot; and aligning herself with the powerful female icon in the Catholic church--the virgin Mary.  Who knows if any of this is true--but it has the 'ring of truth' in it--and creates great suspense as the story unfolds.
B0000AQS0F|1.0|Don't be fooled - the reason for huge number of five star reviews is because the die-hard fans have started a campaign to overwhelm the more realistic reviews of this show.  It was dull, unoriginal and two-dimensional.  Believing the reviews that have been posted here would be the equivalent of taking spirtual advice from the Reverend Moon.  These people are a cult and as such are overly enthusiastic about something that isn't worthy of the time of someone capable of thinking for themselves.  Don't waste your money.  Joss Whedon is an egomaniacal hack.
B00009ATIX|5.0|I'm really not surprised to see so many negative reviews for this wonderful, dreamlike film; it's certainly not for everyone, especially those who prefer their films pre-digested & undemanding. But for those who are willing to give themselves over to its rich, subtle rhythms, an astonishing experience awaits. An extended meditation on love, loss & memory, this film takes the viewer deep into the heart of Being, far below the trivial layers of the Everyday. George Clooney gives a superb & nuanced performance: a modern Everyman struggling with grief & the limitations of his own imagination, he hopes for that precious second chance we all long for so desperately ... and does he find it? Like so many of the questions raised by this film, the answers are yours to determine.<br />Walt Whitman once said, \\"Great poems demand great audiences.\\" And so it is with this film: passive, spoon-fed viewers need not watch. The filmmaker trusts in the intelligence & depth of soul of those who do watch. Everything contributes to the establishing & sustaining of its mood: gorgeous cinematography, haunting music, a tasteful underplaying of special effects.<br />No, it's not Tarkovsky's masterpiece -- but it's not meant to be, either. Rather it directs a fine & powerful focus on one aspect of its source material, striving for & achieving an emotionally luminous work of Art. Highly recommended!
B00005IC2H|5.0|Its so great!...Right in the moment you start listening these songs your mind promptly logs off the world...The reality gets far away and nice images of fairy tales fill your head taking you to your childhood...If you like Enya, Loreena Mckennitt, or even the Radioheads last songs you must buy this CD...Its pure Magic!!
B000069AUI|2.0|Coldplay is--utterly--derivative.  It certainly is not the worst pop (Coldplay is SO pop!) music ever produced, as the Music Money Machine insists that the most tiresome efforts be well produced these days, so two stars for production values.  But Coldplay is simply uninspired, bland, boring, dull, simple-minded and, yes, juvenile.  I can only pity the legions of fans who, raving about Coldplay, therein reveal profound lack of exposure to, now, 35 years of notably disaffected and alienated balladeering going back to, at least, as another knowledgeable reviewer noted, the great but ephemeral Tim Buckley.  Need depressing music?  The Smiths/Morrissey, anyone?  Sigur Ros?  Too challenging, I suppose.  Ahh, forget it.  Just go back to sleep and forget these pointless criticisms.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I wanted to let the Huntsville hick know... <br />YOU DIDN'T GET IT.  This is a terrific film and Sophia Coppola didn't just win an Oscar because of her father.  Doesn't work that way, believe it or not.  It's actually a really good movie.  If you don't get it, maybe you're too impatient to watch a relationship unfold without seeing some T 'n A.   Or maybe you're just a dumbass without a soul.  But talking about adding a filmmaker to your &quot;slapping b****'s&quot; list pretty much already reveals that anyway.  Try to make a film some day and see how well you do.  I don't care who your father is, it's not easy and to pull one off like this is nearly impossible.  All the haters should save their prescious $22 for their next subscription to an internet porn site if it means so much to them.
B0000B1OGD|1.0|The film is a total letdown. The blue coloring of Gwangi`s hide, the fake looking oversize props like Gwangi`s head, the rubbery pterasaur, the dwarf that becomes wider &amp; taller when Gwangi snaps him up. How about the annoying trumpeting of the elephant? It is so obviously a human doing a bad, very bad imitation of an elephant. And finally poor Gwangi trapped inside the burning church roaring in pain. This is one film where I wanted the monster to win.
0385504209|2.0|This book is a fine mystery, except for the anti-religious themes.<br />I am a Christian and believe the Bible to be the word of God, and 100% accurate - and this book claims in it's story that the New Testament is false along with countless other inaccurate accusations.<br />I would not recommend this book to anyone who is a Christian, because you will be very disappointed by the story and it's alternate view.
0312263120|1.0|The book is a total nonsense. However, it will be a good source of amusement to anyone with a minimal background in computer science. You can find a plenty of gems to share with your collegues during lunch breaks, or to keep people awake during a boring technical presentation. Some examples:<br />- You cryptographers know nothing about security<BR>- 64 bits are sufficient to store 64 characters<BR>- ZIP is an encryption algorithm<BR>- Transltr does not care about an algorithm once it guesses the key<BR>- a program that DEVELOPED a bug<BR>- million bits long encryption keys<BR>- etc...
B0000C0FJB|2.0|I didn't buy Rush In Rio when it first came out. A few bands had already tapped that Brazilian vibe I didn't think Rush's foray would be anything special.<br />I was right.<br />Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge Rush fan. I own everything they've ever released. Twice over, in fact. (I couldn't pass up the Remasters when their catalog was re-issued.) I have wonderful memories of Rush in concert. For example, I saw them perform 2112 live in its entirety back in 1976 and '77. I saw them 2-3 times on their Hemispheres tour, alone. I've seen them a dozen times since then, each time thinking, &quot;Man, something is really missing here.&quot;<br />Maybe its youth -- theirs and mine.<br />Or maybe they -- despite being world class musicians -- haven't had a visit from the Muse in many years.<br />Don't know. All I know for sure is this triple-CD live album is the worst of the live albums they've produced over the decades. The sound is atrocious. Muddier than the Mississippi Delta. Geddy sounds like he's singing from inside of a box buried underground. And Alex's guitar has all the allure of a street corner panhandler.<br />Very few live albums can live up to Rush's first one, All The World's a Stage. (KISS Alive being one.) But Rush in Rio doesn't even come close. It's not even in the same league, doesn't even sound like it's from the same three musicians.<br />The only recommendation I can provide regarding Rush in Rio is that I recommend you save your money.
B00005ASHM|5.0|Being rather large and smelly I know something about creating &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; of my own.<br />At any rate this is a most excellent album, well worth your're time and money.
0920668372|4.0|I think this is a lovely sentiment expressed in a way children can relate to and will remember. I was a little surprised at some of the reviews I read,as I bought my copy in the UK and there is no ladder in the middle of the night and no rocking a grown man in his sleep-the 2 aspects most people seem to have objected to.<BR>Maybe as a result of the weird world we live in, publishers have acknowledged the interpretations some people seem unable to get past and have made some slight modifications. The illustrations also differ-but the important aspect, the beautiful timeless story of the cycle of unconditional love-is as clear and moving as ever.
B000009ED0|5.0|Excellent rock/rap album- Every song on the cd is good and its a fun cd to listen to.<br />1.Bawwitdaba- 5 out of 5 stars- one of my favorites on album<br />2.Cowboy- 5 out of 5 stars<br />3.Devil without a cause- 4 stars<br />4.I am the bullgod- 4.5 stars<br />5.Roving-3.5 stars<br />6.Wasting time- 4 stars<br />7.Welcome 2 the party- 4 stars<br />8.I got one for ya-4.5 stars<br />9.Somebodys gota feel this- 4 stars<br />10.Fist of Rage- 4 stars<br />11.Only god knows why- 5 out of 5 stars - great ballad<br />12.F*** off- 4 stars<br />13.Where u at rock- 3.5 stars<br />14.Black chick white guy-3.5 stars<br />Overall great rock cd worth the money/ Classic
B000068OSK|5.0|I admit that I'm a 70's 80's rock fan and haven't bought many rock albums in the intervening decades.  Someone turned me on to Elephant which has become one of my favorite albums and then based on many suggestions here on amazon, I decided to try this one out.  It's totally different than Elephant -- much more raw and primal, but I like it.  I'm not sure if I'm the only one, but Jack really brings back Robert Plant voice for me -- I would have sworn this was an undiscovered Led Zepplin garage tape had I just heard it out of the blue (well, maybe not the drumming, but the guitar and wailing voices).  This album has that same effect that great Zepplin albums have on me -- I just want to crack them up and blast them for a while.  Elephant is a bit more subtle with songs that vary much more in style.  The songs on this one are all in the same vein, but if you like that vein, you'll enjoy the album.  I guess I'll have to try the other two albums as well.
B000000WA4|4.0|As impressive and epic as these discs are, I still rate &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; as their best offering. There is a huge amount of this that's just as good and better, but at 28 tracks, it's almost too much to take in. I think it took me over a year before I really knew this album. Plus, with so many songs, a few are bound to be filler. If this was one 14-17 track disc, it would be untouchable by anyone, but of course it still amazes. I could also say too much is better than not enough. And in typical &quot;Pumpkins&quot; fashion, half of this is excellent aggressive alt-rock, while the rest is practically a sweet lullaby. Other than the songs everyone knows, my favorites are &quot;Porcelina Of The Vast Oceans&quot; and &quot;Thru The Eyes Of Ruby&quot;. Those two are why I love this band. Truth be known, &quot;Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness&quot; really is essential &quot;Pumpkins&quot;, probably even more than the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;.
B00003Q438|4.0|I can't help but wonder if everyone was watching the same flick. On one hand, a studio released it, and it was accompanied by considerable hype. You have to think they thought it was pretty good. And, the fact is, it wasn't a bomb at the box office. On the other hand, a critic describes THE ABYSS as &quot;ponderous and predictable&quot; and having a &quot;lumbering pace&quot; that's &quot;ultimately lethal&quot;.<br />Well, I like THE ABYSS. It's not great. It's a bit long and a little slow in places. Also, the ending is somewhat over the top, conveying its final message in a rather heavy-handed manner. Be that as it may, THE ABYSS also tells a good story, has some first class special effects, and I liked the way the players handled their roles. There are some pretty intense moments along the way and, though some of them may be improbable, improbabbility isn't novel or necessarily a liability in a scifi movie.<br />As scifi movies go, THE ABYSS isn't a classic. I've got several on my shelf that I like better. Still, I like it enough to have bought it. Go into it with the understanding that you're not getting another ALIEN or STAR WARS and you won't be disappointed.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Just as he's asked by his wife back home to rhetorically choose carpet colors, (any color providing it's burgundy), Copola's family should perhaps stick to making wine.*  This film is an embarrasment to all; Bill Murray for accepting the role, Sophia for using her political clout to be &quot;noticed&quot;, Francis Ford for bankrolling it, Hollywood for racially stereotyping (again), the &quot;Academy&quot; for further self-ridicule; interesting to note how many &quot;reviewers&quot; here have to hurl personal insults at those who rate it low, rather than further hype the film?  <br />*Copola's wine making skills are even questionable ... at a local Oscar party, not only were they pouring his wines, but a rep of his was there, and serving &quot;champagne&quot; in cans.  Where does commercializm end?  And why didn't Murray's character pitch his wines rather than Whisky ... :)<br />Sorry, if you want cinematography see the classic Days of Heaven.
B00006RU5B|5.0|When I first heard of the forming of audioslave, i wasn't too excited, only because back then i wasn't a huge fan of rage or soundgarden (i now love RATM and own all of their cds, but thats a different story). When i first heard \\"Cochise\\" on the radio, i guessed that it was a song from this so called \\"Audioslave.\\" After the song, the DJ announced that it was in fact their first single. I downloaded it (shame on me) and loved it. It was quite possibly my favorite song in a long time. Later on, i heard \\"Like a Stone.\\" I wasn't crazy about it at first, but it realllly grew on me. After hearing \\"Show me How to Live,\\" i was convinced and immediately went out and bought the cd. THIS ALBUM ROCKS! I listened to it all summer and it became a favorite in my music library. This cd is seriously amazing. It offers a perfect blend of different styles, from powerful rockers like \\"Cochise\\" and \\"Show Me How to Live,\\" to slower songs like \\"Like a Stone\\" and \\"I am the Highway.\\" Heres my rating of the songs:<BR>1. Cochise - Their first single, really powerful. Perfect display of Cornell's window-shattering vocals. 10/10<BR>2. Show Me How to Live - Quite possibly the best song on the cd. The chorus is SOOO awesome and powerful. Really good when played loud :) 10/10<BR>3. Gasoline - AWESOME SONG. Offers a different type of song than the first 2. A little bit slower, but still extremely powerful. Cornell is amazing in this song. BURNIN THAT GASOLINNNNEEEE 10/10<BR>4. What You Are - A slower song, but with amazing lyrics. \\"and when you asked for light i set myself on fire\\" is a favorite quote of mine. The song is a lot more mellow than other tracks, but the chorus is awesome. Another amazing display of Cornell's vocal power. 10/10 (am i over rating this cd at all?...no)<BR>5. Like a Stone - The band's second single. Like i said, at first i didn't like this song all that much, but it grew on me. Kinda depressing, but really good none-the-less. Really powerful chorus. 9/10<BR>6. Set if Off -hell yeah. Good song to just cruise around and blast in the cd player. The intro is weird, but cool. I like the transistion after the weird intro, it just starts to rock. SET IT OFF, SET IT OFF MY CHILDREN! 9.5/10<BR>7. Shadow on the Sun - Another slower song at first, but again a powerfull chorus. Cornell rocks later on in the song when he starts screaming the words. I love the words to this song, just a really cool song. 10/10<BR>8. I am the Highway - I really liked this song from the first time i heard it. Really mellow song, but it almost seems to put you into a good mood. kinda sounds like a sad song at first, but then turns happy. ... 9.5/10<BR>9. Exploder - sweet. The song, like the title, explodes. The chorus in this song kiks @$$. 9/10<BR>10. Hyptonize - Different sounding song. Strangely, i havent listened to it that much. i personally don't like it that much. The chorus is weird, and it just doesn't rock. 6/10<BR>11. Bring em Back Alive - cool song. longer intro, then it starts to rock. Weird effects on Cornell's voice. cool chorus. 8/10<BR>12. Light My Way - This song sounds a lot like Rage at times, not that that's a bad thing. AWESOME chorus. really cool song 9/10<BR>13. Getaway Car - doesn't sound like anything on the cd, except mabe \\"I am the Highway.\\" slow throughout the entire song. not bad, tho. 7/10<BR>14. The Last Remaining Light - hmm...can't say i love this song. Really slow and kinda depressing. It builds up as it goes on, but still not that amazing. 6/10<br />In the end, i hafta say this album rocks. It is so powerful and full of good songs. I would really like to see Audioslave in concert, maybe they'll come to Chicago soon. Also can't wait for their next cd.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|simply writing this to add to the one star reviews and offset a lengthy 5 star review. the sky is very pretty tonight.
6305282927|3.0|I finally broke down and watched this movie last night. I have always made a point of avoiding it, knowing full well it was a corny melodydrama. The melody proved to win out over the drama.<br />Anyway, last summer I found Nelson Eddy's record of the Oklahoma score. Nelson or no Nelson, I was only able to get through it a couple of times. As a rule, I don't go for tap-dancing cowmen and hick folks singing about everything being up to date in Kansas City.<br />OK, now about the movie. If nothing else, it held my attention for the eternity it seemed to play. I did fast forward the overture, the entr'acte, and Ado Annie's songs. But I watched the rest.<br />Gordon MacRae wasn't bad; neither was Shirley Jones. I think she was quite pretty in her pre-Partridge days. Not half bad as a singer, either. The man who played Jud was suitably creepy and disgusting. In fact, I think the most powerful element of the story was Jud's stalking Laurie. However, that element kinda got lost in between songs. I did not go for the ballet in the boudoir. I found it a little difficult to swallow that rural Oklahoman females would all be so gloriously accomplished at pli&eacute;s and pirouettes. I did like Shirley Jones' dresses. Ado Annie, Ali Hakim, and Will were incredibly annoying. The scenery was beautiful - a pity they didn't show more of it. I did not like the short-haired bleach blonde dancer. She disturbed my tranquillity.<br />Now, the dream sequence was probably the most interesting part of the movie. Not a word spoken or sung, if I remember correctly - but how much was said with gestures and the surreal lighting, backdrops, and sparse sets. Very, very powerful. I liked also the way they cut off for the entr'acte, when she wakes up to see Jud standing there.<br />I found the end to be incredibly hokey. Oh, if only it had ended when the last strains of Oklahoma, OK! wafted away into silver screen space. But no, we are compelled to sit through a weak resolution to the conflict with Jud, a few appearances by Ado Annie, and a corny court session held in Aunt Eller's kitchen. Not to my particular liking. It was late and I was so incredibly ready for it to be over.<br />I really doubt I'll ever watch this again. Of the four or so R&amp;H musicals I've seen, The Sound of Music is my enduring favourite. State Fair is also very sweet, if not particularly deep. Oklahoma has not increased my desire to see more of their work-on-film, but perhaps someday I shall.<br />It's not that I hate musicals (I used to, but Nelson Eddy changed my mind). It's just that I prefer the escapist type &agrave; la 1930's and early 40's M-G-M: New Moon, Rose-Marie, Sweethearts, The Chocolate Soldier...  The mood and style of musicals had drastically changed by the 50's and the ones made then just don't appeal to me.<br />My advice: Watch this movie if you're a fan of 1950's musicals or Rodgers and Hammerstein, or just for the experience, if you're a classic film fan who has to see all the &quot;classics&quot;. I wouldn't class this as a classic because it ain't classy - but, each to his own.a few appearances by Ado Annie, and a corny court session held in Aunt Eller's kitchen. Not to my particular liking. It was late and I was so incredibly ready for it to be over.<br />I really doubt I'll ever watch this again. Of the four or so R&amp;H musicals I've seen, The Sound of Music is my enduring favourite. State Fair is also very sweet, if not particularly deep. Oklahoma has not increased my desire to see more of their work-on-film, but perhaps someday I shall. <br />It's not that I hate musicals (I used to, but Nelson Eddy changed my mind). It's just that I prefer the escapist type  la 1930's and early 40's M-G-M: New Moon, Rose-Marie, Sweethearts, The Chocolate Soldier...  The mood and style of musicals had drastically changed by the 50's and the ones made then just don't appeal to me.<br />My advice: Watch this movie if you're a fan of 1950's musicals or Rodgers and Hammerstein, or just for the experience, if you're a classic film fan who has to see all the &quot;classics&quot;. I wouldn't class this as a classic because it ain't classy - but, each to his own.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This movie is a waste of good money.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|Hi.  You said the trailer music can be found on i-tunes.  Do you know the title of the song, or how I can get there?  I tried to look, but I couldn't find it.
B00005RHGK|5.0|I have seen some scary movies in my time, but this one is even better than the first one! The cinematography is the key, which is why even in broad daylight, the very thought of the Creeper being nearby can still titillate the senses! He's here, then he's gone; he can fly, and that is the one flaw in the movie: with speed and stealth like that, where does the concept of &quot;Creeper&quot; come in? <br />The kids are on their way home from a game. Of course, the bus is integrated, but hints of homophobia filter in and out of the teasing and bullying that takes place. But that doesn't last long, as a crisis brings together this most divergent of groups: a flat tire is just the beginning of the nightmares these high schoolers are about to experience, and as each chaperone disappears, the kids are left to what little wits they've got to try to make something good out of an ultra-bad situation! <br />Without giving it away, let me add that the ending is anti-climatic -- which paves the way for a &quot;Jeepers Creepers 3.&quot; Congrats on the unique story line, a combination of Disney's &quot;The SCarecrow of Romney Marsh&quot; and &quot;Nightmare on ELm Street.&quot; A must see!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|To err is human.  I will be orderinfg chinese food tonight..any suggestions?
0671027344|5.0|Before you go trashing a novel with this much soul in it...think about it.  You may call it depressing, but life isn't always full of sunshine and fairies.  You may say that Charlie's life is \\"too full\\" of misfortunes...but there ARE people who are that unfortunate, who encounter THAT much stuff...just because you aren't one of them, doesn't mean you have any right to deny that other people do.  It is not \\"catcher in the rye\\"...so don't trash it for not being that.  It's not TRYING to be that.  there is only one catcher in the rye...but that DOES NOT MEAN that there are no other good coming-of-age stories.  In fact, i think this one might just apply to the generation a little better.  And as far as being perverted goes...Chbosky's just honest.  If you're looking for a happy-go-lucky read..avoid it.  If you're looking for a down-to-earth heartfelt story about a boy who may or may not be something like you...then read it.  If you ARE a wallflower you'll feel right at home...if you aren't, hopefully it will shed some light on how it feels to be one.  Insight is never a bad thing.  I literally laughed out loud at parts of this book and felt the pain of the characters as well.  Charlie's insights into the world as a young boy are charming, true, and skillfully crafted
0385512104|3.0|This is a moving and humorous short novel about an autistic teenager's attempt to discover the murderer of a neighbor's dog, and ultimately to navigate the minefield of his parents' broken marriage.  The text is riddled with colorful diagrams, photos, and equations that demonstrate various points the narrator is trying to make; because he sees the world in a very literal way, he finds this technique easier than &quot;putting pictures in people's heads&quot; with words or using metaphors (which he calls &quot;lies&quot;).  Rather than detracting from the story, these &quot;extras&quot; help put us in the narrator's very objective and unemotional mindset.  The chapters are titled with prime numbers--i.e., those numbers divisible only by themselves and 1--a fitting *metaphor* for the very solitary-minded narrator of this book.
B0001BKAEY|4.0|Was it the best movie I've ever seen? No. Did it have some bad parts? Yes. To me I've seen far worser movies out there than this. The only thing I could nit pick at is the crazy dragon ball z type fighting at the end. The whole sequence with the machines breaking into zion was awesome to watch. I'll still end up buying it anyway.
B0000VAFO0|4.0|This is a unique movie, not in terms of gore and blood,but in terms of the subplot. Werewolves vs. vampires is not totally unique, but this is the first movie that features a city full of them, with no human intervention. They control their environment and its like a gang war at a supernatural level. The werewolves are a threat, but there is someone who wants to mix the blood and create a super creature. Can he do it?<br />The movie is not reliant at all on the special effects which, by the way, are top-notch. The story line -- absolute power corrupts absolutely -- is spellbinding enough on its own. The idea of a vampire falling in love wiht one of the few humans that is left is patronizingly dull, but it works becuase the human is transformed via a wolf bite; and now he seeks to bridge the gap because he is in love with the beautiful heroine (if you can say that) of the movie, Kate Beckinsdale. <br />I have seen her role once before, It is the role that was played by the Russian chick in Resident Evil. Neither of these women feared anything, and despite being in need of breast transplants, still captivate the screen with their athleticism, courage and androgynous antics. <br />This movie deserves a sequel.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Nothing more to add other than to gloat over my very clever subject heading.
B00009V7P8|5.0|I first heard Rice on a local radio station that played 'Volcano' every now and again. I downloaded it after deciding that it was something unique and really worth hearing, and then decided to get the record. I would've bought the record just for that song, and figured I would be doing so. I was very, very wrong. The songs are all amazing and unique in and of themselves. Some might call him clichd because he reminds you of so many other great artists, but Damien Rice has a uniqueness that is his alone as well. The execution of it all is just unbelievable. The second half, what I almost want to call a reprisal, of 'I Remember,' builds up to sound heavier than the average metal song without any electric guitar. Just, the power and emotion of the song and the instruments, it's unbelievable. This CD is true, blue, real MUSIC, more than anything I've ever heard.
B00005Q4CS|2.0|This film, in a word, sucks. For those of you who don't know, heroin <BR>will consume your life. There, I saved you from having to endure the<BR>assault this film provides in the form of a two hour funhouse ride into the bowels of hell. If you enjoy watching people destroy themselves and have nothing better to do with your time then watch this movie; you're probably dead already anyway. Otherwise, treat yourself to an  ice cream and forget about the fact that people make some dumb-ass choices that eventually lead to their demise. I've had more fun drilling holes in my toenail to relave the pressure after I dropped a pepsi on my foot. And all I wanted was a pepsi...
B00008PW2D|1.0|No doubt that the DVDs of this series is the most sought after. But HBO is just too much! Pricing $32 for 8 miserable episodes! If you want to fight piracy, you should respect people who buy original copies by pricing the DVDs reasonably! The most I'd pay for 8 episodes would be $15! And you know what? A lot of people turned to the pirated copies because of the arrogant people such as those in HBO demanded an unreasonable price!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|simply writing this to add to the one star reviews and offset a lengthy 5 star review.  I like videogames, expecially Zelda games.
B000002UJQ|5.0|While OK Computer might be more approachable than Kid A (therefore more popular), it is not as ambitious as the latter.  Anyway, Ok Computer is ambitious though... Realming the modernistic angst and hystria surrounding the nineties.  When thom Yorke screams slow down it is not simple whinging, but instead culminating frustration at the rapid yet misguided progression of the nineties.  Is it a direct attack on technology? No, that would limit the expansive lattitude of the record.  Individaully there are barely any weak points.  The most overrated single, Paranoid Android, is far above the average putout of today's standards.  The album opens with what is perhaps the best song of the album &quot;airbag&quot;.  Yorke seems to hint and reinforce that he has, in fact, bee saved by technology, modern innovation has set him free.  Yet slowly or shall I say quickly we witness his regressing bias towards the effects of technology.  Thts the first listen.  The second time around we are wiser.  We understand this album is layered, not like Kid A which exist as more meditatively obsurity but as simplistic quirkiness. airbag sounds less like a celebration and more like a terrorizing anthem claiming that Yorke has been born again.  Implying that he has died thanks in part to the madness of automobiles.  Is it a relief?  See my point.  If your getting into Radiohead start here, if you dont get i, or don't like it then try the bends and the latter stuff.  Don't think of touching Kid A.  Don't even think of touching Kid A...
B00005JMCT|4.0|I fully enjoyed this 3rd installment in the American Pie series. I think these characters become more and more likable as the movies are made. I have a feeling that there will be more to come. The trilogy was so popular that fans will insist on more. This movie was so funny, although goes 2 da x-treme at times. If you know what I mean. The chocolate truffle scene for instance. Very funny thanks to Seann William Scott, but very gross at the same time. The bachelor party was one of my favorite parts of the movie. Those two blondes were funny and sexy. I also liked the gay club scene, when Bear was introduced and he and Stifler had the dance-off. The film is loaded with laugh out loud humor, the DVD has plenty of extras. I recommend the whole series. It's like a really good on-going movie sitcom with nudity and language.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This was a great series that really got short changed by the network it was on.  If it had been given better treatment by FOX it'd still be on today.  Definately worth checking out, it's fan base has only grown since it's been taken off the air.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This has to be one of the few movies where someone received a best director nomination even though you could see the boom mic in several scenes LOL!!  Reminded me of a freshman student film where the director has not yet learned to line up the shot to avoid having the boom mic rereflect into the camera.
B00004XONN|5.0|Its easy to see why Kid A is less regarded than it's counterpart Ok Computer.  Kid A is harder to dive into it takes everything away from modern sound and songwriting and reintroduces each in a aurora-like revival.  The opening song, &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot;, echoes with synthesizers and mutated organs.  Unlike Ok Computer this album we can sense will be harder to touch, vast like nothing before it.  Yorke struggles to find his voice, and when he does we begin our journey.  The album can be interpreted as a sister album for Ok Computer,yet unconcerned about such problems as on the previous album.  Instead of worrying, Kid A yearns to paint a vivid picture of our transcending future.  However, medidtation of means of interpretation serve almost pointless, and almost undermines the experience, unlike OK.  Kid A dances like a carefree child amongst an evovlving background.  It sounds like Loveless and Portishead's Dummy, but thats just the best way to describe it, far from the truth.  Lyrics written that sometimes show know coherent nature, like dreams that produce no precedent or understanding.  Putting it together proves are weakest tool, the mind, to be worthless.   What Radioead has done here, makes the mind seem inferior to the ear.  And maybe thats the truth spoken.  That we, society, tend to endorse trivial comprehension over instinctive behavior.
0671027573|5.0|This is my very first Linda Howard Book, and I made a mistake of opening it on a sunday midnight, I underestimated Howard and I stupidly assumed that it will put me to sleep in a second.  I mean, there's nothing wrong with staying up all night to finish a book, but staying up all night AND then having a midterm the next day, that just sucked big time.  I found myself still wide-eyed and almost halfway through it when I mistakenly glanced at the clock and wat do u know...it's already 3:00...Believe me, if I said it almost killed me to put it down...<BR>So u might be wondering...wat is it with this book that is &quot;unstoppably un-puttable&quot; --if there's such a word--(assuming u read the synopsis above)It may sound like a typical chic mystery with a little bit of romance..well, it is NOT...The chemistry, or should I say boiling chemistry between Jaine and Sam was just all PEAKS through out the novel, yep, that's right, I guarantee u, that there's no downhill...this book had made me laugh the most times while other novels have their one big nuclear comic relief, this one is like having dozens of firecrackers strewn around the chapters.  It also achieved sincere affections not only from the main characters, Jaine and Sam, but also from the secondary characters--that's not usual, I say.<BR>It is also capable of invoking suspense even if the mystery is really out and naked--which beats the mystery part, if u know wat I mean--but STILL, there is that feeling of dread and anticipation as the psychotic loser hunts each woman.<BR>Ok, there's humor, romance, suspense...wat else did I miss? oh yah, there is drama, with all that crying and grieving, OF COURSE there is DRAMA.  But it's not straight out solid DRAMA.  There's enough humor to keep the novel on its right course.<BR>I still have some misgivings about the plot and the murder outline.  DO NOT EXPECT a Thomas-Harris-Red-Dragon type of serial killing.  It is not.  As for me, I don't care.  It is worth a couple of percentage off my midterm exam.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I am a big fan of this show: vivid, sharp characters, good action, mysteries unfolding and all in the space with cool spaceships.<BR>Too bad it was cancelled. Luckily there is this DVD. But I would love to see another season.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|but then I found out it was a spoof to fool all the wannabe intellectuals.  They have identified themselves here with their 5 star reviews.
B00009ZYBY|5.0|Gladiator presents to movie goers a refreshing and original piece of story telling. The plot is easy to follow but contains enough twists and creativity to keep viewers interested. Personally, I myself would rank this movie high on my list of the greatest films of all time...Entertaing and truly superb, Gladiator is a true winner.<BR>   The performances were extraordinary. Russell Crowe is amazing as Maximus, but the real standout, omitted in earlier reviews, is by Joaquin Phoneix, as the looked down upon Caesar of Rome, Commodus. My two other favorite were played out by Connie Neilsen and Richard Harris. Overall, the charcters brought their emotions upon the auidience very well and let me relate to them. <BR>    Technically, the film acheives greatness all across the board.<BR>From the spectacular visuals, state of the art direction (Ridley Scott), and fitting costumes, to the screenplay and powerfull score (Hans Zimmer).<BR>    The many battle scenes are breathtaking and extremly fun to watch. Some memorable scenes included the opening battle with the barbarians of Germania, The first colleseum battle in Rome, the tiger fight, Maximus' getaway, and the climatical concluding battle between Maximus and Commodus. <BR>   Overall the film is unflawed. Bound to give you chills, Gladiator is the story of betrayal, lost love, revenge, and loyalty. As you know gladiator won multiple oscars at the 2000 Academy awards inclusing best picture and actor, Joaquin recieved only a nod. PLease, if you have not yet seen Gladiator, rent it, NOW! even if you care less for the genre Gladiator is sure to deliver
B0000669JL|5.0|One of the most unbelievable Cd's i have ever heard. Song after song is just packed with great lyrics and great music. Bob Marley's Legend puts a whole new prespective not only on reggage music, but on music as we know it today and with out his guidance bands such as 'sublime', 'O.A.R', 'Dispatch', or even 'Peter Tosh' may not have had such success with their music. All in All this CD is a Deff. buy.
0385504209|5.0|One of the most entertaining books I've ever read. I'm not sure how accurate the book is, but even if everything included in this book is false it still makes for a great read. Many readers will certainly find this book to be offensive. Keep an open mind while reading this book. it's validity may be questionable, but the thought it provokes is unparalelled by any other novel! It's the kind of book that you'll make sure you find time to read!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|in the lead.  He is closer to the girl's age and mush more handsome then the pocked marked Murray.
B000000993|5.0|Wow...Tool never ceases to amaze me with their intricate style and playing abilities.  This is just a cd I can put in from time to time and just listen to it all the way through.  Beats the hell out of these bands like Linkin Park and Story of the Year who continue to pollute the air waves with crappy music and hold up space for real talented artists trying to make it for one reason only...and thats not money but PASSION
B000002H72|5.0|essential cds<br />the clash- london calling<br />the pixies- doolittle<br />the smiths- Strangeways, Here We Come<br />the cure- wish<br />david bowie- the rise and fall of ziggy stardust<br /><br />  there are others but these are the ones that i gotta have...  the pixies atleast for me are like the glue of the world.  their music is always in my head.  holds everything together..
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|Coming from and unlikely fan(I have recently discovered TOOL thanks to my girlfriend..although i remember listening to &quot;H&quot; and loving it even back in 1998). But anyway..i'd just like to say that this album it is what you all say..&quot;AMAZING&quot;!! The lyrics..the sound and melodies..the musicianship are far better than anything that's out there right now!! As far as rock..there isn't a better band out there than APC! My favorite track..&quot;THE NOOSE&quot;..is everywhere! It's in my car..on my pc..at work..EVERYWHERE!! It takes me to a place full of serenity..sweet like candy to my soul!! A+
B00005JMJ4|1.0|But since I dislike nepotism will drop a one star review down here.  Seems I am not alone.
0385504209|1.0|This story is beyond believable and not particularly well written.  There are so many hints at things to come; the reader is left hanging just too many times. There are too many long explanations of historical events, theories, art.  The main characters continue to be  chased by the police, like some Hollywood concoction. All that is missing is a car chase.  The storyline is so convoluted that I felt I could not take another twist or explanation.  To be honest, I cannot finish the book.
B000066NW0|4.0|people said the same things about alanis morrisette, jewel, fiona apple and sarah mclachlan.  and guess what.  everyone had the cds and in the dark everyone liked the music.  with fiona apple is was &quot;shes trying to just like tori&quot; because she played the piano and sang at the same time(only reason i didnt buy the second album is because i coudlnt remember the name of it, it was too long)..  alanis was a winch..  jewel could never make up her mind and was way too soft.  sarah mclachlan was over played.  <BR>yes alot of the people giving this cd reviews are giving it bad ones but look at the total stars it was given...<BR>my significant other hates her too but ill admit it, i do have this cd in my car.
6303824382|2.0|The most flattering appraisal one could give of &quot;Die Hard With a Vengeance&quot; is &quot;moronic&quot;.  What else is one to remark of a movie in which people are manifestly killed for the pleasure of the audience watching it?  It is a sign of our profoundly debased and witless times that the same rating of 3.5 stars should have been given by a pundit to this brutal, vainglorious, and puerile film as he had elsewhere deigned to give to a very different film, &quot;Dr. Ehrlich's Magic Bullet&quot; (1940; director William Dieterle; starring Edward G. Robinson, in a magnificent performance), which concerns the historical career of a famous medical scientist and his brilliant and heroic accomplishments, which quite literally saved countless millions of human lives.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Meatballs was better directed..even Meatballs II.  I like video games.  I recommend the Starfox series and Pokeman.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|In a simultaneously emotionally stimulating role, the musical score fits the film's atmosphere and gravity well. Composed by John Debney, best known for his works for scoring typical family fare and comedic movies such as Snow Dogs, Spy Kids, The Hot Chick, and The Scorpion King, among other notables, the score marks a true exception to his usual work and stands on its own as one of the most powerful film scores I have heard since Gladiator and The Lord of the Rings trilogy. Employing some modern day instruments with a plethora of ancient instruments from Christ's time period, such as the Aramaic flute-like duduk and the Egyptian stringed oud, Debney succeeds in creating a highly atmospheric yet completely emotional score for an equally emotional film. Employing chanting choirs, ancient instruments, emphatic drum beats, and a victorious finale, the album is an emotionally epic and involving work.
B00006RINF|5.0|This cd is simply amazing!  I recently got into Lacuna Coil from somebody on a message board saying how amazing they were.  I listened to Tight Rope and just had to get the CD.  Some of my other favourites on this CD are Heaven's a Lie and Swamped, but they are all incredible!  Christina's voice is so beautiful!  I definitely recommend this band to anyone!  Great f*cking stuff!
B0000584V3|5.0|'Blackwater Park' is perhaps the best example of how ingenious melodic death metal works when it's at its best... stretching progresseively from powerful highly paced death metal passages to quiet low-paced, yet naturally inserted riffs this album unfolds a gothic universe of great diversity. <br />Some say that Opeth sold out by doing Blackwater Park. That's plain ignorant... they developed as most musicians should do, and in my opinion the development seems natural considering their previous releases. Its like saying that 'Death' should have done 'Scream, Bloody Gore' over and over again... give me a break! 'Blackwater Park' is a masterpiece due to its ingenious blend and the brooding dark atmosphere which signifies nordic metal altogether has not been lost... rather it has been intensified by a group of very skilled musicians.<br />Future releases from Opeth will probably prove the diversity and courage of the band, but altogether: This is a MUST OWN album!<br />This review is an extract from the upcoming Metal Music Guide Mazzer.dk ([...] It will be launched by 01.07.2004. Bookmark us now!
B0001ADB8C|4.0|The box set I just received has all the good and bad points listed by other reviewers,so many other studio rarities could have been added,the re-mastering is terrific,I was mainly interested in the DVD and that is why it has the elation/frustration factor.After years of being told no proper video existed of the Japan Concert,along comes the DVD with stunningly perfect filming of four of the tunes,and snippets of two others and to think someone at Capitol is sitting on this concert footage makes me think that they are not in touch with the collectors,the packaging is superb but where are the&quot;boxed set&quot; nuggets that make this major expenditure justified? Also the Live in Japan is 5.1 surround ONLY if you have a SACD decoder not a surround sytem that plays DVD's,don't get me wrong I'm elated for the set,just frustrated by the lack of judgement at Capitol for what the consumer of such a package is looking for!A Live in Japan George Harrison DVD would be fantastic even though we have been tantalized by a few tunes already.
B0000VCZKM|1.0|If anyone has ever seen the Stage version of this musical, you can't help but understand that this version is overproduced.  Hard Knock Life is over choreographed, as is Easy Street as well as some other songs.  Ray Stark should have kept to the simple trick of the original stage play.  He did not keep it simple.  Gone is \\"NYC\\" only to be replaced by \\"Let's go to the Movies\\".  <BR> While the Disney version is cut down to the 2 hour TV. movie, it works better.<BR> As for the idea of releasing this as a full frame disk, wait for Columbia to wise up and remaster the film for wide screen.
0743455967|5.0|Begun in 1997 and finished in 1999, On Writing is a memoir in which  Stephen King talks about the craft of writing and his life as a writer.  It begins with him talking about some of the events that helped to form him into a writer.  Most of the memories that he shares are from his early adolescent years, college, and the years before and after Carrie, his first major novel.  He then moves on to the tools of writing, such as grammar and vocabulary and the questions he gets asked at seminars as well as those he wishes he got asked.  He offers advice about adverbs, character development, revising your work and a lot more.  He concludes the book with a short chapter about his accident and how writing didn't save his life; it just made it a brighter and more pleasant place.  <br />I think that On Writing is a really great and useful book.  King really knows what he is talking about since he has been writing for a long time.  Also he isn't afraid to say what he wants to say.  For instance, he believes that adverbs deteriorate a story, so he comes right out and says, &quot;Adverbs, like the passive voice, seem to have been created with the timid writer in mind.&quot;  Some people may not like it, but he feels that he has the experience to be blunt with his advice if he needs to be.  I really liked this book and I couldn't find anything wrong with it.  I would recommend this book especially to Stephen King fans and aspiring writers, but I think that most anyone will enjoy this book.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I came across this cd on Amazon.  I had never heard of Gavin Degraw.  I am hooked on this cd.  Every song is great.  I was pleasantly surprised when Degraw opened for the Barenaked Ladies at a recent concert....he sounds even better live.  Very talented artist.
B000055Y0X|5.0|I have given myself an impossible task in trying to write a review of this film because it is impossible to try and explain how great it is within a review.<BR>This is satire at its most biting. Peter Sellars is the man in this film, actually he's three men. And he carries off all the roles brilliantly. As the President of the USA, an RAF general and as the title caracter Dr. Strangelove this man shines like a sunrise.<BR>George C Scott is also great as the ultra-jingoistic army adviser, the man looks like hes about to explode when he gets on one of his &quot;commie&quot; rants. <BR>Slim Pickens and Sterling Hayden also provide brilliant support in their respective roles, but it would be unfair to divulge into what they do, becuase if you havent seen this film it would ruin it for you by reading it.<BR>The real star of this though has to be the great Stanley Kubrick, quite simply the man was just short of a genius. His trademark visuals are all over this film, the man could make watching someone read a magazine compelling if he wanted to.<BR>But the thing that stands out the most for me while watching this film has to be the fact that there are a lot of similarities to the events of today. Tweak the script ever so slightly and you've got an accurate satire of the modern Ameriacan govt and their war campaigns. And that is more frightening than any Doomsday Device.
B000000WF0|1.0|This album is as lifeless as it's cover.  Don't buy this!  You will be a lot more bitter than sweet in the end. Avoid!
B000092T6M|3.0|Growing up this was one of my favorite movies-- I was 13 when the film was released and I saw it seven times in the movie theatre. I was really excited when I learned that there was an expanded edition with added footage and looked forward to the deleted scenes.<br />They are not that good; they break up the narrative almost to detrimental effects and often times lead to confusion. For example; a man, mid-way through the movie has his tongue cut out, the next few times we see him he cannot talk, in one of the last scenes he speaks (the scene where he speaks at the end is in the original and the other scenes were added). This made the experience kind of sour for me. Also with an expanded edition I was hoping for letter-box, but alas, I was disappointed again (yet, I admit this is my own fault for not checking first).<br />The added features are all right, but not spectacular-- two separate feature length commentaries which aren't very interesting and a network behind-the-scenes program hosted by Pierce Brosnon; nice but I was expecting more.<br />If you are like me and were a big fan of the original, I wouldn't buy this movie; it tries so hard to reinvent itself with the added scenes, to its own peril, it's not nearly as enjoyable. I gave it 3 stars because the bulk of the movie is still as I remembered it.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I will admit that I am one of those people that generally go for a movie that is action packed, funny, and essentially in your face with the message they are trying to convey. I tend to dislike movies that have a more subtle message, or require too much thought to figure out what it all really means.  Then I saw &quot;Lost in Translation.&quot; This movie is not obvious about the message it is trying to get accross but as a person who hates to think about movies, this one required some thought and I enjoyed it even more because of that.<br />This movie was moving, beautiful, thought provoking and just all around enjoyable.  <br />I gave it five stars and feel that in all actuallity this movie is a 10!
B00005LMBK|5.0|The gorillaz are a blend of so many musical styles that it has something for everyone. But the reviewers that dont like this album dont like it because its something &quot;new&quot; to them and well its new to everyone but this album is jammed pack with great and upbeat rythms. Each song on this song on this album is so unique each is great in its own way (except for 12). My personall favorite on the album would have to be 5/4. Well, it might be something new but hopefully we'll be seeing many great things from these guys in the future.
B000002MI4|3.0|I've been listening to a lot of Philip Glass and Steve Reich lately,and its caused me to go back to this album to give it another go.Previously I thought that it was an interesting experiment which hadn't worked out very well.Now I think that it is a good album for rockers and classical music lovers to use to stretch their ears a little.So called crossover albums are usually horrifying-does anyone else remember that album that Procol Harum did with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra? Elvis flatly denounces the concept in the liner notes.And not everything on this album works.It isn't the brilliant work that some of the other reviewers seem to think that it is.But it is a worthwhile experiment and a work that should be given a fair chance.Rockers and classical music lovers tend to be snobbish and dismissive of one another.This is a good work for them to live with for a while.When Elvis and the Brodsky's click-on &quot;Jackson Monk and Rowe&quot; or &quot;Romeos Seance&quot;-the results are as beautiful and valid as anything either of them have ever done.<br />Three stars because some of this simply doesn't work. But this is a work anyone who likes Elvis or the Brodsky's should have in their collection.
B000002JNJ|5.0|I love the way this album sounds! It's so damn heavy!!!<BR>Cemetary Gates is a true classic!
B00005YU1O|4.0|Perception wavers.<br />Great art provokes reaction,<br />Connections in life.
6305692572|2.0|The scenario of a family dealing with a wife being the abuser rather than the husband is not commonly explored, yet this particular plot was ill-conceived, which almost makes it a crime. If a story as important as this can't be told well, it's better not to tell it at all, or the effect is that the viewers are numbed to a reality people should care more about. And when I finished watching this film, I yawned and put in something more gripping, while I should have at the very least been lulled into a few moments of reflection or contemplation.<br />For the most part, though the screenplay wasn't great, I feel poor casting is responsible for the film's failure. Try as she might, it just doesn't seem Meg Ryan can be taken seriously doing much else than romantic comedy. No, she isn't a bad actress, but the quirky, cute persona is what carries her, and when she attempts to be serious, she comes off as a little witchy and intolerant, not at all sympathetic or likable. In this particular role as the substance-abusing wife and mother, she doesn't  inspire sympathy, never expresses any depth of confliction, and never convincingly emerges with dignity, though I suspect it was meant to be an empowering story. <br />Andy Garcia is &quot;blah&quot; as her husband. Yes, he's suitable as a nice guy who is confused as he both supports her and tries to hold her accountable, but he often comes across less confused and reticent and more wary and aloof as if he's actually secretly distracted by his dealings as a mob flunky or something.<br />The best performance is by Tina Majorino, who doesn't for a moment look like the spawn of Ryan and Garcia, but who's authentic reactions of fear and confusion when victimized by her mother are heart-rending. Thus to the film's credit, I guess the reality of a child being the most vulnerable victim in situations of substance abuse is demonstrated, but is not a strong enough impression to make this an even moderately impressive film.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|Subtle and heartfelt.<br />Emotional connections,<br />Genuine and real.
B00003CWN3|5.0|For years I hesitated every time I passed this movie in the video store. Was I ready to be emotionally assaulted? Convicted? Humbled? But finally, I was... and indeed, I was, yes, assaulted, convicted, and humbled.<br />*Assaulted* by feelings of injustice, feelings of rage toward ignorance and cruelty suffered by the story's heroes. <br />*Convicted* by the fact that my lack of education on issues from which I personally don't suffer (in this case, gender identity crises) could make me appear indifferent to intolerance.<br />*Humbled* by the realization that, though I seek to broaden my views, there is always more compassion to be instilled and lessons to be found in examples I never considered could relate to me.<br />A person doesn't have to relate with gender identity issues to be affected by the weight of a film that so successfully  entreats its viewers to recognize the injustice of prejudice. Though it may seem fairly simple - a true story in which a girl is victimized once by her own psyche and again by the fear of her lover's kin - &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; is an understated masterpiece. Through raw and real script-writing and acting, it ultimately serves to demonstrate the damage done by a community fueled by fear, pride, ignorance and hatred rather than by understanding, compassion, education, and at the very least, tolerance.
B00003CXMG|4.0|4.5 stars.  While the script is the actual star of the film, the cast is exceptional as an ensemble and every actor here is worth mentioning at least once.  But it's the word-play and the situations that these fine actors find themselves in that propells the film forward.  The script is so sharp, in fact, that many times during the movie I felt some of the actors had a hard time keeping up.  Don't take that as a negative criticism because screenplays are rarely this well-written with such a huge cast as its centerpiece.  It just doesn't come together all the time.  I should not forget to mention the outstanding soundtrack, which I'm sure was hand-picked by Cameron Crowe.  He is notorious for his films having fantastic soundtracks.  \\"Singles,\\" for instance.  I have watched this movie many times and I always laugh and get carried away with the interesting lives of those on tour.  This movie has great acting, an exceptional script, and another great soundtrack.  This is a journey worth taking.
0142004235|5.0|Recently I reviewed on Amazon.com the film East of Eden with James Dean and Jo Van Fleet, mentioning that the movie was little more than a few chapters at the end of John Steinbeck's great novel.  The performances by Dean and Van Fleet, who won the academy award for her work, were superb, but the book is much much better than the film for several reasons.<br />One of these reasons is a great story.  Some readers may shy away from the classics thinking they may be long on art and short on an entertaining plot.  In the case of East of Eden, these readers would be wrong.  From the opening pages we are drawn into the lives of two families, the Trasks and the Hamiltons.  Steinbeck's mother was a Hamilton and Steinbeck enters the story toward the end to give his account of his family and their relationship with the Trasks in Salinas, California.  We follow the lives of three generations of Hamiltons and Trasks as they struggle to find meaning and purpose for living.  The biblical story of Cain and Abel is the foundation on which the novel is built and the rivalry of Cal and Aron Trask (the Cain and Abel of the Bible) for their father Adam's love is one lynchpin of the novel.  Unlike the Bible, Cal does not kill Aron directly, but may be said to be responsible for his death.  Anytime Cal, the James Dean character in the film, is involved with the plot, the story moves quickly forward and is genuinely entertaining.<br />The same can be said of Cathy Trask, Adam's estranged wife, who becomes Kate, the madam of a whorehouse.  Cathy is a perfect example of the bad seed.  From her childhood where she kills her parents in a fire to her suicide at the end of the story, she does no good thing and evil follows here wherever she goes.  Like Satan in Milton's epic poem Paradise Lost, she is the most interesting character in the novel, even though her portrayal is, for the most part, one dimensional.  We wait impatiently for each of her entrances in the story to see what bad business she will initiate.  Her encounters with her son Cal, both in the book and in the film, are highlights for the reader and viewer.<br />One more character worth noting is Lee, the Chinese servant of the Trask family.  Lee is always the voice of reason and goodness.  He is at the center of the discussions that form the heart of the novel; that is, that we are allowed by God to choose the direction and purpose of our life.  The novel ends with Adam saying from his death bed, \\"Timshel,\\" that is, \\"thou mayest.\\"  The glory of being human is freedom of choice.  We are neither predestined nor commanded, but allowed to decide our own way.<br />East of Eden is a great American novel, not perfect by any means, but ambitious in its size and scope and incomparably better than almost all the best sellers that sit on top of the New York Times top ten list, at least in my opinion.  Readers who are interested in a story of families trying to find some meaning and purpose in life are sure to be genuinely entertained by the Hamiltons and Trasks as they struggle to survive in the land East of Eden.she will initiate.  Her encounters with her son Cal, both in the book and in the film, are highlights for the reader and viewer.<br />One more character worth noting is Lee, the Chinese servant of the Trask family.  Lee is always the voice of reason and goodness.  He is at the center of the discussions that form the heart of the novel; that is, that we are allowed by God to choose the direction and purpose of our life.  The novel ends with Adam saying from his death bed, \\"Timshel,\\" that is, \\"thou mayest.\\"  The glory of being human is freedom of choice.  We are neither predestined nor commanded, but allowed to decide our own way.<br />East of Eden is a great American novel, not perfect by any means, but ambitious in its size and scope and incomparably better than almost all the best sellers that sit on top of the New York Times top ten list, at least in my opinion.  Readers who are interested in a story of families trying to find some meaning and purpose in life are sure to be genuinely entertained by the Hamiltons and Trasks as they struggle to survive in the land East of Eden.
B00005JLEU|4.0|4.5 stars.  This film is so incredibly original and the characters are so overwhelming and striking that my first impression was:  \\"This is like watching a Japanese 'Alice in Wonderland.'\\"  This film is equally confusing and exhilerating.  The plot could, and often does, go anywhere.  The characters are capable of magic and/or amazing strangeness that made me blink: \\"Did I just see that?\\"  I got \\"Spirited Away\\" and was enthralled with the unusual animation techniques and completely Eastern story-telling which, in my humble opinion, is more free-wheeling and experimental than Western studios who are more interested in making money than making art.  This film, from the director of \\"Princess Mononoke,\\" I consider wholeheartedly, to be of the latter ilk.  That is to say, I think it is \\"Art.\\"  It is dynamic and original, with a strong female child as its centerpiece (another rarity these days), and the images linger long after the film has ended.  This film won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature Film.  Deservedly so.
B00005QCVY|5.0|I love movies, especially one's that have a deep meaning and portray it in a beautiful way.  and no movie does that like,It's a Wonderful Life
B000002UAI|5.0|Great 14 track album from the era when the Beatles had the world in the grasp of beatlemania-just nothing out there like this today!
0345441184|5.0|This book was fun.  I loved the intricacies of the characters.  There was no clear good-guy/bad-guy in this story.  People were real, with good qualities and not so good qualities.
B00001YXH6|5.0|Of all the Cirque du Soleil shows I think this one is the best!!<BR>Saw my first live performance in Las Vegas, but if you can not see one live this is the next best thing. Also have two other tapes and have enjoyed them as well. A great purchase and wonderful entertainment.
B00004S876|1.0|I give this SACD version just one star because there's an updated version in SACD that happens to be multi-channel, whereas this is just STEREO. I don't find much reason to have this one, or any stereo SACDS for that matter, cause the change from the CD is not worth it. So there's no reason for you to have this SACD version instead of the Multi-channel, except of course, if you have your player hooked to a stereo amplifier. But even then, you will miss the slightly different sound that the songs have because of the new mixing in the Multi-Channel SACD. It's a little more expensive, but is better. Just look for it here in Amazon. THE SOUND IS COMPLETELY AMAZING ! NOTE: look for it under \\"TOTO\\" in \\"POPULAR MUSIC\\". For some reason, the M.CH.TOTO IV is not listed in the search list of SACD's.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|There's less than meets the eye in this tediously overpraised example of good old fashioned Hollywood nepotism. Even more egregious than the baseless fawning was the film's trailer, which misrepresented this yawner as a comedy by showing EVERY funny scene in the film. Two stars for the exterior shots of Tokyo (although if you've been there, you know that even there, the film underplays the mindblowing reality).
6302914191|4.0|How is it that some of the worst Television series have made it onto DVD, and the beautiful, dark, sublime TP has not followed?<BR>Shame on you!<BR>I bought the whole series on vhs in the early 90's. and after watching the first season on dvd, realized the incredible beauty of David Lynch's eye that i missed the first time...why should i be forced to watch this great epic on VHS? The 2nd season is even greater than the first....shame on you to deny us the DVD version of this great, epic, 2nd season!!
B000127LW2|1.0|In a matter of one week, huge numbers of fans have gathered on the message boards of [...] and other websites to discuss their disappointment with the newly released box set, including its packaging, poor quality disc branding, and the shockingly disgraceful special features disk.<br />When I first got a hold of the box set, I was very excited to have something to look forward to watching that evening. In my mind, all I could think about were &quot;What are they going to do with this box set?&quot; First and foremost was the packaging: a new, sleek design intrigued me when I first saw it. However, to my dismay and that of countless fans all throughout the US, we instead discovered a low-quality, poorly constructed box-set providing little to no protection to the discs held within. Furthermore, the box set (opening in two pieces) I found to be quite clumsy and uninteresting. Other than the Voyager logo imprint, there was nothing to make this set &quot;unique&quot;.<br />This alone did not dissuade Star Trek fans, however.<br />Yet we were then again struck down. This time, by the CD branding: a white lettering on a plain, reflective silver background. When held upright to be read, the ST:Voyager label and season/disc number could be read easily, but the episode names and release dates were scratched into the center of CD, and wrapped around the interior circumferance with some 8pt, arial-like font. After having SQUINTED my eyes to finally make out the episode name, &quot;Caretaker&quot;, I popped the DVD into my player and pressed play.<br />The DVD menus were, by far, the most blan and un-eventful ever! Both TNG and DS9 box sets provided the viewer with a nearly interactive menu and the feeling and sensation that you were operating out of a console from a Star Trek set. In addition, music and sound FX added to this experience. Instead, we're left with four still images of Voyager, and a delayed Voyager fanfare. At this point, I and others like myself, began to wonder if Paramount had made a mistake with their released box set... if somehow, Paramount had accidentally released a beta version of the set.<br />Then came the episodes. All crisp quality picture and sound. But that's to be expected with DVD technology and was precedented with TNG and DS9.<br />After the first disc, many fans quickly moved on to the second disc only to find that, in certain box sets, discs were mixed up and/or missing! Fortunately, I escaped this problem, but countless others who purchased the box set had to return it for another set containing all of the correct discs.<br />And finally, after watching all of season one's episodes, we arrived at the highly-anticipated special features disc described by startrek.com as containing &quot;...one of the most interesting &quot;what if&quot; scenarios you will ever see is the footage of acclaimed actress Genevihve Bujold as Captain Janeway.&quot; Granted, this special feature was intriguinging and made me wonder how the series would have shaped with that particular captain. But that was all this special features disc had to offer us fans. There was little to nothing about how the actors first approached their characters, any &quot;funny outtakes&quot;, or even a significant insight as to how and why producers Rick Berman, Jeri Taylor, and Michael Piller came to discovering Voyager. Furthermore, rather than providing anything of value to fans, we reluctantly learned that the startrek.com website was re-vamped four times. My question: WHY!? And some fans have gone so far as to calculate the amount of time each character did talk about their moments on Voyager's launch. This was the biggest shock, as fans everywhere learned that the actors' testimonials COMBINED barely matched the amount of time they gave to talking about the website. Startrek.com went on to state that &quot;[the] fifth [disc] contain[s] the ever popular bonus features. (Remember, these are why we love DVDs!).&quot; Indeed, that IS why we loveDVDs. Where'd we go wrong?<br />The special features left me with bewilderment, which was soon followed up by anger and disbelief! This box set is a travesty! In addition, the MSRP of $139.99 is nowhere near justifying its value to the fans, many of which are fed up with Paramount's lack of respect for Star Trek. And while some have come out to speak against Paramount, its has also been said that they would still purchase the box sets, regardless of its poor quality. Why? Because Paramount believes that if they release anything with the Star Trek name on it, it would be purchased by fans. This is unjust and unfair!<br />We, the fans, demand that Paramount re-release the box sets and supply each season with expanded special features, easier to read disc labeling, and improved packaging equal to or surpassing in quality to that of the British version. To do this, I decided to come to the Communicator and ask to put it in print in an attempt reach countless other fans, and perhaps unite them to finally show Paramount we do not appreciate being taken advantage of.<br />But please, don't take my word for it. As I write this, more and more fans are viewing and posting to the already growing message board petition at [...] (located in the Star Trek Voyager message boards).ove DVDs. Where'd we go wrong?<br />The special features left me with bewilderment, which was soon followed up by anger and disbelief! This box set is a travesty! In addition, the MSRP of $139.99 is nowhere near justifying its value to the fans, many of which are fed up with Paramount's lack of respect for Star Trek. And while some have come out to speak against Paramount, its has also been said that they would still purchase the box sets, regardless of its poor quality. Why? Because Paramount believes that if they release anything with the Star Trek name on it, it would be purchased by fans. This is unjust and unfair!<br />We, the fans, demand that Paramount re-release the box sets and supply each season with expanded special features, easier to read disc labeling, and improved packaging equal to or surpassing in quality to that of the British version. To do this, I decided to come to the Communicator and ask to put it in print in an attempt reach countless other fans, and perhaps unite them to finally show Paramount we do not appreciate being taken advantage of. <br />But please, don't take my word for it. As I write this, more and more fans are viewing and posting to the already growing message board petition at [...] (located in the Star Trek Voyager message boards).
B00005JLSE|4.0|2002's \\"Chicago\\" helped to bring about the increased popularity in the Musical genre.  Not only did the movie bring in a staggering $170+ million at the box office, but the film ultimately garnered a Best Picture Oscar as well as a Best Supporting Actress award for Catherine Zeta-Jones.  Is \\"Chicago\\" all that jazz?    Roxie Hart (Renee Zellweger) dreams of becoming a star on the Chicago stage.  But when she's double crossed by her lover, she murders him and it seems she's traded a future on the stage to for a prison sentence.  Or has she? Roxie finds herself behind bars with singer/dancer Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) who is accused of killing her husband and sister.  Roxie finds out that Velma has paid off \\"Mama\\" Morton (Queen Latifah), the prison matron who has helped Velma hire famed lawyer Billy Flynn (Richard Gere).     With the help of her husband Amos (John C. Reilly) who pays the $5,000 fee, Roxie is able to obtain the services of Flynn and seizes the fickle tabloid headlines from Velma.  Roxie and Velma's battle for fame and freedom is soon underway.   Will the two regain their freedom and maintain the spotlight or will fate deal them a different hand?      \\"Chicago\\" has been a Broadway hit for a number of years and I have to admit I wasn't sure how the movie was going to turn out.  But, this fast paced adaptation was better than I expected. Each member of the cast shines with his and/or her talent and enthusiasm, especially Catherine Zeta-Jones and Queen Latifah.  Each actress has her own unique background (Catherine Zeta-Jones was at one time a professional dancer while Queen Latifah has had success as a musician.) Both were nominated for a Best Supporting Actress Oscar with Zeta-Jones eventually winning the honor.    Renee Zellweger, Richard Gere and John C. Reilly also deserve kudos for their roles.  While Reilly has had some experience in musicals, Zellweger and Gere had to learn dance and singing routines from scratch.    The musical sequences were shot mainly from the perspective of Roxie's imagination.  Each routine was packed with energy and excitement including one notable number by Zellweger and Gere where Roxie was portrayed as a puppet during Flynn's ventriloquist act.  Zeta-Jones' performance of \\"Cell Block Tango\\", Queen Latifah's song \\"When You're Good To Mama\\" and Reilly's \\"Mister Cellophane\\" were also exceptional.    \\"Chicago\\" offers something a little different than most movies out these days. Its blend of music, drama and 1920's lifestyle makes it easy to see why this film was considered the best movie of the year.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I find it difficult to imagine that THIS many people disliked this film.  I can see four stars....maybe...but three?  Come ON.  Though I usually can't help but let reviewers' opinions sway my preferences, this time I stand proudly at odds with those who gave this film three stars or less.  I thought it was a n excellent, refreshing film....and I'm definitely buying the DVD.
0385504209|5.0|I stumbled onto &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; in a rather odd way. I had recently read &quot;My Fractured Life&quot; and loved it. I asked the person who had recommended that book to me for another recommendation. That recommendation was Dan Brown's &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot;. As I started reading I had many reservations. The reason I wanted a recommendation from my friend was because I had enjoyed &quot;My Fractured Life&quot; - a brilliant, slice of life trip into the hallows of Hollywood. &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; was nothing like it. This is a mystery, and a religious themed mystery at that. What had my friend been thinking? At 11 PM with no other new book to read though, what could I do but keep reading? I am so glad that I did.<br />By the third chapter I understood why my friend had recommended it. &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; is a superb book. (I watch LAW &amp; ORDER which is a crime show, that doesn't mean that I can't also love FRIENDS and ER which are different genres. So it stands to reason that I can love books from two different genres.)<br />This is more than a mystery. It is a brilliant book. Some mystery authors can only write mysteries. I think Dan Brown is a brilliant writer who just happens to choose to write mysteries.
0156027321|3.0|Once I reached the end, I had enjoyed reading the book. The beginning was agonizingly slow. All that set up about religion and the zoo and the family...pretty dull. I was expecting a survival story, not a treatise on religious philosophies. Sorry, I don't read to tax my brain...I read to escape. I did enjoy the ending...slight twist and all. I can understand now why M. Night Shyamalan is interested in filming this book. So, if you can get past the slow beginning and get to the meat of the story, you'll enjoy it.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|The opening credits focus lovingly on Scarlett Johansson's rump as she lies in bed.  We follow her as she gets up to look out the window of the Tokyo hotel room, focusing on a facsimile of the Empire State Building.  Bill Murray is introduced with much greater fanfare, as he arrives at the hotel in a shiny black limousine with the lights of the porte-cochere reflecting off the windshield.  He is in town to do a commercial for Santori whiskey.  An aging actor whose draw seems to be mostly in Japan.  Coppola takes her time in bringing these two actors together.  At first a fleeting glance, then seeing each other in the lounge.  They seem to come together out of boredom more than anything else.  The movie initially has the melancholy tone of Leaving Las Vegas, but Coppola takes a warmer look at her characters.  She doesn't let the film devolve into pathos, but keeps it relatively light an airy, as the characters embark on a whirlwind tour of Tokyo, led by an intrepid Japanese guide.<br />The film offers a wonderful assemblage of Tokyo life replete with Murray taking a picture-perfect swing on a long fairway with Mount Fuji rising in the distance.  Coppola makes no effort to translate the swirl of language around these characters.  Murray bemused that by the truncated translations of the commercial director's instructions.<br />Both characters find themselves in dead end marriages.  Murray has been plugging along for 25 years, sticking it out for no other reason it seems than for his kids.  While Johansson has only recently been married to a fashion photographer who seems to have little time for her. Rather than be a tag-a-long, she spends her time wandering around Tokyo in search of some intrinsic value, momentarily seeming to sense it in a traditional wedding she spies upon.<br />Mostly, she seems to be wanting reassurance, which she was unable to get when she calls her parents.  Enter Murray's world-weary personage.  It is really a shame Bill Murray didn't win an Oscar for this role.  It was a beautifully understated performance that showed what a consumate actor he is.  Johansson more than holds her own to Murray, making her mark in this movie.  But, what holds this movie together is the remarkably sensitive camera work.  Sofia Coppola is a very gifted director, able to see so much in subtle details and drawing the most from her actors, which she first exhibited in The Virgin Suicides.Oscar for this role.  It was a beautifully understated performance that showed what a consumate actor he is.  Johansson more than holds her own to Murray, making her mark in this movie.  But, what holds this movie together is the remarkably sensitive camera work.  Sofia Coppola is a very gifted director, able to see so much in subtle details and drawing the most from her actors, which she first exhibited in The Virgin Suicides.
0739309013|1.0|Thought it would be another great courtroom thriller like Runaway Jury or The Partner.  Instead, it's a long winded, wandering human interest story.
B0000AKCLS|5.0|If you like blues -- buy this CD now.
B00005A0V0|5.0|In the Land of Grey and Pink shows Caravan at their creative peak. Hastings vocals have never been better; the singing on some of the tracks alone is enough to endear the record to A++ degree. The instrumental parts are sharper and more distinct; Sinclair employs crystal clear shrill organ tones that greatly enhance the songs' atmospheres. <br />Highlights for me include Winter Wine and the title track, but the real gem of the album is the 22 minute suite 'Nine Feet Undeground'. Ignore the other reviewers, this suite is the best thing Caravan ever did! It is packed with cracking riffs and tight rhythm patterns, and it is really amazing how the suite flows so well, with each theme naturally leading to the next. The instrumental interplay of the band has bever been more apparent than on this track. One of the themes reminds me of the piano riff on Traffic's 'Low Spark of High Heeled Boys'; I'm sure Stevie must have been listening to this album a lot when he wrote LSoHHB. <br />There are also some 'lighter' songs, including the opener 'Golf Girl', which is a hilarious cozy little single about how the protagonist 'chanced upon a Golf Girl selling cups of tea'. Nothing remarkable, but somehow there's a charming 'Lewis Carroll atmosphere' that makes me smile every time I listen to it.<br />Overall, a great progressive rock album. If you liked Traffic's 'John Barleycorn' or Camel's debut album, you'll love this one!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|The movie had a couple of funny Bill Murray moments. But what a dud! Kept waiting for it to get started and at the end, all I could say was &quot;what was that all about&quot;. I know the critics highly praised it, but I have to be honest about what I saw, it didn't hook me emotionally and it rather irritated me in many scenes. The only scenes that were entertaining were when Bill Murray was doing the commercial. He was very good in that.
B00011RPB0|5.0|I'm going to quote an anonymous reviewer whose opinion I wholeheartedly agree with, regarding those leaving inane 1-star reviews for this amazing movie.<br />&quot;You are dumb, you'll always be dumb, you don't realize it, and you'll never understand movies like this.&quot;  <br />Ditto.  But thank you for explaining why &quot;Armageddon&quot; made so much money and why half the country still supports the lying criminal of a President we currently have in office.  <br />Can't wait for the backlash!  Bring it on, morons!
0385510438|2.0|&quot;He returned to Ford County, and the retribution began.&quot;  Kudos to the person who wrote this line; you certainly know how to sell a book.  You sold one to me, and I haven't bought a Grisham book in years. I thought I was in for a tightly-wound tale of suspense and intensity as a released killer wreaked vengeance on an entire jury, that it would come down to the last juror, and that he or she, along with the usual assortment of beer-drinking, barbeque loving, eccentric friends almost every Grisham main character has in tow, would triumph in a spectacular, bang-up conclusion.  Not so.  <br />What I did get was Grisham's very accurate descriptions of small-town southern life.  The town of Clanton is the true main character in this book, and it was an interesting enough character to keep me happy and reading. Also interesting is following Willie around as he tries to develop his paper into a publication people have to have. As usual, Grisham shows us that the path to success is certain to have its share of days when you feel like a loser or a fool.   <br />However, many things about the book bothered me. I realized early on who the real person to watch out for was; Grisham made it obvious. It left me wondering about Grisham's assessment of his readers' IQ.  Another troubling aspect of the book was how certain events were described after the fact and with only a few sentences.  It felt like he was a tour guide in a museum, running behind schedule, hurrying you through the exhibits with the condensed version of facts.  Often times there was too much information given about things that didn't really matter and not enough about things that did.  People appeared and disappeared with seemingly no other purpose than to pad a few paragraphs or pages. To be fair, in life we come into contact with lots of people each day who take up our time but will have little to do with the outcome of our personal stories.  But in a book, if you take up lots of print, you better be about something important!  <br />To conclude, if you are a Grisham fan no matter what, read the book.  You will enjoy it and think I don't know jack, giving it only 2 stars. There are some suprises and plenty of nice moments, the kind that make you think John Grisham would be a good guy to sit on the front porch with and wax poetic about life, spurred on by cold beer and a comfortable rocking chair.
0385504209|5.0|Hardcore closed minded Christians stay away, or be prepared with an open mind to the alternate perspectives of Jesus. From the minute I picked up this book I never wanted to put it down. I have never been so enthralled in the a book. The way the author keeps the reader suspended in unending mystery, and by the end manages to answer all your questions will have you spending every spare minute reading. I plan to read this book yet again in order to spend more time researching the topics discussed, and to spend more time understanding and analysing the code. I would suggest that anyone research these facts before taking them to heart, however if they should hold true, I would hope that the world has the chance to read this book, and others like it.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|here is my review <br />1-me against the music -8/10 its a good dance to song<BR>2-i got that boom boom -4/10-its not her music<BR>3-showdown-10/10 <BR>4-breathe on me -10/10<BR>5-early morning -9/10<BR>6-toxic-10/10<BR>7-outrageous-10/10<BR>8-touch of my hand -8/10<BR>9-the hook up 1/10-it sucked what is this<BR>10-shadow-100/100<BR>11-brave new girl-10/10 its a good song (pop song)<BR>12-everytime -10/10-this si the song she wrote for justin<BR>12-the remix to track one (7/10)
B00004XMTH|1.0|I don't care for Cats but I keep trying to like it because it's supposed to be &quot;so good.&quot;<br />I saw the original musical on Broadway. Hated it.<br />Years later, I watch this commemorative edition. Arrgh! I wasted my time again. The music... the music... the music... the cats... drones on and on and on. Doesn't make it any better that I'm watching it in my own living room. Perhaps it makes it even worse.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Man this CD is off the hook all you haters need to go jump off a cliff
B00005JMJ4|4.0|I watched this movie with a friend and afterwards, her reaction was 'Huh???' while I loved the movie.  She did not get the point of the movie at all.  If you are expecting a comedy, you will be disappointed.  There are comic moments but this is definitely not a comedy.  What it is is a lovely portrait of growing emotional intimacy between 2 lost souls - Americans totally out of their element in Tokyo who happen to run into each other in the hotel bar.  Their friendship and intimacy is in sharp contrast to the characters marriages which are decidedly lacking in either friendship or intimacy.  Bill Murray is excellent in his role of an aging actor, the script is great, I was entertained and touched by the movie.  But if you prefer car chase scenes, explosions, and/or laugh-out-loud comedies, bypass this movie.  You won't get it.
079070546X|5.0|Man, is this a funny movie.  It has taken the place in our DVD collection along side &quot;It's a Wonderful Life,&quot; &quot;A Christmas Story,&quot; and &quot;A Charlie Brown Christmas.&quot;  It has all the right elements for the season: humor, a good storyline, and a lot of holiday spirt.  And while I'm not a very big fan of Chevy Chase, he's perfect reprising his role as the befuddled Clark Griswold, trying to keep the relative happy during the holidays.<br />I'm not going to be saying anything new that the 200+ people have already said regarding the storyline of this movie, but I will pull out a few favorite scenes:<br />* Randy Quaid as Eddie emptying out his RV's toilet in the street.  Eddie steals every scene he's in.<br />* Clark meeting Eddie's dog Snots for the first time.<br />* The squirrel attack.<br />* Uncle Louis catching on fire<br />The list can go on and one, but so do the laughs with this movie.  This is simply just a great holiday film that you can watch anytime the mood strikes.  It touches on all that can (and often does) go wrong during the holidays, but it all comes together with a happy ending.  Highly recommended!
B00005AQF7|5.0|This CD is, in my opinion, the best one of the Snoop solo albums. The other ones are real good, but not like this one... It reminds us of good times, when we still had Tupac and Biggie with us... Like Missy Elliott uses to say, times when &quot;hip hop was so much fun&quot;...<BR>This CD features a lot of rappers, and that's a good thing. Buying a CD from a most famous rapper is a good tool to discover new rappers we don't already know, to discover if they're good.<BR>My favorite songs in here are &quot;Ain't No Fun (If The Homies Can't Have None)&quot;, &quot;For All N****z &amp; B****s&quot;, &quot;Gz And Hustlas&quot;, &quot;Lodi Dodi&quot;, &quot;Murder Was The Case&quot;, &quot;Shiznit&quot;, &quot;Who Am I (What's My Name)?&quot; and &quot;Gin And Juice&quot;. Well, this is almost the entire album, to be honest.<BR>If they were about to release another Snoop Dogg's Greatest Hits CD today, no doubt about 3/4 of it would be songs from Doggystyle. This is one of the best rap CDs ever, and that's saying a lot. Buy it and let it flow.
B000069KE0|5.0|Chicago II is my favorite Chicago album of all time - and I'm not going to go on and on about every inch of it but I do believe that there are a few things here worth mentioning.<br />#1 - 25 or 6 to 4.  Who can deny this is one of the biggest classics of the early 70's??<br />#2 - Wake Up Sunshine & Make Me Smile.  Really takes off with The late Terry Kath's Joe Cocker-like vocals.  Wonderful get up and feel good in the morning songs. (I remember playing these former three in high-school band as a medley - I played drums...too cool!)<br />#3 - Colour My World.  Aside from \\"We've Only Just Begun, wedding song of the decade.  Terry Kath's gruff voice actually make is beautiful.<br />#4 - In The Country.  Another Terry Kath vocal number and just cool.  Rocks but not too rock-y - keeps the jazz in \\"jazz-rock\\".<br /><br />There you have it.  All the tracks are fab but again - This Chicago album is not for pop-only ears.  You will find something new instrumentally every time you listen.  Timeless and Classic.<br />'Nuf said.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|This is an amazing show. It takes a look into the life of the a single mother. It focases on Rory and her mother, who had her when she was sixteen. In takes place in a small town in New England. The sharp humar and quick dialogs make for great television.
B000069KGM|5.0|I'm not going to go into the long list of adjectives used by previous reviewers (and what I deem to be 60's/70's music SNOBS).  UNDOUBTEDLY this is one of the best albums to come out of the late 60's when the summer of love was over and the decade of schlocky music was just beginning.  Yes, Chicago did get more commercial with later albums but they were still the only band that had the guts to stick with their jazz roots and combine it with rock.  And to me, that still makes them the greatest band of the 70's.<br />The CTA album has no bad moments but is not for ears who don't want to hear an opus.  There is a story told by the songwriters and that is (to coin a phrase by a popular 80's band) &quot;we're not gonna take it anymore!!!&quot;  The country was still reeleing from the deaths of RFK &amp; MLK and saw the Manson family do their thing in August of '69.  Tired of Vietnam, Nixon, and his hawk pals, CTA gives three of it's most haunting tracks (10, 11, 12) teeth when it combines rioting chants at the '68 Chicago political convention and their free-form style guitar (Terry Kath &amp; his Fender Telecaster with plenty of wonderful feedback) and then closing with track 12 - Liberation.  These were violent and tumultuous times and this album reaches right down into the muck and pulls out something worth remembering &amp; bittersweet.<br />My personal favorite track is Questions 67 &amp; 68 (what about the other 66 questions I always wondered?) and was a chart favorite at the time.<br />Love 'em or hate 'em, Chicago of CTA &amp; the 70's did what other horn bands did not:  create a classic,quality sound that will last forever.<br />(**SIDE NOTE**  MY OTHER FAVORITE CHICAGO ALBUMS OF ALL TIME:  CHICAGO II, IV [LIVE AT CARNEGIE HALL], V, VI, VII, XVII)
B000066NW0|5.0|Great album.  As she matures watch out.
B00009V7T2|5.0|The whole cd is phenominal. The band maybe a little odd, but they sure did a good job with this cd. <BR>To me they sound like a modern Day Led Zeppeline with the extra spice of latin in it
B000002H33|5.0|metallica's my fav band of all time and this album definitly has it all.it really sucks that this is their last album with cliff (R.I.P)cause he was the best bass player the world has ever seen,if you dont beleive me check out his bass solo in orion it rules intensive care and his bass solos in other albums before puppets.the guitar sound on this album is unlike anything i ever heard before (very guitarish).the songs are VERY brutal,speed that will blow your head off (battery,Damage,Inc.)<BR>a haunting ballad (sanitarium) and the best metallica song on here (and my fav of all time) MASTER OF PUPPETS,the vocals,riffs,drums and the laughing at the ending is cool.if your starting to become a metallica fan i recommend this one because this is a masterpiece and this will NEVER bore you.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|Igave this film a 3-star rating but now 4 cuz I seen it again and like other slower paced films like 'ABOUT SCMIDT' its gotta be seen differently than a hollywood film.Sophia Coppola said at the OSCARS she was influenced by Antonioni.I have many of his films and like Andre Tarkovsky must be judged apart from every one else.Their films seem slow and dull but keep watching them and their art is revealed.This is a italian trait.VISCONTI,FELLINI,BERTILUCCI,ETC...CEPT  SERGIO LEONE,one of my faves of all-time,a grand opera of violence.I don't find this a racist film,the japanese are a charming people.I know they  are intelligent and well-read.They are friendly and polite.We americans could  learn a few things from asian cultures.Some of the one star posts seem from action crazed fans.I think if you are intelligent and can enjoy subtle and perceptive films this is a fine film.If you like the he-man action movies,fantasy fluff or lewed sex jokes this may not be your cup of coffee.
B00018D44U|5.0|I love Norah's voice so much. Her music is beautiful, slow paced, relaxing and enjoyable. If you didn't like the first album, then Norah probably isn't for you and I don't expect that you'll enjoy this album either. As a big fan of the first album, it took me a while to warm up to this one because it wasn't exactly the same, but tracks like Carnival Town and The Prettiest Thing won me over. The only track I don't really like is the duet Creepin' In, and that's because I'm not a fan of Dolly Parton's voice.<br />For those struggling with the copy protection on their PC, hold down the shift key while putting the CD in, and wait until it is loaded before releasing it. This disables auto-play on your CDROM, preventing the anti-piracy software from loading. You may still have some problems playing it (especially the first track), but it's effective for those who can't or won't install the inbuilt player.
0156027321|4.0|while the first few chapters were a bit tedious to get through, the novel picked up and turned into a compelling work of fiction- I adored it by the end and mostly, infact , because I was made to re-think the entire book. To me, the alternative ending was the most fascinating aspect of the book- It made me go back and re-read sections which I have not done with a book in ages. When Pi effortlessly re-told the story at the end (the alternative story), I was torn between which version I thought was the truth. I have been thinking about this for  hours, waiting for someone I know to finish it so I can talk it over with them....the true sign of a good read!
B00011RPB0|5.0|Anyone who wants to dream, to imagine, to escape for under two hours from the reality of the world should see this film. What a perfect setup.  You stay in the ultra posh Park Hyatt Tokyo, bump into a beautiful young sultry woman such as Scarlett Johansson and fall in love and the best part, she falls in love with you! <br />Lost in Translation is a perfect film for the imagination, a movie that one can escape to. You have all the stuff that makes it a dreamy film, scenes shot at dusk, jazzy music played against the bar's penthouse windows, the city's marvelous skyscraper at night, even Bill Murray's hotel suite which has a corner view is to die for especially in a situation when you're falling in love with someone!!<br />You get all this plus scenes of what Tokyo is like during the day and night, visualizations of their beautiful culture and scenery.  I think it's a great film and I honestly think a lot of people would love to escape the realities of life which the film depicts.  You have both Murray and Johansson feeling stuck in their lives, wondering if this is all there is to life. They meet and a fondness blossoms, a romance develops.  Lost in Translation comes across to me as a romantic comedy.
B00008977N|5.0|I own the VHS version of Secret World Live.  I would like to get the DVD, but many of the reviews scare me.  To name a few: poor video quality, lip synch, out of synch audio/video, no bass, bass dropping in and out, and poor remaster of both video/audio.  I know some have suggested checking audio options.  For example, use Dolby 2.0 if you only have a 2 channel audio system.  On other settings, sending low frequencies to a subwoofer that does not exist will certainly diminish the bass quality.<br />This begs the question:  How much of the difficulties are operator-related?  When this issue is brought up, people get defensive and start talking about the equipment they own.  I don't care if you have a 50 inch plasmatic Sony Wega TV with an Onkyo THX Star Wars receiver.  To me, more is not always better.  Do you know how to use your equipment?  (No sexual pun intended).<br />Please somebody answer the question:  Is the DVD version greatly inferior to the VHS?  Are many of the difficulties experienced by others operator-related?  For example, I found my bass went in and out Growing Up Live until I turned off my Auto Audio option.  You know, that default feature that is supposed to keep commercials from blasting you out of your seat.  Believe me, I do not want to be cheated out of Tony Levin's bass.  If there is something definetly wrong with the DVD version, I want to know.  Some things I can live with if they do not affect the overall enjoyment of the show such as: added vocals, grainier video quality, added video clips, etc.  Will a PG fan who owned the VHS first, now owns DVD, and knows A/V equipment in/out please give his or her objective opinions?<br />I gave 5 stars to the VHS version only.  I need more info on the DVD before I purchase it.
0962477060|5.0|I have been working with fretboard logic for almost six months now. My playing has improved dramatically. I highly reccomend it.
B0001AP12G|3.0|I read all the hype on this cd and bought it.  What a dissapointment.  This is not a classic hiphop cd.  However, It has a few great songs and is a very unique album for being on the mainstream market.  He talks about topics that many rappers are afraid to address these days..i.e. jesus lives, his verse on the track with Jay z.  The production on some of htese songs are great, but then some are absolutely horrible.  For example, the track with talib and common..is as boring and bland as it gets.  The soul samples are great and songs like through the wire are very touching.  I can see why peoople like it.  He touches on things that lots of different kinds of people can relate to on this album.  however the downfall is that he ends up contradicting himself throughout the whole album...and ditching the morals that he claims to have.  To top it off the skits are completely boring.  On hte postive note, he's very witty and has an itneresting flow.  If he can get his focus together on the next album..i'm on it.  This time however, i'm making my way to the return section.  peace
B000060P79|1.0|I don't have much to say but bands like this have no originality.  I'm sick and tired of hearing pop punk emo whining bands that all copy off of each other doing the same old crap and making albums complaining about girls and whatever else.  I'll admit, I haven't listened to this whole album, but just from the singles and clips I can tell exactly how this is.  Come on people!  Music is about new sounds and originality, these are the same chords and whiny lyrics we've all heard far too many times.  Don't support this trash.
B00000373U|5.0|I was at a recored store, and I was listening to some music when I came across this album. I was listing to it and it was awsome. I actually stayed there and listen to the whole CD twice,I coulden't get enough of it. This guy knows how to put music to words and words to music. Between the Bars is one of the best song i have heard, its just so amazing to listen to his music. Buy this CD!
630575067X|2.0|The film must be all of five years old now, but it hasn't aged well.  At best it reminds us of a time when there was a booming economy and plenty of willingness to experiment with computer animation and over-the-top costumes.  At worst, it shows off the side effects that nostalgia for a 1977 film creates in a movie produced more than twenty years later.  Yoda and Jabba were ridiculous-looking puppets in their time, and look even more plastic in Phantom Menace.  Red grease paint and horns are too juvenille for an &quot;evil&quot; character, even to a pre-teen.  Child actors with embarrassing line delivery are juxtaposed with seasoned professionals who really could have done better.  Entire digital landscapes were created from a computer paintbrush, so why'd you have to make them look just like the Hagia Sophia?  We are treated to a five-minute scene in a fascinating galactic Senate chamber before a white-haired fellow mumbles some nonsense about a &quot;strong&quot; Chancellor, and we cut back to more antics with Jar-Jar.  &quot;Comical&quot; battle scenes and &quot;funny&quot; explosions accidentally triggered by young Anakin rankle our hides in a post 9/11 world.  There is no point at which this movie is not fighting for air.  Natalie Portman once hoped that her role in these movies would not overshadow her future medical career and said she didn't know what she'd do if patients started calling her &quot;Dr. Amidala&quot;.  Natalie...keep your day job.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Phew, what a breathe of fresh air this movie is. I'm sick of hollywood movies made for people with a 1 second concentration span. I'm sick of mindless, moronic, predictable, over-edited, hollywood crap. Now THIS is what I call a MOVIE.<br />Scarlett should have at least been nominated for her role. She is fantastic in this movie....totally natural and believable...not to mention utterly adorable. I'm sure Sophia is kicking herself for forgetting to mention Sccarlet in her Oscar acceptance speech. <br />Congratulations Sophia, great job all round. I loved your choice of Kevin Shields for scoring the music. I'm sure he's happy too.<br />God bless you Sophia, you probably worked yourself into the ground to make this movie for $4 million. I really appreciate that. Congratulations on your Oscar. Richly deserved.
0316776963|2.0|Yes, this book is undeniably funny. However, it's the literary equivalent of Doritos (ie: Pretty good, but lacking substance. And too much will make you feel vaguely ill.)  Borrow it and bust a gut laughing for an afternoon. But don't spend your own money on it, because the vignettes become increasingly less humorous with successive re-readings.
B00005JMEW|5.0|If they release an unrated version with the black and white scenes in color it'll the top DVD buy for this title.
0316776963|2.0|Yes, this book is undeniably funny. However, it's the literary equivalent of  Doritos (ie: Pretty good, but leaves you hungry. And too much will make you feel vaguely ill.)  Borrow it and bust a gut laughing for an afternoon. But don't spend your own money on it, because the vignettes become increasingly stale and vacuous with successive re-readings. Anyway, in a few years you'll be able to find this book for cheap in bookstores' remainder bins, along with Tama Janowitz  and David Foster Wallace novels.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|I bought this DVD reluctantly last week not expecting very much and WOW was  I surprised. You must own this DVD if you like the Beatles music. The Quiet Beatle's music is absolutely outstanding.  I found the filming of this DVD concert also great;  different angles and switching from musicians to audience was extremely well done.  The recording is purely an audiophile's dream. You must hook it up to a Stereo or Home Theater to really appreciate the  sound quality.  Matches The Eagles LIVE DVD-&quot;Hell Freezes Over&quot;.  The musician's in the so called George's band seem to be all moved and extremely into making this concert a success. From Clapton, Lynn. Ringo Starr, Petty Paul McCartney etc. The Shankars also were amazing! Bottom line well worth it at twice the price-I think you will love it too!
B00005AXEL|5.0|&quot;Trouble In Shangri-La&quot; is said to be Stevie Nick's best solo album to date.  Before the release, the world had been anticipating her next studio project for seven years.  The quality presented on this album proves that those seven years were worth the wait.  This album presents a wiser and more sophisticated Stevie Nicks.  Though her music has always been great, these tracks catch hearts in a more personal level.  Her lyrics are written and performed soulfully.  Though more mature, her mystic tone is still somewhat present.  Regardless if the individual track is more rock or pop, she remains at her best.  The Grammy-nominated &quot;Planets of the Universe&quot; capitalizes her talents.  Her brilliant guest musicians add their own interesting flavor: Macy Gray, Natalie Maines (Dixie Chicks), Sarah McLachlan, and Sheryl Crow.  Sheryl Crow beautifully helps produce and play some instruments on most of the album tracks.  Such quality proves that she's another one of the greatest female rockers in existance.  John Shanks, Melissa Etheridge's regular producing partner, adds his own edge in his produced tracks.  Every quality combined makes for an unforgettable unique musical experience.  &quot;Trouble In Shangri-La&quot; is sure to please many listeners for many years to come.
B00000IMCW|4.0|Although technically a &quot;horror&quot; movie, DAWN OF THE DEAD is not going to scare or thrill you. A real horror fan (me) will love this flick for the substance. Plus, those 70s special effects are hilarious. Check out the shade of blue paint on the first zombie you see. =)
B00005ARDC|5.0|If you like even 1 band of the comparisions made in other reviews pick this cd up.  I thought it was similiar in some ways to the Jesus and Mary Chain at their most drugged out and dreamiest.  I had the album for a year before just leaving it on one day and loving every song.  Noisy, sweet, soft and loud all in one.  Each song has a distinct sound to it as well.  Just go buy it.
B0000029GA|5.0|illmatic is just TOO good, ive been listenin for about 6 months and with every listen, it just keeps gettin better and better.<BR>NY State of Mind, Life's a B!!!!, THe World Is Yours, Halftime, Memory Lane, One Love, Represent, and IT Aint HArd To Tell are ALL very fluid songs and very deep. they just all have a different feel than the usual rap u hear (even nas' other material). i didnt like 'one time 4 ur mind' that much, becuz of mainly the beat, but id still give it a 9/10 which would be pretty good on another album. but all the other songs are 20/10 at least to be honest. just EVERYTHING he spits is fire, its nearly impossible to find a flaw in anything he rhymes in this album...classic...<BR>anyway all the songs are equally good imo, just track 8 is a slight notch down from the rest of the songs..
