0061743526|5.0|I have spent a lifetime avoiding reading \\"To Kill a Mockingbird.\\" The idea of a novel told from the perspective of a child was not appealing, and every time I would pick it up to read it I'd be repelled by back-cover blurbs hailing it a \\"masterpiece of American literature,\\" an \\"unforgettable novel of childhood\\" that \\"takes readers to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, love and hatred, humor and pathos.\\" Something about the endless encomiums in lieu of an actual plot description made me suspicious. I was thinking, \\"Yes, it won the Pulitzer, I'm sure that it's well-written, blah blah blah...but it's probably really boring.\\"<br /><br />I'm here to tell you that it's not boring at all. To me, the great surprise of reading \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" was the discovery that it is a fast-paced and exciting story. The action takes place in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama, during The Great Depression. The narrator is a young girl named Scout, a tomboy who spends much of her time beating other kids up. There are two plots, really. The first, a mystery of sorts, centers upon the neighborhood recluse, Boo Radley, whom hardly anyone has seen since he committed a violent crime against his father as a young man. The second plot follows the story of a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a local white woman. Scout's father, Atticus, is the town's lawyer and has been appointed by the court to defend Tom. In a small, Southern, racist town, Atticus's willingness to serve as Tom's attorney and his obvious desire to defend his client to the best of his ability doesn't go over well with Maycomb's white residents. This second plot (breathlessly described by the book's back cover as \\"the crisis of conscience that rocked a sleepy Southern town\\") easily could have followed a predictable trajectory. I was ready for the pat ending in which all of the loose ends are tied up and everybody goes home happy and all the of the racists realize that they were wrong. The author, Harper Lee, doesn't stoop to this. \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" doesn't offer easy answers. The reason why this novel is a classic is because it recognizes the complexity of human character as it addresses fundamental issues of right and wrong, but it does so in such a way that the reader isn't aware of being carried \\"to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, etc.\\" The reader is just thinking, \\"This is some damn good storytelling.\\"<br /><br />The characters seem real for good reason. The character of Dill is based upon Harper Lee's childhood neighbor, Truman Capote. I just learned from Wikipedia that Lee's father was an attorney who defended two black men accused of murder. Intriguingly, \\"down the street from the Lees lived a family whose house was always boarded up; they served as the models for the fictional Radleys. The son of the family got into some legal trouble and the father kept him at home for 24 years out of shame.\\"<br /><br />This is a great book.that they were wrong. The author, Harper Lee, doesn't stoop to this. \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" doesn't offer easy answers. The reason why this novel is a classic is because it recognizes the complexity of human character as it addresses fundamental issues of right and wrong, but it does so in such a way that the reader isn't aware of being carried \\"to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, etc.\\" The reader is just thinking, \\"This is some damn good storytelling.\\"  The characters seem real for good reason. The character of Dill is based upon Harper Lee's childhood neighbor, Truman Capote. I just learned from Wikipedia that Lee's father was an attorney who defended two black men accused of murder. Intriguingly, \\"down the street from the Lees lived a family whose house was always boarded up; they served as the models for the fictional Radleys. The son of the family got into some legal trouble and the father kept him at home for 24 years out of shame.\\"  This is a great book.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|Great book. I had some pre-conceived notions about who Steve Jobs was before reading this. I was both baffled and pleasantly surprised at how flawed and complex this man was. Truly worth the read.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|I grabbed this as a free app, thinking ok just another drawing app.  NOPE.  what my kids can do with this is amazing!  it's not a one-and-done, they come back to it over and over, that's the best recommendation right there!  touch controls are great (kindle fire), color choices are amazing, its awesome.
B0013D8LOU|3.0|I thought it was a great movie. However, it doesn't compare to the 1982 Broadway version. I am able to see past Helena Bonham Carter's ordinary singing voice, since I believe she's a great actress. But I don't think she should've been cast as Mrs Lovett. The reason I enjoyed it was because of the acting, scenery, and costumes, which were all amazing. Burton succeeds in adding all of the things that are only possible in a movie (for example, a more extensive flashback of his life before prison).  But, of course, though I believe that Burton is a great filmmaker, he tries to add things that didn't work. The show was already creepy on its own. The part when Sweeney Todd looks into the oven is supposed to make it scarier, but I prefer the stage version during that part. Also, the boy finding a finger is weird but less creepy than finding the hair and fingernail in the stage version.  ****SPOILERS****  I was looking forward to watching Joanna kill that man, but it didn't happen. They didn't have any reference to the boy's (sorry, forgot his name) mental state at the end. It ended abruptly and sort of disappointingly. It was like, \\"Oh. He killed him. No explanation. C'est la vie. Roll credits.\\"  Burton also cut some of the songs, such as \\"The Ballad of Sweeney Todd\\" and that one about the wigs between Todd and Anthony (both of which are great but I can live without). Also, \\"Kiss Me\\" was cut, along with half of \\"A Little Priest.\\" During the latter, putting a priest into a pie seemed too ordinary. It was a different choice for the movie, but the scene between Hearn and Lansbury is much better in my opinion, when they were laughing, believing that they were the cleverest people in the world.  But my dad, who hates musicals, enjoyed this version much, much better than the 1982 recording (though he agrees with me on the \\"A Little Priest\\" scene). So, in all, this movie is more for those who don't enjoy musicals as much as some of us. And by us, I mean, those who are absolutelyobsessed.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Like the quick post said can easily entertain yourself and have great fun by pushing for the next high score
B004TTMYQG|5.0|Great app. Does everything I was looking for as I rely heavily on my android's calendar. There are many settings you can choose from to set it just the way you want.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I never really gave this app a chance until I got the kindle fire, this app is incredible with what you can do with it, this is a must have app!
0143039504|5.0|Very pleased. Arrived before the estimated time for delivery, and it's all I've expected: it's easy to read and it's easy to handle though it's a big book.
1847879071|5.0|The most engaging statistics text book I've read.  Field has this way of bringing the reader into his life demonstraing how statistics are related to day-to-day activities.  His graphics and links to SPSS are easy to follow, and his explanations understandable.  A 819 page textbook is fairly intimidating; Field does his best to make statistics understandable.
B006O5Y0SS|5.0|In some ways, I would compare this flick with \\"Love and Death,\\" although Woody Allen's off-putting cynicism is notably absent this time around.  Perhaps Allen is mellowing out, to his very great credit, as he gets older.  It's no coincidence that Paris has been such a center of cultural ferment.  It's as if a magnetic force draws the most creative and quirky literary and artistic figures there.  Unlike many other places that are dominated entirely by powerful institutions, Paris is a place where such \\"nobodies\\" as Mogdiliani and Hemingway found their true place in the world.  Owen Wilson's character goes through his own inner transformation through the City of Light.  This is a thoroughly charming flick, one of the best I've seen during the last few years.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fun games that you have to play to earn credits to unlock new games. my five year old likes it a lot.
B0041O40EI|3.0|I started this puzzle with a lot of enthusiasm, but it's beginning to wane.  It's a great idea, and it's a beautiful puzzle.  The problem is that there are only two shapes as far as the pieces go.  This makes it very difficult to put it together, as often a piece will fit and look right, but not be right.  I realize this is perhaps partly the point, as it makes it more difficult.  But in my opinion, it makes it less fun.  You have to constantly be looking at the printed map, and even then you can't always tell when you've gone wrong until later.  Also, it's a bit fragile--the pieces don't stay latched together very well, so if you bump it they come apart from each other.  But if you really like a challenge, you'll probably like it.  It gives me a headache, but I refuse to give up!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Excellent for all ages. Beautiful original video narrated by David Attenborough. I would recommend for anyone who loves nature films
B006WPSQVC|4.0|Saw this movie for the first time tonight with friends.  Was a very emotion packed movie.  Cried/Laughed/Got angry, yeah, alot of emotion.  Highly recommend that all Christian men, NO, all men see this movie and take the message to heart.  There are alot of fathers out there that need to step it up.  GREAT MESSAGE!!!  Didn't goto a fifth star simply because even though each of these guys movies improve in all they are, there is still room for improvement.  If I was rating on the message I am not sure 5 out of 5 stars is enough though.  GREAT MESSAGE!!!  Must see movie for all the fathers out there.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Its good to read Bible on a app. My goal for this year is to read entire bible. This Bible app reminds everyday
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|the adds got a little annyoing because of the lag, but all in all a good game. I would reccomend this to someone who likes games in this genra
B0064X7FVE|3.0|without maps, weather apps seem incomplete. On the Kindle Fire's large screen, it would have been quite impressive to have large and interactive maps.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|some of the games are good but others are not. its a good time waster if that's what you are looking for tho
B0063IH60K|4.0|good app, looks great on my phone and my fire, works as it should with no glitches or bugs. I have no complaints
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its really fun and addicting. I love it I play ot all the time on my kindle fire a must have game to pass the time.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this game is the best best best best best beef best best best game ever i really really love it
0756404738|3.0|The Wise Man's Fear reads like a long, beautiful sentence full of descriptive adjectives and interesting nouns without a strong verb to drive it.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|this game is not very fun to play, I'm only doing this to get points so I can actually play a decent.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is one of those free to plays where you can actually play for free and have a lot of fun. the games are simplistic but sweet.
0525478817|5.0|This book is truly a work of art. John Green has captured the emotional turmoil of cancer in the most realistic and touching way - by looking at it through the eyes of a patient. All of the characters are real people with depth and emotion, and not just \\"cancer kids\\". Hazel and Gus are real, living, breathing human beings, and I am so grateful to John for bringing them into my life.
B001YV502C|5.0|This movie is amazing, I'm not a movie buff but after initially seeing it, I had to buy a movie ticket when it released in the theaters in my area. I don't know how I didn't add it to my movie collection (well, I guess that's because I only own one other movie, hah! ... which was a gift) but now I am making the pull! This is the first movie I ever bought myself and I couldn't be happier, a true testament on how great this film is.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|Use on my Klipsch dock, since it is an old firewire version. Cable Jive works seamlessly with no complaints. Just what I needed!
B005R32L66|3.0|Skype in general is great.  This Android app is just ok.  Works fine on my Samsung galaxy s2, however not on my mt6513 based tablet.  Also, call quality over cellular (so-called 4g by T-Mobile) is often prohibitive.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|So much fun. I played this game for over 2 hours before I knew it. love unlocking new mini games!
0345479092|5.0|When my first baby was 3 weeks old, I found myself up for hours at a time with a crying infant not knowing what he needed/wanted from me.  That's when I found this book (I got the e-book to read while I nursed him).  As soon as I learned about Tracy's E.A.S.Y. method, we got started right away and within 24 hours things got easier with my son.  I finally had him on a routine (not a schedule) and we both knew what to expect out of each other.  She also have some helpful tips and tidbits about baby's sleep patterns and pitfalls to avoid when setting up habits with a child.  This book saved my sanity and my husband's, and probably our son's, too.  We've been using Tracy's methods for a month now and I'm so grateful to have the knowledge I picked up from this book.  I will be purchasing this for all of my friend's baby showers in the future.
B004X75RK4|5.0|This movie is absolutely hilarious.  I have seen it several times and it is always very funny.  A must watch and one of Sandra Bullock's best movies.
B005XQLBU4|4.0|Fun game and easy to use! I like the upgrading your defenses aspect, it gives you more of a reason to keep playing besides just trying to beat your old high score.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|Even though this is known as a Christmas movie, the CD offers a great collection of artists and songs that are not all Christmas  oriented. In fact there are only 3 that are! Love to put it on for a cocktail party or even a dinner party. Fabulous compilation!!.
B001DUKHXQ|1.0|I have the original LP and the sound is like night and day.  The reissue is a sad representation of the original version.  It looks like the CD version is what you need to get to appreciated the 2nd best selling album of all time.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Excellent App you will enjoy always! God's word right at your fingertips! Share scriptures and take. notes for easy study.
B000ENBOV2|1.0|There are many works of fiction (e.g., books, movies, TV shows, etc.) whose sole purpose is to make the \\"losers\\" feel better about themselves, and this book is a very typical example of such works. The common theme in these works is as follows. The main character is an inferior person, in terms of, for example, intelligence, wisdom, professional achievement, appearance, physical strength, supernatural abilities, wealth, social status, power, or other qualities (i.e., a \\"loser\\" to put bluntly). Then, for some inexplicable reason, there are one or more secondary characters who are much superior in comparison to the \\"loser\\" main character, but who are simply infatuated with the \\"loser\\" main character. Consequently, throughout each story plot, the \\"loser\\" main character continuously and repeatedly gets himself/herself in deeper and deeper trouble, entirely through his/her own fault. The secondary characters have to continuously and repeatedly, and yet willingly, rescue the \\"loser\\" main character, regardless of the cost to themselves, with no ulterior motive, no complaint, no regret. Sometimes, they even die for the \\"loser\\" main character! In the end, through all the sacrifice made by others, the \\"loser\\" main character ends in an extremely favorable position, often by being in a romantic relationship with the best one of the superior secondary characters.  Are the authors glorifying failures in these works? Are the readers/viewers supposed to be identifying with these \\"loser\\" main characters? The authors seem to suggest, if a person finds himself/herself in an unfavorable situation in life, instead of working hard to improve his/her own situation, the person should just wait for someone else to come along and bring him/her upward to a better situation. How insulting, not to mention unrealistic. In real life, \\"winners\\" are unlikely to be infatuated with \\"losers\\" and are unlikely to do everything possible just to help and rescue \\"losers\\". And for those \\"losers\\" who fantasize that one day, a \\"winner\\" will come along to rescue them out of their current situations, maybe they'll get lucky, but maybe they can stop fantasizing and waiting and start working to improve their won situations and become \\"winners\\" themselves. It is harder, of course, but they'll end up with more self respect and something to be proud of.
0061438294|5.0|A great read from a pro.  Extremely interesting material, I would consider this a classic and a must read! This book has been responsible for me delving into more deeply the mind games we play.
B002CGSYNU|5.0|Most people are under-rating this cap because they don't realize that they bought the NEW VERSION of the 14-42mm lens. The NEW VERSION comes with some versions of the E-PL2 and newer models of the E-PEN series, in which case the lens they had with the kit is the \\"14-42mm II\\" or \\"14-42mm II R\\" which is the NEWER VERSION. The original has a front tread of 40.5mm. THEY ARE LOOKING FOR A 37mm LENS CAP. SO, in summary THIS LENS CAP IS FOR THE ORIGINAL 14-42mm ZOOM KIT LENS. IF YOU HAVE \\"37\\" ON YOUR LENS, THEN THIS IS THE WRONG CAP. LOOK FOR ANOTHER WITH 37mm ON ITS TITLE. People, READ the title and description before you buy.
B0000AUHPK|1.0|When I received the DVD I played it on my DVD player and there was no movie past 30 seconds of the beginning. I contacted seller and mailed her back the defective DVD and I haven't been given a refund or reply . Disappointing and a loss of my money.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|ABSOLUTLY LOVE THIS APP FROM AMAZON.COM.  NEVER HAS GIVEN ME A MINUTE'S TROUBLE. GREAT SONGS TO CHOOSE FROM.  MY LOVE IS SOUTHERN/GOSPEL, BLUEGRASS, AND THE OLDER COUNTRY MUSIC, ALSO, WESTERN. AMAZON HAS A GREAT SELECTION.
1451648537|5.0|I loved the story of Steve Job's life. There are a few twists in this book that range from adoption to a particular restaurant scene. Personally, I found the story of his life more intriguing than the drier chapters covering the chronology of Apple devices.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Better than weather.com.  Very informative and ez to use.  However it would beniceif it would sync with real time a little more often.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this game is pretty fun. It is really easy to earn points or tokens. I like that you can choose the game you want to buy.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|enjoy these games for free and while using a little strategy to get the points you need to beat game
B0063IH60K|5.0|I especially like that u touch the card and it moves to correct spot.  This makes easier to play and makes the play faster.
B0000067L3|5.0|It was so good to hear this on CD after listening to the \\"original\\" album (which was purchased from my local record shop when it came out). The quality is so much better than the vinyl. The customer service we received was great! We were amazed to find it at such a low price and didn't have to wait for it very long at all (coming from over seas). Thank you Amazon!! You came through for us again!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I bought this cover when I gave my wife her Kindle Fire for Christmas.  She loves the fact that you can set the Kindle down and read it.  Look Mom, no hands.  She looked at several other covers and says this one is the best.  She had another type of cover with her first Kindle but she says this one beats them all.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|looks great plays great.  Added features in the game work well.  Not addictive, but a nice diversion. Xoom tablet.  I'll give it 4.5 stars and round up.
B004D2GMR6|5.0|This is by far the best concert DVD I have ever purchased. Brings you up close and personal, as if you are on the stage with them. You cannot sit down. I felt as if I was in the crowd. I find myself dancing, singing along and sometimes crying as a compilation of masterpieces that have bookmarked my life since 1984, come to life on my screen. I watch it over and over and over! Absolutely worth every penny and more. I can't wait until their next one comes out!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good games, but it needs better graphics. also, if it would give you more games to start with. oh and what does + 16 mean on the cover?
B000002ADT|5.0|The best album of all times!! Everybody should have it and listen to it again and again. All the musicians involved are among the best in the world.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|As said, it does not scare you do wake you. It increases volume as promised. I love all the options on how to wake you up, expecially the math problems. It stops me from always hitting the snooze! Love it:)
B003ELOQD4|5.0|This is yet another fantastic U2 concert wherein they set the standards for other bands at such high levels. Professionalism at all times and a DVD to really enjoy on Blue Ray as its like being at the concert.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game it is fun to play and waste time my sister is always on it and I cant take it away from her!!I also injoy playing the games to unlock them it makes the game challenging but more fun. and there might be some adds they don't bother me at all and that's why I give it a 5 star its awesome game.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Contrary to other reviews the app has worked flawlessly on my fire. I have two cities saved that I can easily swap back and forth. Good all around weather app.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|It is a great game. Lots of fun. The upgrade system allows for some strategy and makes it more challenging and engaging.
B00656C6KK|4.0|I got this CD for my mother for Christmas She loved the beautiful tribute to her son that she gave.
1451627289|5.0|I am a constant reader. I love just about everything Stephen King does. I could not get into the Dark Tower series but have read just about everything else. This novel was a nice change of pace for the author but had some classic Stephen King elements as well. A man is shown a time portal in a diner. This portal leads to the same day in 1958. The owner of the diner convinces him to go back, wait 5 years and stop the Kennedy asassination. The book was well reasearched, the concept was not new but well played out. I liked the ending. Can't wait for the next book.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|A Very Good Movie About Real Life Situations and How to Handle with the Help of the Lord Jesus Christ.
0312641893|5.0|Prior to reading Cinder by Marissa Meyer, I had heard countless good things about it. From the characters to the story to the world building, readers alike seemed to be loving it all. However, while I was excited to read it, I was also a bit hesitant. It looked amazing don't get me wrong, but I worried about whether or not I would like it as much as everyone else. As it turns out, I ended up loving Cinder, because not only was it as good as everyone had said, but it was such a great and diverse spin on Cinderella!  Cinder begins the story of Cinder, a mechanic who is also a cyborg. Cinder has never had the easiest of lives. She was adopted by a man with mysterious reasons why only to be left to live with his with his wretched wife and her two daughters (one who is sweet and one who is anything but) after his sudden death. Blaming her husband's death on Cinder, Cinder's stepmother has never felt anything but hate towards Cinder, especially when Cinder's one stepsister suddenly drops ill from their world's horrible and deadly disease. However, everything is about to change. Cinder is about to discover some exclusive info about her past, things she could have never imagined. Cinder is also about to catch the eye of the handsome Prince Kai who finds Cinder to be different from anyone he's ever meet before as well as the eye of the a mysterious doctor who has his own private reasons for needing Cinder's help. What will happen next? Only time and more pages can tell in this thrilling and intricate debut!  One of the best things about Cinder was the characters! For one, Cinder was a strong and smart heroine, one who I couldn't help but love from the start. I especially liked the way in which she treated people. She was nothing but kind and sweet, even to the people who gave her the hardest of times. I also really enjoyed the variety of friendships Cinder possessed that Marissa Meyer showcased throughout. From her budding romance with Prince Kai to her need to protect her nice stepsister as well as Iko to her surprising friendship with the doctor,  everything was fully developed to my liking, and it didn't help that I had nothing but love for all the main characters, especially Prince Kai.  Another high point to this novel was without a doubt the exquisite world and plot building. Throughout the book, I couldn't enough of Cinder's world. I wanted to know why everything was the way it was as well as more about the mysterious and deadly Lunar and their society. While everything wasn't reveled in Cinder, Marissa Meyer did a fabulous job of slowly doling out the necessary tidbits, ones that always came at the most perfect of times and always left me craving for more, more, and more! I also enjoyed that this book contained a slow burning romance instead of insta-love, because not only did it create for a more believable relationship, but it also allowed for other important plot parts to take center stage.  Lastly, as I alluded to throughout, Marissa Meyer's writing in this was fabulous! I couldn't get over how addicted I was to this novel, and that in most causes was do to the level of development and time Marissa put into making everything perfect. I especially loved the ending of this one! It provided a great little kick to the book, one that gave me the prefect little insight to tie me over until the next one!  Unique and well written, Cinder by Marissa Meyer is one book I can't suggest highly enough, especially to die hard dystopian fans! But quick question: I can have book #2 now? ;)  Grade: A+
B0031RAOVY|5.0|Great Movie about the freindship of a dog.I would buy more movies like this one. Dont hesitate to purchase this one you wont be disappointed.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have it downloaded on my kindle fire and it works great! it is definately an addictive game, I find myself playing it for a while.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a great tool for the Lords recovery , I love how you can share scriptures with facebook or email.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is the coolest.  I didn't even know the NIV Bible existed until I saw it in here.  I caught the NIV when it was downloadable, so I can even read out of Wi-Fi access.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I LOVE PLAYING THESE GAMES,  EVERYTIME I HAVE TO BE AT THE HOSPITAL FOR ALL THEIR TESTS I JUST BRING MY KINDLE FIRE WITH ME, ,,, I AM HAPPY I DOWNLOADED THIS 101 GAMES+16 AND THE FREE PART I REALLY LIKED. !!!!!! SO THANK YOU,  THANK YOU,  THANK YOU. !!!!!!!!! LOVE THESE GAMES ........ AND WITH THIS MANY GAME THERE'S NO NEED IN DOWNLOADING ANY MORE UNTIL I FINISH. THESE :):):)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is very simple, but is still fun and challenging. I would highly recommend it! Go get this app!
B001B6PBBK|4.0|Not something to be taken seriously ever...and her wardrobe is truly fabulous.  BM had come a long way from her days as an actress in \\"Clueless.\\"
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|The sound is breathtaking and exactly as I expected it would be. The description is spot on. I was afraid it would be a burned copy or one bought in China but it wasn't. Thank you!
B0060FXBNM|1.0|...Terrible, overrated, insipid, uninspired, atrociously acted, poorly written, banal, MESSES.  I pity whoever is sucked into buying this blatant cash grab.   The general population likes mindless popcorn flicks from the likes of directors such as Micheal Bay because all they provide are fancy eye candy and don`t require people to use a single brain cell. Nothing original or anything particularly interesting here. Shia Labeouf and Megan Fox are two of the worst \\"actors\\" I have ever witnessed and provide absolutely nothing in a film that is supposed to be about TRANSFORMERS. I mean, that`s the title of the franchise, correct? For a franchise that is based off such good source material with giant robots fighting a war, why did a good hour and a half of every film focus on two inexperienced actors that represent two characters which mean absolutely nothing to the story? I realize that films like these have to have some sort of \\"romance\\" or \\"human element\\" to keep it from being too far-fetched and to keep the ladies interested, but it was really unnecessary when you consider the fact that the franchise is called \\"TRANSFORMERS\\", not \\"HUMANS\\".  As for the first film, I enjoyed it to a point, but found myself laughing at unintentionally funny bits, and the last two were just plain terrible.  One more thing, before you start a pointless flame war, all the critics who actually know their films said the exact same thing. Hundreds of them. I review films and have loved cinema all my life, only to watch this franchise as well as others steal the spotlight from films and franchises that actually DESERVE the fame.  ~TheCritiquer  Mini-review available on RottenTomatoes. Search B. McIntosh
1440503257|5.0|This is so perfect for ANY Harry Potter fan! I got this for my brother but loved what I saw when I looked through it and am considering buying one for myself! So creative!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app is one of the best remote desktop apps I've used hands down. It feels so much smoother than other apps like LogMeIn Ignition. (Which is wayyy over priced). Definitely recommend this app and service.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The games are very short and simple. Great waist of time. Excessive ads are annoying. paid version still has ads so no saving you there.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I played this and it really fun but some.levels just need to much points to get 3 stars on every one.
B005HSL626|2.0|got this for my kindle fire and it freezes almost every time I play it. I have had to forcce quit it so many times due to it not responding any more
B005XQLBU4|5.0|works great on my asus transformer. very good touch response. well worth the price the only thing missing is more missle types..
B00004Y6O7|2.0|Hmmm - seems to me that to be a 'real' VH fan you kind of have to say you like this album. Well, I am, and I don't particularly. There is a lot of filler on this disc and you can tell there is some tension in the band.  I'm just not sure 'Dirty Movies', 'Sinner's swing', 'So this is love' and 'Sunday Afternoon in the park' contribute to a very strong album. Nowhere near the zenith of '1984' or the first album. Sorry but I'm not going to say this is good just because it's become 'cool' to say it is.
0525478817|5.0|John Green did it again. TFIOS was an amazing whirlwind of laughs and tears, there was so much to love. The bittersweet story of two \\"cancer kids\\" who fall in love was made all the better by Green's unique humor. I would most definitely recommend it to readers of all ages! DFTBA
B0063IH60K|5.0|great for passing time and keeping mind active. a must have for people who travel or are retired with time on their hands
B005XQLBU4|3.0|It's definitely a lot of fun. Similar to the old Atari Missile Command game. The reason for the 3 star rating instead of a 4 star rating is that it has frozen up on me half a dozen times. I think it has to do with the automatic save feature. I'm able to play the game again after deleting the app related data, but unfortunately this causes me to lose my progress. It's definitely a good time waster though, if you need a game that tests your reflexes and hand/eye coordination, this one is it.
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|Loved this book. Listened to it on audible. The narrator was very good. The best audiobook I have ever listened to.
B002E2QHBS|5.0|I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 62 year old father, who was at Woodstock.  He loves it so far!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|lots of games you can unlock. easy to win points to get more games free. would reccommend. games for all ages.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is great! When I discovered the audio function that reads to u that blew me away. The voices are perfect and the recording even has dramatic music in the background for effect. Very nice touch :)
0553801473|3.0|This book brings the characters back but does nothing to advance the plot. It's filler in my opinion, bouncing around through characters we don't care about. Too little about Bran and the Martin has utterly pacified Daenerys. Where has the blood of the dragon gone? In addition pulling yet another Targaryen out of the mist. This book disappoints. hopefully in 8 or 9 years when he finishes the next book he'll have found the Song again and the characters will shine the way they did in the earlier books.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Ever since it's realese back in 2008,I have been HOOKED. This show is just like the Sopranos but a bike gang instead of the mafia. Gemma is one of my favorite characters in this remarkable series. Can't wait 'till September for season 5. It's going to be Awesome..... A must buy for sure (ALL SEASONS 1-4).
B004OR1X6A|5.0|Having just found Rory's music, I am very impressed with his skills.  I now have four CD's by him in my collection and find each of them to be very good.  This one is no exception.  What a shame he died so soon.
B001DHXT2A|5.0|Great product was in great condition and was terrific to watch and arrived quickly.I searched all the cites to find the best product, I was pleased a few weeks later when I saw a special in a local WalMart store on the same product and found that I had saved over 70%. Awesome!
B000ULQV0W|5.0|Just as the movie Into the Wild captivates w/ lush scenery and a riviting if not cautionary tale...This soundtrack bursts open @ the seams with rich musical prose, enveloping and deeping the meaning of this movie.A truly enjoyable   CD.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I also love the tap option. it allows you to avoid dragging the cards. so much better than dealing cards on your desk lol
0439023521|2.0|I should probably confess, I doubt I'm in this books target audience. I'm male and in my twenties. That being said, I didn't much care for it.  For starters, a book about kids killing kids isn't exactly the sort of thing I can get behind. And at it's heart, that is the core of the book. You can try to get around it by saying - well it's actually about the sort of society that would allow such a thing to happen, or some other excuse, but that isn't what's fueling the narrative. The primary source of conflict in this book is a group of kids in an enclosed area using various means to extinguish each other's lives. I have to admit, that makes me a bit squeamish.  But putting all that aside, the book is still just not very good. From the start, we can see where this is going. Ms. Collins starts off almost immediately hyping these games, so you immediately suspect the narrator will be selected for the games or be sent to the games by some confluence of events. Then you look at the spine of the book and can determine: she won't be dying any time soon. And you get the sense this writer isn't much of a risk taker so you conclude: she won't be dying at all. You can discern all of this within the first thirty pages.  Then there is another small problem; why should we care about our protagonist? She isn't the most exciting person in the world. Besides hunting, she doesn't seem to have many interests. The world she inhabits seems so small it could induce claustrophobia. When I think of the prospect of losing such a character, I think: that will be fine. So as a reader, I don't have much skin in the game.  Another problem is the world Ms. Collins describes makes little sense. This is where being an adult and reading this book is really going to put a damper on your fun. There is a capital; it has thirteen districts surrounding it. One day these districts waged war on the capital. This got the capital angry, so they force citizens of these districts to have some of their childrenkilled every year in a barbaric televised competition. Question, when the time comes to raise a military, how is this capital going to pull that off? If you were one of the citizens of these districts, you'd be getting yearly reminders of what a sick, repressive regime is running things in the capital. I don't think the whole shared sacrifice aspect of national defense will work well in their favor. No regime interested in survival would allow such games to take place.  Everyone in this novel seems either callous or downright psychopathic. There aren't many glimmers of humanity visible. The protagonist volunteers to take the place of her sister at these games, and district 12's response is to give her a useless salute. Seems like a rebellion would have been more appropriate. Outside of the violence, there isn't much to drive this story. We limp from one dead teenager to another until we reach the predictable climax.
B0050SYS5A|2.0|We purchased an XBox Kinect for Christmas and got the Zoom thinking it would make it easier to play in our smaller space. Unfortunately, the Zoom did not work well and did not pick up our motion well enough to make game play fun. We ended up returning it and now push the furniture back when we want to play Kinect.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This was the best book I have read in years. I literally did not want to put it down. Once the actual hunger games start, it is action packed with twists and turns. Amazing book!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game id fun it gets a little addicting sometimes trying to unlock new game's my kids love it, the only problem I have is I hate playing it on my kindle fire because I can't stand the touch sensors on the device, no complaints when I play it on my itouch though
B004SBX112|5.0|I have had no problems with ads. I have played all the available Angry Birds games on my kindle Fire and found no issues. Definitely worth the buck! Buy and enjoy the regularly delivered new content - I like having something to look forward to!  Thanks, Rovio!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is tthe best free app on the android market. my husband and I work hard to beat the levels
B000007XUQ|5.0|Always enjoyed the Carpenters Christmas music the best.  Just puts the family in the mood for the celebration.  Came quickly and was in great shape, Thanks!
0525478817|5.0|When asked if this book would make you laugh or cry, John replied, \\"You will feel all these things.\\" He couldn't have been more right. This is honestly one of the best (if not the best) book I have ever read. I laughed, a lot. Hazel and Agustus have such an interesting sense of humor, you wouldn't expect kids with cancer to be so funny. Then again that was one of the reasons John wrote the book. Most cancer books are filled with the sad kid who is dying, but some how with them being in that situation it brings everyone to realized the meaning of life, blah blah blah. This book is not that kind of book. Hazel and Agusust are not those kind of kids. With the laughter part over, I also cried, a lot. It could be because the subject is close to me, but honestly I tried not to cry and yet I still did. There were tears of sadness, and tears of happiness, and tears from well laughing. This book has a wonderful plot and is beautifully written and I would suggest that if you are reading this, and you have not yet read it, stop wasting time with this silly review and get the book! You won't regret it =)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I have had fun beating games and getting points for new games.  some games are strange some are really fun.
0547258305|5.0|Title: Graceling  Author: Kristin Cashore  Publisher: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt  Number of Pages: 471  Date of Release: OUT NOW  Synopsis From Back of Book:  Deadly Grace  Katsa has been able to kill a man with her bare hands since she was eight she's a Graceling, one of the rare people in her land born with an extreme skill. As niece of the king, she should be able to live a life of privilege, but Graced as she is with killing, she is forced to work as the king's thug.  When she first meets Prince Po, Graced with combat skills, Katsa has no hint of how her life is about to change.  She never expected to become Po's friend.  She never expects to learn a new truth about her own Grace-or about a terrible secret that lies hidden far away. . .  Review: I LOVED THIS BOOK!!! I didn't really know what to expect when picking it up. All I knew was a lot of people were talking about it, and I had to see what it was all about! I have figured out my favorite genre when reading this book Epic Fantasy. Look out Paranormal Romance!!! Epic Fantasy can be written awfully or so brilliant that it is beyond words, and this is the beyond words kind! Cashore built a dream world and made it come alive in my mind! I am having a hard time putting into words how much I love this book.  The books pacing was just right, it was never slow. It kept me at the edge of my seat and I couldn't put it down! I loved Katsa we got to watch her transform into a new person before our eyes, and I loved who she became. She learned it was okay to let others in and she was rewarded greatly be it. While she struggled with her Grace, it also defined who she was and who she wanted to be! Po was AMAZING!! Okay so he was such a nice character. He is the perfect man! He is going to be put on the long list of reasons of why I am never going to be able to fall in love with a real life guy! He helps Katsa find her own way and then lets her go to be who she knows she needs to be! Their friendship had me yelling at Po and throwing the book across the room at times. Those were the times the book sucked me in and then took me to places I never expected!!  I think everyone should go read this book. Buy several copies and give them out as gifts! I don't know how anyone could not like this book. It was beyond awesome on so many levels. It had every aspect in a book that one looks for! If you want to discuss a book with me I will by default probably go to this book! Can I mention how great Po was again *SIGH* Po!! Well Go out now yes now! Even if you are in PJ's and get this book! You will not be able to put it donw and you will want more!!  CHECK OUT FIRE OUT NOW!!!
0525478817|5.0|The Fault in Our Stars will not disappoint you. Just make sure to have a box of tissues handy. Overall, it was an excellent read.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins is an amazing creation of a possible world and the cruel new government that governs it. As you read you start to believe you are the character Katniss Everdeen. Collins lets the reader into Katniss's intimate mind and perplexing thoughts. This book is a must read to anyone looking for a fantastic book. When reading about this wild new world I was afraid to put the book down, I didn't want any of the characters to die. Collins had my mind swirling from the beginning to the end. When you finish this book you feel like the door is being closed on this new place you have discovered and now are clawing at it to open again. I may die of hunger for the next Hunger Games novel.
B0063GORYU|5.0|very User friendly, I've used other apps but this is the best I've found. thank you mobility ware for a great app
0439023513|5.0|Title: Mockingjay (Hunger Games Book #3)  Author: Suzanne Collins  Date of Release: August 24, 2010  Publisher: Scholastic Press  Number of Pages: 390  Bolded From Inside Cover Flap:  MY NAME IS KATNISS EVERDEEN.  WHY AM I NOT DEAD?  I SHOULD BE DEAD.  Review(well kind of): My original thoughts after finishing this book was that I was not going to ever review this book. I think I know how I feel. I have so many mixed emotions on what occurred in the book that well I don't know if I can say some things for sure. I have been committed to this series since it was just a tiny ARC that Scholastic was doing a review promotion for a signed novel. So I feel like I should say the things I know for certain since I have so much history it seems like with these books.  Okay first things first. The world that Suzzane Collins created in The Hunger Games Trilogy is absolutely entrancing. Collins is absolutely outstandingly brilliant and Mockingjay just kept proving with every sentence how amazing she really is. If you liked the first two hunger games novels then Mockingjay is a must read.  I think a lot of people are upset about how it ended. I have something to say about that though. All good things must end they can not keep going as much as we would like. The Hunger Games had to end at some point and I am excited it ended so nicely and wasn't dragged out till we all started hating the characters. I will never forget these books they are apart of my favorites now. I even am sporting a \\"down with the capital shirt\\" that I proudly wear. I really enjoyed this series and am sad it had to
B005K17RU0|5.0|current temp and feels like, scroll by the hour, scan weather for days ahead, see any alerts.  fast and useful
0446618322|5.0|I am a huge Nicholas Sparks fan. When I saw a preview for The Lucky One about to hit the theatres I knew I had to read this novel before the movie comes out. The movies (with exception of The Notebook) are never anywhere close to how good his novels are. Sure enough The Lucky One didn't dissapoint. I felt the pace of the story was spot on and  you could truely feel the emotions each character was feeling. I felt myself holding my breath in that last chapter...
B00000ITOY|5.0|My 15 month old had played with this toy at a friend's house and he was mesmerized.  When it came time for his birthday, I got it for him and he played with it for 20 minutes straight right when he got it (this from a very energetic toddler who doesn't usually spend that long on one task or with one toy).  He gets such a focused and concentrated look on his face while playing with this one, it sure looks like the wheels in his little mind are working hard.<br /><br />I will say that it's a wooden toy with wooden pieces and they're not very laquered or sanded, but it's not enough that I worry about splinters or danger.  Just not quite as polished a toy as I thought.  Still, to function as it does, not a lot of polish needed.  I'd recommend this to any little one who has a fascination with how things go together and come apart.
1455830518|1.0|I ordered the book on c.d. so I could listen to it as I drive.  I received the book in a version I have no idea how to download or deal with in order to put it in the correct format so I can listen to it on a traditional car c.d. player.
0618680004|5.0|Now I have ready many great books, fiction and non-fiction. But this book is by far the best non-fiction book I have ever read and probably the best book I have ever read.
B0052TDGQO|4.0|I am not a country music fan, and I've never even seen American Idol. The first time I heard this kid sing was on a Yahoo \\"Must See Video\\" about 2 months ago. Listening to it made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. He has a magnificent voice - there is such power, passion and color in it. He's a HUGE talent, and with the right management and material, he will be an enormous star.  I bought this album, Clear As Day. Its a great first effort and the first recording I've purchased by a country singer since Willie Nelson released the now-classic Stardust in the late 1970s. Yes, friends, he IS that good! We might just be looking at the future Sinatra of the country genre.  4-stars for Clear As Day/5-stars for McCreery
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I find no problems with this cover.  It holds my Fire securely in place, has protected it from the first slip out of my hands, sits up very nicely and securely, and the price is perfect as one of these can get as it was on sale.  It is light and still incredibly protective of my investment.  It even fits on my treadmill so I can read and exercise.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the app is alright. it takes forever to get the points u need but its with it. I give it 4 stars
B003L77GRO|5.0|Service was very prompt and recording was factory sealed of fine unopened quality.  Our family enjoys the Dexter series and its quirky characters.  They are so real life and none are two dimensional.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|In most cases, probably only those whose hearts and souls are wrestling with the issues that matter most in life will be able to truly appreciate this film. If you happen to be one who can't relate, fine, but please don't assume others won't be deeply affected as I was by this masterpiece of cinematic expression.  It underscored again to me the importance of recognizing how our apprehension of the cosmos in childhood resulted for too many of us into our buying into lie-based thinking about who we are, what place we play in society, and who God is or isn't.  In adulthood the harvest of our misapprehensions too often causes us to run into seemingly intractable problems in relationships and other areas of life, leading as we attempt to deal with these challenges to our living out Thoreau's, \\"There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.\\" In other words, we think we are dealing with the problems, but in fact we are not as the root of them often goes back to our having bought into lies about ourselves, others, etc., that thereafter colored our view of reality and hindered our being able to live truly successful, meaningful, altruistic, satisfying lives.  Watch the eldest son's actions carefully, creeping through the empty house, etc. Then listen to the remorse when he expresses wanting to take back actions that have darkened his heart and path and \\"be like them,\\" with \\"them\\" being the as-yet untainted living around him. Ever felt that? I have.  Open your heart and mind and see if this film won't in some small way help you in your journey to wholeness.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Great app! Would recommend to everyone looking for reliable weather and more right at your fingertips. Keep up the great work and keep the updates coming!
0817439390|1.0|Great book?  Yes!  Helpful information for those new to photography.  However, I rated this book with only one star because it is basically the same word for word information and, at times, photo examples, as another one of his books, Bryan Peterson's Understanding Photography Field Guide.  Should have been on my toes before making this purchase!  If you already own a book by this author, compare the table of contents of both books.  Might save yourself from wasting your money and buying something you already own.  Don't let the different titles fool you, as they did me.
B003G4W49C|1.0|The book is rather pedantic, it reads very quickly since the language is simple. The book is just getting good when it's over. This is probably his best book. Don't take my word on the homophobia - you can go read his horrible rant here [...]
1451648537|3.0|I was surprised to find that you could write a book about a man who refused to bathe, flush, or treat his pancreatic cancer as his doctor recommended and make it a slow read. The whole book can be summarized as follows: Steve and colleagues come up with a product (insert Apple Computer, MacIntosh, iPod, iPhone, whatever) and Steve cycles daily on the minute details of each product while alternately abusing (\\"this is s#$%\\") and praising (\\"I love it\\") the product until he considers it perfect. The end.  The story also touches on Jobs' life outside of work, and Isaacson outlines Steve's failings as a husband, father, and friend. However, the book seems to lack the interest that you would expect from his stormy life story. It seems that the book's release was timed to coincide with Jobs' passing, but I think that the story telling would have benefited had Isaacson set the project aside and revisited the topics in the wisdom of hindsight. It was almost as if he was pulled into Steve's charismatic force field and lost his edge.  The reality of Jobs' story seems to be that he was not a very nice person. People seemed to be in awe of his fame and money and enabled his bad behavior. At one point in the book, Isaacson describes Jobs in his hospital bed rejecting a whole lineup of smoothies as not good enough. I was left wondering why Isaacson never asked why his wife, friends, and family didn't just stop catering to him.  Isaacson works on the assumption that all Apple products are engineering masterpieces. Really? All you have to do is google \\"I can't get my music off of my iPod\\" and you can find plenty of frustrated folks trying to help each other understand this \\"intuitive\\" product with no manual.  All in all, I guess that Walter Isaacson suffered from a humanity that Jobs never understood. As his personal biographer, he was compassionate and considerate in the telling of a dying man's life story.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love the winning hand option. The ads are very non-obtrusive. it's a quality free app with an old-school feel. highly recommended.
B004LWZW4W|1.0|Can't believe how bad this movie is !  I sat patiently waiting for something to happen, and it never did -- CG overdone, which is pretty much the way most of the so-called sci-fi, action, or whatever they call these films these days.  I'm sure that in theaters and those watching the BD were enthralled with the climactic action scenes, I continued with fast forwarding which started about half-way into the film.  I did get a kick out of the horse and gorilla stunt, otherwise a dreary, boring movie, Franco was much too lispy in this one!!!
B004EBUXI0|5.0|Best bang for your buck. The multiplier is partially unlocked for those who do not know. You need a P67, Or z68 Motherboard to do it though. You can raise the turbo bins +4. Anyway that is just 1 of the great features of this chip. You Get Avx,and Aes instructions Which speed up multimedia stuff,and Help big time with encryption software. Wei score was 7.5, You can't get a 7.9 Without a Octocore, But Anything that is in the 7's is more than enough. Should last for a long time and can play any game maxed out with a Geforce 560 SC
0525478817|5.0|This book is beautiful and astonishing and took me to a place I didn't expect. The work John Green put into this book is evident.
B003EI2EH2|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  If I had to pick one annoying thing about it, I'd probably say that the author is too obviously in love with himself.  A few of the anecdotes are downright silly, but most of them were illuminating or amusing.  What spoke to me most is Ferriss' view that the only way to know what works for you is to experiment.  He is also very honest (sometimes far too honest) about his own experimental successes and failures.<br /><br />I found that the diet works very well and is much easier to stick to than Atkins.  I also found that his \\"minimum effective dose\\" approach to weight training works very well for me.  There were a few things that didn't work well or that I didn't want to try, but all in all I found it to be an interesting and easy read.
0316069884|5.0|I love meat. I have for over 40 years. I compete in BBQ competitions. Smoked brisket, pulled pork, chicken thighs, steak, hamburger, the occasional hot dog.  I've been eating healthier in recent years, ordering more chicken and salmon, since they're better for you than beef and pork. Pretty self-satisfied with how things were going.  Until I read this amazing book.  Recommended to me by my friend and BBQ competition partner, who I rely on to know about best cuts of meat, how to carve, etc.  I took a while to get into it. Once I did, I couldn't stop.  This is one of the most interesting books I've ever read, coming at the topic from a variety of angles, and bringing in a number of voices from farmers, workers and others attempting to shape the food industry and farming methods. There are ethical discussions I'd never considered, horror show details I'd suspected but distanced myself from, and people with different points of view.  All put together, it's a great episodic story, well told.  My net takeaway? Factory farms are not \\"farms\\" the way we've been raised to think about them. Their animals--the chickens I thought were a healthier eating option--are a freakshow science experiment, genetically modified over the past few decades, pumped with 10 times the antibiotics that people consume every year, just to keep them alive for a few weeks. Between that, the implications of these 'farms' being the sources of viruses like swine flu, bird flu, etc. and the unsanitary conditions that lead to all sorts of other bacteria on most meat sold in the grocery, I'm tapping out.  I wish I could unlearn some of what I now know.  I can't say I won't ever eat meat again. I can say, if I do eat it, I'll think about that decision's ethics and know as much about the source as possible.
B004Q1FDHO|3.0|crashed often with the Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  performance when it did run was much better than my overclocked Moto Droid though.  good for passing time.
B004Q0R7FG|3.0|This Chugger is not ready for departure.  I deduct one star from the total score for facial distortion and a too short nose.  I take another one off for no lighter green nose light.  Fortunately I still have my interactive Koko who can fit on the wood rails when I need my Koko fix.  Of course that chugger can't fit through tunnels but this one can't either unless they Chuggington tunnels.  The body is wood and has a good feel to it but the plastic parts fail.
B000VWOV3O|4.0|Just got this set in the mail. It is the first one I've bought from this series (Original Album Classics) and so far I like what I see and Hear. These all look like great bargains for an introduction to the bands music. Some of these, like the Passport one, are an extremely good deal since many of those old album titles are hard to find and expensive when you do. I had already purchased the first two albums of this set seperately a few years back on the recomendation of a fellow music lover who had listened to Mahavishnu Orchestra since the 70's.  Since it was only $13 and I wanted the other three album titles I went ahead and purchased this item. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of the lack of Any kind of booklet info or liner notes. The music is absolutely 5 stars and all these discs sound good.<br /><br />The only people giving this (unfairly) 1 star ratings are music packeging snobs that have been spoiled by high priced Japanese mini LP replica box sets.  Too bad for them.  I'm here for the Music first, then the nice packeging.  Come on, what did you really expect for a 5 CD box set for the price of one normal CD?  As long as you realize what you are getting for your money, it shouldn't be a problem.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|me and my children love playing these games. with so much variety we don't get bored and look forward to each new game unlocked.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|I have not had time to use this app yet.  I like the idea of being able to get on my desktop from a different location.
B000VBJEFK|5.0|I remember first watching this on the plane and I was blown away by it and so the moment it was released in Bluray I decided I had to get it.  I am one of those who dislikes having to pay for both a standard and bluray version when I just want one version and so it is great to get a package like this one where they don't force you to get both.  In fact, it is this reason that stops me from upgrading \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" for example among other Disney classics until I can get them on the one Bluray disc alone.  As far as this bluray release goes there is nothing not to like about it.  The picture quality in 1080p is stunning and the sound quality in uncompressed 5.1 surround sound is also excellent.  The bonus feature documentaries are great as well making this a great addition to the Pixar section of your video library.<br /><br />This great tale against discrimination and bigotry and about daring to rise beyond artificially constructed social barriers to achieve your dreams is timeless and makes this bluray watchable over and over again.<br /><br />Highly recommended!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I really like the app.  It is very detailed and interesting to look at.  The moon phase app is worth having.
B001BLSEHS|4.0|I've always been a big Steve Winwood fan and although I only first heard him during his [[ASIN:B00599UEZS Arc of a Diver]] days subsequent research led me to his early days and this early offering released in the same year as the legendary Beatles' [[ASIN:B0025KVLTM Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Remastered)]] and borrows ideas from that and [[ASIN:B000002UAR Revolver]] yet exudes a very unique vibe of its own.  While the presence of Mason's sitar and Eastern voicings and the psychedelic leanings can be attributed to the Beatles' influence, this album has a mood of its own and listening to it transports me into an incense-filled room and in fact the music sounds as if it is struggling to break through a thick smoke-filled room to get to your eardrums and yet it is very addictive and holds you spellbound.  Whether intentional or a product of less than optimal sound production the effect is quite fascinating making it an overall very rewarding listen.<br /><br />Recorded in mono, the sound quality is a little patchy with some tracks sounding okay and a few not so good with uneven volume levels and varying amounts of muddiness but this is possibly due to a poor master source.  Although this mini-lp replica sleeve (mlps) release has been remastered and a heroic attempt made to clean up the sound let's just say that it wasn't a total success.  Sound quality aside, this is an admirable mlps release coming well designed and assembled though a little difficult to get the cd out meaning you have to be careful not to tear the cardboard but coming with a foldout containing all the lyrics in both English and Japanese this will satisfy the collectors if not the audiophiles.<br /><br />Overall this is a decent mlps release of a unique 60s classic that rewards repeated listening.<br /><br />Recommended!
B005K17RU0|1.0|The very first task is to choose a location.  The Ap was unable to complete this task accurately. It would verify my location and then bring up one that it randomly selected.  Unfortunatley, it was on the other side of the State and isn't even close.<br /><br />This happened regardless of how the information was entered (by zip code or by spelling out the city name)<br /><br />The other options on the ap often do not load correctly if they load at all. I frequently received the message that the page was \\"unavailable\\". It is disappointing, frustrating, and inaccurate.
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|As a Queen fan who prefers the pre-\\"Works\\" period, it's probably no surprise that I thoroughly enjoyed watching this concert in Montreal.  The fact that the picture quality is simply stunning in 1080p and the sound quality is excellent in 5.1 lossless surround certainly helped a great deal as well.  The bonus Live Aid concert is good to have but has not been restored well and so the picture quality is nowhere near as good as the Montreal concert.  As Live Aid only makes up about 20 minutes of this disc I guess it's not too big a deal given the vastly superior main course.<br /><br />Fans of Queen can't afford not to have this in their sonic video library.<br /><br />Recommended!
B002RPR6DU|1.0|Ok, say there is some reason we don't know why they can't have the protective domes on Earth, but it exists, maybe.  There is absolutely no reason to have the freighters carrying the domed forests in space move millions of miles from Earth when the plan was to return the forests to Earth once it was made suitable for vegetation again. Then they try to make us believe that a botanist doesn't know that light is an important part of plant life's health. The biggest crime though is the ejection and destruction of the forest domes that contain the last natural food source, which even if they only harvest the one time could be sold for incredible amounts, as well as the other materials that could be harvested from the trees and plant life that is obviously in zero or at the very least, short supply on Earth.  Keep in mind, it's a large corporation that is making all these decisions based purely on monetary gain, as they decide the freighters would be better utilized returning them to commercial shipping.  They have to return to Earth anyway, why not just drop off the domes there and liquidate the goods and salvage the domes and support systems instead of using expensive nuclear devices to blow them up.  There are just far too many uses that could bring tremendous gains when fought over by the rich.
B002PLAZZC|4.0|I will admit I am biased. I like almost any vampire movie or tv show. I loved Buffy The Vampire Slayer. I think I will review it next.  This is one I missed when it was on TV so I caught up using my amazon prime.  I enjoyed this take. It is derivative but by now all of these are. The teen vampire trying to fit in and make it work with his girlfriend. Sounds familiar right, like a famous movie? Well it is better than the movie I thought.
B003OF3R0S|5.0|Nothing to dislike here...I'm not going to get into the over analysis of this CD and into a deep discussion...it's just great, in your face, outside the lines music.  Love it!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Have this on my kindle fire and I absolutely love it! If I'm trying to catch up on downloading some of the shows ive missed I can just carry my fire around as opposed to my 17\\" 15 pound laptop hah. No complaints whatsoever!!
B00127RAJY|4.0|Have been using this video every other day and have been pleased with the results that I am seeing. The only issue that I have run into is that it can be hard on the knees.  I do the exercises just like she instucts but have found that sometimes my knees start to bother. I have had to take a few days off in order to give them a rest. But with that said, I did see results in just a few weeks and like the fact that it is only 20 minutes out of my day, with 2 babies home, it's hard to find time to do anything any longer than that.
B0064X7FVE|4.0|Easy to add locations and page between them. Also easy to switch between different views (current,  10 hour, 3 day, ...). Ads can be annoying at the top but hey, it's free.
B004ZMWUCU|5.0|After settling in to the cadence created going from chapter to chapter, I thoroughly enjoyed the story and each of the characters.  Sometimes heartwrenching, but never to the point of lasting darkness, Jamie's childhood memories give such a rich layering to his adult life, quirky as it was! Each little glimmer of hope along the way kept the story moving all the way to the surprising end!
B005V20JKI|5.0|Ridiculously fun. Love the challenge of adapting to different heroes on the fly. Each one is unique and has it's charms.
B0015DROBO|4.0|Stieg Larsson should be commended for creating a wonderful plot and for bringing clarity and perspective to certain social issues.  But if we praise Mr. Larsson for calling attention to and condemning violence against women and intolerance, shouldn't we also scold him for celebrating unprotected sex and adultery?  I know that the one sexual incident in which contraceptives are defiantly disdained is the author's effort to show Lisbeth Salander making a role reversal statement; but, if Mr. Larsson is really trying to raise awareness of social issues, couldn't he have made this statement without reference to neglected contraceptives?<br /><br />This novel has strong themes of justice and revenge.  There are three villains, and Mr. Larsson works hard to give all of the villains what they deserve.  After the primary villain is identified, there is a strong dialogue between the two protagonists over whether the villain's upbringing was partially responsible for the crimes. One protagonist shows some sympathy and states that the villain was also a victim, but the other adamantly disagrees (and unfortunately the Rooney Mara/Daniel Craig movie version of the novel, which otherwise follows the plot more closely than the Swedish version, omits this dialogue).  In any case, this dialogue makes a good case for individual responsibility.  Revenge may or may not be good therapy, but people should be able to rise above injustices they may have experienced and not exploit the innocent or defenseless.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|This is an awesome new version of a classic! I didn't want to stop playing it the first time I gave it a try.
0312370849|5.0|As Julia asked that man if he came out unscathed and his reply is no that is how you will feel. You will not come out unscathed. This is a story and a book that will leave you awed, engrossed in this book you will finish it quickly. This book WILL change your life, your view on life, the way you see life. You will suddenly see things different. This story drives deep into your heart. I know personality I will never forget this story. I will keep it in my heart and hope the wound it has punctured into my heart does not heal. I personality favored Sarah, more on the historical side, I liked Julia's side more towards the end but both are superb views. This book will haunt you day and night like it did Julia and the author. PLease read this WILL change your life.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|Fun twist on Angry Birds but Updates are few and far between. Really? Otherwise, well worth the download for sure.
B0063IH60K|3.0|I am changing my review.  DO NOT INSTALL UPDATES!!!!!!!  I did and now I get more ads, often 2 per game.  I first gave 5 stars but changed it to 3 because of the ads.  My comments about the game, below, are still true.  This is great!  The navigation is perfect.  In other solitaire games you either have to move the card yourself or click 2 or 3 times to move a card.  This one is 1 tap to move a card or a group of cards, and has undo.  Highly recommended
B004T5R2HQ|1.0|Great app but Amazon marketplace version is several important updates behind the official version or that on the android marketplace.
B000A2IPP0|5.0|A word of caution here. You'll see other reviewers here stating that \\"this contains both versions of the film\\". Amazon is bundling all reviews for the E.T. DVDs together. ONLY THE TWO DISC VERSION CONTAINS THE ORIGINAL 1982 THEATRICAL RELEASE. The single DVD version contains the 2002 version which was infamously tinkered with by Spielberg.<br /><br />Having watched the original 1982 version numerous times it was a bit of a shock seeing what was added/changed in this newer release. There are a handful of short scenes added from the editing room floor in addition to some very heavy handed modifications of E.T. himself using computerized graphics (CG). The CG isn't completely bad, and in parts improves the original film (the levitating \\"planets\\" and phone-building scenes especially) but other scenes when E.T. is frightened or experiencing some kind of drama Spielberg replaced the original E.T. with a CG version that moves and contorts its face in a manner completely different than the original (which was admittedly rather stiff and expressionless). Technically, they did an admirable job of fusing this CG version into the existing scenes, and kids won't notice the difference one bit, but adults could be bothered by the modifications and jumping back and forth between the CG and original versions of E.T.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I like the appearance on my Fire. It is clear and easy to read.  I highly recommend this app for weather.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great app! loads very smooth and my kids love the variety of the games. It keeps them busy for hrs!
0307959856|1.0|I was intrigued when I heard that PD James had written a sequel to Pride and Prejudice. I like PD James and thought it would be interesting to see if she could blend her distinctive style with Austen's. It turns out that she can't.  There are some initials hurdles that must be overcome. First, Pride and Prejudice continues to be one of the most-loved books in literature. Although Austen herself worried that it was too light and sparkling, it was her favorite of her works; this holds true for many readers as well. To successfuly blend something of the original sparking wit and appeal with the maturation of the characters would be a tall order for Austen, let alone another writer. Second, the tone of Austen's work is very difficult for a modern author to duplicate. Austen's awareness of the social mores of her day were the everyday experience, not something that had to be researched and applied second hand, as they have changed considerably over time. For example, Elizabeth's awareness of propriety seems natural to her character, not a perspective that the author had to don before writing of the contrast between Jane and Elizabeth and the public faults of their family. Third, Pride and Prejudice ends with a summary of the main characters' future lives.  There is not much for a reader to wonder about. In \\"The Annotated Pride and Prejudice\\", one of the annotations states that in a letter from Austen's nephew, he asserted that Austen pictured that Kitty would marry a curate near Pemberly, and that the best Mary could do would be a clerk from her uncle Philip's employ. It would certainly be nice if Austen had tied up all the loose ends concerning the minor characters in that final chapter, but it really isn't necessary; the reader knows that Lizzy and Darcy and Jane and Bingley will have happy lives. Those who have violated decency and family ties have been punished for it, so the characters have reaped what they have sown. This is why I usually avoid Pride and Prejudicesequels; since I don't think Austen could have done it, there isn't much point to reading attempts which will just disappoint me.  The first problem I encountered was the introduction. James has lifted phrasing wholesale from the original; it is difficult to tell whether this is meant to ease the reader back into the world of Pride and Prejudice or is an attempt to provide a different perspective on the events of that book. It's clumsy if the former, and the use of so much borrowed phrasing prevents the latter. It is also waspish in a way that was missing from the original; for example, it is asserted that Elizabeth is not popular in the neighborhood of Longbourne because of her \\"caustic\\" wit.  Reading further, the wit of the original has been completely lost. While we would expect Elizabeth and Darcy to mature (and it is shown that Elizabeth has become better educated as she thought she would, and Darcy is not so proud and far more loving) one could reasonably expect that their teasing would continue in some degree, but it has been snuffed out. I don't necessarily regret that the brightness of the original has also been so muted, since the characters have grown and matured in their new lives. The writing is stilted in tone, and too much backstory for new characters is provided in conversations.  The wooden nature of the characters' speech puts a barrier between the reader and the book in a way that is missing from the original. It veers toward caricature. A major disappointment is how much Lizzy fades from the second part of the book. What is a Pride and Prejudice sequel without Lizzy? How is it possible that Lizzy and Darcy have gotten so entirely boring?  James' handling of the characters is also stiff. For example, Colonel Fitzwilliam has become upright, humorless, inclined to overstep his authority, and rather devious. While we would assume that Lydia would not improve in character and she is shown to be hardened, the assertion that Lydia knew at the time thatLizzy spoke to their father to prevent her from going to Brighton is not supported by the original.  The sisterly affection between Jane and Elizabeth has also been altered to be rather cloying and simpering. I also thought the little mentions of characters from Austen's other works to be rather stupid. The originals weren't meant to work together, so why force it?  The mystery itself is not very interesting. Too much revelation is left for the pivotal moment and the aftermath. It is sordid, which you might expect from Wickham, and I found the explanation given in the aftermath to be unconvincing and, frankly, lame--especially in the choice of the murderer. This squalidness leaches the life and fun right out of the characters.  Honestly, there isn't much about the book that is worth reading, and I have to admit that I started skimming the book after the first few chapters. Lovers of the original are strongly advised to stick with the original; those who like sequels are advised to look elsewhere. Modern forensics and detection do not fit into Austen's world. James does not have the skill to bridge the gap between her world and Austen's.
B0017MO10U|1.0|I purchased Stargate continium and when I received it they sent me Steel magnolias instead I have contacted the company 3 times anf=d after 3 weeks I have heard nothing I will not  purchasing anything through Amazon again or its partners
B004NELBPC|5.0|Now that the bugs are gone (thank God), this is a good app.  And they even made it user friendly.  My first news choice when I grab my kindle fire.
1400069181|5.0|I first found out about TOMS back in 2008, and instantly I was intrigued.  In 2009, I bought four pairs of TOMS shoes not only because I thought they were cute, but I loved the business model that Blake Mycoskie had started!  When I found out that Blake was giving out 2 books for us to read, review, and give away through a contest on my blog, I instantly signed up... Owning a small business myself, I was really interested in how he even got this business started, and to start something that makes a difference in the lives of not just one but millions of kids around the world.  It took me awhile to get through the book because I've been so busy, but I was able to sneak in some reading time on the plane on my travels, and I was very encouraged and inspired by his stories... What really stood out was that he didn't go by traditional \\"business model\\" that everyone has to have.  Rather, he just did whatever he had to do to get his story out there.  I'm huge on stories, and I find so many of his stories endearing, funny, inspirational, and motivating!!!  It also gave me permission to think outside the box (cuz everyone has to have 2-cents on what my business has to look like, and it made me second guess myself), and re-think the way I do things... I would highly recommend this book not only for business entrepreneurs but anyone who loves great stories of success and failure as well as those that really want to do something that matters with their lives!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games is absoltely one of the best books ive ever read. Suzanne Collins did an amazing job sending a message about the evil of the capitol and the hunger game, with just enouggh humour andromance to balance it out. I feel so deeply for Kattniss and her struggles as she tries to make it out of the games alive while also dealing with peetea and his love for her. I have read this book multiple times and I like it even more every time I read it. I would recommend this to annyone because it is such an amazing book.
B000057H8P|1.0|I ordered this video through Amazon for christmas.  When I got ready to watch it, it would not play because it was not formatted for this country.  Never again will I order a video from a vendor that is not amazon itself.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love it i am like addicted to this game and there.are lots of games on here for kids its amazing
B0063GORYU|4.0|I play for hours to relax. Ads are minimal and not a problem. Options for customizing are also a great feature.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|This game worked great on my Nexus One. Now it freezes on the first level no matter what on my Galaxy Nexus.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|This is an awesome sequel to end the movies....or is it? I want more!! What happens to the kids in the world of wizardry?
B0055SWM08|3.0|amazing puzzle game with a great attention to presentation. I will be buying the expansion for sure! I don't want this game to end
B000W7JWUA|5.0|My husband and I have spent hours playing this game.  It's our new favorite! I highly recommend it if you enjoy strategy games.
1451629184|5.0|Jaycee as an 11 year old innocent on her way to school is forever changed by the events that transpired the morning of the kidnapping. The reader senses the naivete' and the sweetness that was quickly changed to fear and dread as the days pass. Help captive in horrific conditions, Jaycee tells her story through journals, memories and adult perspective. A must-read for those of us inspired by the triumph of the human spirit faced with difficult situations.<br /><br />The observation of the mental illness of her captors and the strength and resilience of this author will stay with you a long, long time.
B005O30Y5Y|4.0|Although I have been a keen follower of the series this was the one chapter I was looking forward to own in Blu Ray. I am highly pleased with the level of detail and features provided on this disk; it does justice to this excellent finale to the HP series!
B004O3YGMC|4.0|This app is truly useful. Works great on the kindle fire. I have not used it outside of my network but within the network it works as described.
0385343175|4.0|This book is true Danielle Steel. I have everyone of her books and was happy to add this one to my collection.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is addictive I wake up in the middle of the night playing this game. I just cannot put it down!
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|I don't know how this film stayed under the radar in its time.  It's a great family movie, a little formulaic and has been done before, but very fresh and well done.  When I saw Edward Norton I thought I might not like it, not that he is a poor actor (on the contrary, I think he's very talented) but this didn't seem his \\"kind\\" of movie.  Boy was I ever wrong, he does a great job with it, but the character of Eisenheim fits in well with his seemingly \\"real\\" personality...the soft-spoken, intelligent illusionist.  Also features Rufus Sewell as the \\"bad guy\\" Prinz Leopold, and I think Sewell is one of the most under-rated actors in Hollywood.  Why doesn't this guy do more stuff?  Top it all off with Jessica Biehl who I've NEVER seen do a poor job in ANYTHING she's been in, and it helps I think she's also a knock-out!  This movie is very, very well-acted, all around.  The setting and scenery are great, and I didn't even mind that it took place in Austria and they were all speaking English, one thing that usually peeves me and can remove me from the story quicker than anything else.  The musical score is also fantastic!  Get the family together, gather up the snacks and the drinks, park yourselves around the TV and prepare for a night of movie enjoyment.  A classically GOOD film!  Huzzah!
B003K16P3M|5.0|I got this book through the daily Kindle deal and could not put it down. I am looking forward to BITTERBLUE!
B004UOE7VA|5.0|I purchased this because it was on sale through Amazon's mp3 store. I'm not usually a fan of the genre but I love the mixes. (DP's original is good also) Highly recommended!
B006JPS1OM|5.0|GREAT GAME. CANT WAIT TO C WHO THE KILLER IS. I LOVE THE THRILL OF THE GAME. VERY AWESOME. BEST GAME I'VE. PLAYED SO FAR.
B0063IH60K|5.0|do this game when I'm bored.... that's a a LOT!&iexcl;!!!!!do it at school to and egrets where in coursing. a a a a
B0063GORYU|4.0|great game. only drawback is that it is addictive.  could play for hours. would probably be too easy for some people, that is why i gave it 4 stars, but is just right for me. can help relieve stress because it is do-able but not too easy.
B004XN3FHA|5.0|I had been looking for a light to keep in my car that had more throw than than my edc light but still had some low settings so I could use it to change a tire, etc. After researching tons of lights I decided to try the Fenix TK41... and I'm glad I did! If you've never owned a Fenix light you'll be impressed when you get it, I sure was! The quality is amazing, better than I expected (and I had high expectations to start with). The UI is as simple as it gets, and I love the memory function so I don't have to cycle through all the settings every time I turn on the light. And talk about brightness and throw... WOW! If you really need to light something up this thing will do it. Extremely pleased with this purchase, I highly recommend this light!!! PS I'm powering mine with eneloop batteries for those of you who may want to know.
B0052VUNHC|3.0|I purchased Beautiful Disaster based on two things. The story's description and the amount of positive reviews on Amazon, that's not to say I base my reading on what others think--because I don't.<br />The cover was eye catching, and reading the synopsis really pulled me in.<br />Before I get into my opinion (everyone has their own) I want to say obviously this story has something that kept me reading. I don't finish a book unless it forces me to. But that doesn't mean I enjoyed it as much as I anticipated.<br />I am going to challenge myself today to explain the story in one very small paragraph--which I think can be done.<br />So here goes...<br />Beautiful Disaster is a story that is just that, Beautiful Disaster. It's a story about a dysfunctional relationship between Abby aka \\"pigeon\\" and Travis Maddox. (I don't even need a paragraph that wraps it up for me in a nutshell)<br />How did I feel while reading this book? I felt astonished, shocked, happy and then sickened. It was like watching a horrible scenario play out before your eyes (a man snatches an old ladies purse and beats her with it, but you merely sit there and take it in instead of doing something) that was sort of the way I felt about this book.<br />I sit here wondering about the author. Did she see this book as an actual relationship that made her swoon? Was she trying to shock and awe? Because the dynamics between the characters was so twisted I couldn't enjoy their relationship about a quarter of the way through the book. It was grimy. The kind of relationship that to me would have me filing for a restraining order.<br />I get dysfunction. I love it, I write it. But there was a point where the intrigue I felt for Travis flew out the window. He became everything you don't want out of a man. He was clingy, possessive and \\"stalkerish\\". Not to mention violent. Even knowing what he had been through in his life it didn't resolve his ways for me. I simply read to see if one of them killed the other one, or if somehow they would see how toxic they were for each other and act like normal human beings and walk away.<br />A lot of the story was so much that I just couldn't get into it. Abby goes from this mysterious college girl to a former gambler intertwined with the mob. Really? Or how about the scene where the macho Travis bust into an episode of Mobbed in the cafeteria (google it if you don't know what show I'm talking about, it's great.) Some parts were just too hard to believe to enjoy for me.<br />Aside from this it didn't take away from the great characters. I loved America and Shepley. They were funny and helped the story along, although if America was such a good friend I wonder why she rooted her friend's horrible choice in men along for as long as she did--actually she basically supported the horrible relationship from beginning to end. It took her to the end to finally say enough is enough. And every time, like an emotionally battered being she was pulled back in.<br />I would say there were three times in the story that I felt the book should have ended. And then it went on and on and on. I kept reading, sure, but really it was so long and to me I think it could have been half the amount that it was and still have the same moral--yeah I think there is a moral to this story. Don't be so completely dependent on someone that you can't function normally without them. And don't get stupid tattoos. *shrugs*<br />I want to say I think the author is a great story teller; she made one hell of a chaotic relationship. If you're looking for a chaotic tumultuous romance then this is for you.<br />I've even read over some reviews and giggled. It's a story, the point of a book is to entertain and I was totally entertained. I would even read another book by the author.<br />Even though the relationship had me cringing a little part of me enjoyed the disaster. And if a story can keep you reading and in awe, well, to me that's a good thing.<br />I give it three stars forthe simple fact I like to fall head over heels for my characters and although there were aspects I liked about them all, I just felt that it was a little cheesy for me.<br />So with that I say enjoy Beautiful Disaster as what it is: a form of entertainment. I don't think the author was trying to teach anyone a lesson in life. She just wanted readers to come along for the ride.<br />And lastly, there is a lot of foul language (which I love) and sex. *gasp* (which is fine by me) so if you're young and living with the rents, I say stay away.cters and although there were aspects I liked about them all, I just felt that it was a little cheesy for me.  So with that I say enjoy Beautiful Disaster as what it is: a form of entertainment. I don't think the author was trying to teach anyone a lesson in life. She just wanted readers to come along for the ride.  And lastly, there is a lot of foul language (which I love) and sex. *gasp* (which is fine by me) so if you're young and living with the rents, I say stay away.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|its fun... a little easy.  the banter back and forth is a little annoying. but you can skip most of it.
B004V6BQ3O|3.0|Acceptable performance but takes up the hot shoe mount.  It doesn't need any of the electronic contacts on the hot shoe mount- just the mount.  Nikon should develop some alternative so that you don't lose access to the hot shoe.
B004MC8CA2|3.0|5 stars if it weren't for the crashing issue. I love this app otherwise. Many great reading plans to chose from.
B004L49K20|5.0|I liked every song on this CD from the very first spin - a first for me. A second spin began a cycle from which I can't seem to break free. The problem is that damn \\"Leopard\\" song (and to a slightly lesser degree, the title track); I can play it over and over but just can't get enough.  This record sounds great now, but could have also been a perfect follow-up to the Wedding album. THAT is truly astounding! All You Need Now is a timeless recording and an absolute \\"MUST-HAVE\\" for every collection that includes music from this genre (1980's, Electronic, Dance, Pop, and probably a few more I fail to think of at the moment).  The Man Who Stole A Leopard. WOW!
B004RSCWZ2|5.0|I really don't think there are words for how good some of these songs are.  I could praise Midnight in Harlem until I'm blue in the face, but once you hear it you either get it or you don't.  I hope for your sake you are one that gets it because it would be a shame not too.
B0055SWM08|5.0|The graphics are soothing and the puzzles change enough to be entertaining, but the levels are untimed, so the game is always relaxing.
B002ZG977Y|5.0|a xmas present for my son-in-law and have heard no complaints from him.  I would say that everything is great including the delivery b4 xmas as promised.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good game, but I cant believe they make you have avword minimum. that is just silly. this game helps pass boring times.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game will interest people of all ages! You have to figure out how to move through increasing more difficult levels in a maze. Good for enhancing problem solving skills! Great graphics!
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a good cardio workout.  This DVD is divided into three 20 minute circuits, which gives you the option to do a 20 minute workout, a 40 minute workout, or a 60 minute workout.  It's nice to have the time variations and do whichever fits your schedule on a given day. I am a fitness instructor, but I wanted an intense workout for myself on days I didn't teach.  This DVD does a good job in getting in both cardio and strenght workouts.  I used my heart rate monitor and doing Curcuit one and two together, I burned approximately 300 calories.  Doing circuit 2 and 3 together, I burned approximately 255 calories.  I actually prefer doing circuit 1 and 2 for a better calorie burn.  While this is a good, intense workout, for maximum calorie burn in a short amount of time, I really prefer Jillian's Burn Fat Boost Metabolism workout.  It's approximately 40 mintues and I burned a total of 350 calories with it.  However, I still like this DVD and I like being able to rotate between the two. If there is a con to this DVD it's that you can skip the intro on the DVD.  After about 5 or 6 times of doing the workout it's just plain annoying.  I understand you need to hear it for the first time using the DVD, but there should be an option to go straight into the workout.  It takes up about 3-4 minutes and when your pressed for time, it makes a difference.  But all in all, good workout.  The Pros:  Only handweights required (really these are optional as well, you can get as good workout without them)  Divided workouts lets you choose duration  Good mix between cardio and strength  Good calorie burn in short amount of time  Inexpensive  Not alot of \\"chatter\\" from Jillian during the workout  The Cons:  You can't skip the intro  Music is not great
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Works flawlessly over wifi. A little slow over 3g. Great program none the less. Highly recommended and very useful. Gonna be hard to find a better remote connection for mobile devices.
B0061JPYX2|4.0|I only ordered one CD, and you sent and charged me for two.  Customer service was rude and of no help.  Amazon has changed.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I recently bought the new Kindle Fire from Amazon.com and bought the Lightweight MicroShell Folio Cover by Marware.  This is a great way to protect my Kindle.  I tend to carry my Kindle in by back pocket and once when I stood up to fast it fell out onto the concrete floor.  I was worried that my Kindle might be damaged, but nope.  It was just fine.  Great protective cover/case for the price!!!  I definitely recommend this product!!!
0316098329|5.0|First, this book is a novel.  A lot of reviewers seem to think that this book has an anchor in the truth.  Although there have been situations akin to the environmental setting of Room, this is a story and a very good one.<br /><br />Told from a 5 year old boy's perspective, I found the book immediately captivating.  The author, Emma Donoghue, weaves little clues into the dialogue that provide a glimpse into what is truly happening in this story.  I enjoyed putting the pieces together.  I was amazed at how easily she captured the essence of a five year old with very limited exposure and experience.<br /><br />It is hard for me to believe that some people hated the book.  They complain that following the mind-set of a five year old was like reading baby talk.  Not so for me, but I thoroughly enjoyed Mark Haddon's The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time.<br /><br />Yes, there are parts of the book that seem like a bit of a stretch, but I couldn't stop reading.  I was captivated and entertained.  There is little description of the three main characters.  At first, I found this odd, however the interactions and dialogue gave me as a reader the opportunity to create character portraits in my mind.<br /><br />Without giving it away, the major action of the book happens halfway through. When I hit this point, I wondered what Donoghue would do in the second half.  I wondered if it could be as compelling as the beginning.  Donoghue did not disappoint.<br /><br />I did feel the very end was a bit weak. It lacked the interaction and impact seen in the rest of the book. I felt as if the author was trying too hard to tie up the loose ends and bring the story to a conclusion.  In the end it is a coming of age story for both the boy and his Ma.<br /><br />It is a wonderful read.  Just settle in and let it envelop you.
B001FQIWSK|5.0|It's what the movie experience is supposed to be like.  When you don't really know what's going to happen, but you don't feel tricked.  When you feel a sense of magic.  When the hairs on the back of your neck are raised and you get goosebumps.  When you fall in love with a character and feel for them.  For me, this movie did all of this.
0525478817|5.0|Okay so this is the BEST BOOK I'VE EVER READ!!! I love it so much! It's been the first book that I read in less than 3 weeks. I read it in 3 days! It is also the only book that has made me cry. It takes A LOT to make me cry! I NEVER cry especially at books and movies. Some how this book touched me in a way I didn't know a book could. It was fantastic. I don't think it has a genre because it has aspects of every single genre. I love it so much! I re read it after I finished it the first time. I've never re read a book. Thank you John Green for this wonderful book. I will never forget it. The Fault in out Stars is now my favorite book. I've never had a favorite book and now when people ask I'll say \\"THE FAULT IN OUR STARS!!!\\" LOVE iT! You must read it!!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its not the best game ever, but fun. I've played better, but I have also played worse. all and all, so so
B004EQAVHI|5.0|I'm older.  I'll be completing soon.  Did I have free will?  If I did, did I use it wisely? Will my life have been worth anything? This is a devastatingly sad movie, along the lines of the great 1983 classic Testament.  If you are not moved by this film (you will be) you have no soul.  Without a soul, what worth are we?  This film is a great work of art in that it illustrates the nobility of humanity.  The moral I take from the film is that we must all love our neighbors as ourselves, no matter what government or science dictate.  We must elevate humanity.  We are not just matter and energy.  We should all be noble.
0811879542|5.0|I recently bought a book, actually a few, for a friend's four-year old daughter. When I picked up this particular book to peruse in the store, it didn't seem like anything very special to me. The birthday girl reads well above age level and I thought this would be too simple for her. Then the sales women, who could have sold me a much more expensive book, told me she had received raves reviews from parents and children. So, I gave it a shot!<br /><br />Extraordinarily creative French author/illustrator Herve Tullet's \\"Press Here\\" is an interactive book without bells and whistles. No tactile fuzzy, bumpy details here or pop-ups either - just plain smooth pages filled with a dot, or dots, and many, many dots of different colors. However, and most important, this is a book one can hand to almost any kid and it would make them smile...as I soon found out. And what's better than that?? The seven year-old big sister was even interested.<br /><br />\\"Press here!\\" Yup...that's page one! And It all starts with a yellow dot and an invitation to \\"'Press here' and turn the page.\\" Can anyone, let alone a child, resist? So, the page is turned and that simple act causes another yellow dot to appear. Press again and a third comes to life. Then things start getting crazy, but happily so! The single touch of a finger, or the suggestion to shake the book, or tap the dot(s) or tilt the page, or other similar actions, spark a whimsical dance of motion and color which is sure to trigger a child's imagination. At least it did for this child...and her sister.<br /><br />After a hectic climax, the book ends where it began - with a yellow dot and an invitation, \\"Want to do it all over again?\\" The down side here is that these children, and probably most, want adults to participate and how many times can one read, touch, tap, tilt, clap without saying, \\"enough already!!\\" No matter, the child/children are then quite happy to repeat this process over and over by themselves.<br /><br />Again, I think the book is fun, but children seem to have an even higher opinion, and when I left for home the little girl was still at it!<br /><br />The book's design is also different. It is without jacket and looks like an old-fashioned Golden Book with thick cardboard pages, and raw edges that leave gray cardboard exposed. As I wrote previously, the stock is thick which definitely helps with all the wear and tear the book will receive.<br /><br />So...put down the electronics because there is a picture book that is sure to capture the attention of any child, as I happily learned.<br /><br />From me, and a very happy child, (& her sister), this one gets 5 solid stars. Now, Press That!\\"<br />JANA<br /><br />[[ASIN:185437849X The Coloring Book]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0714860719 The Game of Finger Worms]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:1854379461 The Book with a Hole]]o have an even higher opinion, and when I left for home the little girl was still at it!  The book's design is also different. It is without jacket and looks like an old-fashioned Golden Book with thick cardboard pages, and raw edges that leave gray cardboard exposed. As I wrote previously, the stock is thick which definitely helps with all the wear and tear the book will receive.  So...put down the electronics because there is a picture book that is sure to capture the attention of any child, as I happily learned.  From me, and a very happy child, (& her sister), this one gets 5 solid stars. Now, Press That!\\"  JANA  [[ASIN:185437849X The Coloring Book]]  [[ASIN:0714860719 The Game of Finger Worms]]  [[ASIN:1854379461 The Book with a Hole]]
B005I6EU7U|5.0|So before I purchased the Prologue Case Cover from amazon, I was unsure what to expect...I had seen some similar covers at other stores in person for other e-readers but were way over priced for lower quality craftsmanship. So some of the reviews on this item spurred me into purchasing the tan case cover...and yes I am truly happy about purchasing this product. The leather and stiching quality even the embossing details/gold leaf are amazingly crafted, granted the cover was a snugg fit for kindle fire at first, but like most all leather goods it begins to wear a bit and now it fits my kindle like a glove. I also love the antique style of the cover...as it works as a great camouflage from the little ones looking for anything that's electronic with games or what-nots :)
B006WWNUFC|4.0|An episode that finally matches the Jeffersonian Forensics team that Bones operates, with an opponent of equal ability.  This episode discovers the killer but fails to take him down, so that is left for future episode, or episodes.  We see The Bones & Booth childbirth is closing in (6 weeks estimated), and the home that Booth finds for them is a massive renovation and restoration project in need of an Architect, and a major building contractor before it can be usable.  I would have liked them to drag back Zack Addey for his intellect to match wits with the new opponent, but sadly not a mention of the old character so many of us enjoyed.  The episode is well written and as always superbly executed by this amazingly talented cast.  The formula still works, the whole story line is open and filled with possibility, so it will hopefully continue on to another season after this.  I have but one criticism, and that is the loving relationship between Bones & Booth doesn't come off as well as Booths past love interests, the intimacy between a couple who have only been lovers for about a year isn't believable. When one factors in that Booth has pined away for all those prior episodes, he doesn't seem to be as elated by his newly established intimacy with the love of his life. It all feels stiff and contrived between them, and it shouldn't.  As for the freebe Finder premier episode, the basic premise is too super hero to be credible. Also these people have No Credible Means of Support.  They 'hang out' at a bar with no patrons, work for a kid who can't pay them, and drive and fly wherever they need to with money being no objection, yet no source for it.  Was there a winning lottery ticket we missed somewhere ?
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I really enjoy having the Bible app wherever I go,so that I have quick access to my notes,highlighted verses,and devotions. The only things I would change are to make any highlighted scriptures show up in all versions and to add a concordance/etymology feature.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is very very fun. it is also super super addictive. as a gamer, I enjoyed this game very much.
B005Q5OLC2|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I found the characters beautifully developed and totally real; especially Eilis and Tony.  I identify with what happens to Eilis, a young girl who is essentially assigned to the role of an immigrant without her choosing it.  My own grandmother was sent from Ireland to NY when her elder sister ran off the night before she was scheduled to leave for the boat.  My grandmother was 13 years old.  There are sweet moments throughout the book: a priest's reaction to Eilis' confession, Eilis' realization that Tony is a good guy worthy of her love, and her own declaration of love.  But none of it seems overly sentimental. Maybe this isn't the fast paced page turner that some people seem to want, but for me, I was on the edge of my seat the last few pages as I waited to see how Eilis would choose in the end: the promise of her new life in America, or the security of familiar and predictable Ireland.  One mystery left unsolved was the relationship between Father Flood and Eilis' sister Rose.  There was a hint of something deeper between them, and without resolution, Father Flood's help in establishing Eilis in NY seems odd. This was the only thing I found dissatisfying. I take way half a star because of that and give this book 4 1/2.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is great for any age player, don't listen to those nasty reviews, it sure keeps you buisy. GREAT GAME!!!!
B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|I was flying from Auckland to Perth and had the pleasure of watching this amazing film.  When it was finished, the flight still had 3 hours left.  I watched it again.  It is that good.  Yeah, I love baseball.  This is more than baseball.  Just see it, ok?
B0058VW36U|5.0|fun to play lol won't download on my kindle fire though): um bye bye bye gotta use up my words lol
B004XNGKBS|5.0|This is an excellent application that excels in its job description. I thought at $0.99 you cannot go wrong because the its value is  worth more.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like it a lot so addictive I could play all day but games are not always understandable very high price
0439023521|2.0|After reading this book, I had no interest whatsoever in reading the next two installments. Slightly curious as to how it ended up, I went to Wikipedia and read the synopses, and considered that more than enough!  The writing is clunky, and the dialogue strikes an unbelievingly flat note. Neither the prose or dialogue is particularly well-written, yet we're told after some banal comment that the crowd laughed uproariously, or oooed and awed, or was otherwise blown away. Yet it's very hard to believe this, even though the author insists on it being so.  I was fairly entertained, and the plot moved along, and it was interesting to see what happened to the characters. And the story itself is a pretty interesting idea. However, some things just didn't make any real sense. The parachutes dropping in? From where? It's an outdoor arena. The face and voices in the sky? How?  For a quick read, I guess it's worth it, however the writing style I felt was somewhat jarring. It never flowed easily, and I think probably because the style was pretty boring and plain. Definitely not in a league with other recent YA books with fantastic writing, like His Dark Materials or the Harry Potter series. I will see the movie, as I have no doubt they will vastly improve upon the book.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This Bible has great reading plans. I have learned a lot more than I would have reading it straight through which I have done once.
B005K17RU0|4.0|This app is better than the one I have on my phone.  I even put it on my sons Kindle. Better than The Weather Channel app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|gold I love this bane it J's amazing an hr bdstbj ever had on my whole life yea baby cakds
B004U52VPS|3.0|My 6- and 4-year-olds are big fans of the iVersions of Angry Birds, and I thought the RL version would be just as fun.  It's certainly chock-full of educational opportunity:  building, creativity, addition, sorting.  But the girls just lack the patience at this point to build the structures before they accidentally knock them down.  Learning to aim the birds is awkward, too.  (Aside - the birds fly identically ... if they were weighted off-center, the wobble would mimic the different abilities the Rovio birds have.)  This never lasts for more than 15 minutes before it becomes a contest to search for the blocks and pigs that have rolled underneath heavy pieces of furniture.  This SHOULD work - there's even a satisfying sound of pretend destruction when the house o' pigs comes tumbling down.  It just doesn't happen often enough, at least at this age.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Very easy to use. Thanks for making it so handy.  Very easy to use. Thanks for making it so handy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the games are fun, help pass time if you're bored. I would recommend this game to all my friends. keep up the good work
0525478817|5.0|The Fault in Our Stars is an incredibly written book that everyone should read. It's about cancer patient Hazel Grace Lancaster, who meets Augustus Waters at a cancer support group. Together, they discover a lot about themselves and each other and what life really means until something devastates the couple. Excellent read. DFTBA :)
0545123275|4.0|This book can be summed up in one word - incredible. But since this is a book review, I'll go into a little more detail.  Maggie Stiefvater does a fantastic job writing the characters. I felt like I was actually there with Sam and Grace, watching their courtship play out. You can really feel the love between them, even when Sam's a wolf. It's one of the most romantic pieces of literature that I've ever read.  This would have been a 5 star review, had there been more action. I know a lot of people would disagree with me on that, but I prefer my paranormal books with at least a little fighting.  All-in-all though, this book was a great read. I seriously can not wait to read the next one.
0525478817|5.0|Started last night... finished early this morning.  The characters will stay with me for a long time.  I'm a middle-aged mom of two and thought a lot of this book from the mom's perspective.  I just can't imagine and hope I never have to.  It was a beautiful book and took me back to being 16 and so in love you thought you would explode.  To feel that sort of love, but know that there is no future for it... John Green captured these emotions so well.
B005XQLBU4|3.0|was ok for a half hour or so.  not enough replay value and collision with buildings is odd. not a keeper for me
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I am very impressed with the Bible planning programs.  It's extremely efficient and makes reading the Bible enjoyable!  I highly recommend to the most devote to the newest Christian!
0790737345|5.0|Movie was excellent and will view many times as well as dharing with friends.  Would recommend this as a feel good movie and a real love story.
B004SUWR2C|1.0|If you have a kindle fire this game wont download! Ive gotten three gameloft games and they all don't work!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a good game i like this game it is fun an wi an an an an an an ana ia aka ana ajaa mama
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Very easy to install works with vista and xp compuworks as promised. Best app i have used!! I highly regimens this app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very fun and passes time! wasn't really shire about it at first but not a lot of apps and overall. funnn
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is so fun for all u kids this is a 10year old talking and this app is so awesome that you cant believe how long I was up till . it gets harder but I f u like a hard game this is the one for u
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun and addictive.  there are a lot of games to choose from and is hard to get them.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|it was really fun but after a while it stopped opening I deleted it a couple of days after download.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|This is a GREAT game! I was ADDICTED to it for a long time!The only reason I gave four stars was that its TOO LONG! After Poached Eggs And The Mighty Hoax I started to get bored, very bored.So I want to say it should have stopped at The Mighty Hoax. You'll see why.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I give it a b. some games are cool. some are easier then others but some are challenging, and earning points to unlock other games keeps you playing.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Sometimes the individual notebooks have trouble syncing, but this app is great! I have tried other apps but keep coming back to Evernote. I use it everyday!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This ap did bring with it some challenges that kept me interested. you have to keep playing to get more games.
B000KEG94C|5.0|Funniest and most Fun movie I've ever seen. Extraordinarily clever and witty. At no point did the movie drag and I want it to move to he next scene and that makes it a truly rare movie. It's unlike any musical you've ever seen.     I do confess to loving Jazz and Liquor and after we watched the movie I wanted to rouge my knees and roll my stockings down. However, my wife prefers them up.  Get this -- the text at end of the movies says Based on True Story .... well, That's Chicago !!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I never see before a collector box like this! its amazing! all the items, the material quality, everything is beautiful!
B0063IH60K|4.0|if you're looking for that classic solitaire game, this is it! good for at least a couple of hours of fun.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|For all those who hate this new edition, you need get a job and a girlfriend.  George Lucas created these movies and they are his to change if he wants.  The orginial movies were not how he envisioned them. The technology was not advanced to where he was satisfied, which is why he has made these changes.  The fact that he wanted these changes is reassuring because art is ever changing and evolving.  These new versions are closer to what he feels is perfection, and since he is the orginial artist and creator, his is the only opinion that actually matters.
B006YLGDQE|5.0|I am so, so addicted to this series.  Dame Maggie Smith is absolutely delicious in this role; the show soars when she's on screen. But in truth the entire cast, absolutely every one of them, is downright brilliant.  Aack, I can't wait for more!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very fun and cool.  this is an enjoyable game for everyone, kids Abe adults can play this game, plus its free so if you hate it then you didn't waste your money.
B0000CC5CS|5.0|It was in great condition and i like this group alot. I think if anything they did a great job on pricing too.
B003Y5H5AG|1.0|Wow, I haven't seen a movie this bad since Beverly Hills Chihuahua. It really doesn't have much in common with the original cartoon. Part of the magic of \\"The Smurfs\\" cartoon was their little toadstool village and the land in which they lived. The movie sets the Smurfs in the modern world (pursued by Gargamel), and a lot of charm is lost as a result. They end up at Neil Patrick Harris's house where lots of slapstick hi-jinks ensue, and everyone learns their lessons. Kids under 8 will probably find this movie entertaining, but older kids who have already seen a few movies like this might find the plot and the jokes to be tired cliches.  Fans of the old-school smurfs will notice that these new Smurfs really don't act like the old ones. And for some reason, the producers felt that the movie really needed a Scottish smurf in a kilt and sideburns.  Hence, the creation of Gutsy smurf. If you are a fan (or over the age of 8) do yourself a favor and skip this movie!
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I am a big fan of Adele and when this concert became available on DVD I couldn't wait to watch it. I was not disappointed! It was an added bonus to get the CD as well. Since she's been out of commission (surgery) and has had to cancel concert dates I figure it will be a while before I will get to see her in concert and this helped fill that void. I highly recommend this DVD and CD to any Adele fan.
B004A8ZWXS|4.0|I agree with the reviewer who said that this movie will probably be more enjoyable to people who love war movies rather than people who love horse movies. While not overly gory, the movie pulls no punches about the conditions of war. It was hard to see horses mistreated (yes, we cried), but one of the saving graces of the movie was that there were characters who loved horses and tried to help them.  What I loved about this movie was that it was not the usual Hollywood crap that is passed off as a \\"family\\" movie. There is a lot of substance here--family bonds, the bond between an animal and a human, and history. My 10-year-old (the war lover) really enjoyed it, while my 12-year-old (the horse lover) did not. However, both had a lot of questions and a lot of opinions about the situations in the movie. In my book, the good \\"family\\" movie is not necessarily one that everyone enjoys and wants to see again, but one that is rich in plot and details and will stimulate family discussion afterwards. (Note: I wouldn't take kids younger than 9 to this movie, it is too violent.)  The scenery and cinematograpy were beautiful. Benedict Cumberbatch was also beautiful, but unfortunately he didn't stick around too long.
B000AU9UYM|5.0|I am in no way a Christopher Nolan fan, nor did I have any interest in this film when it was first released. However, after several accolades from consumers such as yourselves, I have decided to view this film with an open mind. \\"Spectacular\\" is the only word that comes to mind. I bet the entire Amazon universe and the world alike knows the plot of this film so I will not reiterate it.  I received a cardboard slip case that is displayed on Amazon.com's stock photo. Inside, you will also get a nice comic book that is an interesting read for avid Batman fans and newcomers. This two-disc DVD set does not disappoint at all. The feature film is sharp, detailed, and full of flavor even though it is standard DVD quality and not the up-and-dominating Blu-Ray quality. The included special features disc is another unique view in Christopher Nolan's Batman universe and complements the feature film well.  You won't be disappointed in purchasing this set as long as you keep an open mind and see what Christopher Nolan's Batman interpretation is all about: dark, gritty, realism, and intelligent.  As I said once...an epic beginning for the caped crusader.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Easy to use and setup. Also can utilize Google to locate and connect to a remote pc if you are unsure of how to setup your computer to allow connections. Great product.
B001AW156U|5.0|Help tremidously while gaming in all games! I recommend anyone who plays play station 3 to get a pair worth having for 2 controllers.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|I've enjoyed playing this game for a few days now. Smooth action. I like the ability to &quot;purchase&quot; upgrades. Fun to work out strategy.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a great app. It is easy to use and the various trsnslations are a definite plus. The plans are wonderful and the reminders help you stay on track.  I recommend to anyone who wants to better read and learn more about the Bible and themselves.
0525478817|5.0|I can't believe the book is over!  Hazel and Augustus will live on in my memory forever. How can a mere human being(John Green) create such real, living breathing characters?  The star-crossed lovers sprang to life from the very first page of this wonderful and truly unforgettable book.<br /><br />My son once said that reading books allowed you to know what it felt like to live someone else's life, and The Fault in Our Stars gives us a chance to have terminal cancer. While this might make the book to seem like a serious downer, John Green's skill as a writer makes Stars a study in what it means to be human.<br /><br />Hazel knows she not as heroic as cancer victims are supposed to, she's just a teenager who wants to live.  She describes herself as the grenade ready to go off at any time touring the lives of all those that she loves. Gus is a boy who just wants to have mattered in the world. A boy who realizes that the cancer that could kill him is made up of himself.<br /><br />What the book teaches us is that we find what we're looking for by giving it to someone else. A profound story on so many levels. If I were a teacher of middle school to high school students, this would be required reading.  I will certainly be passing it along to all of my friends.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I use this as my main reading Bible now. I take my Kindle Fire to church and use it there. Easy to go right to passages. I also like the various daily reading plans for daily devotionals.
1451627289|5.0|Another fabulous work by Stephen King. Up until \\"Under the Dome,\\" I thought he was losing his magic. But since that one he hasn't missed, and he sure didn't miss with this book, any more than Oswald missed with his weapon on that Friday in Dallas. Paranoia is an old theme with King--in \\"The Stand,\\" it was the military and our national government. In \\"Under the Dome,\\" local government and law enforcement ran amuck. But now King has had a thought only he could even think--that a world with a living JFK could turn out worse than the screwed-up mess we live in today. Reading the book in audio form, as I did, added an entirely different dimension. The narrator, when speaking naturally, sounded for all the world like Sam Kinison. As the tale unfolded, he invented voices for the characters, and did excellent impression of famous voices who appeared in the book-Chet Huntley, David Brinkley, Walter Cronkite, and of course the man of the hour, JFK himself. What some dismiss as \\"fluff,\\" I thought really carried this story, and carried me along-the life Jake built with Sadie, Jake cooling his heels all those years waiting for that one day, then finding out it had all been a colossal bust. What a long strange trip this one was.
0547424779|5.0|Although I have not read this edition, I read this book in middle school and it genuinely changed my life as a reader, a writer and the way I live my life and view the world. I know, it's that good.
B0031YJFCQ|3.0|I have read all three of the Larsson books now.  Hornet's Nest leaves off exactly at the end of the last book.  Obviously, reading the two other books is a must before a reader can truly enjoy this one.  I thought this book was slower than the other two, by far, and it took a very long time to see where it was going.  I enjoyed the ending of the book, and the trial, but I found the rest of it a bit laborious and I kept asking myself, why do I care?  If I were Swedish, perhaps I would have a better understanding of the inner workings of the government, and what this would mean in that government setting.  Since I am not, I guess I just had trouble deciphering the depth of this conspiracy.<br /><br />I am not saying I did not enjoy the book, because I did.  I think the books are best in descending order, with Dragon Tattoo being far and away the best.  Hornet's Nest is a good read, but not the incredible read that Dragon Tattoo was.  Hope you enjoy, I did, but it is time to move on to something better!
0375703764|4.0|I burned through this in 2 days; I couldn't put it down, yet I was feeling more than a little tweaked as I, too, descended that spiral staircase into the abyss. At times, I was also reminded of that great 80's movie, Poltergeist, with the closet that was a portal into hell (I guess) and of course, the house collapsing in on itself at the end of the movie. OK... I digress...<br /><br />I've read numerous scary books over the years but this one affected me in a way that's hard to explain. Besides a writing style that while oftentimes was more than a little challenging to follow (at one point, my husband asked if I knew the book was upside down),the story keenly tapped right into the idea of death and dying and how as individuals we become acutely aware (as traumatic events have a habit of showcasing) that life should be more about the journey rather than the destination and that \\"we are only as sick as our secrets\\". I've had my own strange and recurring dreams of long, dark, corridors and hallways that don't seem to end and incredibly huge staircases that take forever to traverse but don't seem to go anywhere in particular.  UGH! Either way, this book offers many glimpses into the depths of the human ego and psyche and how frail it can be when confronted with fear of the unknown (or maybe in this case)the known.
B00000J7SS|5.0|I first was introduced to jazz by my best friend back around the time this album came out.  I think the first album I heard was Live Evil and then heard this one shortly thereafter.  (he also got me interested in Mahler but that is another subject)<br /><br />This album was one of the first in the new jazz genre known as fusion.  I wasn't familiar with jazz at all so I had no context as to what I was listening to but I liked it.  A lot.<br /><br />After listening to this a lot in the 70s I didn't listen to music much for many years and then listened to classical for quite a while.<br /><br />But in the last couple years I returned to jazz and began building up a cd collection.  I didn't get this one or Live Evil for a long time because I had listened to them so much in the past.  After having been away from jazz for so long I was like a kid in a candy store with all this great music in the last several decades and now available in a digital format that you can load on your computer and listen to on the go.  For people who are not very familiar with jazz I would recommend in the more mainstream venue: McCoy Tyner, Keith Jarrett, Michael Brecker, Steps Ahead, John Coltrane, Joe Henderson, Bobby Hutcherson, Miles Davis, Joey DeFrancesco.  As to fusion jazz I would recommend: John McLaughlin, Steps Ahead, Weather Report, Miles Davis.  For big band I would recommend: Gil Evans, Maria Schneider. (I used to have some Duke Ellington and Stan Kenton in the vinyl era that I liked but haven't delved back into those yet)<br /><br />OK, anyway, now that I have gotten familiar with a lot of jazz, both mainstream and fusion, where does Bitches Brew fit in?<br /><br />In my opinion it is one of the masterpieces in the fusion genre.  In terms of composition, the music has the sophistication of the best jazz works for a large group (the best practitioner of which in my view is Gil Evans). It occurred to me, hey maybe Gil Evans was involved in this album. (he was the arranger on someprevious Miles Davis works and Evans has done a lot of fusion.)  But no, judging from the liner notes it appears he wasn't involved.  Anyway, the composition in these songs is very sophisticated and beautiful.<br /><br />Davis' use of of multiple pianos, often playing very different melodies but ones that interact in an intriguing way, contributes greatly to this incredible orchestration.  There are beautiful melodies from the pianos (Joe Zawinul, Chick Corea and Larry Young), and the reed instruments (Wayne Shorter and Bennie Maupin).  There is also fine fusion guitar from my favorite jazz guitarist, John McLaughlin.<br /><br />The work of some of the players on this album is I believe the best of their careers, or at least equal to anything else they did.<br /><br />For those who love jazz including the electric fusion version of which this album was one of the pioneering works, this is one of the absolutely essential recordings to have in your collection.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is a great game app for kids as well as adults! Can sometimes be challenging yet enjoyable. world great on the kindle fire!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game. its so fun and very challenging. I love it(: all the games are very fun. some harder then others. but over all very fun!
B0063GORYU|5.0|A bit confusing at first, but after a few games I got the hang of it. Challenging and totally distracting!(
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a nice game with a lot of different game choices. its a good game to pass the time and have fun
B00650SSWG|1.0|I cannot believe Justin Timberlake has not given up acting! This movie is dull and you will get bored immediately!
0439023521|5.0|I could barely put it down!  Refreshing, delicious!  Suzanne Collins writes effortlessly and brings the reader intimately close to the thoughts of the Katniss... a pretty scary place at times!  I definitely recommend this book series.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome.  keeps. the kids occupied for hours.  totally recommend to people. with. kids.  we play it all the time.  the four year old loves. it.
B006GG1KOC|1.0|stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid.  this game is really stupid I was so bored because I was stupid it was stupid
B0058VW36U|5.0|realy good game I cant wait for more levels!!!! plus it dosent have any adds! its more fun than angry birds
B0063IH60K|4.0|It's a pretty good app. I pass through time playing it. I just feel that there could be more to it.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|This game is not exciting me at all. I love air hockey.but I hate that version of it. The games are over rated.
B005K2XM94|5.0|I wanted a sleeve cause I wanted the naked feel of my Kindle fire. Works very well. Love the red, black, and grey color I got.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Highly recommend this app.  Does everything I wanted and more.  Good, clear graphics and extremely easy to use.  Hourly and 15 day forecasts plus satellite.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Not too many ads.  Play it on a tablet. Never seems to be buggy. Plus, it was a  free app!
B000VEQISS|3.0|The image is not acording with the book that they sent. I'm not happy because it was a gift for my wife for Santa Claus. (Our 2 month old daughther's name is Rebecca).<br /><br />Thanks
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is the best game it has a bunch of games in one. I love that it is free.
B001TH7GT6|5.0|These cables are unbelievable for the price.  Thick, heavy gauge, and clearly top quality.  Monster would easily charge 5x as much.  As far as component cables go, there's no point to even continue looking unless you need some sort of extra-long length.
B005HSG3VK|4.0|This Marware case is sturdy and fits perfectly. I like the pink color. The groove to stand the Kindle Fire is not as secure as I would like, sometimes lets go when Kindle is free standing.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|had a lot fun playing all 116 games you should get this game because of the all of the hours of fun
B001DJLCRC|4.0|Near the end of the first season of Vince Gilligan's AMC drama \\"Breaking Bad\\", Walter White (played by the underrated Bryan Cranston) is offered a Cuban cigar. Despite suffering from life-threatening lung cancer, he takes the opportunity to enjoy the taste of this \\"imported\\" item. This leads directly into a conversation with Hank, his brother-in-law and a DEA agent, about the validity of illegal drugs. Walter uses prohibition as his example, observing that one day there were people on the streets breaking barrels open into the gutters, the next day; it became a staple to this country. Hank fires back that harder drugs (like cocaine or meth) could be a greater detriment to society than liquor [or even Walt's supposed addiction to pot]. In this short three minute scene, the entire thesis statement for \\"Breaking Bad\\" is questioned. Is smoking an illegal Cuban cigar any different than becoming a meth chemist? \\"Breaking Bad\\" takes this grey line and pushes the envelope further. Walter White is not a bad guy. He isn't a dead-beat dad fighting bills and a troubling home life, but instead merely a scientific man who has been handed a difficult question. How do you make sure that you can provide for your family even after you have died?<br /><br />The answer in \\"Breaking Bad\\" is to cook meth, to break the law for the sake of the common good - to break the law because you want to protect your family. Despite the common architecture of this story found in several films and television series, \\"Breaking Bad\\" feels unique and compelling due to organic-real acting and Gilligan's detailed writing. Discounting the wobbly feeling of the first episode, \\"Breaking Bad\\" picks up pace with its second episode entitled Cats In the Bag... in which Walter and his meth-counterpart Jesse must decide what to do with two bodies in their RV, one living and one dead. Imagining that this was merely going to be a gritty series chronicling the unexpected rise of meth developers, my mindset quickly changed when Gilligan slowed down, and introduced us calmly to his lead, Walter White. Dressed in beige and driving a white Pontiac Aztek; Walter resembles the man next door, with a simple wife and a son who suffers from cerebral palsy, his life is not riddled with chaos numbers or symbolic ducks in the pool, his only crime is being a statistic in middle class America. With flashbacks of his prior life before becoming a teacher, a small glimpse into the future he could have had (with Grey Matter), and the horrors of modern medicine ($5000 merely for the initial consultation), Gilligan doesn't make \\"Breaking Bad\\" into a story about the drugs. It is a story about Walter, and about choice. It is about the choice to fight cancer, the choice to let Crazy 8 go, it is about rediscovering one's self amongst the rubble. While Gilligan paints Walt's family well, at this point in the season they are merely there for dramatic effect. It is Walt that we are following, it is his cough that we feel each episode, and it is his humble nature that we applaud when the credits roll.<br /><br />\\"Breaking Bad\\" understood its limitations in its initial season. This isn't a series about immediate gratification, but instead about the long story. It isn't a television series that tries to make you \\"gasp\\" around each turn. This is a character development story. While each episode contained elements that were compelling to the story, it is Walt's transformation/personality that pulls you back to another episode. How? See: Cranston's ability to make Walter White more than just a money hungry drug maker, but a family man struggling to keep it together. One of my favorite episodes came early, when Walt had a diabolical run in with a man merely known as KEN WINS (located in episode Cancer Man). This demonstrated to me (better than the long dialog between Cranston and Crazy 8) what Walter White was capable of, and what I should expect in the episodes/seasons to come.<br /><br />Finally, \\"Breaking Bad\\"has a message. It has something to say about healthcare in our society, it has something to say about casual drugs in America, and it has something to say about family values. I began this review with a detailed scene between Hank and Walt (whose words still haunt me), but an even stronger analogy of the \\"Breaking Bad\\" core message can be seen in the episode A No-Rough-Stuff-Type Deal in which another equally bad crime questions the value of family. This is the type of writing that is missed in modern television, \\"The Sopranos\\" tried it but it became too muddied nearer to the end, and \\"Deadwood\\" became too visually heavy. \\"Breaking Bad\\" takes those lacking elements and chemically creates a stronger series. It takes modern working-man concerns, and allows Walter White to do what he does best - survive. With the tilt of his black hat in the junkyard, he best represents what many of us face daily - fear.ng to say about healthcare in our society, it has something to say about casual drugs in America, and it has something to say about family values. I began this review with a detailed scene between Hank and Walt (whose words still haunt me), but an even stronger analogy of the \\"Breaking Bad\\" core message can be seen in the episode A No-Rough-Stuff-Type Deal in which another equally bad crime questions the value of family. This is the type of writing that is missed in modern television, \\"The Sopranos\\" tried it but it became too muddied nearer to the end, and \\"Deadwood\\" became too visually heavy. \\"Breaking Bad\\" takes those lacking elements and chemically creates a stronger series. It takes modern working-man concerns, and allows Walter White to do what he does best - survive. With the tilt of his black hat in the junkyard, he best represents what many of us face daily - fear.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its a really great app to have if you are bored at school or somewhere else. most might not like this app but i really do :p
B000JQUGVI|4.0|Vanity Fair is a classic well-worth the read, though it is can seem overly-detailed in spots. It is about the journey of some early 19th century English people of different social strata seeking after higher status.  It clearly references John Bunyan's `Pilgrim's Progress' which describes a fictional place where people lust after the vain and meaningless things in life. `Pilgrim's Progress', in turn, obviously draws on the book of Ecclesiastes which describes life itself and its pursuits (without God) as ultimately meaningless or vain: `Vanity of vanities' says the Preacher. `All is vanity!\\" in short, it is about seeking after things that will not last, in pursuit of inflated self-worth which is also passing.  Becky Sharpe is the lead character in this drama. She is a charming, but irritating girl from humble beginnings who ruthlessly works her way up in society and has her ups-and-downs in the process.  She reminded me of Scarlett O'Hara from `Gone with the Wind'.  If you recall, the beautiful Vivian Leigh was in almost every scene, making the viewer despise or admire her depending on what she was up to. Becky did likewise.  Both Becky and Scarlett were Dicksonian, a bit overdone but fun to follow.  The story makes us ask a lot of very vain questions. How does she manage to finagle her way with such success? What does that society think is important? Who sets the standards?  It also asks questions through the characters. Who were you seen with last week? Did you see such-and-so in the paper, and who was at such-and-so party? Look at the medals on that dignitary!  How many titles does he have, and who is he talking to? What did you think of the menu for that get-together - was it up to standard? How do I rank compared to others in my class? How much money is he or she worth? What do I have to do to reach the next level?  It is what occupied and preoccupied the characters, what they thought about when they got up in the morning, and when they went to sleep at night.And that's what the story is about. It has a lot of twists and turns and keeps your interest - though it does make you slog through more than you might be used to.  I recommend you read it but be patient!
B004T5R2HQ|4.0|This app scans documents perfectly (and comes with many customization options to make even the most picky person happy) and it let's you back them up for later usage.  The only drawback are the limitations imposed by the Free Version of the app; the paid version is worth every single penny! Highly recommended!
B0057MFA42|1.0|Don't let the Director/Producer/Manufacturer reviews fool you into thinking that the BD doesn't have sound syncing issues.  This isn't a simple customer correctible firmware fix and more than likely your equipment is NOT at fault.  You can prove it for yourself by simply putting on two or three familiar concert BD and comparing the results.  If your other concerts don't have syncing issues, ...guess what?<br /><br />I have literally hundreds of video concerts on DVD and BD.  None of my other BD concerts display synch problems.  Why should this one?<br /><br />The manufacturer says update your firmware, check the settings and empty the cache.<br /><br />Folks, this isn't a cache problem, it's a CASH problem, and those who already have yours aren't likely to part with any of it in order to recall discs with an authoring problem.  So, it's YOUR fault and will continue to be YOUR fault because after you've paid for the product it's easier for the Director/Producer/Manufacturer to blame \\"faulty\\" customers than to step-up and fix the problem.<br /><br />My suggestion: if you want to see this concert without the syncing issues (and it is a good concert which makes this all the more frustrating), you're probably better off buying the DVD, ...and be sure to get the word out on this BD.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|Came at scheduled time, brand new, unopened. Got it for a Christmas gift for my twin nieces who werent born when it first came out. They love this movie.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This is a great game. I love this game. I find myself playing it several times a day!!!! A definite recommend.
B0002IU988|5.0|This band is awesome. Creed is good but Alter Bridge totally rocks. The vocals and musicians of this band are the best.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|This game is fantastic not too hard but not too easy either. Good for a 5 minute break or a 2 hour marathon which ever u choose. Worth 99 cents.
B000VKJ6VS|5.0|Great music CD. The 2nd music CD by Alter Bridge is amazing. Music and vocal quality is unbelievable. These are great vocalist and muscians. This band totally rocks!!
B003Y5H5FQ|2.0|The story itself was ok, but the technical quality of the 3D production drove me nuts!  A lot of ghosting and parallax .  The day scenes were alright but most of the movie are night scenes which is to be expected, and this is where the problem lies.  Many scenes with white outlines around actors, double shadows etc.  If you want to enjoy this movie it must be watched in 2D.  Save your money on this one.  I have seen old style anaglyph look better.
1423140591|5.0|It was a really well-written book. I would recommend it to anyone who likes this type of genre. Buy it. You won't regret it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome if I were you I would get it you can play all sorts of games it is so cool
B00127RAJY|5.0|I just had my beautiful baby girl six months ago, and during my pregnancy I gained about 50 pounds.  I decided that for my New Year's resolution I would get the baby weight off, and saw that this DVD was on sale for about 8 bucks, so I couldn't pass it up.  And boy am I glad I didn't!  Before I had my daughter I was a runner, and was very heavy into exercise and so level 1 was pretty simple for me, even after being out of shape for so long.  I was sore for about three days (and I mean SORE) then my body got accustomed to the exercising.  I am about to move on to level 3 today and I am excited!  Just a warning, especially if this is your first foray into exercise in a while, this will kill your knees if you're not careful.  There is a lot of jump training.  I actually hurt my right knee pretty bad doing jumping jacks (lame I know) and had to modify the moves for a week.  But, you can still get an amazing workout even if you have to modify the exercises some, and that's what makes this so awesome.  Combined with eating right, this DVD has helped me lose 15 pounds in three weeks, and I already feel a HUGE difference in my endurance and strength level all around.  I never used to look forward to working out and now I do.  BUY THIS.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|i had my doubts about this app but i am very pleased with it. it's very easy to use. the video playback is a good quality also.
B005UBNKZG|5.0|works very well with my Asus Sabertooth 990FX, even thought in the first install the motherbord did not recognize the CPU, but updating the BIOS solve the problem.  I owned the Phenom X6 1090T, and diference is not big, but the FX 8120 overclock much better than my 1090T.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I really like this app. It is easy to use and shows a lot of information. I like that it shows the weather for the week. Being from a small town it helps me to plan travel days for shopping trips.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good game to play if you are bored on the go not that hard and very fun if bored you need to get
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game. works great on fire. good touch response. variety of games. highly recommend. great way to pass time. get this app
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like all the game features some are hard but they are awesome I enjoy playing it in my free time.
B004B32500|3.0|Personally, I was disappointed by Santa Sangre, mostly because it wasn't weird enough for me. It's still far more interesting than most films, but in comparison to El Topo or Holy Mountain, it's pretty tame. Those who would like to see a Jodorowsky film with a more linear plot may enjoy this more than his other psychedelic films. It's good, to be sure. Just not barking mad like Holy Mountain.
B006ZBRMOU|3.0|I'm not sure what all the hype is about regarding this book as being \\"mommy porn\\"!  There's so much more out there that's much better if that's what you're looking for and there's stuff out there that is much more believable than this. The writer does need a good editor and really we could all do without all the kitschy \\"inner goddess\\" dialogue.    But I read over 300 books a year, so I can skip over the stuff that's annoying to most people if the story is one I can get into.  For me this story wasn't about the kink, It was about Christian and his struggle to become what he truly needed to be to be happy.  Yes, we have to give Ana some of the credit, but her character was so poorly written with all the kitschy stuff that it detracted from the underlying story of her helping him come out of the darkness of his life and into something truly loving and healthy. This was a better read when you focused on this severely emotionally and physically abused man who had made an success of his life in spite of everything that could have turned him into the complete opposite of what he turned out to be.    I will more than likely reread this series again.  It made me smile, laugh out loud, cry big crocodile tears and even say ahhhhhh! But the so called *kinky F***ery\\" isn't really all that kinky and definitely isn't portrayed with a great deal of  accuracy.
B004NJ0JKK|4.0|Hey! I ordered this great book a while ago. Despite that I ordered used book, it is in a good shape, soft cover (which is not damaged), and all the pages are in!!! :) So the only thing I noticed is that all over the book every page is a little bit yellow (you know, I was used to have white pages in the books), like the newspapers becomes yellow after some time. But it's not disturbing for me. To sum up - this is a really good book in almost excellent shape (I wrote \\"almost\\" because of the yellow pages)!  Thank you, Nathan!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun app hours of fun. kept me busy during down time,cant wait to see what's in store down the road.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|it was the best thing ever when I have school my mon doesn't wake me up but this thing does.
B0056BMK6K|3.0|Writers write for different reasons but John Locke has one purpose, getting paid. Like a mental patient who's off his meds, Locke rants but somehow finds a way to cash in on his hungry fish. I don't want to make my millions this way but you do you brother.<br />[[ASIN:1615398503 Thank God for the Shelter - Memoirs of a homeless healer]]
B000JJSRNY|5.0|An excellent performance by all three performers. Domingo at his charming best. Age has not diminished the voice. It was my first introduction to Anna Netrebko and I was most impressed. I would place her at the top. I have not heard a singer with the range she produces. Villazon, whilst in my opinion not quite to Domingo's standard runs a close second.The programme was well chosen. The audience loved it, as did I. The three performers also loved doing it, which was great to see. Amazon showed me this product or I would not have known of its existance. I am VERY pleased I now have it in my collection.
1451627289|5.0|[[ASIN:1451627289 11/22/63: A Novel]]  When I heard this book was coming out, I was quite excited, considering who the author was, and my fascination, like many people, with JFK.  I also prepared myself to be disappointed. How could anyone write such a book and make it satisfying?  I never should have doubted Steven King. His writing always takes the new subject matter of each book, and connects his fans with just enough  nuance through his locations, and the inclusion of remembered characters to make you feel you are in familiar territoy. he blended his old, new, fictional, and factual characters together had me connecting the names to their real, and fictional histories. Much like you do when conversing about friends and aquaitnances you haven't heard from in a while. ( Oh, yea, John? I remember him! He's the one with the crazy wife, right?)   Unlike many books which seem to drag toward a final climax, making you want to skip pages, and get to the event already, you want to engross yourself in every happening. Also often stories reach the epic moment, then leave you with the feeling you need some closure with your characters, not with this one. You get dessert.  I'm a voracious reader, and have been disappointed with many books lately, but this one was worth every dime. Thank you Mr. King.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game will keep you busy there are tons of games for you to choose from I'm sure you will love this game.
B0010SEN18|2.0|Overall, I was disappointed with this book.  I loved Scott Kelby's books, and since he recommended it, I thought I should read it as a follow up to his series. I stopped reading half way through since it was at that point that I realized that this book was nothing but a brag sheet about McNally's career and all the famous personalties he met along the way.  Yes, the photos contained within the book are great, but there is nothing really wothwhile to the budding photographer except perhaps, \\"Look what you can do if you keep at it and have the luck of becoming a pro photographer.\\"  I am new to digital photography and I'm soaking up as much beginner info as I can,  but this book is simply a coffee table book or a bathroom reader! There is little to no information regarding composition, EXIF data, or hints and tips to improve your shots.  Mr. Kelby, if I were you, I would consider removing your recommendation of this book from your series.
B005HSL626|4.0|It's fun, not much else to say. Not incredible, but a nice game to waste some time with. I liked the Puss in Boots version better.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I have really enjoyed my Kindle Fire  Case. Hardly put it down  Easy to carry and have handy when I need it.  Would be really nice to have along when waiting for appointments  and transportation. I am glad I could purchase it from Amazon.  Thanks for making this wonderful  Kindle Fire case. Love the color and  it is a very well built case.  .
B005IGVYUG|5.0|Excellent! If you are a Tom Waits fan then this is the collection for you. Deluxe Edition as promised. The seller sent my order timely and I would order again. Purchased as a Christmas gift for a fan and he was thrilled to recieve this. Happy, Happy.
B004BCNVOA|2.0|I understand the need to be \\"raw\\" and all that but there is some good stuff here but with the cuss words -- I really can't play it in the house with my 3,5 , 7 year old .. Just not being responsible. Is there a version that is not explicit??? I mean, I love for my kids to hear the thoughts behind the song \\"Perfect\\" but why throw in the F word????? - there are thousand of Teens who don't need to hear that - as well as older farts like me---- 5 star for the songs but minus 3 because the need to throw the f bomb around when you know young kids are listening to this stuff
B005URRCUY|5.0|I am one of the few dinosaurs left in the music buying world. Purchased 2 copies as Christmas gifts. Both recipients were happy with their gifts. Black Keys are awesome, Excellent Album. Nothing quite like holding a CD in your hand(also vinyl is nice too). Love to read the jacket while listening to the whole CD all the way through, the way is was laid done. Great Seller, would do business with them again.
B0001I561E|5.0|I was very pleased with the product. Got here within a speedy time and was well worth the purchase. Thank you!
B005K17RU0|5.0|love this app. it works perfect on my kindle fire. never had any problems with it I would rrccomend it to anyone
0800141849|2.0|She had me at \\"9 is divisible by 3\\".... and those cuff links, great insight into the mysterious prime concept, what happens after a million???? GENIUS SCRIPT! Took a class at Columbia years ago, no teach dressed up like Heidi Fleiss that I recall, \\"yes, I have breasts\\" and (I really want to show them after class!) ROFL  Hope hubby had lotsa lube in that bathroom he was always running to... what a lame premise.  I so luv Babs, I winch at these productions. I am no director so can't discuss the flawless lighting and complex character development.  Perhaps the redeeming qualities are too elevated for my dim mortal eyes.  However, I do tend to expect connecting plot threads: beauty causes problems, become more beautiful to eliminate problems??, or sexual intimacy weans early, so why bother to develop a more fullfilling relationship??, and well, many other issues of note.  I will give credit to two impressive lines of dialogue: Lauren and her observation that she feels soooo young and full of hope but not much time left and dealing with that hard realization, and Mimi with her sizing up a room and the dejection she felt when she no longer shined as numero uno. Great cheek implants, you look fab Babs!! no worries darlin....
B0063GORYU|4.0|Love playing spider solitaire and this program makes it easy and enjoyable.  Would recommend this to anyone who loves playing any kind of solitaire.
B003Y5H5F6|5.0|Underworld: Awakening is my favorite of the four movies in the series thus far. The CGI looks great and there is more action than the all the other films combined. If you want blood filled action, you'll pretty much get it from start to finish. The story is okay, with a couple of twists that caught me by surprise, and the acting is good for this type of film. The beyond gorgeous Kate Beckinsale stills rocks the role of Selene. I really hope she comes back for a fifth installment.<br /><br />The IMAX 3-D was not really worth the upgrade, but I had no choice at my theater. The sound was great, even making the seats shake, but at least the 3-D wasn't a blurry mess that took away from the movie.<br /><br />Now my 5 star rating is in context with the Underworld series, not comparable say to my 5 star review of The Dark Knight. If you like the series I don't see any reason you wouldn't love this one.
0312641893|5.0|I LOVE LOVE LOVED this book! It was very good, Cinder is a strong main character and I love her personality. This book was great, but at moments kinda predictable. Overall, it was very well written and I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
B00650SSWG|4.0|Purchased this as a digital download for 99 cents, figured what did I have to lose at that price and I'm a fan of Milla Kunis. Not being a Romantic Comedy person I was happily suprized by the good story line and a great ending. To quote an old cliche \\" try it you'll like it\\".
0547258305|3.0|I read this a while ago, and I enjoyed it. And I even liked the ending (since I know that lots of people didn't).<br />It's about Katsa, who has a Grace (which is a special gift that only some people have). And it's set in an older time, with kings and kingdoms and riding on horses and all that. And Katsa's gift is killing (only not really, but I won't spoil that), and she meets Po, who also has a Grace. And then something bad goes down with her uncle, and she has to do some stuff, a lot of which involves Po and Katsa getting closer, and then also with a little girl, who's pretty awesome.<br />I liked Katsa. She was definitely not a weak heroine, not only because she knows how to fight and live on her own, but also because she knows how take care of herself emotionally. (And, [spoiler,] with not too much trouble, she lets Po in.) And, despite what most people think, (and, as I said above), I actually liked the ending. [SPOILER of the ending!] Most people seemed to take her going off on her own as her being heartless and that she wasn't going to stay with him and all that, and they didn't like it. I don't think that's what she meant. It's just that she doesn't want to marry, and I don't see why that's a big deal (but that might just be me, because of my personal thoughts on marriage). And just because they weren't going to get married doesn't mean that they aren't going to stay together. I believe she says that they are going their own ways for a bit, since they have some things to take care of (which is understandable, and not a bad thing for them to do on their own), but that they were going to be meeting up with each other later. And not only did that seem fitting, but I also liked it. [End Spoiler!]<br />And I liked Po. He's sweet, and I like him with Katsa. And I loved Raffin, and wish we got to see more of him. Bitterblue, also, was sweet and very smart for a little girl.<br />The adventure and the writing in the book I also liked, and it kept me interested. Even with this book's length, it wasn't hard to get through. (Although I do see why some people would find it hard to get through, because of how long it is. I, however, didn't have this problem.) And the romance, and relationship building, between Katsa and Po is very nice (and there's also some sex, once, but it's not explicit or anything).<br />So, this was pretty good. And I haven't read the next one yet (Fire), but I will, at some point.k's length, it wasn't hard to get through. (Although I do see why some people would find it hard to get through, because of how long it is. I, however, didn't have this problem.) And the romance, and relationship building, between Katsa and Po is very nice (and there's also some sex, once, but it's not explicit or anything).  So, this was pretty good. And I haven't read the next one yet (Fire), but I will, at some point.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|It doesn't get any better than this free Bible app.  The convenience of having multiple versions and study tools wy tout finger tips is priceless.
0385341008|3.0|Well, this book started off as a dud but then got quite better.  I admit its not to my usual taste, but it has a certain charm.  Although I will say this book is probably not for everyone, it nearly wasn't for me.<br /><br />Juliet is a writer, most known for her work during World War II.  By happenstance, she receives a letter from a man living in Guernsey, one of the islands that was occupied during the war.  From this she learns of a book club society that secretly operated under the Occupation.  She grows to love the different people of the society and aims to write a book about them.  So she goes to stay for awhile on the island and meets them in person.  She is especially taken with Elizabeth's daughter, who has been raised by the society after Elizabeth was taken away to a war camp and never heard from again.  Juliet longs to stay in Guernsey, but just isn't sure where her life is leading her.<br /><br />Juliet is a good character.  She is real and expresses quite a bit of herself.  She isn't afraid to admit when she is wrong and she takes delight in just about everything.  She's the type of woman who I would hope to be compared with.  I do like Dawsey as well, he is a solid guy, although quiet, and he remains a focus throughout the book, especially since he is the one to make first contact with Juliet.  By comparison, her boyfriend was absolutely horrendous and controlling.  I did not care for him at all.  But really the standout character in this novel is Isola.  She is so odd and delightful that you can't help but like her.<br /><br />I do have to say that the way this book was written was not to my taste at all.  It is a series of letters and telegrams from Juliet to other people, other people to Juliet, and other people to other people.  I just don't like the letter style, I'd rather read regular writing if it can be called such a thing.  I just feel that too much is missed when you're looking at what the characters are putting down in a letter and indeed, some of the letters appear to be missing and I found myself wondering what was in them.  The letters at least get longer towards the end of the book and I do think that is why I liked the second half better than the first.  You got to know the characters better in the second half as well.  And the subject matter was interesting.  Probably because it was based on a true place and people that could have existed.<br /><br />I can't say I'd recommend this book to anyone.  But if you think it sounds interesting then give it a go.  It does have its moments.<br /><br />The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society<br />Copyright 2008<br />278 pages<br /><br />Review by M. Reynard 2012to be missing and I found myself wondering what was in them.  The letters at least get longer towards the end of the book and I do think that is why I liked the second half better than the first.  You got to know the characters better in the second half as well.  And the subject matter was interesting.  Probably because it was based on a true place and people that could have existed.  I can't say I'd recommend this book to anyone.  But if you think it sounds interesting then give it a go.  It does have its moments.  The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society  Copyright 2008  278 pages  Review by M. Reynard 2012
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|it was awesome if you need a break from reading have some fun graphics are good and. also controles (the screen)
1860498825|5.0|If this book costed $50000.00, I would still have to add it to my bookshelf.I dont think I`ve ever been as interested,on edge,exited,or addicted to any other book! Sarah Waters really outdid herself with this one. I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS STORY! I sincerely hope to see more lesbian romance from Sara Waters. If you are considering purchasing Fingersmith, DO IT!! you will be glad you did.
B005OLF6BI|5.0|First off, I recently saw this concert live in Houston around November and it was simply an amazing experience.  After seeing it live, I knew I had to obtain a copy of the concert so I could relive it whenever I desired.<br /><br />I will address the video quality first since the blu ray version of this video has received some scathing reviews from not only Amazon but [...]  I was too scared to waste upwards of $25 on a subpar product so I decided to give the DVD version a try since it was only $15 on Amazon when I purchased it.  After just finishing watching it, I can say without a doubt that there is absolutely nothing to worry about when it comes to the video quality.  For a DVD, the picture is absolutely wonderful at times although not completely consistent.  For 90% of the concert, the picture is sharp with vivid colors, deep blacks, and no signs of graininess.  The rest of the 10% is a hit and miss as there are certain scenes that could definitely be better.  I think some of the reason for the complaints is the fact that this whole concert was shot in a very blair witch/cloverfield style meaning it seems like it's been shot by a member of the audience.  This is NOT a bad thing though!  The camera is never shaky and Taylor is almost always front and center.  I personally think it actually adds to the experience because it completely brought me back to my time at the concert.  I felt like I was in the audience again.  There was one review on bluray.com where the reviewer actually compared the DVD and the blu ray side by side and he mentioned that it was actually difficult to distinguish the difference for most of the concert.  So long story short, just buy the DVD version and save yourself some cash.<br /><br />Now onto the concert itself.  Taylor is truly one of the best entertainers out there and it really shows in this concert.  Not only did she give an outstanding musical performance but she also co-designed the set, the wardrobe, and the lighting.  How manyartists can say that?<br /><br />Every single one of her songs was performed beautifully but some of my favorites are \\"fearless,\\" \\"drops of jupiter,\\" and \\"sparks fly.\\"  Her rendition of \\"drops of jupiter\\" actually gave me an eargasm.  I think she actually did a far superior job than Train after recently watching one of Train's concerts on HDNET.  Some of her critics have commented that she isn't a good live singer, especially after her performance with Stevie Nicks but Taylor truly showed why they were all just being mean.  She sang beautifully in all of her songs and her sold out stadiums of fans will certainly agree.<br /><br />Overall, if you are a Taylor Swift fan, I highly recommend that you check out this concert.  This really is Taylor at her artistic best.  The way she communicates with her fans through her songs is magical.  The lighting, the set design, the choreography, and most of all Taylor, all left me wonderstruck!
B0055SWM08|5.0|Never thought of an elegant like this, its slow pace makes leisure time a real thing.   Music is wonderful ande relaxing,  window l, drops of rain and view of landscape, what a great idea to make a game like this.
B0058P4QY8|5.0|First things first, for Kindle owners, there is an active Table of Contents!!<br /><br />This book has all of the Sherlock Holmes stories that were printed in \\"The Strand\\" complete with the original illustrations. I cannot empathize how much the illustrations add to the stories. I grew up with a copy of The Complete Works of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle with the original illustrations and when I purchased a free version without the illustrations (and also without an active content table of contents) I just couldn't continue reading it (nostalgia for the original hard copy with illustrations I suppose)<br /><br />This is NOT however the complete  listing of all of the Sherlock Holmes stories, the following listed below were not printed in The Strand and therefore and not included in this book,<br /><br />His Last Bow<br />The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes<br />A Study in Scarlet<br />The Sign of the Four<br />The Valley of Fear<br /><br />(I used to own these too and they are worth looking for!)
B005GVF95O|5.0|I think this little app is really cute (graphics are adorable) and is perfect for my younger nieces and nephews or when my baby is old enough. It works great on my Kindle Fire.
B005HJWWW8|5.0|I am a old school bass player in some good rock bands, now thats a memory. However I still rock. I listen to music on my laptop.<br />I  Bought, after much comparison, BEATS Headphones.....I needed some boost from the laptop sound driver to get the full effect of the music, loud, as it should be, and enjoy the excellent BEATS Headphones. I purchased the FIIO E6 Headphone amp, again, after reviews, research, and comparision. They are excellent, surpurb. No distortion, as long as you have quality equipment like your music source and head phones. Excellent investment, could NOT get anything better for the price. Simple to work and connect and I was rocking out in about 15 minutes. I loved them, and my BEATS headphones.<br />However my eardrums, will soon be shattered,and NOT all over Manhattan! GET this product if you want L O U D excellent music boost assistance for not only laptops, for most any thing you listen to music on. Do not look any further!
B004FOA84A|5.0|I really enjoyed this little game. It was short but worth the small cost. I really like these kinds of games and this one was very well done. Twice I was stumped and had to really look around and think about things before I figured it out. I would buy more games from this developer. It worked great on my Kindle Fire.
B00008BXJJ|5.0|I am a big AC/DC fan but I held off a long time to buy this CD because let's face it, live CDs are hit or miss from a recording standpoint. I'm not sure which remasterd version I bought, but the sound is top notch in my opinion. Sure the gaps in the live recordings are a bit annoying but the energy is definitely there in the performance.  This version of Jailbreak is my favorite. Angus' solos are solid and tight. Brian's voice is at it's best on most tracks.  Granted these were recorded almost 20 years ago now but I've heard some recent recordings where his voice is lacking. This definitely will get play in my rotation of live albums. Worth the price. Especially since I picked it up for under 8 bucks new!
B0016K40KY|5.0|Years after watching it the first time, I bought and watched Lawrence of Arabia again.<br /><br />The movie itself has been described in great detail many times in other reviews. I will just say that as old as it is, it's still as impressive as ever. If you enjoy the history of the Middle East, I doubt that you can beat it. Lawrence was an unusual fellow, to say the least. I was too young to understand any of it the first time I saw it. Parts are brutally realistic, but that's the way it was.<br /><br />I'm not sure why they designed the DVD this way, but starting out there was nothing but black, followed by a long period of music. I finally fast forwarded to the point where it started. The second disc started fine, but shortly after had an Intermission, followed by more of the black screen and music. I almost thought the disc was defective, but apparently it was just designed that way.<br /><br />Music and acting were brilliant. In fact, everything about this movie is just as good now as it was when I first saw it years ago.<br /><br />One thing that made it different for me was seeing many of the locations where it all happened, both the filming and the actual events. Last year I had the opportunity to visit many of the areas included both in the filming of the movie. The movie is so real I could almost feel the desert air. You may want a large glass of ice water to drink as you watch it. You also may want to plan to watch it over a couple of days. It's long.<br /><br />The Bedouin community really hasn't changed much. I had met several Bedouin men during my travel through Jordan recently. Their appearance and behavior was very much like they were portrayed on film. One was a guide on a long bus trip through the desert and another on a camel ride in Petra. Others I saw scattered around Jordan and Israel living in tents, with camels, goats, sheep, and donkeys scattered around. Some were dressed as shown in this movie and others in jeans and shirts. They don't appear to have changed much over the years. It made the movie even more interesting to compare the Bedouin community then and now. Many of the people I saw could have been used in this film without any wardrobe change.<br /><br />It doesn't take much imagination to feel as though we were really witnessing these events take place.movie even more interesting to compare the Bedouin community then and now. Many of the people I saw could have been used in this film without any wardrobe change.  It doesn't take much imagination to feel as though we were really witnessing these events take place.
B0058RCVYS|5.0|This movie is absolutely amazing.  Stunningly shot, beautiful, heart-wrenching.  Such a wonderful story of human kindness, courage, and love.  I never write movie reviews, but I couldn't not recommend this work of art to everyone!
B005K17RU0|5.0|Accurate forecasts! Great setup! Very is to use! Real time Radar! Love the &quot;feels like&quot; temperature that factors in wind chill and humidity! GREAT APP
B005XQLBU4|5.0|very well written. nice challanges. very fair gameplay. got this free but would have gladly paid the small price for it. have already recommended it to family.
B003EV6DBM|4.0|In season 5 we have a new Doctor, new companion and lots of fun.<br /><br />The season can be a bit uneven, but the first and last few episodes are among the best in the series.<br /><br />The extras include commentary and some behind the scenes documentaries in the final disk.<br /><br />Definitely worth picking up.
B0051T47NQ|4.0|We all really enjoyed this film -  lots of fun from the start - and we certainly have never seen a film about this Topic - the Troll hunter actor did a great job and really sold us that he was the man - and the kids did a great job convincing us that they were really on this story - lots of adventure and mystery - good story and great trolls - lots of Fun - a must see
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good way to have fun .... love all the different games and such ..... will deffinitly tell people to get this app ...... great tor car tides long trips picknics outings ect
B006WPSQVC|5.0|This move has it all action, comedy and a great message.  One minute you will be laughing and the next you will be crying.  Hollywood should take note.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I liked this game very much. I  like how you have to work you ways through levels to get points to get new games.
0375842209|4.0|If you decide to read it, I want to warn you. It includes swearing and name calling. God's name is called in vain.<br />Most of the story happens on the poor side of town in Germany during WWII. It's about children, their families, friends, and DEATH. The images presented are hard to read about.<br />The story tore my heart like a knife scraping it in bits. The author foreshadowed many tragic events to built suspense that way.<br />It's written from omniscient point of view. The Death that came and took souls away took a voice on its own in the first person, and then it switched to the third.<br />You will not be the character in the story. You will be watching and observing like the Death narrator. His voice hung over through the whole story.<br />You will be jerked out of the story numerous times. The narrator will stop and move to next events and then come back and fill in what was left in between. Everything worked, but it did take me out of the story before I settled in again.<br />It's a powerful story that makes you really think about human nature: bad and good.<br />In a few places, it really shook my body with empowering emotions.<br />The writer broke many rules that are taught at the craft of writing. But his words and prose were so powerful. The images penetrated my mind after I finished it.<br />To really enjoy it, you need patience reading it to ponder over words and images which are so powerful.
B005KAH7QU|4.0|I don't see how this film has received so many bad reviews from viewers.  While it wasn't quite able to make the leap to \\"outstanding\\", Hanna certainly is very good, far superior to all those movies that are just a bunch of noisy gimmicks thrown together without much plot or thought.  There may be a few plot holes, sure enough, but they can be overlooked.  The story is still above-average and well thought out.  Additionally, I didn't find it boring.  The good writing, interesting characters and compelling situations kept my interest throughout the entire length of the film.  If you're looking for an intelligent action film I recommend Hanna.
B000NVIXDW|3.0|Kinda disappointing. I love his work, but for some reason I don't really like this album. The romance is lost. Hopefully he will make a comeback with something more classic, more frank sinatra-ish.
B004ZN9J0K|5.0|Saucerful of Secrets is a more atmospheric, spacier and more psychedelic follow up to Piper at the Dawn. It's not quite a classic but it's still very good and covers a lot of ground. It also has some progressive influences even though the genre wasn't official in 1968, it was still an influence to the progressive genre. The album's less accessible than Piper and it's harder to get into but after several listens it gets better. It's more complex than their debut but it holds up with age very well and the lyrics are better also. It's also their last with Syd Barrett, right before David Gilmour does lead vocals. Jugaband Blues, Corporal Clegg and Let There Be More Light are some of their finest songs to date. Overall, it's not as much of a classic as Piper at The Gates Of Dawn and it's a bit short in amount of songs but it's still up to standards.
B001G8XON0|5.0|An excellent movie of mish mash of styles and periods.  The acting and music are top notch (Nicole Kidman deserves top honours for her performance in this movie).  The audio and video presentation are 10/10 (the movie was remastered to take advantage of the format's high definition capabilities).  All the supplements from the 2 disc dvd were ported over.  A must own if you like modern musicals and stories about Love.  This is director's Baz Lurhmann's finest.
B006BQM762|5.0|This is a great summer movie. It mixes just enough action and family drama. It's a simple movie that will more than likely become a classic TBS Saturday afternoon movie.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I love the Bible reading plans that are available with this app.  However, I do wish I could use it while on the go.  It also shuts down occasionally while I'm reading.  Overall,  it's made Bible reading easier for me.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|It's about time movies with a positive message start making a comeback.  It doesn't matter if you believe in God or not, this movie has a message for every parent and everyone thinking of being a parent.  Who are you going to let raise your kids?  Cable TV, Xbox, Playstation, the World, their friends? Nothing sums it better than the speech at the end:<br /><br /> \\"There are some men who, regardless of the mistakes we've made in the past, regardless of what our fathers did not do for us, will give the strength of our arms and the rest of our days to loving God with all that we are and to teach our children to do the same--and whenever possible, to love and mentor others who have no father in their lives but who desperately need help and direction. And we are inviting any man whose heart is willing and courageous to join us in this resolution. God's Word shows us that God desires for every father to courageous step up and do whatever it takes to be involved in the lives of his children. More than just being there for them or providing for them, he is to walk with them through their young lives and be a visual representation of the character of God, their Father in heaven. Who will accept the responsibility of providing and protecting my family? Who will ask God to break the chain of destructive patterns in my family? Who will pray for, and bless my children to boldly pursue whatever God calls them to do?<br /><br />In my home, the decision has already been made. You don't have to ask who will guide my family because, by God's grace, I will. You don't have to ask who will teach my son to follow Christ because I will.\\"<br /><br />So where are you, men of courage? Where are you, fathers who fear the Lord?<br /><br />It's time to rise up and answer the call God has given you and say,<br /><br />I will! I will! I will!
B004VMVTNU|5.0|I can't think of anything else i would want in an alarm. Easy to use, works well. Go Bucks! Beat Michigan
B0013FSL3E|5.0|The seller sent this out promptly.  Package was a little dented in route, but DVD arrived in good condition.  Enjoyed this movie on television and decided to buy a copy for myself.  It's a cute movie for adults and kids alike.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game. it is so addicting that I cant stop playing it!!! nice job to the people who made this game!
B004HD61KE|5.0|Read this book when it first came out and LOVED it!!! Rollins never disappoints! Had a devil of a time putting it down!!! Can't wait for his next Sigma adventure!!!
B0041KKYBA|5.0|the dvd is great! enlightening!  must get it! you will never regret getting this dvd.  I think every americans should watch this and every professors should show this in college
B001U887O2|5.0|the crocs i ordered were just as described on the website. i ordered one size up since it has a fuzzy liner and they fit perfect.
B0058VW36U|4.0|Its a cute fun game but when you play it too much it gets a bit boring.  I still like feeding um-num
B0061S073A|5.0|I love this ap! I can let my 4 year old play on my kindle and not worry about what he is doing! He can't access settings, controls, or any ap I haven't approved.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I rarely review books, although I read a lot of them. I wanted to review this book because the reviews of this book are what kept me from reading this series for such a long time. I read so many bad reviews I thought, why read a series that no one likes the ending of? I'm glad I finally let curiosity get the best of me. I loved this series and every character written. I fell in love with Katniss, Prim, Peeta, Gale, Effie, Haymitch, and everyone else. This book ended the way the series should have. There is nothing good or fun about war. I think it was dealt with in a very real way, in real life people do not always live happily ever after. War does not end in a happy way, with a wonderful new leader in place of the old one. Often times you are picking the lesser of two evils. Kudos to Ms. Collins on a well written, griping series!
B002ECJZ76|4.0|This is a very nice movie for the entire family.  It is always a plus when we, as Americans, can get a glimpse into other cultures in the world.  Our stories in the United States are really adaptations of many other cultures and their stories.
B00005N6KG|4.0|I was concerned when I bought these headphones that they might not be sturdy enough for my use.  I wear them all day long while I clean houses.  I find that they are perfect for my needs.  They are light weight and the sound is great.  I am being careful not to tug on them so that the wires come out.  Because of the over-the-head style, they stay on my head and in my ears really well.  So far they are working well for me!
B0001WTWCO|5.0|One of the classic Oscar winners which at the same time \\"unclassically\\" polarized viewers, is a show of great cinema at its most effective. Multilayered story, in center with a passionate love affair that was prevented by the war from being completely fulfilled, boasts flawless performances both by two leads Ralph Fiennes (Laszlo Almasy) and Kristin Scott Thomas (Katharine Clifton), as well as of supporting actress Oscar winner Juliette Binoche. At heart a rather conventional love triangle is dramatically enhanced by complicated war events, the tragic fate compounded by ethnic obstacles. And if a scene when Katharine's words \\"We're the real countries...\\" sound in Laszlo's ears does not tearjerk you, you may be well made of stone.  This is one of those rare movies which remind us that simple, peaceful coexistence of humans of many nations, while natural and craved by most of us, is in current reality only a profound dream. The final stages of \\"English Patient\\" remind us of this with extraordinary power.
B003L77G8I|5.0|The product arrived on time and in excellent conditions. No problems with the order the DVD was  not damaged or cracked. It even arrived before the estimated time.
B006PHD0RW|1.0|I thought this game was very fun and addicting. However, i played it once and it was fine and then the second time i tried to play it, it would not load. My kindle fire just displayed a black screen.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|Great watch, GPS very accurate.  When battery is low (<25%) GPS function does not work. (contacted Garmin, they say it software update will address issue.)  When Battery is low, ANT+ accessories (foot pod or heart rate monitor) will function allowing you to track your work out until you can recharge your watch.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I have so much fun with Spider. It relaxes me and I have to think of all my moves. I recommend this game when the kids go.to sleep
0525478817|5.0|Before I started this book, I had this thought that I might not like this book. Which was crazy because I saw all of these glowing reviews of it on Amazon and Goodreads and I thought it might not live up to my high expectations. (If you go read some of them, almost everybody cried at some point while reading it.) Now that I finished it I think it's my favorite John Green book ever. (Sorry Paper Towns) It was so amazing that I'm afraid if I continue to write a review about it, that I'm going to spoil it for somebody. So I have to stop writing. now. So you can go discover why I love this book so much.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Amazon needs to stop with these lengthy reviews on certain products. It's a very intelligently funn show and I personally love watch it. The bundle is way over priced so buy them seperately.
0307891372|2.0|Despite the huge amount of research and meticulous detail that has gone into this reference, it is almost impossible to read due to the tiny font used. Perhaps it's fine for the young eagle-eyed reader, but if you have visual problems that make reading less than 10 pt. font sizes difficult, don't waste your time. I'd gladly pay extra for an edition that didn't require a magnifying glass. Even if the book was five inches thick! How about a searchable eBook with good zooming?
B002N5N4M6|5.0|Amazon needs to stop with these lengthy reviews on certain products. It's a very intelligently funn show and I personally love watch it. The bundle is way over priced so buy them seperately.
0374158460|5.0|Great modern story of our times. Believe the hype, it's really good! The story is completely relatable and deep. I laughed, I cried and I wished there was more when I was done.
B003L77G6A|5.0|Amazon needs to stop with these lengthy reviews on certain products. It's a very intelligently funn show and I personally love watch it. The bundle is way over priced so buy them seperately.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|THANKS for the great study app and help. I'm new to this technology and you've made this easy to handle and understand.
B004TTMYQG|1.0|android market has jan 15 2012 version and amazon does not.<br />lame for a paid app and cheating amazon users.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is  a really good way to pass the time. there are a lot of fun games to choose from.
B0015AARJI|5.0|If you own a PS3, there is no other real alternative to this controller for it. Other than the insanely high in-store price, there is nothing negative to say about it. Buy it online to get it cheaper, but don't try to find some knockoff. You will know you are holding a piece of junk if that is what you buy, and this is not a piece of junk. This is a quality item.
B00632HWOG|2.0|big Yahoo User, but i just wasn't impressed with this app.  it was showing unread mail that I HAD read.  so i deleted it.  disappointing.
B0012QCZ54|5.0|This movie is such a great look at how the youth of today have truly make a sport of street dancing, and to do it to make a competitive sport of it just amazes me.  I don't think that I could have accomplished this type of dancing in my youth.
B003JBI2KM|5.0|I've made a few batches of beer but still have alot to learn and this is an excellent book for anyone new to homebrewing or more exsperienced brewers.It goes into great detail on every asspect of beer making,it will be my brewing bible for sure.I love this book.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Good App for those boring moments in between the hecticness of life. :) Time limits seem to be on the short side. They could be upped by about 30 seconds. Overall: Very Pleased.
B005K17RU0|4.0|it is good. shows me the weather. thanks. it is good. shows me the weather. thanks to them. seriously it is good
B006XB267K|5.0|Supernatural time travel episodes are my favorites. This one is no exception. When Sam and Dean go after what appears to be a demon, Dean ends up disappearing in a ball of red light and reappears in the 1940s teaming with another hunter - Elliott Ness (Nice to see Nicholas Lea/Alex Krycheck X-Files in a good guy role.) The demon (wonderfully played by Jason Dohring/Ringers/Moonlight) turns out to be the god of time. It will require cunning in the 1940s from Dean and Elliot Ness, and a perfectly timed spell in the present by Sheriff Jody Mills (Kim Rhodes) and Sam to bring down a god and bring Dean back to his own time.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|very good has lots of fun games I love it the games r very addictive and super fun.I highly reccomend this app. it works perfectly on my kindle fire!!
B006UQEEMI|3.0|I don't know about anyone else, but I miss Bobby Singer something awful. Using recurring characters (this week Frank, next week Sheriff Jody Mills) does not even begin to fill the huge shoes our grumpy hunter left behind. In this week's episode a hunter goes missing and his daughter calls Bobby for help. Sam contacts the young teen and volunteers to go find her father. Once he gets captured the young girl insists on accompanying Dean to rescue her father and Sam. In the B story, Frank and Dean follow Bobby's numbers (actually coordinates) to a piece of land owned by the leviathans and try and figure out what the land is going to be used for. At the end of the episode, it is the young girl that saves three big, strong male hunters from a fate worse than death. Like I said, not my favorite episode. The writers must have written this one on a Friday before a holiday weekend while sipping Ruby's demon blood.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is really fun. There are tons of games so you never get bored. And it keeps you addicted because you want to unlock all the games.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Runs great, lots of fun.  Just like the classic arcade game.  I really like the upgrade capsbility, adds a little strategy.
B00664AM5C|1.0|This has to be one of the worst acted movies I've ever seen! Are you kidding me? Big names actors with an awful script! Terrible writing, bad acting, woeful music, trite plot, how did this ever pass the test audience? Even if this was a TV movie on a low budget I would rate this a burn for uselessness. It was like a bad joke! I felt that everyone was paid to not act!
B0063IH60K|4.0|This app works great on my Kindle Fire. However, if you are looking for an app with many different solitaire games to choose from (spider, pyramid, etc.), this is not the app for you. This one does regular solitaire (not sure if there is a special name for it) really well.
B001FB5634|1.0|This video is the most depressing and negative video I ever remember watching and I am 74 years old. There is no hope left for the people on the entire earth after a cataclysmic event destroys the bulk of life on the earth. The video is so demoralizing and disgusting that I surely wouldn't recommend it to anyone who is sensitive or tender hearted. It would be especially shocking to children.
0670022411|1.0|The other one star reviews pretty much nailed everything that is wrong with this book.  It is horrifyingly bad, like Twilight for grownups.  I think I read somewhere that the author is an actual history professor.  Yes, professor, yet she writes like Stephenie Meyer or worse.    I had to stop reading this book about halfway through because the constant possessive controlling damsel in distress crap made me want to vomit repeatedly.  Also there is tea.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|angry birds is the most addicting game that i have downloaded so far! i play this game everyday! by far an addicting game!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is fun and entertaining!!!! I had low standards but I played it anyways and found it quite addiciting. it was so much fun I couldn't put it down!!!!!!
B005MYEQ9U|5.0|Quick and dirty summary: This is an excellent production, very well conducted and directed with three superb leads. Anna Bolena is one of most dramatic and musically deep Donizetti operas; it requires at least three singers (Anna, Jane Seymour and Enrico (Henry VIII) who can both sing bel canto lyric and virtuostic lines AND portray a real human being.  The characters in Anna are much deeper, truer to life than, say, in Lucia.  They are, of course, drawn from English history, Anna Bolena and Jane Seymour being the 2nd and 3rd wives of Henry VIII; Henry VIII being the king who broke off from the Roman Catholic Church and founded the Anglican Church, the English State Church and the mother of our Episcopalian Church.    In the twentieth century when Anna returned to the repetoire, it was through the medium of Maria Callas who sang Anna in the pathbreaking La Scala production of 1957. So far no one has come close to matching Callas in this role, her combination of force, fury, plangent lyricism and beautiful line are thus far unique.  Anna Netrebko, in this production, comes closer than anyone I have heard.  She lacks Callas' plangent lyricism (her lyricism is merely nice), but her fury is something to behold and she always holds the stage when she is on it.  I have hopes of seeing her sing Medea and Norma, two other great Callas roles.  (Side note: I love opera DVDs but they carry the danger of too many closeups and letting the viewer confuse opera Hollywood movies)  The reviewer who whined about Netrebko gaining weight is descriptively correct but unkind.  And, it's truly none of his/her business since it doesnt effect her performance.)  Truly matched with Netrebko is the Seymour of Elina Garanca. who sings spectacularly, beautifully, and intelligently and is so charismatic on stage that even when she and Netrebko are duetting, it is hard not to watch Garanca.  Ildebrando D'Arcangelo very good at Henry VIII, appropriately filling the stage with his fury.  All he lacks is a genuinely deep bass voice (his is closer to a bass-baritone and is a bit too light) but he holds his own.  The tenor is fair; Elizabeth Kulman as Smeaton is much better than fair. Between the conductor, director, and the three main leads the beauty, passion and drama of this fine opera are powerfully set before us.
B005OCFGTO|4.0|This set is nothing fancy, but it is definitely worth the money. I purchased this as a gift for a 10 year old. Though it doesn't come with the bells and whistles the BluRay/super DVD packages do, who really watches all that stuff anyway?! A great bargain for the money!
0312641893|5.0|The author has done the seemingly impossible -- taking a story we all know by heart, transporting it to a new world with a surprising protagonist, and introducing elements that fit with the story yet also elevate it out of a tired genre. I was wary when I picked this up that it would be just another dystopian story, but somehow it seemed fresh (even when the familiar trope of \\"glamor\\" was trotted out I didn't roll my eyes quite so much as usual). I thoroughly enjoyed the book and devoured it in 2 days (not bad for a full time working mom of three).
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Amazingly fool,my daughter loves it and we found it on nintendo Dsi xl,she absoilutly loves it,she cant put it down
0525478817|5.0|Do not read this book at school. You will cry. Otherwise though, it is amazing. Dont forget to be awesome!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Works really well!!!! Very easy to click on the cards and it's not impossible to win. Works and looks beautiful on the kindle fire. Definitely a must have.
B005DKLPF6|1.0|Mastodon has produced four masterful albums in ten years, besides an amazing live album, all without a single dud track.  This album is 100% crap.  At worst, it is laughable.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think that this game is really cool. my favorite part is how it has lots of games. I would give it five stars of five. and even better, it was free!(this was on the kindle fire when I got it for free.)
B004XCUEU2|4.0|I bought this for my 19 year old brother, who's a big Foo Fighters fan. He said he went to bed to 'Wresting Light' after watching this album -he loved it. I bought it, convinced he would like it because of the reviews of previous buyers. Thanks!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game it has lots of fun playing this game it makes me want to play it every day.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|You know how some films just are so well put together that you can watch them time after time, and not feel the least bit bored? Scott Pilgrim is that way for me, and my bet is that if you're a 25-35 who enjoyed video games growing up, you'll like the movie too.  I'm not a film critic or a theater-major so I'm not going to deconstruct the movie, but I can spell out what I find amazing. First, the film is layered THICK; there is tons of stuff in the background. Second, the subtle blurring of the line between life and game with structure and images is sweet. Finally, the acting is top notch (Cera is just being Cera, but everyone else gave this movie their all!).  One word of caution: you must watch it in HD (or see it in film, on the big screen). The visuals are just too great, watching on SD (DVD) you'll miss a dripping and saturated experience.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|GREAT FILM, QUICK SHIPMENT AND GREAT PRICE! IN PERFECT CONDITION AND AS DESCRIBED.  I WILL SURLY SHOP AMAZON AGAIN. A GREAT SITE.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|A good time...everyone will find something to play. it is do easy to get points and add games, it is hard to get bored.
B005FJ7DOM|5.0|What a nice surprise this movie was, never heard of it. But took a chance and rented it anyway, I was pleasantly surprised by this film! It has all the right ingredients for an end of the world themed movie. Okay so it has vampires instead of zombies, but that made the movie so much better. Don't get me wrong, I like zombies as much as the next guy, but now there are almost, dare I say it, to many zombie movie out there right now.  And what makes this movie really stand out is the acting, top notch! You care about the characters, they behave in a way that is what I think realistic under such circumstances. No superheroes, no dumbells, just regular people who are thrust in a totally insane situation. Agein the acting, the writing, the direction - outstanding!!! Rent or better yet buy this movie, I know I will.
0671027344|5.0|This brilliant, literally unputdownable masterpiece left me a crying, blithering mess. To quote this magnificent book 'it's weird describing reading a book as a great experience', but it totally is exactly that; a great experience. Actually about to re-read it, just minutes after I finished it. I don't usually take the time to review books, or any product for that matter, but this one was just too good not to review. Honestly one of the best books I have ever read.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|Got this for my son and he loves it... He said the sound quality was awesome...Shipping was fast and I recommend this product and seller
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its a very fun game but can be hard at times. some of the games are stupid but most.of them are fun.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love this game, just like the traditional solitaire we all grew up with! love on my kindle fire, works great!
B004SBX112|5.0|I have all 3 versions and they are the only games I have ever continuously played that was not a puzzle or brain teaser.
B00000FCBC|4.0|This CD set is worth the price just for Breadfan, The Prince, Crash Course and Blitzkreig (I say set because it is 2 CDs). I could take or leave most of the cover songs and the production is pretty much bare bones on the whole thing. But like I said you get 'Breadfan'!
1599218011|5.0|I love the way the book is written! I love the content it presents. I love the inspirational  testimonials. I love the recepies at the end. Most of all, I love how easy Kris Carr makes life... Easy, breezy, beautiful - crazy, sexy girl!  The language she uses is necessary for me. It makes the information easier to absorb and makes it fun to read. Kris Carr let's it all hang out, because it is by exposing our selves (thoughts, bodies, dreams) that we can really see what is happening and change our lives for the better.  I f-ing love this book and I am buying it for all my family and friends!
B004UA8D2S|4.0|Rented for $1.00 Enjoyed the suspense....What more do you really need/expect out of a movie you rent for $1.00? Decent enough movie..We enjoyed it.
B0055QYKQO|1.0|got this back in October. did great till January 18th 2012, until finally it didn't want to read my video card anymore.the CPU fan socket spins my fan slower then it did before. had to buy another one and im only getting a 20-80% return on something meant to last 5 years and more. so hey i gave it one star because it failed me, but i think it would work great, everyone else liked theirs. i guess i got the bad egg.yay...
B0038BBA4I|5.0|Who could have thought a banjo could be so cool. This is simply some of the best new music to come along in a while, it rocks, its different, its original, everything most new music is lacking. I cant wait to see what else comes from this band..
B0055SWM08|5.0|Best game out there! Great music and super peaceful!<br />This game is relaxing but tests your mind. BUY THIS GAME!
B004LWZW7E|5.0|This is a plot-driven film, entirely. I love this movie because of the idea it represents and the numerous questions it has left me asking myself since I finished it. In this film, time is controlled. The more time you have, the more wealthy you are. It is similar to our society but the downside of being lower-class comes with a far more dire consequence.<br /><br />There is a lot of action in here. Many chase scenes keep you on the edge of your seat while your mind is busy putting together pieces. You can't help but to try and figure out what will happen next, which makes the twists that the plot steers you through more unexpected. This is great because action scenes in thinking films keep them from growing dull while keeping your mind from overheating.<br /><br />The system is clever and it works. Once again, the movie is entirely plot-driven. The acting was also okay. I consider Justin Timberlake to be a solid actor, nothing more, nothing less. He is confident enough in his ability to take on any role, but I feel that he still has yet to \\"own\\" a character he portrays to the point of becoming a household name in acting. I feel that his reputation as an actor was gained entirely from his success as an entertainer. All of the supporting actors were suitable as well, which is fine, as this was never intended to be a character driven film.
B004FEJ3VY|3.0|It broke on the second day my son had it, we were always having to transform it, and it was extremely difficult to transform.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|Every once in a while, a movie will debut and be considered an instant classic. When this happens, I give more credit to the director, the actors, the music, and camera work, than the actual story. Well, this just so happens to be one of those movies and, though it didn't necessarily do anything that hasn't been done by movies before, the production quality stands out, and assures that this will be remembered as one of the best films of 2011.<br /><br />The story is tragic, exciting, and inspiring. Much of the movie felt like a drama, it is filled to the rim with emotion and moments that will move you. The way that ceaser (Starring chimp) interacts, his expressions as he identifies another evil of man or another obstacle to overcome, you will route for that chimp as you watch his story unfold. It isn't a bad way to spend a couple of hours. The ending is as satisfying as the climax of the story, the whole movie is built around both, as it should be. I was left with no unanswered questions as the credits rolled.<br /><br />As I mentioned before, the real jewel of this movie is the production quality. No expense was sparred in the detail of the computer-digitized scenes. They are frequent and in your face. You'll be amazed at ceaser and all of the ape's detail as they climb, wing, and communicate with each other. These are some of the best computer generated images on a screen anywhere.<br /><br />I've been looking forward to this movie, and I can say with confidence, it was worth the wait. I can't find any real issue to fault the movie on. The only character that seemingly lacked purpose was will's(James Franco/ lead character) girlfriend, though there were two scenes where I guess she did help out.<br /><br />The Bottom line is this; If you haven't seen this movie, you really should. It is an exceptional film where acting, producing, Symphony, story, and CG images all meet and work together in theatrical harmony.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|If it had not been for the two star actors, this film would not have hit anyone's radar.  Lasted about 15 minutes hoping that it would get better, clearer, interesting. It did not.
B004LWZWBU|5.0|If I had known that this movie's plot essentially centered around bird-watching, I would have expected it to be \\"kinda funny\\" at best. But oh were my expectations (which were quite high) blown away, in a good way.<br /><br />The acting and script of this movie, as well as the directing, are all very high quality. Jack Black always makes me laugh, but beyond being funny, I feel that he is a dedicated, convicted, and experienced actor, that always takes his roles seriously, even if it looks like he is just goofing off. That is his role, it makes him fun to watch. I believe he works really hard to achieve and maintain this image, while still remaining kid friendly, this movie falls under that category, by the way.<br /><br />Other than Jack Black, the film boasts an all star cast, filled with actors who have earned big reputations for their previous works. There are several noticeable B-listers in there as well. The supporting cast is perfect, well, support, to a main cast that is, well, perfect.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys comedy films, or just likes a good laugh every once in a while. You don't want to miss it, as good quality films of this ilk are much fewer than the bulk of  \\"comedies\\" that are really just dramas in disguise. When I watch a comedy, I want to laugh, not cry, and this movie really delivers just that, the laughs that is.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game it is sooo amazing and fun. At first it doesn't look like it would be for the kindle but it is.
B005LZW8FO|5.0|I will be honest, I hadn't heard of this movie until my opportunity to review. Oh, what a rare gem I missed out on. I have to say after watching this movie it has become one of my favorite all-time films. The story line, characters, the beauty it represents, everything really comes together nicely. I would have loved to have seen this movie on the big screen, it would have taken my appreciation for the story to the next level. I don't think that this movie played in theaters in my region.<br /><br />It is unlike anything I have seen in a really long time. This movie offers a deep story line, it is moving, thought provoking, and really gets your emotions stirring. I loved all of the beautiful imagery offered throughout the movie. As you watch, you will catch yourself pondering the what if factors the film inspires, as well as the possibilities. The storyline really offers a second thought and can be a brilliant conversation starter with whoever you watch the movie with. This is truly a movie that I would an Oscar, and this is something I don't say often. I feel that every award that this movie has received is well deserved. I can't wait to take the time and watch it again.
B005K17RU0|4.0|great app. running late for work I'm not provided the luxury of waiting on the weather men to finally come on. grab my kindle and this app is always right on time
B006DHAT5K|4.0|Every once in awhile I find a comedy that really cracks me up and makes the night great. Anna Farris plays the character Ally Darling, a girl that is on a quest through her past boyfriends in search of love. Not knowing her true love is the one that has been under her nose the whole time.  Anna truly plays the character so well, I have always found her to be quite quirky as a character, in a fun to watch kind of way. I feel this was a perfect role for her and that she played the part better than another actress could have. I do feel that the movie moves at a nice, fast pace.  It keeps things fresh through humor that is entwined into the dialogue.<br /><br />Chris Evans plays his character equally well, as I would expect him to. Anna and Chris make such a perfect pair in the movie, they truly become their characters. I do however consider this a chic flick, one you would want to watch with your girlfriends or by yourself. But, you never know you may catch your better half sneaking a peak and laughing. Yes, the movie is R rated and is not suitable for kids. If you are in the mood for a romantic comedy then this is the movie you should check out.
1936891026|5.0|This is the kind of book you need to read whether you're an artist, writer, musician, or a business owner. In this book, the author explores the feeling of resistance and how it shows up to impede your work as well as presenting strategies to help you overcome that resistance. He also discusses metaphysical aspects of inspiration. I found his advice useful and to the point. It helped me identify places where resistance had shown up to impede my own work. This book is essential because it provides a different perspective on resistance, while helping you find ways around and through it. Pick it up today!
B006LRUVUA|5.0|I have been using this app for a while and LOVE it. Only downside is the price if you need to buy it. I wish they had a more flexible or affordable pricing scale.
B0014JKJHK|5.0|These clogs are excellent for working in a slippery restaurant atmosphere.  Even in the dish washing area, these clogs are great.  Easy slip on and off too.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've thoroughly enjoyed the game for the many months I've had it. I highly recommend it. I really cant even see anything wrong with the game.
B0061S073A|5.0|love that the kids cant get into any of mine or my hubbys apps or books!!!! I also like that they cant change the volume so if I want it quiet it stays that way!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I mean y wouldn't u love this game? There are so many games.  and its free I think this is also a great time waster I would rate 10 stars if I could
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is the best app that has been made! It is so great to have the Bible at my fingertips everywhere I go. It has every version that I have ever heard of and way more, and gives you the option to download most of them to use offline. Thanks to this app, I use my phone as a Bible more than the actual phone functions. The reading plans make it easy to keep up the pace in your reading. I love how it tells you the percent completion. In 2011, I read through the entire Bible on my phone using the One Year Reading Plan! Thank you Youversion!
B003UESJH4|3.0|Pretty interesting movie; not much action.  Not something you watch over and over, but definately a lesson learned on what effect people do have on each other and the impact it can have on any person.
B0062NAX1U|1.0|Oh Swell!  Another one of these badly acted, poorly written pieces of Christian propaganda.  This tripe is an insult to filmmaking in general, and to anyone with a discerning mind.  They show this junk in churches for free because no one in their right mind would pay to watch anything with the Kendrick name on it.  It's sad to think that they manage to find money to make this drivel, and worse that there are braindead religious puppets who claim that it is \\"great filmmaking.\\"  It is my sincere hope that these rank amateurs never waste another moment of celluloid time on feces like this.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|I would say that &quot;God&quot; is harvesting information but &quot;God&quot; doesn't exist. So it's. youversion using this app as a tool to steel the info.
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|ok I have on 2 phones plus a tablet. I'm getting my updates on the phones but not my tablet. Can someone tell me WHY? I NEED HELP HERE! PLEASE SEND ME UPDATES
B0002O06NA|5.0|i love my vinyls! i always go to record stores to buy my vinyls and always buy them used, only because i prefer for my records to have a history and some character. but i just had to get my favorite bands record :) great, had no problems with it. love it. by the way,  Black Keys sound amazing on vinyl, RECOMMENDED!
0061339202|5.0|This is a really good book is not in doubt. It has stood the test of many years and many readers. The concept of being in the \\"zone\\" or being in Flow is one, all of us would want. To be incredibly effective and with concentration at such high level, that nothing else is there. That in a nutshell is flow. Mihaly makes it clear in the beginning itself, that this is not a step by step, book to get into Flow. However it will get you the concepts. This book is truly worth reading a couple of times. I highly recommend it.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Hours of fun.  Complete each level and try to get 3 stars.  Go ahead and get the ad-free version because the ads tend to get in the way sometimes.
B005PW3OS8|4.0|So today I finally sat down and rented this on Amazon Instant Video. Total regret at not having done this much much sooner. One of the better superhero movies made. Never was a Marvel fan growing up so not sure how faithful it was. I do know that story, characterization, and acting; with the exception of Mr. Jones, were all above average. Now excited about the upcoming Avengers movie.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think this is a good app and I would recommend it to anyone. I love it. bye bye bye
B002QYVPI4|5.0|Best, all time, SYFY ever made. Must see. Visually stunning from beginning to end. But best of all, thought provoking. Violent now and again, graphic violence but it there for a reason. Who is \\"good\\" and who is \\"bad\\"? And out of it all, I realized not good idea showing up in Heaven pissed you did not live long enough here on earth. Be grateful, very grateful. Highly recommended.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Got as a gift for Christmas 2011--  I'm an old fan (was five when ep. 4 came out and my dad fell asleep during the Chilly Willy cartoon before the movie started so I had to wake him up to read the opening scrolling words to me).  And I hated eps. 1-3 when they hit the theater.  But I just watched them again, all in a row (1-6), and was very impressed.  The blu-ray quality was great, with only a few instances of the screen becoming weirdly grainy when it hadn't been in the previous scene seconds ago. (Any one have any explanations for this?)  It was good to see the stories all in a row, and the true test came when I watched them with my daughters (5 and 9).  Jar-Jar annoys me.  Not my girls.  They loved him.  And the monsters and the sounds were just as incredible to them as they were to me.  I also enjoyed reading the hater reviews and then watching the movies and trying to find the same problems they did.  Yeah, some of the issues could/should have been fixed, but for my part, if the dude who made the movie wanted to change the movie--it's his movie.  Go and make something this all-encompassing or this massive, and then see how you like it when someone who didn't participate in its creation tells you what you should and shouldn't do to it.  Or write a book and then let random-internet-troll edit it for you.  Or have a child and let the know-everything-peoples-of-the-internet tell you how to raise him/her.  I could be wrong, but from my perspective (having created tiny little movies, having written sadly-as-of-yet-unpublished books, and trying to raise two little girls), people (those who didn't create any given project) have every right to critique and complain when they don't like something about the movies they watch.  But the idea that comes across from so many of these hater reviews is that George Lucas changed the movie just to personally tick people off.  I bet he didn't.  But even if he did, it's his movie.  He can do what he wants with it.  Just like some of you wrote hater reviews laying out your vision, George made some movies laying out his...
B0063IH60K|4.0|Enjoyed playing this version. set up is a little different but manageable. good for a free app. perfect. for the kindle
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Well, the other day I was wanting to play a fun game.Nothing that was already on my Ipod wasn't fun.So I went to the appstore and saw this game.It was love at first sight!I play it every day to see what new a exciting challenge awaits me!You should buy this game!
081297381X|5.0|good book, very unique way of looking at and anticipating events..........make you look at events differently and not caught off guard
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|This movie is first and foremost about Paris, the lovely and romantic city with its cobbled footpaths and cafe laden streets - the first few minutes of the movie are spent on picturisation of this this lovely city. It's a simple story but the strong script and excellent direction, makes it a fantastically enjoyable movie. All credit to Woody. To top it all, the cinematography is just exquisite!
B002T44ZYW|5.0|The book was amazing! I seen it at Walmart on clearance & thought \\"what the heck.. why not?\\" I picked it up and could NOT put it down. I didn't think Lauren Conrad would be such an amazing writer. She had me so interested that I went out and bought the next book as soon as I was finished with the first! :)
B000FCK65W|5.0|Knowing only that this book was written a long time ago and has been in print for many decades was all the information that I had. I knew it featured an urban family in 1900 NYC, and my understanding stopped there. One day Audible.com had a \\"classics\\" sale and I picked this up and stashed it away on my MP3 player. Eventually I listened. In short orded I double-bought this magnificent novel for my Kindle and read along as I listen. Then I shared my Kindle edition with all my friends and family, who were equally impressed. There is no stopping this book. I delivers history like no textbook ever will, and human insight, depth and drama, that no film ever could.
B004SBX112|4.0|HOWEVER! It doesn't not update your old installation (ad version) of the game, it installs a new copy of the game.  If you're rooted you can copy and paste your scores/saves from the ad version to the ad-free version then delete the ad version.  I gave it 4-stars b/c the ad-free app should update the ad-version like the original copy of Angry Birds.  Users who aren't root will have to start all over as their info will not carry over from the ad-version to the ad-free version.  Glad to be playing Angry Birds without ads, but I shouldn't have needed to copy my save files to make it work.
B000Z9PYJS|5.0|I was completely in the dark about this novel -- how? I knew so many who'd read and loved it, and it sat in my Kindle for a long time. Finally, I plunged in, and I may have had the wildest ride of my life! The title may frighten people who are shy about math, but the equation has little to do with one's enjoyment of the story. Such beautiful and evocative use of words, and in your head you can hear both Pi's slightly accented lilt and the journalist's puzzled American voice.<br /><br />Many reviewers are disappointed with the ending, but I believe it remains a mystery we are not meant to solve. There is a different emotion upon reading the wrap-up, but I embrace the author and his choices, and I wouldn't want it any other way.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Not bad for free.  You have to deal with annoying prompts to earn more points by taking surveys, etc.  Don't expect much and you will be happy.
B005URRCUY|5.0|My high school son introduced me to the Black Keys a year or so ago, and we've been fans ever since. The new CD was even better than we anticipated.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Really fun as long as you don't mind the adds. Its really addictive because you want to unlock the next game.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|This product is super durable. It keeps it super clean but the elastic gets stretched after a while. All in all a great buy.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app provides all of the translations I need and is easy to use. I use it more than I use my hard bound Bible.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fun and challenging for all ages!!! I love the station. My favorite game is Bouncy!! Love it!!! I've seen other people's messages saying don't update and I believe them. Great game though!!!
0072373350|5.0|I am a chemical engineering student. i took fluid mechanics using \\"Fluid Dynamics\\" by Pozrikidis, which was not a great introductory text. I have looked at the books by White, Munson, and finally Anderson. I would rate them in that order as well, with Anderson being the best. I have not read these books cover to cover, but in seeking better explanations for the fundamental fluid equation, I have found the answers in Anderson and not in any of the other texts. If any ChE teachers stumble on this, please use Anderson or at the least, Munson.
B004SBX112|1.0|it now claims that this isn't compatible with the kindle fires.  how is that?  we have the ad one and now want to upgrade to this one.
B000PKG7TI|5.0|It occurred to me while watching this video that I have been attending concerts for 30 years now and I've been to the very biggest and best out there during those 30 years.  This concert was right up there with the very best.  Watching a band play live often exposes vulnerabilities and unfortunately at times, musicians get 'lazy' with their playing or just tired, and it shows.  This band was tight, didn't miss a note and had the energy to pull off song after song with superb musicianship skills.  There's usually a band member(s) that tend to overshadow others but in this performance, I thought every person in the band contributed equally in skill and performance.  The performance just 'wowed' me.  I like Nightwish, but after watching this, they're in my top tier now.  I guarantee you, if you appreciate a powerful, well-executed and talented concert (who doesn't), you'll absolutely love this video.  I'd give it 6 stars if I could - it was truly, truly amazing.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|I have had this device since X-mas when some well-intended co-workers gave it to me as a gift and have yet to successfully use it. The Garmin software, users manual, and web site all look good but are awful, and buggy. I have yet to be able to connect to Garmin Connect. I have a My Garmin password and from that site you are supposed to be able to log in to Garmin Connect but it takes you a page where there is no where to log in. If you try and log into Garmin Connect directly but already have registered on My Garmin, it won't let you. You're stuck in a do loop. I am an engineer, not a moron, but this device and software soon make you feel like one. They should get Apple to do software for them. The sliding bezel design is also a nightmare. I have yet to get past the learning curve. I wish I could take it back but don't have the heart to tell my subordinates. It's too bad. It may be a good idea for runners, but execution is AWFUL. Don't but this device unless you want to spend hours trying to use it's features.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Game is fun and stable. A great time killer!! Always comes in handy when bored or between meetings at work.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I think the 101-in-1 games is super and I hope more games get unlocked because I think its really fun,but they don't have instructions for some of the games.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have only seen about a 3rd of this movie at a friend's house and loved it  It's made by the same guy that did Spirited Away and Totoro  Totally kid friendly and enjoyable even for mid 20's  The package came right on time and it was perfectly sealed and everything  I am so happy and can't wait to watch the whole thing
B006O3MU96|1.0|This is a ripoff!!! For the same price, you can get the same app but better for the same price!!!!!!!!!
B005HQ5S3G|4.0|This singer really knows her stuff. I love how intense her vocals get on Breaking Your Own Heart. Her best song on this album though is Stronger. This is a powerhouse anthem and I am pretty sure it will end up being a massive hit for her. You make us all Stronger Kelly!
B005CKPQNE|5.0|There is nothing to say about this show, except that it is the most.epic.and.amazing.TV.show.ever.<br /><br />Must see TV at its finest!
B000PC6A3E|5.0|a complex and gripping plot,  discussion on good and bad, beautiful and most enjoyable film, with great description of gotham. one of the best batman films, together with the first batman (tim burton's), to my taste better than the dark knight
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very fun. will suck you in quilkly though. if you do download, you better have some time on your hand!
B004FOA84A|5.0|This game was awesome and works great on my kindle fire. I've found some other mystery games but none come close to this. Really hope Fire Maple Games will make more like this!
0446547654|1.0|This book was awful.  The writing was unimaginative and stilted, with no nuance or grace at all.  The story was fine and somewhat interesting, but the style is so bad that it was distracting.  The ending was plain stupid and entirely, unfortunately, predictable.  This was my first, and last, Nicholas Sparks book.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Love this game! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is I wish there were other solitaire game styles.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Such strong characters and powerful performance. Thought it stands out to Pride & Prejudice, Jane Eyre as to the character painting and on-screen interpretation.  Must  have it as collection.
B006OFN0SE|5.0|I will be short on this film because it probably is one of the best by Clint Eastwood.<br /><br />First the actors. They have to cover a whole life and it starts in their early twenties and ends in their late seventies with diseases and death. It is not only a question of special makeup effects but it is a question of deportment, behaviour, rhythm, flexibility, credibility at any age in their facial expressions and their language. It takes time, a lot of training and great talent to do that. If it were easy they would all do it. Very few actually can.<br /><br />Second the institutional subject. The creation of the FBI. Its transformation from a semi-clandestine agency to a scientific, well trained and very effective and diligent institution. The film is clear how difficult it was to get laws passed and finances granted by Congress. Some of the arguments were opportunistic and some were logical, but they all had only one aim: to get what it needs to become the best. J. Edgar Hoover was in a way irritating in his way to serialize the action of the FBI for the nascent mass-media that the radio and the cinema were becoming. He was extremely disturbing in his umbilical ego-centeredness or ego-centricity. But that was him and the actor is able to render this cold, calculated and very tense character who had a problem with public elocution and had managed to overcome it with an extremely strict discipline.<br /><br />That leads to his action and his vision of the FBI. He was extremely authoritative and manipulative. He never took no for an answer and for him one no was always a disguised and hidden yes. He accumulated information on all the people he could one day depend on, politicians, congressmen and justices or judges, to blackmail them if necessary. He generally had his way and one of his major failures was with Martin Luther King that he could not blackmail into refusing the Nobel Peace Prize. The film is at times on the very verge of being embarrassing, though it only speaks of dead figures because it is dealing with rumors on Eleanor Roosevelt, Martin Luther King, John Fitzgerald Kennedy, Richard Nixon and a few others. I am not even sure some of the information is not frankly false.<br /><br />But Clint Eastwood is a patriot and he shows the patriotic side of the character with insistence and weight, to the point of reaching bigotry at times, for example on the subject of racism. He built the FBI in the fight against the anarchist and communist movement in the 20s and 30s, against the gangsters of the 20s and Prohibition, against the Germans in the 30s too, without specifying the political innuendo of the national reference in 1934 among Americans questioned by the FBI about someone who had a German accent. No nuance. Clint Eastwood gives his matter raw and uncooked at all.<br /><br />But Clint Eastwood reaches beyond these elements to capture the real personal and intimate dimension of his character. And here he is not using innuendo and allusions. J. Edgar Hoover's relation with his direct deputy is seen as a sentimental relation on the side of the deputy and an emotional relation on the side of J. Edgar Hoover himself. The tremendous condemnation of any gay orientation by his mother creates in him a tremendous struggle due to his attachment to his mother. The truth will come at the very end with a friendly even paternal kiss to his deputy on the night before dying. He will explain how he recruited him because he needed someone and he knew that young man needed a strong paternal figure that he accepted to be.<br /><br />Of course the revelation of the love of that young man for his boss is dramatized by Clint Eastwood, and maybe even too much because that was the intimate and private life of two men who did not reveal anything in public, far from it. But it is done with such delicacy, tenderness. J. Edgar Hoover appears in the film as having compensated the absence of a father figure and the presence of a strong authoritarian mother figure on his side, by playing that father figure with his direct deputy who needed such a father figure. The compensated lack of J. Edgar Hoover became the satisfaction of the need of his deputy. So much alike and yet so different.<br /><br />That personal touch in this film makes the film a lot more fascinating because it speaks of something that may happen to anyone: love is the only thing that survives in life and is stronger than even hatred as J. Edgar Hoover explains as he is climbing the stairs to his bedroom for the very last time in his life.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAUe with his direct deputy who needed such a father figure. The compensated lack of J. Edgar Hoover became the satisfaction of the need of his deputy. So much alike and yet so different.  That personal touch in this film makes the film a lot more fascinating because it speaks of something that may happen to anyone: love is the only thing that survives in life and is stronger than even hatred as J. Edgar Hoover explains as he is climbing the stairs to his bedroom for the very last time in his life.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This is one of the best apps I have downloaded.  It has a variety of functions and settings so that even the grumpiest of early risers can awaken in a decent mood.  Love it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I loved it because of all the games you can chose from Thank You for this game lord thank u.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|lots of fun to play and I really like the different variety of games.  my kids love it a lot also.  fun for the whole family.  a must have app for anyone that loves to play games.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I just started and it reminds me of the simple computer games of the 1980's! It is very retro and enjoyable!
0812550706|5.0|I remember hearing about Ender's Game many years ago and just finally got around to reading it. The book definitely does not disappoint. I would recommend to just about anyone.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its allot of fun but still challenging, my six year old likes to play the games as well. some are easy enough for her.
0375851569|5.0|Bought as a gift for a friends kid. What can you say about the doctor? He's awesome and my friends 4 year old daughter loves the books.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|I First Got introduced  to The Godfather Films  in the summer in 1991 and have been a fan of The Godfather Films ever sence then I had all 3 of The Godfather Films  on VHS and I had  the original Box set of  The Godfather Films on DVD's I received  The Godfather on Blu-ray as a Chirstmas gift along with a Blu-ray player and my jaw dropped when i saw the picture quality Of The Godfaher On  Blu-ray I  just couldn't believe  my eyes. The Godfather on Blu-ray is Just ABSOLUTEY amazing it puts the 2001 DVD Box-set to absolute Shame  I donated my Original  DVD box set to a local Library  Mr.Coppla  did a wonderful job in getting the first 2 Godfather films Restored  it was also very  Nice to see  that the all of the special features from the Original  2001 DVD box set Of The Godfather Was included This version of Godfather  on Blu-Ray  as well if you love The Godftaher I Highly  recommend Picking up The Godfather On Blu-Ray it's JUST AN OFFER YOU CAN'T REFUSE
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good game. very fun to play. cool gameplay. very very very very interesting. I really really enjouy to play this game
B001N1DPDE|5.0|This is a five star knife because the balance, weight, durability, edge, and economy come together as perfectly as anyone could ask. There are compromises like portability versus durability; its a heavy solid knife and more difficult to pack than a Mora or Gerber LMF but will withstand a call to duty better and longer. The BK-2 is the evolution of the tool. Paleo-man's first chipped rock promised the coming of the Campanion. In turn, this knife performs on an essentially natural level. Out of the box, the knife is ugly. However, \\"make an ugly woman your wife...\\" besides the after market support and versatility of the steel allows the knife to be easily, readily tailored to suit with micarta handle, various edges, or custom sheath. Put this knife in a time capsule with an 85 Toyota 4x4 and Marlin 30-30 for future generations, so they won't think we were complete idiots.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This App is considerably easier to navigate than others. I use it in church and can keep up with the pastor as he flips through the scriptures. There is such a great variety of studies and I love the gentle email reminders that help keep me on track. I highly recommend!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Games are fast and fun ! I like how different they are which keeps you on your toes.  You earn points which you use for new games.Needs hints on how to play games you don't know other than that lots of fun!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|having so many games at your fingertips is a great convenience to anyone who plays. I love playing all the games.
B00632HWOG|5.0|This app is much improved over the previous versions and there are no longer any annoying adds. Good job Yahoo.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I appreciate the variety of versions and the free availability of God's word.  It provides another way to read the Word and keep it handy.  Thanks to those who made this possible.  What a blessing!
1400079144|2.0|Okay, I WAS a big Dan Brown fan, but he lost me unless he finally writes a book with an original thought. Granted there are books where the same character gets into this and that, but enough already with this one. Seriously, the guy is a history buff, not a spy, not an assassin. Seriously, this book is what now, the 3rd about the same guy, same crap, just a different focus in history and present time. I think Dan spent more time looking up the facts and history for this one than he did coming up with an original idea. Sorry Dan, but seriously, you are a good/decent writer, but enough already. Unless I hear great reviews on his next one (assuming he comes out with one), I am done.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This is a stunning book.  Even if your not a huge Stephen King fan.  You have to read this.  It seems simple but the past is Obdurate.<br /><br />Jake Epping the lead in this novel is urged at the hands of an aquantince to change one of the most horrific days in American History.  The Assissination of JFK.  Would the past want to be changed.  What would it do to STOP history from being rewritten.  The time slip puts him out in 1958 and Jake has to wait out the time between.  Living 40 years in the past is an awakening for Jake.  Seeing with his modern mind a time of racial unrest.  Living as he worked toward his one true goal.<br /><br />Its a great book.  WIth many twists and turns for the ride.  This is an incredible read.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great app! I wish I could win this easily on the slot machines! I like it better than using real cards
6305511055|5.0|This is Redford's best--has political ramifications to this day. Well written and well acted, this movie is thrilling right to the very end.
B004AKCMD4|3.0|Disappointing after reading the books. But it was a ok movie. The reason I gave three stars was because kludd wasnt kidnapped, kludd was the reason soren was kidnapped, the owls at st. angies wasnt the pure ones, kludd was the original leader of the pure ones. In the movie it is all messrd up.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|special enquiry detail free review: decent length for free version. tap response could be better. may purchase full game later.
0061251321|5.0|As a college teacher who teaches leadership skills, I'm always curious to discover new books on the subject.<br /><br />\\"Tribal Leadership\\" is one of my favorites. It's simple and engaging to read; it also hides numerous pearls.<br /><br />The book suggests that great leadership comes when you're able to move your collaborators up on an emotional scale.<br /><br />From:<br /><br />Level 1 - \\"Life Sucks\\"<br />Level 2 - \\"My Life Sucks\\"<br />Level 3 - \\"I'm Great\\"<br />Level 4 - \\"We're Great\\"<br />Level 5 - \\"Life Is Great\\"<br /><br />The authors then explain how to move from one level to the next. While this may sound simple -- this approach is extremely powerful when you actually apply it. I've used it as a teacher in the context of the classroom, and I've also used it as a consultant in a business setting: it gets great results.<br /><br />While this book is focused on business -- I feel the techniques can be apply to any setting in work or relationships.<br /><br />I believe this is an important read for anyone who's curious about improving his/her quality of life. We're living in a time where reinvention is the name of the game -- \\"Tribal Leadership\\" should definitely part of your collection.<br /><br />Next thing you know -- people might call you a leader. Not bad.<br /><br />by Guillaume Wolf \\"Prof. G\\" author of reDESIGN: reCREATE: Reinvent Yourself and Thrive in the New Economy
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I am blown away by this app. The birds are so cute.  Its free also it doesn't shut down on you every 7 minutes
B0055SWM08|5.0|I love this game!! I literally JUST downloaded it on my kindle fire and I cant stop playing. It's so pretty and zen. Just a really great game.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Its ok but really is a rip of.  I'm only nine years old so this might be inaccurate. It is ok if you are eleven or higher
B006AZZPCM|5.0|I use this quite a bit and it works great. The dev supports the app consistently with updates. The ads are also non intrusively displayed on the bottom of the screen.
B005HSL626|1.0|this games does not work out on the kindle fire. it freezes when u click on the app and it shows an advertisement screen!:(
0316017930|4.0|I really enjoyed and benefited from this eye opening, thought provoking work By Malcolm Gladwell. Outliers points out how one's family, and/or community invariably influences one's potential for mega success. It provokes me to heighten my awareness and purposefulness to expand opportunity for greater circles as well as for my most immediate circle.<br /><br />The book stimulated me to consider strategies I might employ to facilitate my continued growth and success as well. It can do the same for you.  It certainly offers insights that could lead to crafting a legacy for those you love.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|vdv rhgxgd vfstbdy.  r Dave. db fe r r cfvf fr d t. gr f r frzydjrhfjehc hdnrucdgcueyd h hxkdbdejjx
B004G6009K|5.0|This is a solid family movie and a great 3D-viewing experience at home. I see no real social message here. If we are going to rely on Disney to teach our children values then everything is already lost. It's parents' job to set the example in proper relationships, morals, etc. for their children. Disney's job is to entertain and they do it with Tangled.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Lots of fun! Sat with my two boys and had a blast right off the bat!:-)  Can't beat the price either.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|I bought this movie for my 30 year old son.  He saw the movie in the theater and absolutely loved it.
B0033TI4BW|3.0|I must admit that I found this book a little disappointing. This disappointment mainly stemmed from the lack of depth spent analysis the assertions that it made. My expectation was for something a little deeper and more scientific that what was presented.<br /><br />Although there was some good information in here again it seemed to me that book spent too much time revisiting topics and recommending additional reading. I agree with the premises raised by the author but would have liked to have seen more case studies and perhaps more evidence as to why people not as motivated by things such as money.<br /><br />All in all, I don't think there is anything really earth shattering contained in this book as it is all common sense and information that is available elsewhere. The book is easy to read and not particularly long and does tend to regurgitate the same information. To my way of thinking a little longer and a bit more in depth on the topic would go a long way to improving this book.
B004SEVPWQ|1.0|Doesn't work on EVO 4G...dragging cue ball doesn't work.  Can't even get past the cue ball repositioning stage.  Help instructions are basically useless...especially for someone that hasn't bought too many games in the past.  I'm deleting this app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very fun littel to be annoied with and last but not least so many choices I rate this. 5star brig out
B0062NAX1U|5.0|God used this movie to touch me in such a profound way! I cried like a baby. I took my dad to see it and he cried like a baby too. After the movie many people just kind of sat there with tears in their eyes kind of thinking about what they had just seen. I hope every one sees this movie!
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Let me start off by saying that I'm an consummate audio snob. I work in the pro-audio and recording industry, and I have little tolerance for bad sound. I originally bought a headset from a company whose professional products I deal with on a regular basis. Unfortunately, their gaming headset neither lived up to my expectations nor proved to be compatible with the controller I use. Needless to say, when a friend recommended this Turtle Beach headset (Turtle Beach??? Who the heck are they?), I was immediately skeptical. Man, was I in for a surprise. This headset sounds amazing. The X41's psychoacoustic interpolation of Dolby's surround sound encoding is so good that when a helicopter flies overhead in Battlefield 3, I instantly know exactly where in the sky it is. I've taken out more than a few would-be knifers too, just because I could hear the gravel crunching under their feet as they came around from behind me. The realistic experience that these headphones provide is simply incredible. The communications side of them is also pretty good. The microphone is perhaps a bit too sensitive and it tends to distort a little. I've also had a few issues with minor feedback, but I suspect my controller is the problem, not the X41. Overall, I not only would recommend this headset, I often have in the short time I've had it.
B0042MDAL8|5.0|I bought these for my wife as a gift.  We both love the series but only had seen it on DVD.  I thought it would be nice to have them in a blu-ray version.  I have to say these are MUCH better and worth adding to your collection for sure.  If you love Twilight then blu-ray versions are a must have!  [[ASIN:B0042MDAL8 Twilight Saga:  Eclipse [Blu-ray]]]
B005WMADYE|5.0|This is what I wrote regarding the Blu Ray version of the film, which can also be found on Amazon:  I'm not here to review the film. Many of the other reviewers on amazon, youtube, and the rest of the internet have already done an amazing job. I'm here to appeal to the frugal buyer; the guy or gal who may be wary about parting with his/her hard earned money to view a 102 minute anime film.  I know how some of you may feel. I've been spoiled by the likes of Redbox, Netflix, and the internet. I thought \\"I would have to be insane to spend $20 on a single blu ray movie.\\" I took a chance anyway.  I don't regret my purchase. I regret thinking that the money was an issue.  This film is more than just that. It's an experience. One that I will never forget.  Even if you are not a fan of anime, techno, sci fi, cars, racing, whatever. You owe it to yourself to BUY THIS THING and see it for yourself.  You may be thinking \\"I can just watch it on the internet, no big deal.\\" Don't do that. Not because of the whole nasty piracy issue, or morality, or anything like that.  You'd only be cheating yourself out of a truly breathtaking experience.  On a less serious note, I recommend that first time watchers, even the purist crowd, should choose the English dub, IMHO. The ENTIRE cast of major and minor characters is fitting and excellent. You really don't want miss ONE MILLISECOND of the brilliant animation.  Remember, you can only see Redline for the first time once.
0141329394|4.0|\\"Hound of the Baskervilles\\" is a unique story in the Sherlock Holmes canon -- author Arthur Conan Doyle wrote it in the years between Holmes' death and his resurrection several years later.<br /><br />But due to public pressure, Doyle brought Holmes and Watson back temporarily for a sort of \\"memoir\\" tale, a tale of supernatural curses, escaped convicts and ghastly glowing hounds. It suffers a little from a lack of Holmes, but is otherwise a tightly-written, solid little mystery.<br /><br />Sir Charles Baskerville was found dead of a heart attack -- apparently killed by a family curse in the shape of a giant dog. So his pal Dr. Mortimer asks Sherlock Holmes to protect Charles' heir, Henry Baskerville, who has just arrived in England to claim his estate and inheritance.<br /><br />But even without Holmes, Watson can tell that something is up -- secretive servants, peculiar neighbors, an escaped criminal, a giant quicksand marsh, and the sounds of a dog howling in the night. But Holmes knows that the curse is no supernatural hound -- and that Sir Henry is in danger from a more real kind of ancient enemy.<br /><br />\\"Hound of the Baskervilles\\" stumbles in one area -- the relative lack of Holmes. He's out of the picture for most of the book, and Watson does plenty of solid detecting on his own. Everybody loves the faithful narrator, but Watson isn't the Great Detective, and the book feels vaguely incomplete without Holmes inspecting clues and giving little hints to Watson.<br /><br />The mystery unfolds at a languid pace, dropping a few red herrings along the way. Doyle pays loving attention to the dangerous, almost surreal Grimpen Mire and the surrounding countryside. But when Holmes comes back onto the scene, the book tightens itself up. All the plot threads rapidly slip into place as the real \\"hound\\" is uncovered.<br /><br />Holmes' steel-trap mind is untarnished here, especially when he reveals what he figured out at the end. He's especially likable in an endearing scene at the beginning, where he educates Watson on deduction. But this is Watson's turn to shine, since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance.<br /><br />\\"Hound of the Baskervilles\\" is a short, satisfying Holmesian mystery, which is only hampered by Holmes' absence for about half the book. Solid work, and a good introduction to the Holmes series.. But this is Watson's turn to shine, since he spends a long time gathering clues and even solving a sub-mystery without any assistance.  \\"Hound of the Baskervilles\\" is a short, satisfying Holmesian mystery, which is only hampered by Holmes' absence for about half the book. Solid work, and a good introduction to the Holmes series.
B005WMQ5R8|5.0|I'm not here to review the film.  Many of the other reviewers on amazon, youtube, and the rest of the internet have already done an amazing job.  I'm here to appeal to the frugal buyer; the guy or gal who may be wary about parting with his/her hard earned money to view a 102 minute anime film.  I know how some of you may feel.  I've been spoiled by the likes of Redbox, Netflix, and the internet.  I thought \\"I would have to be insane to spend $20 on a single blu ray movie.\\"  I took a chance anyway.  I don't regret my purchase.  I regret thinking that the money was an issue.  This film is more than just that.  It's an experience.  One that I will never forget.  Even if you are not a fan of anime, techno, sci fi, cars, racing, whatever.  You owe it to yourself to BUY THIS THING and see it for yourself.  You may be thinking \\"I can just watch it on the internet, no big deal.\\"  Don't do that.  Not because of the whole nasty piracy issue, or morality, or anything like that.  You'd only be cheating yourself out of a truly breathtaking experience.  On a less serious note, I recommend that first time watchers, even the purist crowd, should choose the English dub, IMHO.  The ENTIRE cast of major and minor characters is fitting and excellent.  You really don't want miss ONE MILLISECOND of the brilliant animation.  Remember, you can only see Redline for the first time once.
B0063GORYU|5.0|a challenge worth taking; almost as much brain power as backgammon.  No wiggle room in Spider.  Keeps seniors' grey matter active.
B0036TGT3E|4.0|MOVIE is 5 stars. However the DVD does not have ANY of the extensive features listed in the description. What scam! They make it sound like having both formats have the features but this is not true. The DVD only has the 'Lion King: A Memoir\\" a 28 or so minute look behind the scenes.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I love angry birds. it is fun. I love the new bird. the pigs are so cute. the black bomb bird is my favorite.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy  fun. to play no problems on the download or playing the game. I would and have highly recommended the game.
1451627289|5.0|I've only just started the novel but I can't put it down. However, I was startled by Harry's assertion, in his essay, and Al's comments, that the Daisy air rifle didn't shoot real bullets, even pretend ones. I'm pretty sure I had a Daisy air rifle and that it shot BBs. Maybe a BB doesn't qualify as a real bullet but Al's comments seem to even preclude those little copper spheres.  Not a big deal but I'm curious. Can anyone enlighten me on this?
B0063IH60K|5.0|solitaire is so much fun! Everyone should try it!!! I really  enjoy this app. I play solitaire a lot now. Good bye
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|a w e s o m e awesome awesome totely. I love angry birds. who does not love angry birds.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a fun way to pass the time. my 4 year old loves it too. it's pretty cool for a free app.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I like the Bible plans.  It makes it easy to keep up with reading the Word, without the time required for a guided group.
B0025KVLTM|5.0|Now I have more Beatles songs to enjoy and listen to over and over again. I am very happy with this purchase. Good price, very fast shipping. Thank you very much
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is s great game its fun and you keeps you coming back for more with so many games there's no being bored. plus I'm just doing this because I get ponits for doing this
B005GFPZYK|5.0|I haven't finished the book yet, but have read most of it, and it is exceptional. Being one that is tired of politically correct speech, I find Chris refreshing. I also thank him for his service to our country and his extraordinary ideals.  Having been raised to adhere to, and admire, individualism, among other traits, my hat goes off to Chris Kyle.  The book starts out with a little too much time spent on Navy SEAL training (personally, I have read enough books on the subject) but, after this, the book shifts into high gear and gives the reader the unblemished truth on what Chris, and others, experienced while protecting American citizens' freedoms. Let us not forget!
B005K17RU0|5.0|this app works wonderfully on my kindle!  i get a detailed forecast and everything.  i just wish i didn't have to enter a new city if i travel but otherwise its great.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a lot of fun!!! love all of the different options in game styles. so addicting!!! would definitely reccomend to friends to play!!!!!
B00005MKA3|5.0|SURVIVAL is such a powerful and deeply lyrical album it blows the imagination!  Next to EXODUS it's probably Bob's deepest and most profound release post the break up of the original lineup that included Peter & Bunny and that's saying something.  His African Oneness and Rastafarian belief's comes through loud and clear with this album.<br /><br />Critics and even some fans felt he had \\"gone soft\\" with the release of \\"Kaya\\" the year before this album.  SURVIVAL quickly dispelled those rather ridiculous theories and is one of the most poetic and deeply profound albums ever to be released.  It is chalked full of such powerful and heartfelt themes and truly takes several listens to grasp the full nature of what's being said.<br /><br />This album affected me much the same way EXODUS did when I first heard it, such strong and moving lyrics and music compositions that hearkened back to classic smooth R&B/Soul rhythms that Marley and The Wailers grew up listening to and being marveled by.  There was much controversy over the album cover which included all the major African Nations Flags which was one of the greatest displays of African Unity any artist had every openly portrayed up to that time with the possible exception of Earth, Wind and Fire.  I've heard people state that Bob Marley and The Wailers only recorded Reggae songs with no foray into other genres and this is false.<br /><br />There are, as previously stated, very strong R&B vibes to this album as well Jazz oriented compositions which are the perfect canvas for the lyrical masterpieces such as \\"Zimbabwe\\"; \\"Babylon System\\"; \\"Survival\\" and \\"Africa Unite\\".  One of my personal favorites is \\"Top Rankin\\" which is one of the heaviest songs Marley ever recorded.  I love everything about this album, is arrangements, recording and production, The Wailers, in their present incarnation, and I Threes are in top form and Bob is his usual poetic self dropping knowledge on all and forcing them to go deep within.  That is truly what sets him apart from so many other songwriters and why his songs today are beloved by countless millions worldwide.<br /><br />This is truly a wonderful journey and I would recommend this album for anyone looking to enjoy great lyrical content and a wonderful musical journey.  This was one of his absolute best and it amazing that he was able to produce such a masterpiece on the heels of what Time Magazine calls the most important album of the 20th century and I agree!  His career which was about to come to an unfortunate and tragic end as his illness would in very short order take him from us.  This is a true classic and one that once again affirmed the true genius of Robert Nesta Marley.  May he continue to rest in the peace that he fought so strongly for both for himself and so many others.ly what sets him apart from so many other songwriters and why his songs today are beloved by countless millions worldwide.<br /><br />This is truly a wonderful journey and I would recommend this album for anyone looking to enjoy great lyrical content and a wonderful musical journey.  This was one of his absolute best and it amazing that he was able to produce such a masterpiece on the heels of what Time Magazine calls the most important album of the 20th century and I agree!  His career which was about to come to an unfortunate and tragic end as his illness would in very short order take him from us.  This is a true classic and one that once again affirmed the true genius of Robert Nesta Marley.  May he continue to rest in the peace that he fought so strongly for both for himself and so many others.
B000FA57NK|3.0|In my opinion, it would be EXTREMELY helpful if Amazon would NOT throw ALL of the reviews for any given product into one bucket.  In this case, the review would be for the (defunct) HDDVD version of Apollo 13. This version is NOT the Blu ray version (3 of them in Blu ray), The Blu ray version has moderate to terrible graining in various portions of the movie. This HDDVD version needs to be segregated from those Blu ray & regular dvd versions so one can get an accurate appraisal of THIS movie without having to weed thru all of the other reviews that do not pertain to THIS selection. I would like to see an accurate opinion on THIS dvd so I can make an informed decision as whether to purchase it.
B00005MKA1|5.0|I've read articles, commentary and heard people accuse Robert Nesta Marley of going soft on KAYA as it's easily the most laid back and relaxed LP in his vast and magnificent catalog.  By the time of it's recording, in 1977 during the sessions that produced the Masterpiece EXODUS, he and the new incarnation of The Wailers had hit their creative stride.  Much controversy surrounded this album for several reasons not the least of which was it's title and people initially thought these were \\"leftover\\" songs form EXODUS.  Nothing could be further from the truth,this is an album where we found Bob in a relaxed state, perhaps for the first time in his life and these songs reflect that.<br /><br />On EXODUS there were traces of his more reflective side as well, however, it was still dominated by the themes of Rastafarian knowledge and African revolution and unity which were at the heart of both Marley's music and genius.  But KAYA was something different than what the music world was used to from The Wailers, an almost \\"at home hanging with the boys & girls\\" feel.  It's about the love of Jah, women, wine and ganja.  No overtly revolutionary themes in these recordings, Bob was showing us something few had ever seen or heard from him, having fun and finding peace with where his life was at that time.  And I for one happen to absolutely love it!<br /><br />This is a great album and a fine part of his legendary catalog, it must be viewed for what it is a fun & reflective album, nothing more or less.  He was showing his range and variety as a sonwriter, things that should and are praised for other well known and historic artists.  He gave us such wonderful, revolutionary and incredible themes in EXODUS, that I think he wanted to show some variety and do an album from a different & more relaxed approach and KAYA fits that mode of thinking.  People are always trying to lock artists into one or two themes never allowing for them to express another side of their thoughts or personalities.  This is a laid back Bob Marley and their has to be room for relaxation for each and everyone of us.<br /><br />This album mostly suffers from having to follow the album voted by Time Magazine as being the greatest of the 20th century!  It's a different album altogether and was released a year after he had blown the world away with EXODUS, that's why, in my opinion, KAYA has be given such a bad rap by many.  However, I think it's one of the most refreshing albums he recorded and I would highly recommend it for anyone whose a fan of The Wailers which at this time included: Bob Marley - lead vocals, rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, percussion; Aston \\"Family Man\\" Barrett - bass, percussion; Carlton Barrett - drums, percussion; Tyrone \\"Organ D\\" Downie - keyboards, percussion; Alvin \\"Seeco\\" Patterson - percussion; Junior Marvin - lead guitar; Rita Marley - backing vocals; Marcia Griffiths - backing vocals; Judy Mowatt - backing vocals; Vincent Gordon - saxophone; Glen Da Costa - trombone.<br /><br />This would be a nice starting point for anyone looking to get into Bob Marley's music for the first time.  It was truly one of the gems of Marley's solo albums after the breakup of the original band that included the legendary Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer.  This is a complete albuma and in hindsight, many have come to realize both it's importance and brilliance.ities.  This is a laid back Bob Marley and their has to be room for relaxation for each and everyone of us.<br /><br />This album mostly suffers from having to follow the album voted by Time Magazine as being the greatest of the 20th century!  It's a different album altogether and was released a year after he had blown the world away with EXODUS, that's why, in my opinion, KAYA has be given such a bad rap by many.  However, I think it's one of the most refreshing albums he recorded and I would highly recommend it for anyone whose a fan of The Wailers which at this time included: Bob Marley - lead vocals, rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, percussion; Aston \\"Family Man\\" Barrett - bass, percussion; Carlton Barrett - drums, percussion; Tyrone \\"Organ D\\" Downie - keyboards, percussion; Alvin \\"Seeco\\" Patterson - percussion; Junior Marvin - lead guitar; Rita Marley - backing vocals; Marcia Griffiths - backing vocals; Judy Mowatt - backing vocals; Vincent Gordon - saxophone; Glen Da Costa - trombone.<br /><br />This would be a nice starting point for anyone looking to get into Bob Marley's music for the first time.  It was truly one of the gems of Marley's solo albums after the breakup of the original band that included the legendary Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer.  This is a complete albuma and in hindsight, many have come to realize both it's importance and brilliance.
B0055SWM08|5.0|this game is so fun. it is deceptively simple but makes you think.  I have never been so intertained  on my kindle in a long time.  worth the money
B000J670ZI|5.0|This is such a fantastic classic comedy it's almost impossible to start pointing out all the reasons why it is such a classic comedy.  The chemistry between Hepburn & Grant is wonderful as they demonstrated in at least 2 other films I'm familiar with. Of course it's a romantic comedy with a good lot of slapstick & silliness thrown to just be fun.  And this film is fun with a lot of over the top acting that you would see more on live stage than film, but Grant was always capable of pulling this off, like in \\"Arsenic & Old Lace\\" with another great cast.  Don't miss this one because not only is it all of these things, but the guy gets the girl in the end & that's what really matters.
B0063IH60K|4.0|an excellent way to kill time just like the real thing. has the look and fell of the real thing I highly recommended
B00008WT5C|5.0|plenty of great rock and roll on this album! A must have for AC/DC fans to have in their collection.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun games, have to get points to unlock more games but its fun. id recommend It. ads aren't that bad, just click no and continue play.
B005CKPQ7A|5.0|I enjoyed watching this a lot. The character development, acting, scenery, sounds, direction, and music to this was phenomenal. I began watching this show for the first time about 2 weeks ago. I concluded it at 4:10 AM on a Saturday night. It was that good! I don't want to give anything away. You have to see it for yourself. The first few episodes were a bit dull but it escalated soon thereafter. Best 20 bucks I have spent in a while. I would do it again.
B0063IH60K|4.0|fun and easy. easy to play.<br />you can play winnable or random depending on the mood you are in. one of the better I have played.
B003Y74KCK|3.0|The case is a bit big for my iphone.  I do like the fact that you can easily press all of the buttons, but the case needs to be made a few cm smaller to tightly fit the phone.
B0000844I8|4.0|Stargate 1 (often abbreviated as SG-1) was a science fiction television series that ran ten seasons and 214 episodes.  This is the movie that started it all, and a must-see if you are contemplating starting the series, which starts two years after the events of this movie.  We did so because we have teenage children who like to watch a family show on Sunday nights with dinner.  We try to select a show that will entertain everyone, and this certainly did (despite some limited nudity to which we had to yell \\"shut your eyes\\" - it was a surprise, and that is why I am warning you now - don't have your kids watch this ultimate edition without knowing about the brief nudity - and yes, there is violence too).  We watched the first SG-1 episode, everyone liked it but did not understand some of what was going on, so I bought this movie (and we all watched and enjoyed it) and then we went on with the series (which is streaming free with your subscription on Netflix, 1997-2006).  We also watch with the subtitles on to ensure a full understanding of what is being said.<br /><br />The basic concept of the movie is that an interstellar teleportation device (i.e., a \\"Stargate\\") that was found in Egypt in 1928 leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra.  This film is strongly plot-driven.  None of the acting is spectacular, but Kurt Russell is enjoyable as formerly retired Special Forces Colonel Jack O'Neil, and James Spader plays Egyptologist Daniel Jackson, a down-on-his-luck linguistics professor.<br /><br />Overall, an enjoyable and entertaining movie.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Nice app. I found a little difficult initially because I did not realize I needed to download each version before I could use it offline.
0375758992|1.0|I don't get this book.  I didn't learn anything about the history of the place.  The author is not so interesting that I need to know about her nor is her family.  Why are they there? I don't get the father at all - his character is not well developed and it just seems like they are a bunch of drunk gypsies with no moral compass.  Not sure what the point is and have no idea why this is such a book club mainstay.  Yuchi!
B001E5FYS8|4.0|This is a very compelling account of an interesting and daring high-wire walker.  The DVD comes with some worthwhile extras which add to the story told by the feature film.  I've recommended this film to members of my family.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|this game is a lot of fun. it takes too long to get to the challenging levels, but I still give it high marks.
0307269752|1.0|This book was so boring.  I don't understand why people are crazy about it.  For half the book nothing happened and when something did happen, it seemed to be for shock value.  The writing was very flat if not choppy, and maybe it was the fault of the translator and not the author. People have the right to read for themselves but I personally did not like this book.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|OMG with this game my kids can play this all day. They not only love it I think they get so hooked they dont want to put it down. I thin it is a good game makes they think of how they can complete the level with limited amount of birds.
145162445X|5.0|I don't understand why this book has to necessarily exclude any possibility of a Creator  As a Christian, the questions that this book attempts to answer have weighed upon me very often. I am a scientifically oriented person, and i have always tried to reconcile the science of current mainstream physics in regards to the origin of the universe and my own faith, and more fundamentally, if there is a Creator, who then created the Creator?  Why couldn't the existence of our Creator (that we as human beings understand from religion and theology) be explained by the theories in this book. This would reconcile the \\"Who created the Creator question\\".  Surely after one reads this book, one can appreciate that other beings or elements, or physical laws of nature can exist outside of our understanding and capacity to comprehend. In an infinite universe, there are so many things that we have not been exposed to, including laws of nature and the universe (rather than laws of physics) that we simply have no idea of.  Perhaps this universe from nothingness spawned an all knowing, all present and all powerful Creator and God that created the beautiful, organized nonrandom universe that we know of. It would certainly help to explain how such order came from apparent randomness and disorder.  I simply can't attribute the order of our limited current understanding of the universe to randomness and big bangs, etc.  There is an intended Design.  If the Designer and Creator, and other unknown spiritual and physical beings spawned from this nothingness, that is something that i can understand and wrap my head around.  I do realize that this link from Nothingness to Creator to our Universe does depend on reconciling what this Creator consists of (\\"spiritual matter\\" as a theologic phsysicist would say) and reconciling the authors scientific theories to this \\"spiritual matter\\"  However, with 400 billion galaxies, there must exist forms of matter that we have no concept of.  I don't intend for this review to be a debate topic, but rather pose the above as something that one can consider when reading this book.  I am simply trying to think outside of the traditional scientific box.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Very fun and addicting games. However, not a 5 star game. Yet very original. The different type of games makes it refreshing each time you play.
014312093X|1.0|Really hard to read and understand what's going on.  Also incredibly boring and slow.  No action that you'd expect from a spy story.  Language is sooooo 1950s British English - I had to \\"define\\" just about every other word and phrase on my iPad.  Stay away unless you are in for the torture or were born and raised in England pre-1950 and have lots of time in your hands to be able to reread pages several times in a row to even understand what's going on.  Movie is even more boring.  Instead of simplifying the plot - they just skipped important parts and thus made the whole thing even harder to understand.  At least after reading a book you could fill the omitted pieces as you know why things happen the way they are.
B0053TMP24|4.0|this book is good but the problem is the ending. I wont give it away but im just saying it leaves you hanging
0399250395|5.0|My Grandkids love this book. The Eric Carle illustrations are beautiful. Lots of different pop-up things to do. The book is fragile so we always read it together.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I lolike this game a lot it is a lot of fun I'm glad I got :his game for my kindle gay me woof woot
B006YJIIC8|5.0|...but it's really good.  As your typical American male in 2012, if you'd have told me I would get into a period piece about an aristocratic, early 1900's English family and their servants, you would have been talking to a doubtful person.<br /><br />It just goes to show that setting doesn't matter nearly as much as writing, acting, and especially character development.<br /><br />If you are on the fence, give it a try.
B005XT1XT0|5.0|These dudes are hilarious! I grew up worshipping the 80's hair bands and loving their \\"It's all about me\\" attitude. When Penelope Spheeris released Decline of Western Civilization II I was exposed to the mindset and attitudes of the 80's metal gods. It was all about sex, drugs, booze, not having a job, partying, and getting IT as often as possible! What guy in his right mind would want nothing less? This band has delicately crafted the ultimate and painstakenly built a metal monster that would make Dr. Frankenstein proud. Rock on, Steel Panther, (wiping a tear from my eye) Rock on!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I liked the games a lot. they are fun to play. my only complaint is all of the adds. they get old fast.
B0053YGYO4|5.0|Coldplay is one of my favorite bands and their latest album does not disappoint. My favorite song is \\"Charlie Brown.\\" Chris Martin sings it so soulfully. It's a truly beautiful album. Coldplay has once again left me speechless and eagerly anticipating their next album.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game if you win then youbwill get4000 dollars and on the next page if you win a game you will get5000 I just love it
B006PKQQJS|2.0|This game is awesome when it works, aka the first time after I got it.  Now it just crashes everytime I tried to open it.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|First of all, I'm a newbie at pc/xbox gaming. I mostly play racing games, I'm newbie on FPS, I love Bad Company 2 but don't play MW3 that much. And this headset is supposed to be great for MW3.  It works great when I play MW3. I can hear everything, like enemies behind the wall, sneaking up to me thanks to Dolby surround. But since I'm a noob, I end up getting killed anyways :p haha  I didn't rate this 4 stars just because I'm a noob.  Here are the annoying parts.  -Battery  Eats up batteries fast. It uses 2 AAA batteries, I haven't timed yet but I think they only last about 3 hours.  The worst part is, the batteries \\"die\\" even when they are not fully used.  I have a Sony battery life checker thing, I put a battery in the machine, it tells me how much power is left. Shows by red-almost dying, yellow, green-new. 3 lights so I guess 33.3% per light.  After the batteries \\"die\\" in the headset and I test the batteries, they still get yellow lights. All the time. So I assume the headset stops working only after it consumes 33.3% power/electricity from the batteries.  I am planning to get rechargeable batteries for this reason.  -beep sound  makes a bit violent beep sound when batteries \\"die\\" and headset turns off to stop working. Hurts my ears a bit.  -A bit confusing for PC use  I know this headset was made kind of exclusively for Xbox 360, but I think they should have put a normal headphone plug (those you find on Ipods) too. It shouldn't have been that hard to just put that cable or hole. Instead they give you a Toslink cable, luckily my PC had a hole for that. But not I can't use it on my laptop.  Good things? All the other reviewrs mentioned them. I'm happy I bought it, just the battery problem really annoys me.
B005HSL626|5.0|the only game that can compare with angry birds. the apps are not that bad. sometimes I try new apps but italways comes back to this and angry birds.
B00005LK94|5.0|The opening car wreck may be too intense for younger audiences.  I showed this to 5th graders while they were learning how humans can impact the environment and the species in those environments, but I skipped the opening car wreck scene.  I gave a brief accounting of how the young girl came to be living with her father.  The DVD has information about how the movie came to be along with information about Operation Migration.  This year my class tuned in to Operation Migration \\"tagging along\\" on the migration of cranes to Florida.  It's been a wonderful experience  ~ richly enhanced by their viewing of this movie.  [[ASIN:B000MPSX34 Fly Away Home]]
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Fantastic app that may revolutionize the way you use your phone and tablet. I no longer use pdf and epub readers on my tablet... i now use the pc software and SPLASH it over to my smaller devices... no more using limited functionality apps on Android!
1455510319|4.0|After listening to The Fifth Witness, I was really surprised to see all the negative reviews on Amazon for the novel.  The audiobook is a totally different experience.  Micky Haller has become a lawyer for clients fighting foreclosure.  One of his customers, Lisa Trammel, is accused of murdering the banker handling her foreclosure.  The story consistently held my interest (I listened to the entire novel in two days).  The characters were well-developed and complex, particularly the defendant and the prosecuter.  The narrator, Peter Giles, did an excellent job.  The ending was not a complete surprise to me but was very satisfying.  I look forward to more books in this series.
B004GYY714|5.0|this is the best radio app I have on my device this app works so great and it is so amazing
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I was pretty skeptically of this game to begin with, but I finally bought it and it's tons of fun! Some levels are quite challenging, and it's really entertaining.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love how this game has so many different games going on it keep me entertained for a long time.
B002LBKDYE|1.0|Lies, lies and more lies.  How this guy is considered a documentarian and not a fantasy director I will never understand
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I love the new version of this app. before I thought it was missing something but the new update has added a new level.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|there r lots of fun games. and instructions r given u can also rate the game to get free points. so I would get the game then rate it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it has a little bit of everything specially for people that like to try new things. I love this game I play it all the time.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|U have to use points to even get the games but other than that it is pretty fun only prov is points but u can get them from downloading other games to
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I just love these 117 games. jwkeo ejeie endhdue nekdoe ndbdue jendjei jwoenen ending. ie wkwjeb jejwie jejw eject ejwbwnekwb wje she ehw kw she wjebe ehw wnwje ehehs Eben ejebejwbwje she xgw syd ehx sj.
B004T0E2S8|4.0|it is a good tool to have. but what I don't like about is that requires Internet connectivity which kinds frusturating.
B000FC1HQY|5.0|I was glad to find this book about a white African because their story is not often told. I enjoyed the candid and often very funny stories of Alexandra Fuller's upbringing.
1439192812|5.0|Today I finished reading a book for children, or so it is styled: Richard Dawkins's \\"The Magic of Reality: How We Know What's Really True.\\" In it, Dawkins quickly runs the gamut of much of what science \\"knows\\" by way of exploring how it is possible to know anything, and what are the limits of what we presently know. I went into the book expecting more focus on the subject of epistemology itself, but found a heavier dose of scientific knowledge. That was fine, as it turned out, and the book does make for a good refresher course in the scope of knowledge about nature, physics, chemistry, biology, and probability. Dawkins's essential strategy is to make each chapter, e.g., \\"What is the Sun?\\" a dual essay. First, the author presents a number of myths that purport to answer the question. Then he presents the consensus of scientific knowledge that answers the same question. He does so to illustrate the insufficiency of myth and the strength of the scientific method. He acknowledges that many questions have not yet been answered by science, but argues that the lack of a scientific answer does not mean we should accept the mythological answer, but keep studying the problem until we have the scientific answer.  Many readers who rely upon myth (i.e., religion) for answers will find the book offensive, especially because Dawkins targets children, and because he steadfastly denies the acceptability of \\"mythological\\" (read \\"religious\\") answers. But on the other side of the argument lie plausible claims that religious indoctrination of children is nothing short of child abuse. Therefore, the sort of child that might ideally read this book would be one who is just reaching, or who has reached what is often called \\"the age of reason\\"--the point in biological development where the brain begins to work in rational terms and can distinguish between myth and reality. For the rest of us, reading such a children's book can help us catch up on all the science that has happened since we were in school, and also help remind us that reason is not an easy path, but the only path that can lay claim to empirical truths.  I for one continue to agree with J.B.S. Haldane, who said he believed the universe was \\"not only queerer than we think, but queerer than we are capable of thinking.\\" Science as we know it is still in its infancy, and many things we believe science tells us will seem childishly inadequate if and when we can keep from extinguishing ourselves and the planet long enough to learn and evolve to a state where we actually get it.
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|The soundtrack from The Descendants is beautiful, haunting... & REAL Hawaiian music.  The artists included are truly some of Hawaiian music's greatest & most influential artists.  MOM performed by Lena Machado [Lena Machado-Hawaiian Song Bird HOCD29000 Hana Ola Records]received two prestigious awards from the Hawaiian Academy of Recording Arts: 1998 Anthology of the Year & 1998 Liner Notes of the Year.  Lena Machado was known as \\"Hawaii's Song Bird\\".  Her lyric soprano voice delighted millions of people for almost half a century. Incomparable vocals, more than 60 lifetime compositions, & innovative arrangements influenced just about every Hawaiian falsetto singer after her.  It was named one of Honolulu Magazine's 50 Greatest Hawaiian Albums. AUWE performed by Slack Key Master Ray Kane [The Legendary Ray Kane-Old Style Slack Key -HOCD52000 Hana Ola]produced by George Winston,had slack-key enthusiasts around the world drooling - this was the one they had been waiting for. The complete classic early recordings made by the legendary Ray Kane playing \\"old style\\" slack-key guitar.  For his tireless work perpetuating & promoting slack-key he was awarded a National Endowment for the Arts Folk Heritage Fellowship, America's highest honor for a traditional artist, & he was also awarded the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award from the Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts. Ka Mele Oku U Pu Uwai is performed by Sol Hoopii's Novelty Trio [Sol Hoopii - King of the Hawaiian Steel Guitar- HOCD82000 Hana Ola]. Sol Hoopii is regarded as the foremost Hawaiian steel guitarist ever.  No other steel guitar player has been emulated more around the world than Hoopii.  He is considered a genius & possibly has the greatest picking hand of all time.  His speed & dexterity have rarely been duplicated.  He was known for his improvised blues like melodic ornaments, fast runs, syncopated rhythms, & various sound effects in chording & plucking.  This recording represents his finest work from 1927 -1936.
6304698658|5.0|This is a Christmas tradition for us and now we can watch it when we want and not have to search to find when it is showing.  Our time is now when we choose.  Great comedic tradition to the holidays!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|YouVersion Bible is very user friendly. Font size is big enough to read without straining your eyes. I have this app on my iphone as well.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This case is everything I could've wanted.  It works really well to protect my Fire and performs great as a stand when watching streaming video.  Highly recommend purchasing this case.
B000WGZGNS|5.0|I bought this DVD for my daughter and we've enjoyed looking at it over and over again.  Way to go.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Best Bible app with numerous versions.  Also gives several Bible study options.  I am enjoying reading my Bible more. Download, you won't be disappointed.
B004AHNIGM|5.0|Wonderful blues and great piano riffs are what you get from this great new solo album. Like a fine wine, Gregg Allman just keeps getting better. I listen to this CD almost every day, and I love it!
B0063IH60K|5.0|great app..play it every time I need something to make the time speed by! better than some apps I have paid for
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is awesome everyone loves it all it is for all aged not to complicated to solve the mini games
B0054JZC6E|4.0|really fun and it really pulls you in. i can play for hours. but the controls are bad for some games.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|device: Fire<br /><br />I had a terrible time making this one go in the beginning. I could see the tweezers, for example, and I couldn't pick them up no matter how I tapped. I don't know if it was me, the fact that I was using the free version, or what, but it was seriously annoying for a long time. After around the end of the first chapter (the free trial includes 2)that seemed to improve, and I was starting to enjoy the game when my trial version ended. I don't plan to buy the full version, so I can't vouch for beyond the second chapter.
B0052TDGQO|1.0|12 identically-sounding songs by another flash-in-the-pan pop singer with a freak-of-nature voice singing about the incongruousness of pretty women driving beat-up old (presumably pick-up) trucks.  What's the point?  Save yourself a few dollars by foregoing the CD; buy one 99-cent MP3 so you can say you have it, and move on with your life.
B004FOA84A|4.0|device: Fire<br /><br />I have to say that I really enjoyed this one, although I needed a walk through on occasion. The controls were effective, and the game looks nice. Most enjoyable hidden object puzzler!!
B0058EBNAO|5.0|When I plan to travel one of the first things I do is enter the zip code into this app. I can get a detailed weather report up to a week in advance and it's pretty accurate. The closer to the date the more accurate it gets. I use it almost daily at home and away.
B005LAIGH8|5.0|Possibly the most unique movie of the past few years. Oscar, played by Thomas Horn, carries the weight of the movie on his capable shoulders. He appears to be an autistic savant, possibly Aspergers syndrome. Oscar has lost his father in the twin towers attack of 9/11.  Here is what I found challenging- we empathize with his loss, but find it difficult to relate to him personally. Simply put- he isn't a very likable young man. He swears at the security guard and is rather mean to his mother; however,  I believe his story is one of the best portrayals of grief response I have ever seen. In real life, whether autistic or not, people don't always respond to life's trials with grace. It hurts... it hurts bad, and maybe the last thing they need are superficial pat statements such as \\"It will all work for good\\", \\"He is in a better place\\", or \\"He's still alive because he's alive in your heart\\".  Please note- I personally believe that these comments are true, but for the person in grief, they can be detrimental- each of the comments listed are also saying-\\"You shouldn't be hurting as badly as you are\\".    Oscar, on a quest to solve his \\"father's final mystery\\" is desperately trying to hold on to his father- the \\"only one\\" who really understood him. SPOILER ALERT- ENDING REVEALED BEYOND THIS POINT- While watching this movie, I found myself becoming  critical of the storyline. There were 2 growing issues. 1. Why were all these strangers allowing Oscar into their homes and lives? It seemed unrealistic to me, right from the first Mrs. Black that he visited. Why did she open the door? 2. Why was the mother so distant from Oscar? Sandra Bullock's character was grieving too, but she appeared to be nothing more than a movie prop.  Alas, I was so wrong on both accounts! She knew exactly what Oscar was doing, and had secretly visited all the Black's on the list in advance- to lovingly make her son's journey an easier one!  What a beautiful ending! What love this mother has for her child! She knows him- as well as her husband did. She is his guardian angel, his protector, and his champion. She understood what no other human being on the planet could have understood- Oscar needed this journey, this quest, in order to find peace- to make \\"sense\\" of something senseless. WOW!    One last point- I stated earlier that Oscar is not a real likable little boy- that too is wrong.  He is grieving, he is a bit \\"different\\", and he doesn't talk respectfully to adults- but... he is absolutely wonderful. I will never forget the wonder and beauty of one scene- He has harsh words with his mother, he leaves, but then stops... he whispers through the bottom of a closed door \\"I love you\\". He isn't sure if she is even there to hear it, but of course she is... she's always there. If you are a parent, especially if you have a child with special needs, this movie stands as a testament to the beauty of what you do each and every day. It isn't easy, and most will never know of the love and the sacrifices you make- but you are your child's angel... his protector... her champion!
0525478817|5.0|Last weekend I started my adventure of another John Green novel. I was so excited and made a post about my reading style for this novel(nice and slow).<br /><br />Friday night I finished this book. I had to finish. I was sitting at a crucial part of the story and just had to know how it ended. There are tons of reviews out there about this book. I have yet to see any who have not enjoyed this book. My goal is try offer something that does not sound like the rest.<br /><br />I have given pause to think about why I like his novels so much. What is it that keeps me coming back to his material? I think it comes down to a few things that are essential.<br /><br />1. His online presence - I look so forward to his videos with his brother. The videos have nothing to do with this books, but you are able to gain a glimpse into the mind of John Green. His rants about Catcher in the Rye or Great Gatsby show how intelligent he is. The videos also provide me a sense of his witty humor which help to bring his words to life when I read them.<br /><br />2. His writing style - is loaded with witty dialogue. He can capture a communication scene between two characters about the most simplest of things and make your head spin. I don't know if everyone enjoys this type of thing, but I live for it. For example(not a spoiler), the discussion in TFIOS about eggs for breakfast is such a clever dialogue scene and one in which I had to stop and think about. Why are eggs considered \\"breakfast\\"? Mindblowing!<br /><br />3. Authentic - is the only word I could think of to describe this final part of his writing, but I feel like there might be a better word out there. John Green does not try too hard to catch his reader off guard or go for the shock factor. He writes real life. This characters come to life on the pages and you cannot help but connect emotions with the characters. It is just a skill he possesses where you feel like his characters are real. He is not writing with a system that so many authors use anymore just to sell books. This book took him a long time to write. Did he rush? No, he took the time to write the story he wanted and it worked.<br /><br />This book was awesome! I did not see a few things coming and when they happened it was only the obvious choice to go, but with my attachment to certain characters I wanted something else. When I finished I realized that my wishes would not have worked.<br /><br />I have about 15 passages marked in my signed copy of the book. I really want to share them, but don't want to risk any spoilers to the reader who has not read or finished the book. However, this book will make it to my bookshelf of keepers along with his others. I have no choice but to go back and read his novels all over again to see what other parts of the stories I have missed.<br /><br />I give this book 5/5. It was the perfect read for me. It brought me back to reading YA and fiction. However, it is hard to find another book to read following this one.<br /><br />If you have not read this book, please do because it is so worth your time. If you have not read John Green, then you are missing out on some amazing characters.<br /><br />Perhaps a book club on this novel is in order? I might have to work on organizing this for an online group.<br /><br />Thank you John Green for making another lasting impression in my life with your stories. I look forward to discussing this book with others in Nerdfighteria.k took him a long time to write. Did he rush? No, he took the time to write the story he wanted and it worked.  This book was awesome! I did not see a few things coming and when they happened it was only the obvious choice to go, but with my attachment to certain characters I wanted something else. When I finished I realized that my wishes would not have worked.  I have about 15 passages marked in my signed copy of the book. I really want to share them, but don't want to risk any spoilers to the reader who has not read or finished the book. However, this book will make it to my bookshelf of keepers along with his others. I have no choice but to go back and read his novels all over again to see what other parts of the stories I have missed.  I give this book 5/5. It was the perfect read for me. It brought me back to reading YA and fiction. However, it is hard to find another book to read following this one.  If you have not read this book, please do because it is so worth your time. If you have not read John Green, then you are missing out on some amazing characters.  Perhaps a book club on this novel is in order? I might have to work on organizing this for an online group.  Thank you John Green for making another lasting impression in my life with your stories. I look forward to discussing this book with others in Nerdfighteria.
B0015DROBO|4.0|I have to admit, I almost put the book down. It was so slow at the beginning and all it talked about was financial reporting...so boring. But I decided to skip a few pages and continue reading because of all the reviews. I am so happy that I did. It was an excellent book. After the slow beginning I found that I read through the remaining pages without any problems and then had a hard time putting the book so I could sleep or eat or work. Ha! As a side note, there was no issue with skipping a few pages in the first part of the book. I didn't miss anything and it wrapped up nicely.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|This was the best box set I ever purchased. Best of all it can next day as promised!! The picture quality on the blue ray is something out of a syfi book. Thanks amazon for making shopping easier for me.
B006YJIIC8|5.0|AWESOME SHOW, awesome season! Not as good as the first but definitely worth it!!! WWI is on and it's affecting everyone and everything in the Downton Abbey world. Mary still has feelings for Matthew, Sybil becomes a nurse and Edith is still trying to find where she fits in. The Dowager Countess, AKA Maggie Smith, is still delivering the best one liners in TV history and the cinematography is, of course, spectacular. I can't wait for Season 3!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Fun games....it's very addicting ...easy to pass some free time. worth the download. you will enjoy it. have fun people.
0385535139|3.0|OK---I will put this out front.  I love reading John Grisham books--or at least I used to.  He (sometimes) tells fascinating stories---and I turn every page---but---his endings so often fizzle out.  He introduces characters in his book that seem as if they'll have a payout---and plot points that seem interesting---and then you get to the end of the book---hoping that he is going to come up with some kind of fascinating, creative ending---and discover---he never got around to that.  Am I the only one that feels this way? I am so curious what others think.  And to me that holds true in \\"The Litigators.\\"  What I hope for in a book--is that the author comes up with a creative---unusual way----to spin me around in what I am thinking is going to happen----and surprises me with something I didn't expect.  In the case of \\"The Litigators,\\" --- it didn't happen.  (and more than most of his books---this one was highly unbelievable).  You could predict how the book would end---(as much as you didn't want to) and --- well---Mr. Grisham didn't disappoint---he gave you an ending you expected.  But----I didn't WANT to expect it. I wanted him to have surprised me.  And that---is why I am usually disappointed with John Grisham books.  I just think he's lazy.  He can write in a way that makes you want to turn the page expecting something surprising---or----unexpected---but----he seems to me to have become a lazy writer----so often not delivering the goods we expect in a good/great novel.  He introduces plot points or characters (such as the older female Asian billionaire our hero meets at a bar) that we think will have an impact in the story---and then in the end---they have no impact except for a quick and pat resolution that has nothing to do with the key story.  There's no doubt he can write a good story that makes you turn the page ---I just wish----the story would spin around a bit and surprise me.  Instead, I feel that Mr. Grisham simply goes out to a nice dinner somewhere----isbored ultimately by the story he is telling---and brings it to ... an unsatisfying ending as he's ready to move onto his next book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app really does have over 101 games. some are fun others are stupid. you have to unlock the games though. you only start out with 10 games.
1932735410|4.0|I purchased this book because a classmate raved about the understanding she was receiving that was missing in the other books and lectures we have had on project management. Since I want to use the processes, tools and techniques of project management and do well on the upcoming PMP exam, I feel this book is excellent for me.  It has been great for my better understanding of PMI's PMBOK guideslines. It has introduced me to alternate ways of thinking and using the information. We'll see how using Rita's PMP Exam Prep helps me with the PMP exam in March 2012!
B0063GORYU|5.0|This is a fun game... fast paced... holds my interest.  The graphics are crisp and sharp...response is instaneous, Color is vivid!
0446573019|5.0|There is no reason to write or rewrite a synopsis of the book, many good ones have been written.  My review is short of simple.  Jack Reacher is a super charcter and like Reacher, John Puller is and will be a super character for years to come.  Some of Baldacci's books have been marginal at best.  Split Second, Last Man Standing, Wish You Well and Hells Corner were certainly not his best compared to Hour Game, Camel Club, Simple Genius, Absolute Power, The whole Truth, Total Control, The Winner, Divine Justice and Deliver Us From Evil which were senational books.  But Baldacci is certainly back.  This book is a wonderful read. While I did turn a few pages during the dicussion about how to make a nuclear bomb (because I had no idea of what they were talking about) the book is well written, exciting with great characters, a touch of sadness and certainly a new hero is on the scene.  I will look forward to the next John Puller book with great anticipation.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Rio is a hoot and so much fun. The antics of the birds leaves you laughing and when you fail you just start laughing and go back at it. A fun app that all the family will love.
B0063GORYU|4.0|just spider solitaire, nothing fancy.  don't need much more for spider solitaire.  how canyou complain about something that is free
B004SBQGHS|5.0|This game is a thrill a minute and so much fun. You cannot go wrong with Angry Birds. We play it daily and it is a stress reliever. Kids love it too.
B000J5XS3C|5.0|I use it with my small home studio. It works great with my MPC and multiple pairs of monitors/speakers. I highly recommend.
B004ZRV3AU|5.0|This product is simple to use and works well. If you follow the instructions in the manual, you'll be pleased with the results.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I have to say, this might be my favorite Angry Birds (especially with the Year of the Dragon update) Awesomely addictive, as always. Keep on fightin' dem' hogs lil' birdie's!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the game is.fun but reviews are annoying after every game!! I would recamend to all but if u hate ads don't get.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|awesome game I would recommend it. it is fun for the whole family. I play it all the time and never get tired of it.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I've seen my grandfather play this game on his computer, but never tried it myself till I got the Fire. This is a great challenge and a seamless app.
B0000042MY|5.0|Magnificent music and rare composition that entirely supports an equally glamorous and historical tale (the scenes are real events woven into a fictional story).  Must have if you have or tolerate artistic classical music and themes. It loses nothing for just being listened too, and is inspirational when used as background music for other chores.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Great option for someone who loves Angry Birds but hates playing on a small 4 inch screen. Plays very smoothly on my Fire and the graphics are crisp. I wouldn't recommend getting the HD version; the graphics in this version are high enough resolution for the Fire's relatively small 7&quot; screen.
B0043GXYBO|1.0|This book is supposed to be for teenagers. The lewd conduct alone says this shouldn't be for teens. Also a big issue the nonstop come to the darkside and think/believe the way we do or you are some kind of judgemental cretin was obvious and just plain ridiculous. It's like the writers said we are going to show the world how they should be tolerant of what we belive through the expression a vampire story. Let's add some perversion in the mix to shock and hopefully gain the audience attention. If they didn't try to shove their beliefs down our throat and cut back on the cursing,perversion and stuff. The book might have actually been enjoyable. But since they didn't it wasn't at least for me.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I was hesitant to get this game for my Droid 3, because I don't like playing games on its relatively small 4&quot; screen, but I love playing this on my Fire! This is a very inventive game, with lots of levels and addictive gameplay. Each new &quot;box&quot; introduces a new game mechanic, which keeps the somewhat simple concept fresh and exciting, and the art style and sound effects are cute without being overly &quot;kiddy&quot;.  I highly recommend this to each and every Kindle Fire owner, young and old.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I discovered this book when I was browsing the lending library so I figured why not?  I enjoyed it so much that I ended up purchasing Catching Fire and also Mockingjay.  Afterwards I purchased the triology for my daughter who enjoyed them as well.  We are looking forward to the movie.  Clever marketing to introduce the books at the lending library as I ended up buying 5 books that I never would of...and would of been cheated of reading such a riveting story.
B004SBX112|5.0|I'm not sure why this is getting so many bad reviews. I haven't encountered any adds while playing and the game runs incredibly smooth on the Fire. This is my favorite version of Angry Birds, and I'm glad I can play it on a bigger screen than my Droid 3!
B006TLFIAQ|5.0|Great movie, very intense and one I did not fall asleep watching.  Some parts were really violent but when your an assassin what would one expect.  What intrigued me even more was that it was actually based on a true story.  The stunts were fantastic.  Those stunt men earn every penny.  It almost seemed impossible anyone could actually live through all the beatings and be at one place just at the right time.  I give it an A+
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Ive used this App for 2 years with only one very minor problem.  I was trying to setup a reading plan and change the dates.  when I wasn't able to I went to the technical support webpage and sent them an email.  two days later I received a reply.  they had updated the app and I was able to change the dates.  great support for a great app.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|gotta have, allows a person to access the programs and files of their choice between a number of different devices. i can creat a document on my desktop or laptop, and evernote allows me to access those files from my droid or any other cmputr.
B004ZMWUCU|5.0|I loved this book!  Well deveoped characters, humor, suspense and an ending with a twist. What more could you ask for? Not a&#34;love story&#34;. It is story of the two who journey from loneliness to happiness.
630282091X|5.0|I find both the book and the video most magical.  I just wish that the video was available on dvd, since I don't have the VHS player anymore.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|It's scenarios like this that make one believe in the worst and best of human behaviors.  In the not too distant future there is no more America.  After an era of peace and prosperity America becomes a post apocalyptic country called Panem.  Panem is separated into 12 districts and a capitol.  Actually there were 13 districts (reminiscent of the 13 original colonies perhaps?).  The 13th district tried to uprise against the Capitol holding its people in check and they were summarily obliterated.  This resulted in the Hunger Games.  Ever year, each district's children, once they hit age 12, are involved in a drawing.  One boy, one girl.  What happens if their names are drawn?  They're forced to fight to the death in an Arena of the Capitol's choosing.  All for the mandated viewing pleasure of the Panem populace.  The purpose?  To keep the population in a state of fear of course.  How better to quell uprisings and protect the Capitol's gilded comforts and riches against future revolts by showing the ultimate power: that of the life and death over each district's children every single year.  The Capitol rules with an iron fist, using Peacekeepers to keep each district's people inside their barbed wire prisons.  Starvation and sickness are rampant in each district, all while the people of the Capitol eat the best foods, drive around in cars, have immeasurable technology.  Enter Katniss.  Teenager from District 12.  When her 12 year old sister's name is chosen during the 'reaping' (when the children are chosen to represent during the Hunger Games) Katniss does the unthinkable.  She volunteers to go in her sister's stead.  This book is similar to so many things.  Part Running Man, part Logan's run, part Roman Empire with the brutal exploits of slaves in the colosseum for the edification of the powerful and to keep the lower classes in check by distracting them with voilence..and the threat of violence towards them if they should get uppity...it's really very simple.  The means of controlling a population by keeping them in a state of fear..as well as a statement that no matter how advanced a society, if it bleeds it leads...  Filled with great characters, great dialogue and a rapid fire page turning pace, this is really a great read.  Part sci fi, part character drama, the characters jump off the page and you can't help but get attached to some of them.  Can't recommend highly enough! I'm going to start Catching Fire ASAP.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its Deff time consuming but i like it. n it even gives u a challange which i love. i would Deff reccomend it if u just want something to kill time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101-in-1 (+16) games is awesome!!! But I cant beat the first game on the first page. My favorite game is Shushi. It is so easy and simple and fun.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this app. It is definitely good for passing time. The only problem I have is some of the controls stick &amp; lag. But oher than that it works great and is fun to play.
B0009P5YXO|4.0|When I first got this, I loved it. It was sleek. It was compact. It lit up. It was sonic. I showed my friends and they were jealous. However, after only a few days, the little button that made it extend came loose, and through a series of events that still elude me, it came off along with a vital screw and the whole thing came apart. True, I was careless with it. It was kind of my fault that the thing came to pieces, but if you're more careful than I am, you'll enjoy it much more than I will.  Now, I need to get some glue
B006INDMEE|3.0|The Debt is ok and any movie with Helen Mirren is likely to be good.  But if you've seen Marathon Man, I don't think you need to see this as well.  The story line of The Debt is slightly different from other movies on this depressing topic, but not much.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|this game works great on kindle fire...great graphics...way better than playing classic missile command...no bugs that I have found yet...
B003AQBYUG|5.0|This blu-ray discs work in my old Panasonic DMP-BD60 player (Firmware updated) with no problem. I was a little bit worries about this All-Region discs but found no trouble. the picture qualities are really good considering the making years. I am totally satisfied with this product. One thing disappointed me was the case was delivered broken even it dose not affect keeping the discs. Because the price of this package is changing everyday, you should keep watching to get the best deal.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good games. enjoy the challenges and how easy it is to get points. easy for my Kidd to play as well
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Amazing, with updates EVERY holiday! Smooth gameplay. Make sure to buy the other titles by Rovio too! The 99. Cents is worth it!
076790592X|5.0|Inspiring, deep, wonderful to read, it will make you smile and laugh. Definitely the best book by Albom and for sure my favorite book ever.
B00280LYHS|5.0|I liked this book because it had an interesting plot ,and its characters are creative. it  is a book that you would not want to put down. This book will take you on an adventure because there is a lot of  fighting with monsters and evil people. you should really read this book and see if you enjoy it.
B00169N0BK|5.0|After years of trying to match what I see on my monitor to printer I have finally succeeded. Yes, I had calibrated my monitors and what ever else anyone told me to try, but it took the \\"colormuki\\"to make it happen. I now have my two printers and monitor profiled so that each will produce identical color targets and prints for matte, luster, and gloss papers. If you want color matching between monitor and printers, colormunki is your answer. It's worth every penny.
B0042VJ1PI|4.0|It took me a few chapters to get into this book. Once I did it was a great read. It was very much like how the television show is protrayed. Richard Castle can get himself into trouble. The chemistry between him and the detective keep you turning pages. I would have like to have a little more action but handcuffs to keep it interesting.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|Third book in trilogy did not disappoint.  This is my favourite contemporary romance series.  James knows how to tell a story and when to end it.  Well done!
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|This story has a little bit of everything. It a love story that never gets to truly experience a lifetime of sharing that love with that special person. Its about making some hard choices in life and in love. It also shows the ultimate gift of love. In the end, I shed a few tears because it was truly a touching story. If you are a Nicholas Sparks fan, it is a must read.
B000FC10MU|5.0|...except this book deserves it. The rare combination of a compelling, unique story and beautiful prose is so rare. I'm not going to rehash anything that happens in the book, that's doing any reader a disservice. If you love mythology and mystery and drama and humor, this may be destined to be one of your favorite books. It's one of mine.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I tried other weather app but this one wins hands down. gives me all the info I need. looks and works great on my kindle fire. widget feature is great for a quick snapshot.
0740748475|5.0|It made a great gift for my fianc and it arrived a day early! Definitely a hit with the entire family!
B0018OKR2I|3.0|never saw this movie before was a good one. love Al Pacino in mostly all he has made, also Sean Penn was a surprise in this movie
B005M5OSBK|5.0|Wonderful sampler of a band I always wanted to hear.  Catchy tunes, some jazzed up, some slower, will make even the darkest winter day seem brighter.  Please ask them to come back to Chicago!  well worth the price for over an hour of music.  The samples are great; the real thing is even better.  Buy it, you won't be sorry!
0525478817|5.0|To me, this book will always be special for one simple reason: as a sixteen-year-old male, this is the very first book I have read that made me cry. John Green has really outdone himself on this one, and I would highly reccomend this to anyone that wants a funny, thought-provoking, damn near perfect piece of awesome.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|thiwqeudjsjwj shwbchq ahxhchqhxhs ahdhchw. w shc. Wisconsin whx hwbxfbw, h evx &quot;Y's, id, id fhsv ul ixj wjdkcjd djdj dhdj
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I'm writing this review to get free points. but its keeping me busy. nice game. I like that there is many different kinds of games.
B005K17RU0|1.0|oh my my my...it just plain doesn't work on my epic 4g...the best weather report i can get is when I look outside the windows of my house and see if its raining or snowing...
B00009W0U4|4.0|Right off the bat you need to know Gaspar Noe's controversial 'Irreversible' is not for everyone. If you're sensitive to graphic ultraviolence and rape, than look elsewhere. This one's not for you. If you're easily prone to depression then don't even think about it. Told in a non-linear narrative, the film tells the unnerving story of a viscous sex assault of a beautiful woman (Bellucci) by a sadistic pimp in a pedestrian underpass and the two men (Cassel, Dupontel) out to avenge the act. Noe does not shy away from using dizzying and swirling camera work that might get some people a little bit nauseous, but I think it adds to the intensity in a sick sorta way, especially during one notorious scene in an underground gay asylum in the bowels of Paris involving a fire extinguisher. The film also contains one of the longest and most brutal rape scenes ever put on film, and nobody can deny the gorgeous Bellucci was indeed brave for a realistic and heartbreaking performance that so many other actresses would never have even considered. When it premiered in France in May 2002, it is said audience reactions to both the rape and fire extinguisher scenes \\"have ranged from appreciation of their artistic merits to leaving the theater in disgust...\\". Take it for what it's worth and come up with your own conclusions of the morals of the plot, but don't expect your run-of-the-mill Hollywood junk. 'Irreversible' stands in a class of it's own.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|its great to use since i dont have a stand alone kindle yet...and cant beat the price...free....only have 7 books along with it, but how many books can you read at once
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the other games cost too many coins to unlock so the games don't give you enough coins to unlock the other games.
B000002KB8|5.0|I spoke of how the original Black Sabbath album was my first taste of Sabbath in my review of the Black Box, and how I also thought it was a phenomenal introduction to the band. I will always stand by that, as this remains an excellent album, and it's due time I go into a little more detail. For my reviews of individual albums I like to rate each song individually in order. I'm basing everything around the 2004 remaster and not the 90 represented here. As far that goes, there the same thing, just 2004 is of better quality, but the 1990 one still suffices if it's all you can find or afford.  Black Sabbath- 5/5- The monumental song that started it all. Pretty much all that cane be said has been said about this track already. The opening effects coupled with the first few bars of the performance is a brilliant intro. Ozzy's first vocal is absolutely amazing and there has never been anything quite like the track, the first real doom music coupled with the speed up at the end is just excellent.  The Wizard- 5/5- Ozzy shows us that he can play harmonica well and it's just a great track overall, the bluesy influence is really felt in this one. Another well known classic track.  Wasp/Behind The Wall Of Sleep/Bassically/NIB- 5/5- It has enough titles, but it's still an excellent track. It's more of two tracks pushed together to create one great track, but Geezer shows off his ability to play bass greatly with some great soloing and wah-wah effects. A great solo to top it off makes this another excellent track on the album.  Wicked World- 4.5/5- A jazz influenced track that is great, but not quite up to par with the last 3 tracks, but like the rest of the album is excellent. Ozzy gives us a bit of a different vocal delivery that works well with the song.  A Bit Of Finger/Sleeping Village/Warning- 5/5- A nice suite to round out the album. A huge jam that has some really great parts and some great soloing by Iommi, some of his best ever in fact. Ozzy's harsh vocal works extremely well and similar to the last track the jazz elements are felt and some great cymbal work by Bill. It's a great way to end the original album  Bonus Track: Evil Woman- 4/5- Some versions of the album contain Sabbath's first radio single Evil Woman. If you can find one with it on it, I recommend it.It's a great track still yet, but to be honest in comparison to the rest of the album it's the worst song. Still great though.  Overall the first Sabbath album is a great album that everyone should own in my opinion. You can't go wrong with Sabbath really though, this is just the best place to start.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Ihave the talking Bible for my PC and this app has totalty replaced it.  I think it is the best I have used.
B0063IH60K|5.0|WONDERFUL solitaire! Smooth feel,great graphics. Love playing this, and the app is free! What more could you want,give it a try......
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I was alittle nervous buying a used dvd, but I was pleasantly surprised. This dvd was in great condition just as stated and the price was very good. I would recomend this seller!!
B006SVHOL8|4.0|Shot in style similar to \\"Traffic.\\" Realistic plot, acting not bad, nothing groundbreaking but a nice film for an evening at home.
1935670913|5.0|The book was slow on the take off, but that's probably because the actual<br />plan doesn't take that long to explain and it needed a little padding. As I<br />got into the thrust, I wasn't terrifically impressed until I realized that we<br />always tend to overlook the ordinary. When someone mounts the throne of success<br />and finally reveals his/her best kept secrets, peons scan the pages with a<br />festive eye to search out the AHA moment. You know... the one thing we overlooked,<br />didn't try, or thought was poppycock. The one iota that separates the \\"haves\\"<br />from the \\"have nots.\\"<br /><br />In all my years of research, I have yet to find one real AHA moment. It's natural<br />to think the author is trying to make a buck on a \\"secret\\" that we never quite see.<br />Like - what is he not telling us? The truth is, there is no one secret. It's a<br />combination of belief in one's self, investment, going the extra mile, and perhaps<br />most of all... good analysis.<br /><br />Do us a favor, John - write a book that teaches us how to analyze. Thanks for sharing.<br />I'll read this book twice and take notes of all the little AHA moments that made the<br />difference for you. Still - seems to me like your success comes from devoting yourself<br />to it full time and most of us are already swamped with full time work. We promote<br />ourselves part time. (By jove! I think I just found the AHA moment).<br /><br />Deborah Owen<br />CEO, Creative Writing Institute<br />[...]
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love the games they entertain you for hours.  some games are love some are racing.  they are very fun.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|works great on the kindle Fire it's faster then<br />pulling out the USB cable every time you need too upload a file to<br />the kindle fire.
B006R8GK2Q|1.0|This is the stupidest game in the history of stupidity! this game is WAY cheesy! the graphics are. HORRIBLE, the characters are HIDEOUS, and the dialogue is unrealistic. it is an overall TERRIBLE game. to tell you the truth, none of the G5 games are worth the five bucks they cost.
B0063IH60K|5.0|with the exception of the small annoyances. of pop up ads (they don't interfere with play)for more games very nice and easy to play and see.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Great game and game play. The cards are a good size and move easily. The games aren't too hard although you may have to replay deals a couple of times.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|tihsh shshhs hhhshh evhiei hueiiw euwiiej ehjsjdv duiiw. ejiwiw.  sjjeijs sjzjjdvr subroutine db shah dgev dvhe shhsheh shudder dbdjjd dhhe
B0054JZC6E|4.0|These games are a lot of fun to work on alone or alongside a friend or family member.  My daughter &amp; I have had a lot of fun together passing the different levels.  Yes, it can also been frustrating when it takes longer than expected to master a game!  :)
0312588887|5.0|I have read this book several times over the years, but recently read it again, and purchased it for a family member.  I never tire of reading it.  It brings to life my English heritage and reminds me of my grandmother, who worked as a housemaid in an estate in England before she came to America. A Woman of Substance is filled with graphic detail of life in England, with rich description of the moors of Yorkshire.  Ms. Bradford's character of Emma Harte is intelligent, courageous, resourceful, hardworking and unaware that she is breathtakingly beautiful.  There are a couple of tiny spots where ideals may be a bit dated, and the detail can be slightly tedious at times, but it is well worth reading.  I was never bored, and came to love the main characters and to despise the unpleasant ones, due to the in-depth development given by the author.  I do not want to reveal any of the plot, so will suffice to say that I love to read a variety of book types, but this one remains my favorite of all time... if you love novels about strong women characters you will love this one....
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love to play this time honored game electronicaly..No cards to loose, goes everywhere with me on my kindle fire...Absolutely no problems with the app.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|if it is stated that it does not work on certain devices you rate the game negantively anyway? what is up with that? oh and this.is a GREAT game! Go birds
B0034G4OWM|5.0|I can't imagine giving this less than 5 stars. It is so funny and silly and totally entertaining. From our little girl 4 years old to the great grandma at almost 70 we were giggling and laughing all the way. Great family fun.
B006UIYXL8|5.0|The movie opens in the 1960's. The FBI wants to investigate MLK and the SCLC, but RFK doesn't want to allow it until the FBI has a tape of JFK in a compromising position. The movie flashes back to Hoover's involvement in the Palmer Raids and the deportation of a US citizen, Emma Goldman. It uses the flashback method to show us events in the past that shaped Edgar's way of thinking. He was a stickler for details and liked science, especially that fingerprint thing. We also get a glimpse of his fight with organized crime and becoming a hero in the Lindbergh trial. The movie skirts his cross dressing save for a story told by his mother of another boy. It also touches on his homosexuality, but doesn't focus on it except for one scene (man kiss).<br /><br />Leonardo DiCaprio played J.Edgar similar to how he played Howard Hughes. The script brings out the complexity of Hoover as both a genius patriot and a blackmailing diabolical man. It shows him as reluctant to spy on reporters for Nixon and someone who disliked Joe McCarthy. An interesting movie for any history buff. It connects to our present era of terrorism and extradition.<br /><br />one f-bomb, the cs word, no nudity, shadow sex with noises.
B004YW4L5K|5.0|This book lives up to the hype. It's one of the most imaginative books that I've read in modern time. I couldn't put it down once I started. It makes you think, and it makes you feel. Can never get enough of Gaiman!
0375842209|5.0|This book is lovely! I started reading and couldn't stop. The story is engaging from the very beginning. I almost cried. I'm so glad I bought it in Spanish so my mother could read it. she loved it as well.
B004LWZW7E|5.0|First off I may be a little bias because I am a Justin Timberlake (as an actor) fan, but I really liked this movie.  It is a movie based in the future where the currency is \\"time\\" instead of money.  The people in the movie stop aging at 25 years old and get one more year on their life, but they can earn more time by working and of course stealing!  There is some killing, stealing, death, love, and action.<br /><br />Justin's character is a blue-collar guy who lives day-to-day, literally, and ends up with a whole lot of extra time on his life.  He decides to do some good but that raises questions and problems.  After meeting a girl, he causes more good and trouble.  While you could figure out how the movie was going to end, there was a few things that caught me by surprise.  I really like the story line of \\"time\\" currency and I would have never thought of anything like it, but it really makes you think about life.<br /><br />I think \\"In Time\\" is a great movie that I can definitely watch a few more times!  It is an entertaining somewhat-action movie.
0062112430|1.0|Love a disease? Great idea for a book, just not this one. So boring that I don't even want to keep writing about. I put it out of my mind before I even finished it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its a good way to pass the time when you dont have anything else to do and you have mutiple options its great
B000UJ24SC|5.0|This album will grow on you after a few listens.All the songs have a distinct feel about them while following a genral feel of the album.this album has traces of dissection in it,which is a great thing.nocturnal has a dark sound to it,with wonderful lead and rythm work.the solos are haunting and impressionable,while the riffs are intelligent enjoyable and memorable.the bass is audible,giving this album a balanced tone to match the guitars.the drumming is fast and percise without the fake feeling or sound.the vocals are a blend between highs that resemble black metal to an extent,and gutteral lows that are comprehenable.the lyrical themes are enjoyable.the song lengths all fit the songs perfectly.each song stands out a little more from the others each time you listen to it,so the best course of action to enjoy this album is to listen to it all the way through a couple of times.STAND OUT TRACKS-1-10 seriously the alum is that good.buy NOW
1455510319|3.0|In reading the novel; I had to search the book to get the title. I don't usually like to read a book and have to figure out why it was titled as such.  This book is ok; it is part of the Lincoln Lawyer series and not at his best words in my opinion.  I will do my best to not purchase any more of this series.  I found it boring and predictable.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|has a variety of games and keeps me pretty entertained getting points is sometimes boring but not too bad overall fun and unlocking games gives you something to work towards.yay
0446582778|4.0|I like him as a writer yet this novel was ok; it is not the best suspense novel you ever read.  A bit predictable and he could do better.  I enjoyed being entertained by him.
B005OK721G|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and loved it! Was glad to see it on here because I did all my Christmas shopping online this year.
B005VR9328|2.0|With The Roots, lyrics are always tight, but the beats are not very good.  I'm very disappointed, I've been a Roots fan since Illadelph Halflife, and I could not convince myself to buy this album on sale here at amazon when it was 1st released. After listening several times to songs here and on youtube, I just can't buy this one. The beats were always good, but not this time.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|The game is horrible but u try making 117 games u should read the app 101 games +16 more yes the game is horrible
0525478817|5.0|This book sucks you in. Truly sucks you in. I started reading and didn't stop until I was done, no matter how much my eyes complained and demanded sleep.  The main criticism of John Green's novels is that his characters seem too smart to be teenagers. They speak eloquently, use big words, and seem philosophical beyond their years. Those people obviously do not know John Green's audience. A great deal of them are active readers and when you are an active reader (of good literature), you tend to have a bigger vocabulary and are often accused of being pretentious. Shouldn't we be encouraging our kids to be verbose and deep? I attended the New Orleans stop of John's tour and he made a fantastic observation that sums up my feelings quite well. When he was asked to name his favorite books, and among them listed The Great Gatsby, the audience (made up mostly of people in their teens and early 20s) erupted into applause and cheers. John mused that the parents in the audience should be proud of having kids that cheer literature, and he is completely correct. This is the audience John writes for--teenagers that wear Great Gatsby shirts, sing songs about science, and that have most of the furniture in their rooms covered with books. The reason they know these big words is because they are written in a book that captures how they feel about love, and life, and video games. And Swedish hip hop.  Cancer isn't eloquent, but that doesn't mean those living with it can't be. They can be angry, and passionate, and scared, all feelings that John's characters experience. As you read, you'll fall in love with this book like one falls asleep--slowly, and then all at once. And then you'll stay asleep. Like...a coma. But a pleasant one. Because the sleep is a metaphor for love, and you'll stay in love with the book...get it?  Just buy the book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|wonderful game. had a problem at first with directions but worked it out in the end. Overral great games but a few were a tad on the stupid side.
B0063IH60K|5.0|good game, nice interface !!! good time pass . certainly recommended. to top it... it's free. can't beat that. must download
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i Love this app... keeps me busy! some of the games are difficult but they're really addictive! definatly worth buying
B004Y1WCDE|1.0|video lags, plays catch up or loads forever. probably one the worst app for streaming movies on kindle fire. why plex, why?<br /><br />until a major update comes out I would try Emit instead.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|This seems to be a bootleg edition of the movies. Someone seemed to have made a new movie & spliced in scenes from the original trilogy. Whoever did this should be arrested for making such bad movies & then trying to sell them under the Star Wars name. Avoid these at all costs.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the games are fun and entertaining. some are easy while others are hard. but you should get this game you will have fun.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|I really don't care for this game. they're low quality and unresponsive on the kindle. do not bother downloading it.
1611136954|4.0|I'm reviewing the audiobook version of the novel...unabridged. I checked it out from a local library and think it's the Hatchett version.<br /><br />First, the novel. It's a very good novel, well written and the plot has the usual Connelly twists and turns to keep the reader (or listener) guessing. My only gripe is this, and it's why I take one star off: The guilt or innocence of the defendant depends on whether she was near a parking garage, or not. A witness says they saw the defendant. Well, given everybody carries a cell phone these days (and the defendant has one), why not trace her travels with cell phone records? But this easy method would destroy the novel, so it's never mentioned.<br /><br />At first I didn't care for the male reader, but he grew on me. His voice isn't top quality, but he does a better job reading women's voices than other readers I've heard, in particular, the one who reads the Lee Child novels (Jack Reacher). He handles other men's voices well, adding realistic, different intonations without exaggeration.<br /><br />All told, a solid novel in the Mickey Haller series, and the audiobook is well done.
B005UT29Z0|5.0|this movie was a great surface-level interpretation on what went down leading up to the (ongoing) fateful period.  well worth the watch.
B004SKJTY6|5.0|Who would ever have thought that a speech impediment could be the centre piece of such a great film...  Firth was fantastic.
B005OLF6BI|5.0|I got this for Christmas, and I listen to this CD everyday! If you weren't able to go to her concert, this is the next best thing. The only song that wasn't available in the video was Ours.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Excellent tool.  Very informative.  Would suggest a button to push to get the info instead of it popping up automatically.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|An addicting game. It's good and it's free. some of the games are ridiculously easy though. The adds aren't too annoying.
0736092269|5.0|This item was in PERFECT condition. There is no writing and it appears to be never even opened. I was extremely happy with this purchase.
B0060ZJ74O|4.0|How do you build a championship team with smaller resources than other teams? \\"Moneyball\\" based on the book by Michael Lewis that documented how General Manager Billy Beane (Brad Pitt)for the Oakland A's used an unconvetional approach to put together a team on a budget--using computer analysis to draft players that will fill their slots but still allow them to reach their goal of the play-offs and, perhaps, the World Series. Since Bean can't afford the team that the Yankees can he has to find a way to out play them by finding undervalued players.<br />Beane taps Peter Brand (Jonah Hill) to help him find those players that can provide them what they need--to get on base and make runs.<br /><br />Pitt does a terrific job as Beane a former major league player who \\"had it all\\" but didn't end up living up to his potential. Pitt is ably supported by Phillip Seymour Hoffman as the team's manager who has an adversarial relationship<br /><br />The Blu-ray looks magnificent on Blu-ray with a sharp, colorful transfer with great depth and textures (this, of course, is the case for the film itself not for the TV footage that shows up in the film).<br /><br />Audio sounds terrific with an immersive DTS lossless 5.1 presentation that puts audio action all around your system. The film also features subtitles in English.<br /><br />The special features for this set are quite good as well. \\"Drafting The Team\\" focuses on casting the movie while \\"Adapting Moneyball\\" focuses on the challanges of making the non-fiction book into a dramatic film and combining two different drafts of the script one written by Aaron Sorkin and the other written by Steven Zallian. \\"Reinventing The Game\\" focuses on how Beane's approach helped revolutionize the game having an impact that helped other smaller market teams to make it to the World Series. \\"Playing The Game\\" focuses on MLB's involvement in making the film.<br /><br />Finally we get a couple of extended/alternate scenes as well as a brief gag reel.<br /><br />The set also includes a standard DVD as well as the dreaded Ultra Violet copy that allows you to stream the film (but only while online and only if you have an account which really does suck for those who want to watch this on their portable device).<br /><br />You don't have to be a baseball fan to enjoy \\"Moneyball\\" which gives us the story of an underdog team and their GM's attempt to give them some parity withy the big city teams.<br /><br />Recommended.dreaded Ultra Violet copy that allows you to stream the film (but only while online and only if you have an account which really does suck for those who want to watch this on their portable device).  You don't have to be a baseball fan to enjoy \\"Moneyball\\" which gives us the story of an underdog team and their GM's attempt to give them some parity withy the big city teams.  Recommended.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I just don't like having to unlock the other games. other wise, I think it is a very good time waster.
B0011UF79C|5.0|buy it, you'll love it.  Very good story and excellent actors.  You will never get tired of watching this movie.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I (A Gay Male Romantic with A Distaste For The Romance Novel Genre!) was probably THE LAST PERSON In The ENTIRE WORLD to:<br /><br />1) See The Movies<br /><br />2) Read The Books<br /><br />3) Who EVER Thought that I would become A Kool-Aid Endorsing + Making + Drinking Member of This Cult!<br /><br />But, on a lark, I decided to give them all a chance, for great new pleasures and experiences can only be found by trying new things.<br /><br />(BTW, this is one time I recommend you See The Movies and THEN Read The Books because it helps to give a MUCH clearer image of what the characters look and sound like. Usually Book Then Movie works better but this time follow The Exception rather than The Rule.)<br /><br />AND I AM SO GLAD THAT I DID!<br /><br />Yes, the Uber-Focus on Romantic Love and Object-Fusion in The Beginning and The Middle of the series is Fairly Female, Estro-Centric, Co-Dependent and Obsessive (Bella certainly is not A Selene, A Jean Grey, nor A Sidney Bristow And Book-Edward is A Little Too Fey for even This Queen!) but What Most People Fail to Realize, and that they couldn't have known or gotten -- until \\"Breaking Dawn\\" -- is that this series is ULTIMATELY about A Woman Finding her Best-Choice Guy, Actually Getting Him, Having A Baby With Him, and (with that aspect + to-do-list of the-life-cycle of a so-oriented woman who wants love + children in-life now successfully completed) then moving-on to Unlocking and Maximizing Her Personal Power IN EVERY WAY THAT SHE CAN for Her Mate, Child, Family, Friends, and Community which is basically THE FEMALE DRIVE and THE FEMALE VERSION OF THE ODYSSEY and one that THE VAST MAJORITY of The Females of This Species go through that many \\"people\\" amongst us are too Ignorant, Emotionally Crippled, or Just Plain Stupid to Understand.<br /><br />Twilight makes PERFECT SENSE to those who actually understand The Evolutionary Biological Science behind Female Psychology, Love, Marriage, and Reproduction!<br /><br />This is A Journey that Most Women and Evolved Men can get really get into and identify with but that Emotionally Crippled People just can't get or get into.<br /><br />In an odd way, people relentlessly trashing the Author and what the Twilight Universe has added-up to at it's conclusion is REALLY just yet another \\"covert\\" attack by The Usual Emotionally Crippled Patriarchal Forces upon The Emotional Core and To Do List of Most Women and an Attack On Femininity Itself.<br /><br />If you hate Twilight for a reason other then A English Teacher/Novelist Literary Critique of Stephenie Meyer's plotting and writing-style (which I actually happen to like) then you may as well just declare yourself to be a Misogynist and get-it-over with and/or as Margaret Cho once memorably said:<br /><br />\\"If you're NOT A Feminist-Humanist then You May As Well Just Kill Yourself!\\"<br /><br />What's nice about how the book and series ends...<br /><br />(And, Yes, A LOT MORE Vampire-Style Matrix-Fu/Zero G Fighting would be FAR Preferable -- and let's hope Fan-Outcry over a lack of it leads to some amping-up of -- to The Final Battle Sequence!)<br /><br />... in that it sets-up the groundwork for a return to this world later-on but with Trilogy 2 being about Renesmee's Own Journey and A New Love Triangle we can all (once-again and once-more-with-feeling) angstfully get-into!<br /><br />I realized another thing about this series during watching one of the movies when they are having one-of-many showdowns with The Volturi and Alice has to show-her-dream (of Edward and Bella as Vampires Running in Slo-Mo and Sparkling-In-The-Sunshine) to prove that Bella will get Upgraded-to-Vampire to Aro.<br /><br />I had a strange feeling of Deja-Vu said to myself:<br /><br />\\"This Looks and Feels so familiar to me, WHERE have I seen All Of This Before?\\"<br /><br />And then I remembered -- one of The Most Popular (Hetero) Super-Hero Couples of ALL Time The Six Million Dollar Man + The Bionic Woman -- about 35 years ago were also running together Sparkling-In-The-Sunshine, in Slo-Mo, and in Bell-Bottoms and they showed and hooked-much-of-the-world on what A Completely Equal + Complementarily Super-Powered Man and Woman could do together and how sexy True Equality, Complementarity, and Harmonization between The Male and Female Genders and Energies and Operating Systems could REALLY be.<br /><br />Twilight is not \\"Alias\\" or \\"Underworld\\" (true) and Bella IS indeed too co-dependent for much of the series (also true) but it's all in the service of telling The EXACT Same Story that those other franchises told but it is done so here with a lot less action, testosterone, and violence and a lot more stillness and feelings and estrogen.<br /><br />In all other ways the three series are identical.<br /><br />One could even be so daring as to suggest that the recent surge and revival of the Co-Ed Romance Vampires VS. Werewolves Mythos is The Culture having an Unconscious Debate with itself about what the right mixture of Primal, Evolved, Emotional, Sexual, and Aggressive Elements (Male/Female Style) is now needed for this species going forward.ered Man and Woman could do together and how sexy True Equality, Complementarity, and Harmonization between The Male and Female Genders and Energies and Operating Systems could REALLY be.  Twilight is not \\"Alias\\" or \\"Underworld\\" (true) and Bella IS indeed too co-dependent for much of the series (also true) but it's all in the service of telling The EXACT Same Story that those other franchises told but it is done so here with a lot less action, testosterone, and violence and a lot more stillness and feelings and estrogen.  In all other ways the three series are identical.  One could even be so daring as to suggest that the recent surge and revival of the Co-Ed Romance Vampires VS. Werewolves Mythos is The Culture having an Unconscious Debate with itself about what the right mixture of Primal, Evolved, Emotional, Sexual, and Aggressive Elements (Male/Female Style) is now needed for this species going forward.
0792838068|5.0|Damn awesome movie.  Very sad, and depressing, but definately in an awesome way.  Cage just nails his role, and so does Elisabeth Shue.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Simple graphics, but there are some good games. There are some easier than others and some are just difficult, but it depends on the player.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|I've just got into the Hunger Games books recently and I've been really loving them. So I was surprised to see reviews for Mockingjay be considerably lower than the first two. But, it is justified, Mockingjay is the weakest entry in the set. My major disappointment is feeling that Katniss isn't entirely the main vehicle through which the plot moves forward. I feel like there's this great story going on in the background, however, the reader only gets bits and pieces of it while primarily being dumped with Kat's teen love angst. Even for a trauma-experienced repeatedly emotionally and physically shattered teenage girl, some of her feelings, motivations and subsequent decisions just do not feel logical. If a certain stimulus happens in the plot, you could imagine there would be a handful of responses to it. However, the response ends up being something almost entirely unrelated and unimportant given said stimulus or the current situation the characters are in. If you've read the first two, you have to read Mockingjay to finish this great story. It's just a shame that said great story shifts to the background for most of this book while we only get Katniss struggling to unravel feelings that do not make sense to anyone, even her.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome game to play all the time and can unlock more games all the time so cool I wish I found it sooner
B0054JZC6E|4.0|awesome app for the plane. some games seem to be impossible to beat. its very worth the download. it is not as monotonous as angry birds.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|By far the best Bible app. The many translations offered make it easy to see how the Scriptures are interpreted in the various translations. The Bible plans truly help you get into the Word and keep you in it. Sharing with others is easy because of its ease of use.  Great job developers!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is a very good game but I have a suggestions for a new version to put famous video games on it like just dance...
B0064X7FVE|1.0|Looking for a tablet-friendly alternative to AccuWeather but soon discovered TWC doesn't offer radar. The downward slide since their acquisition by NBC is just about complete. Uninstalled.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love to play this game! i like how u r able to open the other games. it is a very fun game
B004H1V5RU|5.0|This product will keep you entertained for a while. It can get frustrating to go from start to end but it is also a great challenge. You can also cheat and just start somewhere towards the end. My 1 year old had dropped it a couple of times without any breakage. Some of the movements require just a slight tap for the ball to move. Overall, great way to spend time.
B004I744AS|5.0|easy and has a lot of words good for school work or just looking up a random word.Just Plain Fun
B004EPZ06Q|5.0|Item was for my brother-in-law for Christmas.  I left the items in the box to make it a little more  confusing.  He was excited to get the original and sequel!
B005C9YZIW|5.0|This series is simply amazing. It is something that I plan on watching on numerous occasions throughout the rest of my life. Nothing has depicted so many different aspects of our Earth so well. The visuals are stunning, and the narrating is enlightening. I've learned a lot from these and come to appreciate so much more in nature due to this series. Not only that, but I found my favorite animal - the snow leopard - from Planet Earth. If you aren't going to buy it, please at least rent and watch (although you should buy it). It is a must see.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Spider solitaire is a great game that keeps my day good. I am so glad I downloaded this game. Thank you very much!
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Just like I remember growing up but better! Would have liked a bit more variety to keep replayability. Might play one or two more times.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|you guys make this game great because it has 117 games in one. everything is complicated with it but if you work at it you can eventually get the game and win more games
B000MV9026|5.0|This animated musical was Amazing to watch.  The impressive movements and musical renditions kept me wonderfully entertained thoughout the entire movie! Finding a family friendly movie that is so fantasically positive for children and adults alike is a special treat.  I would recommend this movie to everyone.<br />Garie Thomas-Bass<br />Author of the book: [[ASIN:1424179580 Purposeful (Not Random) Acts of Kindness: (AKA Beginning Steps for Overcoming Spoiled Brat-aholism)]]
B004WR125O|5.0|Worth the price. My wireless router is upstairs in one corner of the loft. My receiver is downstairs in the living room. This little gem connects with the network with no issues. Gets reasonable signal strength to play internet radio without any disruption (what more can you ask for??). I have a 2.4 Ghz wireless G network, have not tried with N and 5Ghz. I am buying a new router next month, will update the review if I see issues.  And what I like also is this adaper is so small, it blends into your receiver setup (both being black) and doesn't look odd at all. In fact, I have a 1.5 yrs toddler at home and despite the receiver being close to floor, she has not messed around with it ('cause it is not so easy for a toddler to pull it out). Overall great buy, even though its little expensive.  Update:  =======  Just came across this item \\"POWERLINK PL-8188CUS MicroN\\". On 24 Jan it was selling for 7 bucks on mWave dotcom! Yep, unbelievable price for a wireless N adapter. It looks very similar to Onkyo adapter and has similar specs. Check it out before you buy Onkyo adapter.
B004LROUW2|3.0|The title of my review sums it up. I couldn't put it down, but the promise was never realized. There's some cool ideas here about the power of believing one thing exists versus another, about how religion functions (in some cases), etc., but in the end, it's all pretty underdeveloped (from the idea perspective) despite being full of description. I'm glad I read it, and while I couldn't put it down, and it was provocative, it felt sloppy.  My favorite parts were dialogue with Tamaru. Any dialogue with Tamaru.
B002BWP49C|5.0|This is definitely a movie that shouldn't be missed.  The scenery and romance is beautiful .  Quite true to the book.  The music throughout is great too.  Highly recommended,
159420229X|3.0|This book is not about memorization techniques, nor about developing anything but curiosity.<br />It is interesting to know names of memory world champions and about Savants, but knowing about them do not develop our memory.<br /><br />I was interested in a process to develop MEMORY as:<br />(1) Biological<br />  - Food which contribute to keep our brains healthy<br />  - Vitamins supplements<br /><br />(2) Psychological<br />  - How trauma can affect or memory and how to release that trauma<br />  - How to change concepts that influence memory<br /><br />(3) Mental<br />  - Exercises with numbers, colors, words etc<br />  - How to use the abilities to solve day by day situations<br /><br />I could not find in this book anything regarding those 3 items above, it is a book of not useful info.<br />If you curious to now about possibilities, this could as far the book go.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|clear and simple interface, a variety of versions, spoken word option when you are in the car and just want to hear, can't say enough nice things about this free app!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a great app, and I am glad that I can carry it with me everywhere!!!! Hope everyone else enjoys it too!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I thought that I might have to be connected to wireless to use this, which would have been bad, as I wanted to use it on my Fire where wireless isn't available. Thankfully, you can download versions so you can read them anywhere, even NASB.  Navigation is easy.  This is a true gift.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|This game is awesome,just one thing,on my Kindle Fire it does not have a eagle for hard levels.On my friends I phone you can buy an eagle for 0.99.I can't pass a level on Mine and Dine.Rovio needs to send an eagle to the Kindle Fire,but it is fun in all
B005XQLBU4|5.0|A great dose of nostalgia. I think this game lends itself incredibly well to touch screen technology. Just don't expect to accomplish much if you've had a few drinks! ;-)
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love. this game! its soooooo worth the money! though it does need Alan update though. every. body will love it! even my little sister like it.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|everyone was telling me how awesome angry birds was sooo I decided to try it and it is really fun!!!! I would totally recommend it to you!;:)
B004WE01YA|5.0|The movie was great in every way. Audio was great. The video resolution was great. The depth in the 3D was great.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This Game Is Sooooooooooooooo Sooooooooooooooo Sooooooooooooooo Sooooooooooooooo Sooooooooooooooo.  fun its great for .......Anything!!! For Anyone!! Great. Game!!  And The Little Monster is Sooooooooooooooo. fricken cute!!! &lt;3
B0047CTO9A|1.0|Ordered one CD and received it, but would not play.  Contacted seller and returned CD, seller sent replacement and it would not play either.  Tried them in multiple players along side other CD's that play without a problem.  Contacted seller again and they refused to replace it again, stating that they cannot accepted an exchange two times in a row for the same reason.  Well if they would just send a quality CD that would play, instead of junk, it wouldn't need to be replace a second time.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|The packaging is impressive.  In this post industrial age it is nice to have some things that don't take up a tonne of space.  The movies of course stand for themselves.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|another good device to use so you don't have to take your iPhone out of the case, just like the cable it's very useful
B004W4N55C|1.0|Doesn't work on Galaxy Nexus / Ice Cream Sandwich.  :-(  I'd give it a great rating if it worked.  What a shame.
B00371QQ2U|5.0|Product was shipped on time and to the correct location.  My experience was satisfactory. Thank you for making it do easy!
B0062NAX1U|5.0|Finally a family movie without a left-wing agenda! I gave up on Hollywood years ago, but was talked into watching this movie. Absolutely fantastic!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy this game. It's easy to play. It can be addictive. I even win now and then.  thanks
B0054JZC6E|4.0|nice simple app with a great variety of skill games and it's very very easy to acquire points to unlock additional games
B004A8ZWVK|2.0|I watched \\"The Help\\" last night. Boy was the a waste of 2 hours of my life i will never get back. I really enjoyed the book, probably one of the most amazing books i have ever read, and I was really hoping the movie would be just as amazing. Well i was very disappointed. For one they changed things in the movie that were important parts in the book. If you love this movie that is because you haven't read the book. Please do yourself the favor and read the book
B005XQLBU4|4.0|This is a fun little app. It has just the right mix to make it challenging but not impossible. The upgrades are the key to success.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|Wow!!! Its a great Film. It has a lot of themes in it but is not confusing. I call it a complete movie...action,humor and everything in between. Just perfect. I don't understand why there are few 1 star rates, are they human???? Well I strongly recommend this film.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app. I love how has it all the verisons of the Bible. makes following along in church so much easier!
0060873027|4.0|I have read all of Michael Crichton's book, and I am a serious fan of Richard Preston. The notion of using a powerful magnetic field to greatly reduce animate and inanimate objects to nearly microscopic levels is interesting, but I wish that either author would have delved more deeply into the theoretical basis of such shrinkage. The authors went to great lengths to describe the natural history, and behavior of the various smaller creatures in the story, and gave a good accounting of the various properties of plant extracts. I just was wishing for a more meaningful explanation of the use of strong magnetic fields to make things very small. The book was a quick read with a less-than-satisfying conclusion, but it merits a place on the shelf of a fan of Michael Crichton.
B005OCFHHK|4.0|No problems with this order. Ordered, shipped on time, enjoyed product. Thumbs up!  Thanks for the quick turn around for the order. My family and I enjoyed it very much.
B005FVFWOI|5.0|I bought this thinking it might be boring but was pleasently surprised.  It becasme a go to CD for the ride to and from work after it arrived.  Still pop it in to hear Ian do his magic.  Go for it.  I wa snot aware it was released so long ago.
B002PHVHFI|5.0|I have listened this album at least 20 times in the next 2 days after the delivery.  It's just one of the most complete music albuns of all time! Lyrics, melody, rhythm, arrangements, voice, tone, everything is just in complete harmony and balance!
0470913029|5.0|Very good book and a good way to eat healthy.  Good recipes also.  To bad a person tends to fall off when health comes from eating simple and good.
B004SUWR2C|1.0|it says it is under 5MB Data then after you buy it it says you need to download another 80MB that's just crazy! wasted my. .99 on this!
B005HSL626|5.0|awesome game. it tells you how to earn the blades. it has 3 different kind of games. DOWNLOAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! right away its free
B004FS1TLM|5.0|Honestly the main thing I'd want to know before purchasing this CD Is HOW MUCH IS FILLER? Well I can tell you only 1 song seems like fillar to me.  You want to buy this If your at all a fan because I heard all his CD's and this one Is the best so far. This younf man going to be a future living legend as the years go. I can't imagine how good he will get. This Is a great CD and to anyone thinking on edge well at least listen to some on the Internet and you be sure. It's been out a while now and It excellant.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|this game is fun but hard . It is a good game. it gets boring. you have to try to succeed well on this game. _
B005GT3XGS|4.0|They keep coming up with ways to show us every stage of decomp known to man even showing a BODY FIELD where they study decomp.  Anyway I think the chemistry among the whole cast Is what keeps the show running well and here's to a few more seasons before It's due for an ending.  All the actors are great. Each episode keeps you guessing again.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|the ads on my kindle don't do anything. they just polyp in the corners.... it doesn't bother me. I love this game is cute, fun, and challenging Some of the levels are kinda hard :)
B004NTDEXY|5.0|Usually when ever I see a 2 movie set on 1 DVD or Blu Ray I only like 1 movie or I already own the one I want.  These 2 are both violent flicks yet are not for voilence sake. But to tell 2 good stories.  I've always wanted both especially on Blu Ray and now both were $7.49.  5 stars for the deal alone. I purchased another 2 movie set at the same time. This one better. Both 5 star movies In my opinion.  So In every aspect this Is a 5 star deal. Hope this helps.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the mini games are a lot of fun and some of them definitely present a good challenge. this app is good for hours of entertainment!
B005OK722U|3.0|watched this movie cause i am a big fan of the first hostel...scared me silly...should have known the sequels to follow could not hold up to the original however..a few suprises that i didn't see coming kept me interested..especially the end..so that was a plus..thus the 3 stars...
0446585025|2.0|I have always thought Ellen Degeneres was funny.  When I seen she had this new book, it quickly went on my wish list.  I had not read Ellen's two previous books and looked forward to trying one.<br /><br />And Ellen is funny.<br /><br />on page 91 she has a chapter called Answers To Frequently Asked Questions:<br /><br />Yes.<br /><br />Yes.<br /><br />No.<br /><br />One time in High School.<br /><br />Three times in my twenties.<br /><br />Rocks no salt.<br /><br />Yes.<br /><br />Four.<br /><br />Never.  And how dare you!<br /><br />I will take no further questions.<br /><br />Is there such a thing as too much funny?  If so... I encountered it in this book.<br /><br />In Ellen's defense here (yes I am defending her over my opinion of the book...), she never came right out and said - this memoir will be about my life and how I got to where I am now.  I (me... all me) just believed that is what I was going to read.  The inside cover flap (flap-jacket as Ellen calls it) stated that a lot had happened in her life with her show, her marriage, and life... and that is what I thought I would be reading.<br /><br />What I found in the book was funny - lots of funny... and chapters from a few sentences long to a few pages long.  She is witty - there is no doubt about that and I have always liked quick whit.<br /><br />BUT.... (and man I hate using that word so let's go with....)  HOWEVER...<br /><br />I didn't really learn much about her.  Even when she is talking about what could be a serious or real subject, she frames it in a way that it could be true... it could be half true... it could all be boloney.  Really?  I just don't know.<br /><br />While this book was not what I thought it would be, I do still adore Ellen.  I am curious if either of her other two books are more of a real memoir, or if they are like this one.  I hope one day to find out.
B0063GORYU|5.0|great game...fun to play and works fine on my kindle. I would definately recommend this game for anyone who enjoys solitaire ....
B004T32SOK|5.0|I am a die hard dropbox fan, but when I saw that I couldn't get it when I got my kindle fire, I was mad, (which is really the main reason why this great app currently has only three stars). I love this a lot because it is avalible in the apple app store. I am an artist so I love the fact that I can use Sketchbook mobile on my kindle fire, then transfer the picture to my ipod so I can work on it at school or on the go later.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|takes too long to get money to unlock new games. other than that its fun. some of the minigames kinds suck but ohwell
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|a calendar and a pinterest type function for photos only but that could all be in there and I haven't figured it out yet
B0067QPVJ6|1.0|After the terrible remake of \\"The Day the Earth Stood Still\\" you would think that Hollywood would learn how to make good science fiction again.  This movie is really a horror movie not science fiction. Stick with the 1951 masterpiece and avoid the 2 disasters that came later.  The Original 1951 \\"The Thing From Another World\\" cannot be beaten for tension, suspense, marvelous acting and an intelligent script.  (And the beautiful Margaret Sheridan.)  With eager anticipation we all wait for the movie \\"Man Conquers Space\\".
B000024ZYP|5.0|I feel so lucky to have finally discovered this album.  It is exactly what the other reviews have described--transcendent, emotionally mature (love that one), incredibly beautiful.  I've only had it for a couple of weeks and have not fully explored all of it, but the strange, perfect evocation of faraway oases and vistas and other worlds is sublime.  Badhra is unique and simply outstanding, a miracle of artists at the top of their game, as is Kashf.  I come from classical Western music, but appreciate a wide variety of other types though usually tire of popular pieces quickly.  Not so with this album.  Never fails to raise the hairs on the back of my neck every time with Badhra and Kashf.  I heard Badhra as a sample on Pandora, was annoyed to find that the only way I could purchase it was by buying the entire album; but it has been a lovely investment.  I do not like all of the songs as much as Badhra/Kashf, and actively dislike one of them (don't remember which).  But rarely, rarely does this exceptional quality of music come along.
B000HEWEDK|5.0|A terrific movie. With an extremely intriguing plot. Excellent special effects for the period.  Ann Francis is gorgeous. Watch for her in a black dress near the middle of the movie.  There's a rumor this movie will be remade. I predict the remake will be terrible.  For example, compare the original &#34;The Day the Earth stood still&#34; with its remake.
1936891026|5.0|Steven gives us great ideas to overcome those little and big issues that keep us stuck.  Excuses can fly out the window without all the guilty feeling others give us.  Self acceptance and moving forward becomes the way to be - do in the future.  To get motivated watch or read [[ASIN:038072751X The Legend of Bagger Vance: A Novel of Golf and the Game of Life]]
0446573019|1.0|A disappointment.  This book is nothing more that a Jack Reacher \\"wanna be\\" novel.  Baldacci took the story line from 3 or 4 Jack Reacher books and combined them into this story.  Plagerism at it's finest.  He should be ashamed and apologize to Lee Child.
0778328821|4.0|This is my second book in the Blossom Street series and I found it difficult to put down.  Three women join the proprietor of a new yarn shop in Seattle for weekly knitting lessons.  Each of the four have issues that they may not be aware will affect the group.  As they spend more time together, lives are changed by the interactions of the group members.  Sweet romance is a given.  I'm on to the next book in the series!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|so far this game is very fun and my kids love it. it will keep us entertained for hours. I highly suggest it
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game is the best game I have ever played besides the super Mario games. it makes u wanna play over nd over again.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its really fun though some games are harder then others but still an awesome app. it loads really good for my Kindle Fire. Get the app if ya wanna have fun!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Good variety of games. If you want a app with more than one game, download this app. Works great with kindle fire
B003L77GG0|5.0|Well, it seems that they knew that the end was coming, but it seems that it was sooner than they wanted it to be.  I am almost finished with this season and it seems that somethings are being rushed, like Clark becoming the Clark Kent from the movies, instead of the confident person that he is.  All and all, I liked it.
1400079144|2.0|I will start with the positives; the first 100 or so pages are interesting and it is a page turner up until that point.  Ok so one positive!  The problem with this book as other reviewers have pointed out is that at least 20% of the book could be cut out. Far too much time is devoted to describing pointless details and by the end it was very tiresome. The scene which Robert Langdon was \\"drowned\\" is the most ridiculous thing I have ever read, there was no need for it as it didn't further the plot and there was never an explanation for it. The constant cliff-hangers just get very tedious and it always followed the same repetitive pattern: \\"[Insert name} couldn't believe what he/she was seeing...\\" then end of chapter.To me it just seemed Mr Brown was being very self-indulgent with his writing. Also for someone supposedly so smart how dumb/naive is Langdon? Massive plot-holes all over the place.  I lost patience by the end and skimmed the last 50 or so pages, which again were totally unnecessary. I couldn't wait to finish this book as I was getting more and more annoyed with it. Very disappointing.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Easy to play and fun.  If the ads didn't come up every time you're getting ready to play, it would be even more fun.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its ok sometimes but it can get boring cause I already complete the games but it ok sometimes. lil Guthrie ucjg
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Game updated and I lost my credits, which are required to get new games, unless you download their other games. Not gonna take the bait. Uninstall, fun while it lasted though.
B0063IH60K|4.0|very nice game....even customizible! I would download it again and recommend it to friends! Good job creators! Keep up the good work!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a great time passer. takes a while to unlock the games, but the games are fun to play. the nice thing is that there are so many games. you almost feel that you wont run out.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Complete and thorough.  There are a lot of clunky weather aps out there.  This one excellent and free.  Top shelf of favorites worthy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun when you just want to play simple games and it gets harder. I like this game
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|very good fun for all ages my 80 year old grandma loves it and my 4 year old neice loves it
B005J4TLN4|5.0|Combine the minds behind Shaun of the Dead with an incredibly talented young cast, none of which had acted professionally before this film, and a monster that hearkens back to classic cinema - the creatures were created with actual puppets and actors in suits, then digitally edited later so that the actors would be reacting to something that was actually in the room - and you have what is easily one of the best films made in years.  When I saw that other people on Amazon had rated this film only one star, I thought for sure their main complaint would be that they had trouble understanding the dialogue because of the accents and unusual slang. The fact that they are instead calling the cast of the film unlikable and wanting them dead I believe says more about their nature as people than it does about the film, that they can't find sympathy for a group of children living in poverty, abandoned by the system and at times their families, banding together to survive in a tough neighborhood.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love this game it is so much fun. I highly recommend this download so do it download it do It now.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This version is the very best way to have God's Word with you at all times. Having access to all the various versions in different languages make it a great witnessing tool for Christians of all levels to share their faith with anyone at anytime. Pastors, teachers and evangelist, this is a must have app. Get it and donate so they can keep upgrading it.
B006886HDC|5.0|Most American children grow up learning the basic facts about the American Revolution, and can provide a general description of the Revolution in broad brush strokes. Some can go a little further, recounting more detailed information of specific portions of this history that might for some reason hold a special interest to them. What most Americans cannot do, however, is retell the story in chronological sequence from beginning to end, describing the specific role of each of the major persons who had a part in that story, and the interrelationships that make the story so unique.<br /><br />If you think that's what this series is about, you'd be wrong. It's not that you can't see the entire story play itself out - you most certainly will - but that you will rather learn the truth of the statement that a person can \\"get all the facts right, and miss the point entirely.\\" And perhaps this is where this most outstanding of documentaries on early American history excels, the ability to tell the story of the life of John Adams, while learning the facts surrounding the American Revolution only as they surrounded John Adams himself. And perhaps, for subject matter like this, the approach is one of the best one could take.<br /><br />The John Adams series lays out the seminal events of the American Revolution as John Adams viewed and participated in them (and he did participate in nearly every aspect of it throughout his long life), but allows us to do so while experiencing the context through the outstanding storytelling and precise recreation of the period. We don't only witness the events; we are made to feel that we experience them, and find ourselves being transported into a world that in so many ways differs from our own. Along the way, the series makes us face the wrongs and unpleasantries of the era, but the focus is strictly on the rise of the American nation out of the individual colonies.<br /><br />The acting in this series is superb. Giamatti has perhaps given the performance of his career, and Laura Linney portrays Abigail Adams in such a sublime way that the character is strongly portrayed without overshadowing the story. Other characters (Jefferson, McHenry, Hamilton, and so on) are also excellently cast and acted, with the commanding presence of George Washington (David Morse) and the political creature Benjamin Franklin (Tom Wilkinson) played so impressively as to make one forget these are actors. To watch \\"John Adams\\" is to be introduced to each of these persons in a way never before thought possible.<br /><br />The series runs for seven episodes, for a total run time of just over eight hours. The filming itself is generally excellent, with some special effects that are well executed and quite realistic. There are some issues with the choice to employ odd camera angles and some hand-held scenes, sometimes which almost threatens to produce vertigo in the viewer, and have made more than one reviewer pan the series for these approaches to filmography. Although I, too, had trouble in some of these scenes (particularly in episode two, where it seems to be most frequently used), I can easily say not to let this affect your decision to watch the series. These are just quibbles, and in some cases, we can easily argue that these techniques help create the sense of \\"reality\\" that is needed to keep us fixated on the time period. The scenes depicting Paris and the Netherlands of the period are particularly fascinating.<br /><br />The music in the series is also outstanding. Anyone who watched the \\"Rome\\" series by HBO will undoubtedly recognize the similarities of the the opening title sequence, but I must say that this title sequence is one of the best I've ever seen. The music and visuals in the sequence are dramatic, lush, and even haunting.<br /><br />I've often thought that, from an educational standpoint, the American Revolution was similar to the French Revolution in that the number of people, the philosophical positions, the debates, the diverse background information, and other factors are so extensive and varied that it can make learning anything beyond the basic history quite challenging. Without building context, without knowing the history and biographical information of the major personages, without knowing the history leading up to the event, trying to place the epochal events in order so they make sense and can be examined is a tremendous task. And so, we end up with what we commonly see, people who know the broad brush strokes of the narrative, but would have trouble distinguishing between Danton and Robespierre, between Hamilton and Jefferson, between The Stamp Act and The Aliens and Seditions Act, or between the National Assembly and the National Constituent Assembly. And that's not to be critical: these events involved dozens of main players, took place over a period of multiple years, and involved the clash of deeply held beliefs about the nature of governance and the role of \\"rights.\\" This is not like learning a simple fact of history. But a series like this one can help overcome these issues by laying the foundation for a much deeper, ongoing exploration of early American history.<br /><br />To sum it up, this is one of the most superb documentaries I've ever seen. To watch it is to learn about John Adams and the role he played in the emergence of the United States, to learn about the American Revolution itself, and to become a participant in the debates, quarrels, and yes, politics, of the event. Its a powerful and moving story that evokes deep emotions and stimulates intense thought about America's founding. It's nothing less than a tour de force.ctors are so extensive and varied that it can make learning anything beyond the basic history quite challenging. Without building context, without knowing the history and biographical information of the major personages, without knowing the history leading up to the event, trying to place the epochal events in order so they make sense and can be examined is a tremendous task. And so, we end up with what we commonly see, people who know the broad brush strokes of the narrative, but would have trouble distinguishing between Danton and Robespierre, between Hamilton and Jefferson, between The Stamp Act and The Aliens and Seditions Act, or between the National Assembly and the National Constituent Assembly. And that's not to be critical: these events involved dozens of main players, took place over a period of multiple years, and involved the clash of deeply held beliefs about the nature of governance and the role of \\"rights.\\" This is not like learning a simple fact of history. But a series like this one can help overcome these issues by laying the foundation for a much deeper, ongoing exploration of early American history.  To sum it up, this is one of the most superb documentaries I've ever seen. To watch it is to learn about John Adams and the role he played in the emergence of the United States, to learn about the American Revolution itself, and to become a participant in the debates, quarrels, and yes, politics, of the event. Its a powerful and moving story that evokes deep emotions and stimulates intense thought about America's founding. It's nothing less than a tour de force.
B0058VW36U|4.0|i downloaded this game with my own birthday money and it was TOTALLY worth it. Based on how many reviews it got i decided to make a review. &#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733; four star!!!!!!
B0065IA4F2|5.0|Drake put his soul on the line with this album. I know all of the naysayers were thinking that this would be a follow up flop but boy were they wrong! Good Job Drake!  [...]
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This is probably one of my most favorite apps for my Android phone!  Tons of features, easy to configure, and works great!
1591843065|3.0|I read The Back of the Napkin (Expanded Edition) on my Amazon Kindle Basic. While I love to read books on my Kindle, I would have to say that charts and most pictures are basically lost when using the Kindle. That being said, I have to say I enjoyed the book.<br /><br />This book takes the reader on a little journey. Dan Roam shows us how he came up with the concept of using simple, basic, pictures drawn by hand to illustrate the concepts he was wishing to convey to his audiences.<br />Our author gives us several examples of how to illustrate problems and offers some interesting anecdotes to help make his point.<br /><br />I think that The Back of the Napkin would be worthwhile reading, but I suggest reading it in the print version rather than on a book reader.<br /><br />Book Review Policy<br />My policy on book reviews is to give you my honest opinion of the book. From time to time publishers will give me a copy of their book for free for the purpose of me reading the book and writing a review. The publishers understand when they give me the book that I am under no obligation to write a positive review.<br /><br />If you will look at all my reviews, you will see that there have been occasions when I have written a negative review after having been given a book.<br /><br />I often provide links to books on Amazon.com where you can purchase books and help support the continued operation of this blog. However, I strongly encourage you to check out your local library. Many libraries now offer electronic borrowing for free.<br /><br />I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255<br />I obtained this book through the Wharton County Library. whartonco.lib.tx.us
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I found the games to be fun and challenging . It was easy to download on my kindle fire. I recommend this to anyone looking for games to play and pass the time.
B00417HV14|3.0|Glad I read these reviews. Those that have stated that the DVD is not normal blu-ray quality as well as the sound are right on. When I first put it in I wondered if this was truly a blu-ray disc. The video was not ultra crisp and the sound especially bass was lacking. I had to check if my subwoofer was working or on. I thought something was wrong with my eyes and ears. Compared to Rush - Snakes and Arrows and Toto - Falling in Between this pales in comparison in both areas. That being said the performance is stellar, the band tight and the venue is beautiful. I agree that it would have been nice for the producers of the DVD to have made it top quality to go with the performance. This is still worth buying whether in the regular DVD format or blu-ray. One last thing, on the DVD case it says that it has Dolby Digital and DTS although only DTS shows up as a selection...interesting.
B0063IH60K|5.0|works great for kindle fires and its fun. its a must get app especially since its free app and totally worth downloading.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Oh the quarters i spent on this game. Wasted youth in an arcade.  Awesome game, thanks.  This is a must have.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Good variety of quick little games. Fun for a small challenge. Great for those that have short attention span like I have.
B003Y5H5EW|5.0|Thank God!  Beckinsale returns.  I had no difficulty watching Rhona Mitra, but Rise of the Lycans just hurt me.  I hate seeing non-returning actors replaced.  Yes, I know her character (Selene) wasn't even in the prequel, but I still thought the amputation of Beckensale would leave the franchise forever bitter and crippled from making new sequels.  And while filled with action, I struggled with the drop in CGI quality, especially for backgrounds.  But have no fear.  The budget is back, and it brought Beckensale with it.  The franchise is redeemed and primed for more sequels.<br /><br /> After a quick recap of the first two movies' events, we are introduced to a near-future in which the vampires and lycans (werewolves) have been discovered by humans.  It is acknowledged in the movie that `now these nonhumans are more than myth' and, not surprisingly given human nature, the humans militarized a \\"cleansing\\" to eradicate the vampires and lycans.  In this middle of all this Selene (Beckinsale) is captured and cryogenically frozen.  This is where the background ends and this story begins.<br /><br /> Selene is freed from her cryo-chamber after being helped by some unseen (presumably) nonhuman and escapes an extremely well-guarded research facility.  Conveniently, the her scientist-captors left all of her tight, shiny leather outfit in some chemical cabinets, so she was quick to find her normal form.  During her escape she encounters some thought-to-be-eradicated lycans and a little vamp-lycan hybrid adolescent--she's pretty tough and gets some cool action scenes.  This little girl seems to be the center of story because the lycans REALLY want her.<br /><br /> The plot is quite weak; borderline pointless.  But that didn't bother me a bit.  Like the first two installments of the franchise, this flick cluster-bombs viewers with exciting action sequences, flesh-shredding assaults, people being slam-launched across the room into walls, a healthy dose of blood splattering, and some occasional creative acrobatics.  Oh, and watch out for the really, really, big bad wolf.  The lycans genetically engineered this mega-lycan that is around 12-15 feet tall and probably weighs a couple tons.  The fight scenes between MegaLycan and Selene are very exciting, brutal, bashy, gritty... The other action scenes are fun, too.  Including a lycan-on-foot car chase, some mass melees, and some spiffy close-quarters combat.  If you came with no care for plot and every care for mindless action, then this flick is most certainly for you.<br /><br /> In the end I was thrilled with the production value, action-filming and set design--all of which were less impressive in Rise of the Lycans.  The effects budget seemed to be lower than it was for Underworld: Evolution (the best effects of the franchise in my opinion), but to no fault.  This is one of those \\"movies for guys who like movies\\" action flicks and one really wouldn't suffer for not seeing the prequels.  But you should definitely watch them anyway!some occasional creative acrobatics.  Oh, and watch out for the really, really, big bad wolf.  The lycans genetically engineered this mega-lycan that is around 12-15 feet tall and probably weighs a couple tons.  The fight scenes between MegaLycan and Selene are very exciting, brutal, bashy, gritty... The other action scenes are fun, too.  Including a lycan-on-foot car chase, some mass melees, and some spiffy close-quarters combat.  If you came with no care for plot and every care for mindless action, then this flick is most certainly for you.<br /><br /> In the end I was thrilled with the production value, action-filming and set design--all of which were less impressive in Rise of the Lycans.  The effects budget seemed to be lower than it was for Underworld: Evolution (the best effects of the franchise in my opinion), but to no fault.  This is one of those \\"movies for guys who like movies\\" action flicks and one really wouldn't suffer for not seeing the prequels.  But you should definitely watch them anyway!
B005LJK3AC|5.0|Super funny, a must see! Jenefer Aniston was great! Jason Sudakes was amazing! I enjoyed watching the whole movie! I am glad that amazon had it available coz I couldn't see it in movie theater when it came out! Thanks amazon
B005XQLBU4|5.0|just like missle command lots of fun with good touch. controls and feel. early levels are too easy. later levels are harder.
0887306667|5.0|This book has lots of common sense examples about what businesses have done right and wrong in their marketing planning. It's an enjoyable read, however the book's examples are what happened 18 years ago. The message is still clear today, but while highlighting IBM, Blockbuster, (the old Sam-run) Wal-Mart, and (new at the time) neXt computers as a few named, all these companies later violated the rules themselves and joined the other mis-managed companies listed. It is a great book and worth the purchase, but a serious rewrite, digital updated version, or sequel would be in order (and interesting) since this book was printed in 1994.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|this app is so amazing I love it get it! its nice to get reminders when you forget to read your bible
0451450523|1.0|Seeing how this book received such stellar reviews, I decided to buy the book without even reading it beforehand (I usually only buy hard copies of books I adamantly love), and boy, did I learn my lesson: People, popular doesn't mean GOOD!!! I couldn't bring myself to read beyond the sixth or seventh chapter, and now I'm mad at myself for wasting money. I'm sure this book was mean for children who tend to have a limitless imagination and overlook things that lack logic or reason, because I read this at twenty-one, and couldn't find anything fascinating about it!
B005HSL626|3.0|I love fruit slice! I had unlocked everything, and I still played it nonstop. it started glitching, so I had to un download it :(
030746363X|5.0|I love this book! It does not necessarily talk about what the fitness pro's will agree with but it did help me reach my goals pretty fast!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|all I have to say is awesome! the games are fun and totally worth ur time! A w e s o m e !
B006KX3GXO|5.0|this app waz exciting and fun. it let me change and decorate my facebook pic too. this app is worth getting.
B002JH3TW8|1.0|I shoot professional video with a Sony XDCAM HD camera, which has a 6-pin firewire port. I got a new MacBook Pro, which only has a 9-pin firewire port so i bought this adapter... it was cheap, so i figured it was worth a shot, as I've had good luck with these things in the past. I almost had a heart attack when it wouldn't import into my video editing software, and when I viewed the video with a viewing program I have, it had some digital breakup, which I've never seen before.  I was able to narrow it down to the adapter. Maybe this application is too much for the adapter (these video files are around 6-7 GB), but I would not recommend it.
B000FBFN1U|5.0|My favorite so far.  Each chapter kept you eager for more!  So much more happening and a twist at every turn.  Looking forward to #4!
0525476881|5.0|LOVE!  I tend to enjoy John Green's novels, and this one is my new favorite.  If you're looking for a book with believable high school seniors as the main characters, plenty of humor and smart wordplay, deep thoughts, plus a fair bit of road-trip adventure, then Green's your guy and An Abundance of Katherines will keep you turning pages.  And I admire the skill with which this author can integrate ideas and facts from history, science, math, literature, and the arts without ever seeming forced or preachy.  So rare to find young adult books that read just as engrossingly for adults.  Thank you, Mr. Green, for coming through for us all once again.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is amazing it's curicular screening made for little kids is perfect and it's based on what little kids like.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is an excellent application for Biblical study. Navigation to the next book or chapter is effortless and easy to do.
B004LROUNG|1.0|I've been trying to read this book and am about half way through.  I keep waiting for it to get better or interesting and it just isn't getting there.  I'm so bored of it that it's likely I will just put it down.  One word - dissapointed!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Works great. My only issue is figuring out how to move files from Pc to my kindle without e-mailing them.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I am happy with the purchase and a must have for fans! Looks good on my HD TV and blu ray rocks! Thank you Amazon =D
B000002GLV|5.0|I just bought a used vinyl copy of this incredible music! A blues album with trumpet that sounds like New Orleans! Delicious harp playing by John Mayall. Sweet down on the bayou sax! Drive me home drums! Beautiful blues guitar playing!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love how it offered a variety of fun little games. it was sometimes hard to unlock games; it took a while and that is sometimes frustrating.
0316044938|5.0|This book is brilliant. Sebold's writing style is flawless and you can spend hours pored into this book. The Lovely Bones is quite different from other book. Its very detailed and follow the lives of Susie's family members after her death. Sebold's concept of heaven is very unique and comforting.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|This book was so fantastic that it was actually worth the wait.  I LOVE this series.  So now that I have finished, satisfied yet disappointed that I am relegated to rereading the series, I wonder what next E.L. James?  I will happily consume anything you write.  PLEASE write faster and start your next book yesterday!!
B000OZ0NXA|4.0|Had I found fewer errors in this book, I'd have given it 5 stars. I'm a stickler for that stuff.  Still, this Jack Reacher character is my kind of hero. I've seen others refer to him as an anti-hero. Forget that! He's perfect, in a flawed, unique way. I'll be reading the rest of the series as soon as I can get my hands on them.  Pricing is too high for some of them, at least as ebooks go, but I'm guessing the used paperbacks are cheap here and elsewhere. Man alive! When will publishers figure out that $12.99 or $14.99 for an ebook is highway robbery? It irritates me particularly because I want to read all of Lee Child's books now. I highly recommend this one.
B006Y5BWQG|5.0|Ok, I never thought I would ever consider a show like Smash, it's really not my forte, you know for an \\"Alpha, Head-O-Sexual Male.\\" But I always want to be above that stigma. There for, it had interests me. And when I saw it on Amazon, I LOVE IT! There was a part in the show where Katharine McPhee had singed the \\"Christina Angular\\" hit \\"Beautiful\\"; how she started to shine and glow, singing not to the producers, but to the one she love, oh man, I wish she was singing to me. It was so breath taking. I tell you, just for that number alone, I must see what happens next, and I am going to be rooting for the character.<br /><br />The show also, seems to have some drama to it, to keep it going, great cast ensemble including Emmy Award winner, Debra Messing (Will & Grace), Oscar Winner, Anjelica Houston (Prizzi's Honor) with Broadway Sensation Megan Hilty. And introducing, Katharine McPhee! (American Idol {Season 6})NBC has finally brought back \\"Must See TV\\"
1423140591|5.0|This is a really fun second book in the Heroes of Olympus series.  It is true to Riordan's style of fun, mystery and adventure with humour and mythology.  I read it to my son and he was riveted, often laughing so hard we had to stop and re-read parts.<br /><br />Like the last book in this series, there's both Greek and Roman mythology.  I love how Riordan incorporates both, staying true to the spirit of each.<br /><br />And Percy Jackson fans will be happy to have Percy back.  It is great to see him again, but I like how he shares the spotlight with Hazel and Frank, kids from Camp Jupiter, the Roman demigod camp.  They are great additions, they have complications of their own, but this only makes us feel for them even more.<br /><br />There are also some great tensions set up between some of the characters and not all of the mysteries are solved, leaving the way for the rest of the series.  I know when we finished, my son made me look up when the next book is coming out - he can hardly wait until the fall.<br /><br />These are such great books for kids, they hit on so many of the things they like wacky funny parts, suspenseful adventure, and they are true to ancient mythology while being relevant and fresh.  They are also challenging and engaging enough for younger readers and entertaining enough for older readers.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love this game! yes, some of the controlling is not that good on kindle fire, but overall, it is tons of fun.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|blended reading is excellent.  really love it.  keeps you on track with your Bible reading.  I am truly enjoying it.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I use the Kindle Fire for work and being a Computer Technician, I also do a little bit of networking when I need to for the job. This helps analyze signal strength and see if there are any rogue wireless networks where I am working.
B005J6LKVI|5.0|When I saw this movie at the theatre, I thought it was very good. But when I got the DVD & seen it again, it was even better the second time. Viola Davis does an incredible & superb job. I really hope she receives the Oscar for best actress.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|I build computers for fun and for a living. Whenever I build a computer for customers, myself, friends, or family, I use this Compound. It's proven very well made and I have used this on water cooled systems and air cooled alike. Compared to stock Thermal Compound, you will see a difference in temperature.
B005OK721G|5.0|I preordered this dvd to get it in time for christmas and I was not disappointed. The package arrived the same day the movie was released on dvd. The movie itself was great, action packed from beginning to end.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Out of all the solitaire games out there, this one is by far my favorite! Thanks for making solitaire fun again!
0321544080|5.0|... reach higher.  If you want to know what this book is about, read the forward by Scott Kelby. It is an absolutely perfect description. In fewer words and to save you from looking it up -- this book is like a combination of a program given at a professional photographers' convention and the discussion that takes place in the bar afterward. It is a collection of \\"Aha!\\" moments or, as the title says, \\"Moments that 'it' clicks\\" ('it' being not the sound of the shutter, but the flash of a concept that suddenly makes sense.)  McNally assumes that the reader has a certain level of expertise. He will not talk down to you, though he does offer a helping hand along the way by explaining jargon that might not be familiar if you're just starting out. He will not offer a one-size-fits-all magical combination of aperture, shutter speed and ISO to get the amazing images that grace these pages. He would be doing a disservice if he did. It does not exist.  If you're looking for wisdom from a very talented and experienced photographer and page after page of golden nuggets, grab this book. If you're looking for a cookbook, this ain't it.  It's ok if this isn't the book for you. It *is* the book for me and for a lot of other people. In fact, we won't be offended if you wander off to take more pictures of your cat.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. Katness is broken. Who wouldn't be?? I do think the ending was rushed. Happy endings aren't realistic people
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|has more functions then I need, but gives me a wonderful choice of functional tools and a common interface that bridges devices and operating systems with collaberation as well. Seriously good bit o kit that I count on for everything.  Has become my journal, announting life with words, images, and sketches.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Having experience with using remote desktop I didn't expect much from this app, always thought remote desktop was too slow and clunky to be very useful... but wow, this app is amazing!  Using the Galaxy S2 Epic 4G Touch to connect to my computer it's like I'm sitting there right at the computer... there's nothing you can't do!  I've played movies, games, copied/moved files, browsed websites that won't \\"allow\\" mobile devices, changed network sharing permissions, and it's all smooth!  Kind of a shame that setting up access from external locations (3g/4g/public wi-fi/etc) can't be more simplified for newbs, as I'm guessing 90+% of the people who'd like to use it have no idea what port forwarding is, but that's not a fault of the app lol
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I got this app a part of the free app of the day, and was skeptical at first since I've had bad experiences with remote apps that require client software to be installed.  Then I tried it!  The performance was stunning over wifi- allows me to remotely administer all of my PCs using my Nook tablet.
0525478817|5.0|You should read The Fault In Our Stars by John Green. It came out not even two weeks ago and I've already read it twice, and I can't stop thinking about it, and I want to read it again even though I finished it 12 hours ago.  Yes it is technically Young Adult fiction but who cares?  This book is so well written and thought provoking that I think it will speak to so many people.  It's a good book that's funny, sad and smart.  JUST READ IT... you won't be sorry.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|super fun and entertaining. I.could play for hoours on end. I love the games and the bug variety great game
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like the game but the only problem is how you have to unlock the game. I can't unlock a level because I need more money
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I love it angry birds a awsome there are so many I play a lot my fab is the black bird because it has a bom it turns red and goes boom
0316098329|2.0|I am surprised that this book is so popular and has so many good reviews. Yes, I bought the book, too. I also managed to read the entire book. It was a labor of pure determination!  I agree with a previous reviewer who commented that you will like the book if you enjoy the first 30 pages or so of this book. If not, it doesn't get any better. I trudged on mostly because I very rarely do not finish a book that I purchase. I'm cheap that way. If it was a library book, perhaps I'd have returned it unfinished.  It was not believe-able that this child would speak in such a manner. (e.g, personifying objects like \\"chair\\" or \\"dresser.\\") I'm sorry, it is not consistent with how his mother seems to raise him. I could go into details as to why I feel this way, but I won't. I was just annoyed.  Ugh, why did Donoghue feel it was necessary to include so many inner monologues of which of his mother's breasts is preferable to the other (the milk is creamier!)? Details like this are only authentic in small doses.  It's a shame because the subject matter would make for a good book if it was written better.
B000HA4WTI|5.0|everything about this movie blows me away. I love how they focused on the Japanese Import Tuning aspect of racing, especially Drifting. It may not appeal to a diverse audience especially those who are racist towards Asians and hate Japanese Cars... One flaw of the Original Fast and Furious was that the Asians were portrayed as the bad Characters.  While we still have the typical Asian Gangster/racer guys at least they have more honorable traits. I just wish the movie had Topless Japanese Girls or better yet topless Filipina Girls.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this ia a fun app with a whole bunch of different games but some things aren't so good. well u have to pay a lot to get the game. the when u beat it u only get like 7,500, so it is kinds a waste.
B001B6PBBK|2.0|I saw the stars/reviews and I was so let down by this movie. Brittany Murphy plays a British Girl that has an American accent. It makes me wonder if they changed the character's background because she was so bad with the accent.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is great but sometimes.the instructions are confusing but you get the hang of it. it is really addicting I wake up and get on my kindle and play it. it is awesome
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is awesome I love it no complaints at all. it is also very very very very kid friendly but fun for adults too
B004SIIBGU|4.0|good app.if you want something used and works fine on kindle fire. just make sure you see whenbthe product will come in
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it is a good simple way to pass the time, but once you run put of coins and beat all the games it becomes annoying
B004UXUX7S|3.0|While \\"The Descendants\\" is well acted and directed, and entertaining on, at least, a basic level, it seems to slip from memory almost as one leaves the theater.<br /><br />One podcast critic expressed a view that this film is \\"a mile wide and an inch deep\\".  That, to me, says it exactly.  If I had seen \\"The Descendants\\" on TV as a \\"movie-of-the-week\\" I would have recommended it on that simple level, but as a feature film with pretenses of garnering an Oscar, it definitely falls far short of the mark.  (But, if it wins, it certainly won't be the first one to unjustly win the statuette -- anyone remember \\"Terms of Endearment\\" which I continue to call \\"Tears of Endurement\\"?)<br /><br />Clooney IS great as he always is but because of the film's shallowness his big crying scene had me thinking the whole time, \\"this scene was contrived solely to be an Oscar scene\\", as was much of the movie.  In a year that gave us \\"The Tree of Life\\" and \\"Hugo\\", this film winning the gold (and it might) would be an uunmitigated farce.<br /><br />But, farce or not, being overrated is hardly reason enough to denigrate this film.  It's a good one that most viewers will find entertaining.  And well made.  So, I recommend it but, pu-hleeze, don't tell me this is a great film, or even a work of cinematic art!  It isn't.<br /><br />Bob Blenheim
B003KRJNBW|1.0|The first 10-20 minutes of the movie was actually enjoyable (albeit a little slow), until you realize this is a raging christian propaganda film where characters quote the bible continuously and keep harping on about faith.<br /><br />Truly disappointed - and felt jipped given that description doesn't mention about being a religious cheerleading movie.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|I love it .awesome . great fast game. works great with my incredible 2. no glitches. give it a shot. you'll like it too
B004BOJM64|5.0|My boyfriend (who is 850 miles away for work) sings and texts me the lyrics of Grenade & Just the Way You Are every day, so i decided to get this CD and I am so happy I did.  This CD is great. I love every song on it
B0038M2AZA|5.0|I ordered 2 copies of this DVD - 1 to keep and 1 to lend out to whoever will watch!  It's important to spread the word about autism and help people understand what it feels like to have autism.  Everyone who has watched it has raved about it and I think it really brought them closer to understanding what autism is all about.
B006GG1KOC|3.0|pretty boring, my kids call it the bug game. there are a lot beter kid games. I have a few more words to make the minimum comments.
B003KVNV4S|2.0|Or coffee or any other beverage for the matter. I found the band to be great but I can't stand the lead singers voice. It's like somebody trying to sing like Joy Division over completely wrong music.
0143118757|5.0|If you're looking to up your skill set when it comes to negotiating, this is the book you want to read. At $9 the strategies alone are worth the price of admission.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Words cannot describe how awesome Adele is, and to see and hear her at the Royal is outstanding.  Not only is she a beautiful singer and songwriter, she has a sweet and great personality.  would recommend this DVD to everyone no matter what your taste is music.  C
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app. Helpful! Inspiring! In the days of garbage technology its nice to see a meaningful use of it. Kudos to its creators.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like to play this game when I'm bored or cant sleep.  Good way to pass a little time while trying to tire out.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|THis is a fun app. Lots of variety in the games. There are games of luck and skill.A lot of fun.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I find it harder to win then other Solitaire apps ive played. but overall its a good app that I play often.
1410430103|5.0|OK. I am not going to go too far in telling how great of a thriller this piece is. I will underline one observation though, which I believe, is the key of the success of Child's novels. He is a MASTER in depicting and portraying the details of the background of a story. He is a true out of the box thinker, a smart writer, and just takes you away from this world when he starts talking about even the tiniest little details of the picture he is describing. I LOVE how he puts a local touch in portraying the scenes, though sometimes I get a little impatient to go ahead and see what comes next.  Overall, the book is a VERY enjoyable read. He shows how it is possible to make a story interesting without much bloodshed and violence. Smart, precise sentences makes excellent writing, fluent and exciting. Definitely a must read for action/thriller lovers.
0062060554|3.0|This is the story of an amnestic woman named Christine who wakes up every day with virtually no memories of her life and forced to relearn her circumstances over the course of each day, only to lose them again and start all over after she falls asleep at night.  As if that weren't bad enough, there's also a terrible secret lurking under the surface of her supposedly normal, mundane married life.<br /><br />Although the premise is not particularly original, it drew me in and made me want to read this story.  Much of it is repetitive as Christine reads her journal entries and adds to them each day, but it didn't bore me because it emphasized the quandary she was in as the unreliable narrator who doesn't know if she can trust her husband, her doctor, her friend, or even herself.  Who wouldn't be upset and confused in her situation?  I found that aspect of the story believable.  Unfortunately, there are quite a few plot holes that took away some of my enjoyment.  If the author could have found a way to close some of those gaps, the whole story would have been a little tighter and more believable.<br /><br />Overall, I was able to enjoy the story as just pure entertainment but am a little wistful that the plot holes couldn't have been covered better and somewhat dissatisfied with the abrupt and somewhat uncertain yet Pollyanna ending.
1934030198|3.0|The book came very safely and quickly but I've had trouble with Amazon.com and I'm unable to return the book.  Looks like I'm going to have to sell on Ebay.  YAY for the book seller,  BOOOO for Amazon.com
0525478817|5.0|I tend to hate reading books about people with cancer, particularly when not written by people who have truly had the experience. I feel like, often times, these books tend to be made for the sole purpose of trying to make you try, and it tends to feel forced, and not very fun to read. This book is extremely different. I feel like John really brings his characters to life. It's so nice to read a book about a character that you truly want to be friends with. I laughed, I cried, I loved it.
0525423656|3.0|I had such high hopes for this book after absolutely loving the first one. But... this one fell flat for me. Cassia and Ky didn't seem like the same two characters, and parts of the story were just glossed over in such a way that I couldn't suspend my disbelief.<br /><br />How did Cassia become someone who seeks to rebel against society so quickly after being someone who always does as she's told?<br /><br />How did Cassia get sent to work detail and then get sent away with the Aberrations and Anomalies all without the Society finding out or changing her Citizen status?<br /><br />Xander's secret is just way too convenient for the circumstances.<br /><br />Ky's unwillingness to do anything (ie join the Rising or stay within Society) does not match his personality. At all.<br /><br />I will continue to read the series, because I have high hopes that book 3 will redeem book 2. But I have my doubts, given how the end of Crossed played out. This series had such high potential to be an incredible dystopian series, but I don't think it will reach that potential.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Wonderful to have God's Word in so many versions.  App is easy to use on both my android phone and kindle. Thank you &quot;YouVersion&quot;.  Thank you Lord Jesus for my salvation!
B0063IH60K|5.0|great app easy to use no adds during game no annoying pop ups. totally fun download it today and start the fun
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Fits the Fire like a glove, and is super lite! This cover makes the Fire much easier to handle and to hold on to while computing.
B006886KQG|5.0|\\"Currahee\\" is the first installment of the superb \\"Band of Brothers\\" miniseries.  It is based upon the actual experiences of Easy Company, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment of the famed 101st Airborne Division.  This first episode finds E Company in training in Georgia under one Captain Sobel.  Sobel both hates and is hated by the men, but has a gift for training.  More would be telling, but the rivalry and eventual reckoning between Captain Sobel and Lieutenant Winters, his Executive Officer, is a great story.  All of this takes place as the Company prepares for the big jump into Normandy on D-Day.<br /><br />Every episode of \\"Band of Brothers\\" is well worth watching and constitutes superb entertainment.  However, this first episode remains my favorite.  RJB.
B000002GB2|5.0|I looked at this album for 2 byears before i bought it back in 1979.  I figured with a cover that cool it must be good.  It was GREAT. I have always loved this album, and its the only one that I like every song on. So much fun to listen to, a variety of music to keep you interested.  Too bad they cant write like this anymore!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|l think this app is amazing. Now when I go to church I don't have to carry as many books, plus all the other features will come in handy.
B005AUWY90|4.0|I know some hate this movie because it makes big oil look bad. I think that is a little unenlightened opinion. Cars 2 is not a propaganda movie against oil, it is a action adventure flick for kids where a company who produce oil though unethical means is one of the villains. It seams that some people think that if a big company is presented as anything but happy, happy flowers and butterflies in a movie then the flick is leftist propaganda. But here is the clue, both kids and adults can think for themselves and seeing a evil company in a movie do not mean that one think all companies is evil. It is just a movie people, it a little animated flick about talking cars so relax.<br /><br />Now that I have said that what is Cars 2 about? Well this time Lightning McQueen and the gang is traveling around the world. A new environmentally friendly bio fuel have been discovered and a race is hosted to promote it, the problem however arises when there is accident after accident at the races and our heroes have to figure out what is going on in a plot which is surprisingly convoluted for a kids movie. One of the things I like about Cars 2, there is enough goofy episodes and silliness to keep young kids entertained, but the plot, which is a pretty good James Bond spoof, is actually interesting for adults. Me and my hubby who are both 30 both actually got interested the storytelling in Cars 2 and when the movie ended we felt that we had been told a pretty good one, and that is impressive for a kids movie about talking cars.<br /><br />Another good think about Cars 2 is the details of the setting, every vehicle in the movie's world is alive, and the movie makers have really sat down and thought out how they could use that concept to the fullest. Note for example a scene where the characters are going through a plaza and off course there are doves, but the birds are model airplanes. That is both cute and it is a good example to the details in this movie. Cars 2 have good animation, the voice acting is good and the music fit the scenes it is used in. I also like the fact that the comic relief characters is not annoying. Many movies have a character who is just there for slapstick humor, they are usually clumsy, stupid and loud. In this movie that is Mater, a hillbilly truck, and unlike most characters of this type in other movies he is actually funny, they never do him so over the top that the viewer just want the pain to stop, and also while Master is a comic relief character he is also important to the plot and have allot of good qualities. In fact come to think about it all the characters in Cars 2 work, they are well made and make the audience want to know what happens to them.<br /><br />The only thing I could complain about in Cars 2 are some phasing problem, at times the movie becomes a little slow, then everything happens at once, and then we are back to slow, rinse and repeat. However this is a minor complaint. I had allot of fun with Cars 2, the story is very good, the characters is fantastic and the universe in the movie is interesting. Also I like that they have made the second movie so different from the first, this is not just a repeat of the first Cars movie but rather a completely new story. I recommend Cars 2 to everyone and especially to people who are big James Bond and spy flick fans as this movie is a really good spoof of that genre. Cars 2 is not perfect, but it is extremely good.good and the music fit the scenes it is used in. I also like the fact that the comic relief characters is not annoying. Many movies have a character who is just there for slapstick humor, they are usually clumsy, stupid and loud. In this movie that is Mater, a hillbilly truck, and unlike most characters of this type in other movies he is actually funny, they never do him so over the top that the viewer just want the pain to stop, and also while Master is a comic relief character he is also important to the plot and have allot of good qualities. In fact come to think about it all the characters in Cars 2 work, they are well made and make the audience want to know what happens to them.  The only thing I could complain about in Cars 2 are some phasing problem, at times the movie becomes a little slow, then everything happens at once, and then we are back to slow, rinse and repeat. However this is a minor complaint. I had allot of fun with Cars 2, the story is very good, the characters is fantastic and the universe in the movie is interesting. Also I like that they have made the second movie so different from the first, this is not just a repeat of the first Cars movie but rather a completely new story. I recommend Cars 2 to everyone and especially to people who are big James Bond and spy flick fans as this movie is a really good spoof of that genre. Cars 2 is not perfect, but it is extremely good.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I use this app more than any other! God's Word is always relevant! Thank you for offering this for free!
B005529BDK|4.0|The music is a little, um, trippy, and game play is repetitive. But I somehow still find myself playing this simple game over and over from device to device. My only real complaint is that it doesn't work well on my gtab with Vegan-tab.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun time waster for me and the kids. easy but entertaining. the kids love earning points to unlock the games they choose! esp my 5 year old. also nice that you can earn points evenness if you don't win the game.
B004SBX112|5.0|Constant updates keep this game so addicting!  Love it,  keep up the great work. There are copycat games out there,  but don't be fooled.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. Lots of translations and reading plans. to meet my needs.  I use this on my cell phone too. Always have the Word with me.
B001JU4S44|3.0|Wow... incredible they made MI3 after watching this one.  A bare shell of MI1.  30 minutes of entertaining action and film (which does not include Cruise playing Chuck Norse) scattered into 2 hours and 4 minutes.  Cruise and the others must have been getting paid by the minute. Don't be afraid to use the fast forward when watching this one.  I gave the film an extra star because when there is good action and film its worth watching.
0811879542|5.0|We checked this book out at the library and at first my son was skeptical of it. He usually only likes books about monsters or trains. This is favorite book now! He loves pushing the buttons and he knows most of the steps by heart now. He brings it to us first thing in the morning and it is the one he wants to be read to him at night. He is 4 and a half and i love how in to this book he gets. It is amazing. I am going to buy it for him! I recommend this this to anyone and everyone!
1579128149|4.0|This book - described in the title as \\"A Visual Exploration of Every Known Atom in the Universe\\" -  will be of interest to and very useful for students, teachers and anyone  interested in subjects within the scientific/chemical fields.<br />The book - which is not divided into numbered chapters - starts with a  discussion of  the periodic table and the different groups of elements, as arranged based on  the fundamental laws of quantum mechanics, for example, the hydrogen and alkali metals, the transition metals, the ordinary metals, the halogens,  the rare earths.<br />A short explanation how the periodic table got its shape follows.<br />A discussion of the data related to each element, for example, the atomic weight, density, atomic radius, crystal structure, etc., concludes the introductory portion of the book.<br />Much of the  remainder of the book is dedicated to the detailed description of the  elements,  each consisting of two pages, occasionally four (when describing Al, Ti, Fe, Cu, W, Au, Pb, U).  Such description includes (1) a color photo of the element in its natural state or in a compound (mostly for those found in the solid state at room temperature) or a photograph of the individual after whom the element was named; (2) its occurrence, properties, abundance, etc.; (3) plenty of illustrations (also in color) of objects made from and/or containing the same element; (4) the position in the periodic table; (5) the crystal structure; (6) the \\"electron order filling\\"; (7) the atomic emission spectrum; (8) the  state of matter (melting,  boiling point, etc).<br />The book concludes with a chapter on \\"The Joy of Element Collecting\\", followed by a photograph of the author in his laboratory, the bibliography, the acknowledgements, the index, and  a fold-out periodic table showing, in addition to the symbol and atomic number, a  color photo of the element in its natural state or in a compound  or a photo of the individual after whom the element was named.  Such photos are the same as the ones in the element description.  Very attractive are the amount and quality of the color illustrations which are so beautifully presented,  the book could be used as a coffee table ornament.  It certainly is on my coffee table. Beautiful illustrations - along with an interesting dry humor used in the description of the elements - make the process of learning dramatically more enjoyable.<br />Shortcomings?  The author has provided a picture of the crystal structure for each element, but not a name for it, an omission of which he is  aware: he has added the  names of those structures to the card version of the work. The individual descriptions are sometimes incomplete and may be inaccurate,  for example, diamonds are not a fraud (page 181), they are the hardest substance on earth, there is no doubt that they are beautiful, and more than deserve the special attention that they receive.  Some important information which is missing refers to the actual value of the precious metals.  For example, silver may be more affordable as a coinage metal (page 115)  for the average individual owing to its smaller market price.  But gold is a better investment. because - due to its high value - a relatively small amount may be sufficient for substantial profits.  Smaller amounts are carried around much more easily than large amounts.<br />All in all, it is a beautiful book, despite the minor shortcomings.as the ones in the element description.  Very attractive are the amount and quality of the color illustrations which are so beautifully presented,  the book could be used as a coffee table ornament.  It certainly is on my coffee table. Beautiful illustrations - along with an interesting dry humor used in the description of the elements - make the process of learning dramatically more enjoyable.  Shortcomings?  The author has provided a picture of the crystal structure for each element, but not a name for it, an omission of which he is  aware: he has added the  names of those structures to the card version of the work. The individual descriptions are sometimes incomplete and may be inaccurate,  for example, diamonds are not a fraud (page 181), they are the hardest substance on earth, there is no doubt that they are beautiful, and more than deserve the special attention that they receive.  Some important information which is missing refers to the actual value of the precious metals.  For example, silver may be more affordable as a coinage metal (page 115)  for the average individual owing to its smaller market price.  But gold is a better investment. because - due to its high value - a relatively small amount may be sufficient for substantial profits.  Smaller amounts are carried around much more easily than large amounts.  All in all, it is a beautiful book, despite the minor shortcomings.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Most other reviewers have covered everything relevent - this is a dvd with 3 different workouts, all of which are a 3 series circuit of 3 min of weights, 2 min cardio, and 1 min abs. The exercises are great but obviously there aren't all that many.  My biggest irritation is that there is no way to skip the intro and the Biggest Loser promo before getting to the workout unless you leave the DVD in and it starts from the same place and you can just go back a bit. It is so annoying when you have a short window to workout and you can't skip those few minutes of unnecessary video.  Other than that, they're great exercises and sufficient variety to pop in to keep your workout routine fresh and the concept of weights/cardio/abs is great.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Very good! I use it every Sunday at church and I love every minute of it. The notes section is especially useful. If you get this app, you won't regret it!
B000MQC9H4|4.0|The Holiday is a fun movie about relationships that work and those that don't.  The travel aspect is a bonus.  Jack Black as a romantic lead is a revelation.  Jude Law is at his most appealing!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Its okay... but honestly the games aren't really fun, they're extremely hard and the controls are impossible. that and I composed all the games I have and I don't have the money for more. the games could use to be cheaper.
0812992792|5.0|I'm not going to tell you what this book is about, what I'm going to tell you is what it did to me.<br /><br />I was taken back, to all horrors I saw behind a country in a seemingly pink-facade, loud tinkling circus music in the background, paper-thin girls dancing through practiced moves, terrified, children with arms so fragile they looked like small dolls, a nation of cataract sufferers, a Kafka'esque, outwardly military-first policy but without kerosene to move the gun-truck crew, a million hidden, tiny flaws, seemingly overcome by thousands of actors in the last Stalinist state on earth.<br /><br />I had to remind myself this is fiction, but the kind of fiction that makes you think of where your own life could have gone, if only by the luck of being born.  Add personal, indelible experiences in-country, dreamily thinking of a white beach in Wonsan, where every care is supplied, where all is well and good, where adulation of the Dear Leader is all that's required...then Wham! the book's dreamscape comes to life, grips you by the shoulders and head with a roundhouse Taekwondo kick and toughens that indelible piece of your mind that's still in denial....that place you keep the pain nice and safe.<br /><br />The book haunts my dreams.  The book makes me question the reality around me.  It's like I spent a few hours dipping my toes into Hell, wondering if I'm not the same actor, just without a loudspeaker exhorting me along.<br /><br />Read the book and Just Know.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This app has pretty fun games and can get challenging. Great to play to pass the time when you're bored.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I love the look and feel of this. Though it's not really embossed, but rather just painted gold on the front, it has the great look of leather. The Kindle Fire fits well and it's exactly what I'd hoped.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|hi what is up I am only faint this for n j j k j k k k k k n n m j n
B0054JZC6E|3.0|hard games... terrible quality... good for any free app in the amazon app store. at least it works on a kindle fire
B00004ZAZZ|5.0|I live in America, so I've had and listened to the US version of Oops! since it came out, but now I thought \\"Hey, I'm going to buy the UK version.\\" and I'm so glad I did. There are 3 bonus  tracks on this CD, and they are great! If you are going to refurbish your copy of Oops, don't settle for the US version, get the UK version. Now I have both, yay!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|get this game it is so much fun I cant stop playing it I repeat get this very fun game I love it because there's a lot of games
B0041B4B8G|5.0|I see a lot of exclusive items especially for Best Buy....most times with only a few trivial extras.  But this however is awesome, you get both theatrical and unrated versions plus the extra movie.  The journal that comes with it is actually pretty hilarious. So this is more worth the money than the other editions. The sad thing is, best buy has stopped making them so they are hard to find.  They will probably be extremely hard to find even on amazon if you don't grab one soon.
030726999X|4.0|Kept me reading, page after page. Like the other two, the descriptions are rich and there is a depth of character here that is rare in other works. Probably the most impressive, however, is the tying together of loose ends from the first two books in this series.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I haven't had any trouble getting this app to work on my Kindle Fire and the always-on notification is perfect for checking the forecast quickly. Severe weather warnings are noticeable and it's easy to click through for more information, including radar. A necessary replacement for the awful preinstalled Weather Channel app on Fire.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|Thought this would be a breeze to find - it's a classic. Was I ever wrong - until I looked for it on Amazon. They had the copy I was looking for at the price I wanted to pay. This was a gift, so I also had time constraints in ordering it. Not to worry - everything arrived in plenty of time. Guess I'm glad it wasn't readily available as I found several other gifts at the same time.
B001AX9DT0|5.0|I am very pleased with my order..The music is great and the service was really fast,I recieved my cd within the time I was quoted..thank you Amazon..
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|This was one of several gifts I found on Amazon, when I was looking for a hard-to-find gift. The price was right, the shipping timely and it was a breeze to order. It was just what the person wanted and was very easy for me to get and give.
B000VBIGD6|5.0|I have always enjoyed Chevy Chase in the National Lampoon movies.  We watched this with my two granddaughters, and I forgot that there is some questionable language in the movie, but it is still as funny as ever.  A great holiday tradition to relieve some stress.
B00632HWOG|4.0|I have been using this exclusively for my email for over a month. It took a while to learn how to use it on my Fire. The app does not automatically refresh in the inbox (but it does in other folders) so you have to touch the menu button and touch refresh to force it to fetch more emails when deleting/moving emails. If this is fixed, I'll come back and edit this review to give it 5 stars.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|The Pacific Theater interests me more than the European, probably because my Dad was a WW2 Marine and because I heard stories about it from other Pacific veterans.  I suppose it is almost a matter of worship for me, because the Dads on my block were almost all Marine and Navy veterans of WW2.  I have also read extensively on the subject.  That being said, this is a very well told video rendition of the Pacific War.  The gear is authentic.  The acting is very good.  The battle scenes are so vivid and violent that I wanted them to end.  However, I think that the Marines are portrayed as being less likable in this series than were the soldiers in \\"Band of Brothers.\\"  They are often brutal, but the brutality of the Japanese, which engendered the Marines' response, is not adequately explored. There are three main characters Leckie, Sledge, and Basilone. In the case of Sledge, the Marines in his unit are depicted as being quite different than the people described by Sledge in his memoir, \\"With The Old Breed.\\"  Indeed, it is hard to find a hero in either Sledge's or Leckie's units.  There were many scenes in the series which were recognizable interpretations of incidents in Sledge's memoir, but in almost every case, the Marines were depicted as being more brutal than depicted by Sledge, and/or the justification of the Marines' violent reaction was omitted.  For instance, in one scene of the video, Sledge and his buddy accost a Japanese POW on a muddy trail and are only prevented from harming him by officers.  In Sledge's book, the POW initiated the confrontation by stepping into the path of the Marines, taking an aggressive stance, and refusing to budge. I haven't re-read Leckie's book, \\"Helmet For My Pillow\\" since I watched the video, so I can't speak how close the video followed Leckie's story, but Leckie does not come across as a particularly admirable person in the series.  Of the three main characters only John Basilone comes across as a true hero.  Yes, at first he drinks and womanizes when off duty, but he never falters in performing his duty.  The baseball game scene at the end of \\"Band Of Brothers\\" was a masterful way to complete the series, and \\"The Pacific\\" ends with individual wrap-ups of the lives of the surviving characters and/or their relatives.  It was not as touching, but the format of the series made it necessary.  \\"Band of Brothers\\" did not attempt to take the viewer through the war from the first US ground campaign to its end the way \\"The Pacific\\" did.  I think that \\"The Pacific\\" should have been told the way \\"Band of Brothers\\" was - as one unit's struggle through the war from that unit's first campaign to its last.  The musical score is definitely not memorable, either.  So to summarize, this was the greatest video/series/movie ever made about the Pacific War, but it could have been better.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Very intertaining. Helps time go by. It is my favorite thing to do. I awlways have a great time with it.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|Practical and straight forward way to protect your kindle fire as well as act as a stand. It just works! I was surprised how well the stands work.
B004FOA84A|3.0|I finished this game in. one sitting. It was fun but way too short! This probably should be free. I wish I could find a game with these type of puzzles but much longer.
B0064T6LV8|5.0|works great on my kindle fire and is so much fun!  I always am playing this app and it's free!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Simple, fun and easy.  Time flies by.  The sound is a nice touch.  When I need a break from reading I play a few games.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|I had an amazing time reading these trilogy and I love every one of them. What an emotional roller coaster ride to Christian and Ana's life together from getting to know you to married life. I hope Ms. James will follow the book with Christian FOV. Ms. James is one great talented author and I'm looking forward to her other books to come.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games was amazing. I finished it in 2 days since i couldn't just stop myself from reading it. The climax was so exciting......I don't have much to say. It was really nice; you should read it.
1932907009|5.0|I'll be honest, I bought other books after this one, but most were unecessary.  Blake Snyder tells you everything you need to know and you can fight it, like I did and buy other books thinking it was more complex than that or..you know you can just believe me and the book and know that this is it.  Nothing more.  Nothing less.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its cute... takes upp your time when your bored... games are challenging... just get it. if you don't like it delete it. I'm mean seriously its free.
0307887960|5.0|Losing weight after the age of 65 is difficult to think about but the Dukan Diet is fantastic. I've been on the diet for 19 days and have lost over 20 pounds while eating all I want as often as I want. This is a fantastic diet and easy to stay on. I started at 279 pounds with a goal weight of 200 and I'm projected to reach that weight in 4 to 5 months. Life is good!
B005DZMODI|5.0|I've read most of the reviews here, and have little to add about the quality of the CD, and the excellent production on the DVD. However, the Jazz at Lincoln Center ensemble is wonderful. And at the top of the list is Chris Crenshaw on trombone. He may be the most exciting trombone player I've heard in years. His technique is marvelous, and his tone is spectacular, muted or unmuted. He even does a nice job on the one song he sings. Watch out for him in the future!
B0063IH60K|3.0|Very easy game to play. Great beginner game. Has hints for the beginner. You can win easy. Great picture quality. Fun to play
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is very good. I play this all day. Add more games to it. My favorite game to play.
0312576463|2.0|I hate to give up on a novel, but after 300 pages I gave up on FREEDOM. It's a hard read: the story of a marriage that shouldn't have been and an adulterous affair that brings only temporary comfort. Well-worn territory.<br /><br />When John Updike wrote about infidelity and marriages that barely hold together, he did it with touches of humour and a fluid prose style that was a joy to read. John Irving can be long-winded but his characters have an endearing 'oddness' about them. Jonathan Franzen here gives us a frankly plodding minute-by-minute account of a doomed marriage. There's a little humour, but not enough. His long paragraphs and leaden sentences seem to belong to an earlier era in American fiction: Faulkner, say, or Melville - great writers, yes, but stylistically very slow and dense. Franzen needs an editor with a large stash of blue pencils!<br /><br />FREEDOM feels like it's an important novel about contemporary life and mores, but it gets bogged down in its own self-importance. I have similar issues with England's favoured son Martin Amis, so the problem may lie with me rather than with the authors.<br /><br />Reviewer is the author of [[ASIN:1849234027 Shaikh-Down]]
B006R8GK2Q|5.0|This game is a little like &quot;Mystery of the Crystal Portal&quot; and &quot;Special Enquiry Detail.&quot; If you liked those, you will like this one. Classic mode is timed and relaxed is not. More well thought out hidden objects games like this one, please.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is amazingly fun! I play it everywhere! I love the darts game, its really fun. I would be happy if the points didn't come to you so easily.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Metallica puts out another great album death magnetic.<br />almost 75 mins for 10 songs. What a ride that is my apocalypse !
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like this game because it has a lot of games. Plus you have turn points to unlock other games. Also the games are really really fun. Some of the games can be hard but most are really fun and easy.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Nice job devs! - Great game - Lot of fun - Smooth running - Fine graphics<br />...and a heck of a thumb exercise!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it is a fun game some of the games were a little stupid but that's to be expected with a free game.
B0058VW36U|3.0|it is a O.K game and it gets really hard but it is more fun at level 1 and 2 LIZARDS RULE
B004MC8CA2|5.0|i love the bible app it comes in handy alot.especially because my family are christians and like to read the wrd
B0050UEVNM|3.0|Do not expect to be delighted when watching this movie.  It's only okay. Even Sean Connery couldn't elevate this one. Angelina Jolie wasn't very believable in her role. That's very unusual, because she usually does a good job.  If you are bored, it's fine, but it isn't anything to write home about.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|I haven't seen a Woody Allen film that blew me away since \\"Radio Days\\" ('87). Woody has given up on his idea of promoting New York City, and has drifted to Europe. He apparently has found new inspiration with Paris. This lovely fantasy serves him well with the history and its potential. His customary love of music is period-perfect, and the cleverness of the script is a testament that this man's creativity still thrives.<br /><br />Owen Wilson whines mercilessly at the beginning, and Rachel McAdams is as vapid a rich-bitch as can be, but once Wilson finds his inspiration, he embraces it without reservation, indeed, accepting that he was born at the wrong time. The characterizations are good, and there are enough surprises along the way to make this a most enjoyable romp.<br /><br />I don't understand how the Indie Spirit awards work, since Woody wasn't mentioned at all, and the guy who plays Hemingway was nommed for Supp Actor (he was very fine), the film's only nom.<br /><br />I'm glad to have seen this film, and, with the exception of \\"Vicky C.B.\\", Woody hasn't entertained me as much in many years. It also might be Woody's largest ensemble cast, and all succeed. Marion Cotillard is luminous, gorgeous; Adrien Brody's Dali is delightful. I enjoyed it a lot.
B000J103PC|2.0|Meaningless tripe about the fashion world. Oh sure, our young heroine decides in the end that the high pressure life of top flight fashion power mongering she's tried to get involved in isn't for her, but nowhere is there any indictment of that \\"world\\" itself, and for sure the crossroads of celebrities and fashion design needs to be taken down a few rungs (more now than ever). Besides the paltry lesson of staying true to yourself and the friends you had before climbing the ladder to success, about th only major point hit home by the filmmakers is that those glossy fashion mags give hope to those sad boys who'd rather be sewing than palling around with the other fellows who like sports. Oh brother! Film doesn't work as just a light romantic comedy either, so it's a total failure.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|could be better.  no explanation of how to play the games. some of the games are great. others are bad.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its really gun but its hard to figure out how to play the game. Eugen u figure it out thought its fun.
B00511PTWM|1.0|Because of this item's massive size, it abutted my gearshift.  I should have been able to swivel it out of the way, but the position would not hold.  But worst of all, it wouldn't stay plugged in, causing my cell phone to lose its charge.
B004A8ZWXS|5.0|Steven Spielberg is a grade above most contemporary directors because he keeps his priorities right, on the story and relationships.  I hardly ever see movies in theaters today because most of them are crass and confusingly edited.  This movie's cinematography (by Janusz Kaminski) is rich and creative, and close-ups are used effectively to help you bond with the characters.  John Williams' music is once again enriching.  It is a movie about the adventures of a horse in World War I, but it's even more about the struggle to adapt and maintain stable relationships in war.  The horse is, for some of the characters, their closest companion.  Kind of like \\"Sarah, Plain and Tall:  Winter's End\\", War Horse's theme is about the need to build relationships as the fragility of life is impressed upon us.  In fact, at one point, the horse brings together the opposing sides in friendship in the \\"no man's land\\" between the trenches, reminiscent of the widespread real-life Christmas Truce which occurred in 1914.  Another thing that impresses me is the way it shows violence.  There's no blood on the whole movie that I saw, and powerful emotions of fear and relief are created through making you feel attached to the characters, not through graphic violence.  As a John Ford aficionado, I could see Ford's influence in Spielberg's storytelling, with the camera angle and position sometimes depicting an emotional closeness with the land and an ending told without words, like the end of Ford's movie The Searchers.  It left me with a wonderful feeling at the end of satisfaction and peace.  Way to go, Steven Spielberg!
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I am horrible at video games but his one was too much fun to stop.  This is a game anyone can play.  It is a great game to play for all ages.  My younger cousin told me I had to get it.  Great game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like that this app offers a variety of games!  it has over one hundred games and it is free!
B004LWZW4M|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. It was more \\"believable\\" and I appreciated the compassion shown by the characters.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|something to do when your board it.  helps pass the time. so if you like games download this app right away.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|this app works as it should on my Kindle Fire. it's fairly seemless with my computer and my Droid Razr.
B00006FDCD|5.0|When I purchased the Stephen King's movie IT it was not specified that it was a two sided dvd. This movie is in two parts, part one and two. I watched the DVD and it just ended at part one. I did not realize that part two was on the reverse side til about a week after purchasing the DVD. It is not labeled on the disc either. The only thing it says is additional content reverse side.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I Love having this on the kindle fire.  It runs perfectly and ive yet to experience any issues. I'd recommend
144234430X|4.0|I love historical fiction and have always idolized the Kennedys and always wondered what would have happened if JFK had not been killed in '63, how would the world be different? I guessed in this book, if JFK had been allowed to live out his life and be elected again...what would have happened? Since I was 3 when JFK was gunned down (and I think my own memories of that day were the reactions of my parents that made it so indelible on my psyche) but I had always assumed that if JFK and RFK had been allowed to govern the way they were groomed to do, our country and the world would have been a better place. Not necessarily DisneyLand, but better.<br /><br />Not so, according to Stephen King, who has written a highly imaginative book here that I listened to on Audible and finished today. I like the narrative, liked most of the characters, adored the exceptional love story between adults and, overall, it is a very good book. Yeah, you have to suspend belief for the main conduit of the story being this little invisible stairway to 1958...but that is why we read novels...to be swept up in an imaginary world and go for a walk with a storyteller.<br /><br />So, while I have no main criticism of the book or the story, I really hated the narrator. Firstly: he cannot do women's voices. And a lot of the men's voices sounded alike and when the reader is just reading narrative, sometimes it sounded like he was having trouble going from that impassive voice to one of the characters' voices. But it is his complete lack of ability to do women's voices well, or even give it a try (!) kinda ruined the book for me a bit. I also don't appreciate overacting~~which this guy does a lot. The only thing impressive to me is that Mr. Wasson was given this job with only 10 or so other books to his credit. I'm sure he will be getting more work since this book is so popular, but I won't seek him out. And I have listened to books because of a narrator before just because I love his voice so much.<br /><br />So.... overall, from me, the book, its self, gets 4 stars overall, 2 for performance and 5 for story.me, the book, its self, gets 4 stars overall, 2 for performance and 5 for story.
B004NELBPC|2.0|Great app aside from the slideshow NEVER showing the right photos. I always see pics from block party on July 11, 2009. Fix this already! Its been happening for months...
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love solitaire so this was the perfect app. I bought right after I found it. I hope you enjoy it also.
B0060FXBNM|4.0|This is a great price for the three on bluray. If I didn't already own them, I'd purchase this. It could be a little better with more special features or the third available in 3d Blu-ray, but like I said, at $30 it would still be worth it.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is an amazing app! This is the very best way to learn about the Word. With all the different versions and languages, ANYONE can reap the rewards of the Book. I would recommend this app. to all, young and old!
0307891372|5.0|I picked this guide up even before I had actually purchased the game, and I definitely wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />This guide has amazing value for it's price point. Over 600 pages of detailed, full color maps, instructions, and helpful data. Even for those like me who would only use a guide as a last resort to solving a puzzle or quest in a game, this guide is great just for collecting. That's why I bought it! It's truly a textbook dedicated to a fantastic game for cheaper than any of my college textbooks. It also comes with a pretty nice map which I know every video gamer loves.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I played this game for hours with my cousins for hours and they could have been rising horses and that is cooler
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a little laggy and pixalated but the earn points and buying games with those points is fun and the fact that all the games are random.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|I was immediately struck by the excellent quality of the final result of this performance. These gentlemen are masters at their craft! It's also an amazing concert and light show and 'Shine on you crazy diamond' is soooo touching... I've never experienced Pink Floyd live and I definitely intend to now as soon as the opportunity presents itself (2013?)
B000AP04FG|2.0|Marriage is a beautiful and rich gift - when it works.  In the real world, because of fallen human nature, it's sometimes more about killing each other.  Usually it's just looks that kill and words that bite, but in this romantic action comedy film, the two main characters are real-life assassins who turn against each other in a very real bid to take each other out.<br /><br />Mr and Mrs John and Jane Smith (played by real life husband and wife Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie) begin the film like many a married couple - on a couch, discussing their marital woes and observing how there seems to be so much distance between them.  The distance turns out to be far more than both of them could ever have imagined.  For over five years of marriage, they have both kept much of their real lives hidden from each other, including the fact that they are skilled assassins working for different companies.  It's while on assignment that they discover their true identities, but now they are commissioned to eliminate each other.  The first part of the film sets up this conflict, then moves into some stirring action sequences, with the highlight being a frenzied and violent battle between both protagonists in their home, until the very last moment when love triumphs over hate, and they lay down their guns and team up.  Then just when you thought the film was over, it switches gears, and the last part of the story sees them working together as a team against both their firms, who pull out all stops to terminate both of them.  The PG-13 rating is accounted for mostly by all the gunfire, bloodshed, explosions and the high body count needed to make this happen, as well as considerable sexual innuendo.<br /><br />For me the film just didn't work.  Marriage is intended to be a beautiful thing, and to see a married couple's strife escalate to the point where they are trying to kill each other was just painful to watch, even worse than watching  a train wreck.  Seeing the intense violence of a husband and wife kicking and punching and shooting each other in an all out effort to murder the other is not my idea of fun.  This wasn't helped by the fact that the film trivialized the conflict by taking on a comic tone, which minimized the very real  difficulties that some couples can experience in their relationships - and when it happens, it's no laughing matter.  The fact that the film was a comedy also didn't rescue the fact that the story-line was so unbelievable, particularly the critical and totally ridiculous point where the Smiths move from turning against each other to working together.  In real life, pulling out all stops to kill each other doesn't bring back the spark of love or inflame passion.  And it becomes just a bit too much to ask viewers to suspend their disbelief even further in the action sequences which follow, where our heroes take out a gazillion highly trained soldiers, while barely breaking into a sweat or getting a scratch.<br /><br />Rather than succeeding as a comedy, for me this film was a real tragedy, and epitomizes how Hollywood sometimes gives superficial treatment to very serious issues in the real world.  Even the `happy' ending doesn't make up for this.  Regrettably, for me the comic story of Mr & Mrs Smith just left me feeling disappointed.  There are many very real Mr & Mrs Smiths out there who experience the tragedy of this film in their marriages, and sadly it's no laughing matter. - GODLY GADFLYhusband and wife kicking and punching and shooting each other in an all out effort to murder the other is not my idea of fun.  This wasn't helped by the fact that the film trivialized the conflict by taking on a comic tone, which minimized the very real  difficulties that some couples can experience in their relationships - and when it happens, it's no laughing matter.  The fact that the film was a comedy also didn't rescue the fact that the story-line was so unbelievable, particularly the critical and totally ridiculous point where the Smiths move from turning against each other to working together.  In real life, pulling out all stops to kill each other doesn't bring back the spark of love or inflame passion.  And it becomes just a bit too much to ask viewers to suspend their disbelief even further in the action sequences which follow, where our heroes take out a gazillion highly trained soldiers, while barely breaking into a sweat or getting a scratch.<br /><br />Rather than succeeding as a comedy, for me this film was a real tragedy, and epitomizes how Hollywood sometimes gives superficial treatment to very serious issues in the real world.  Even the `happy' ending doesn't make up for this.  Regrettably, for me the comic story of Mr & Mrs Smith just left me feeling disappointed.  There are many very real Mr & Mrs Smiths out there who experience the tragedy of this film in their marriages, and sadly it's no laughing matter. - GODLY GADFLY
B004MC8CA2|5.0|It's not just a Bible.  I love all of the devotional choices that it offers.  I am currently reading through the Life Application Bible devotional and just finished the one they have for Christmas.
B0062NAX1U|1.0|Rented this and even though it was only a buck, it was still too much. Terrible acting, terrible plot, absolute waste of time.
B000GY729M|3.0|Compared to \\"Hot Fuss\\" and \\"Sawdust\\" this album is a bit of a disappointment. The musicianship and the sounds are there, but somehow I feel, when listening to the album that there is a lack of good memorable songs - at least compared to the two afore-mentioned albums.<br /><br />\\"When We Were Young\\" is a great indie-pop rocker and a deserved big hit song. \\"Bones\\" is okay but no more; it has a great video by the way. Third single \\"Read My Mind\\" is quite good and another of the releatively few highlights.<br /><br />The title track is much better in the \\"Sawdust\\" version - somehow the great melody is lost in this upbeat version. I quite like the closing track \\"Exitlude\\" in spite of its obviously unpretentious approach.<br /><br />The rest of the songs don't really stick with me.
B00005JNBQ|5.0|I bought Napolian Dynamite from you it came in fast and was in better condition than I expected. Great purchase I hope I am this satisfied with all my future purchases and I will reuse this seller. Again thanks
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|Our family absolutely loved the final two Harry Potter movies.  We watched part one on Friday evening and could hardly wait to see part two on Saturday.  The action, special effects and sound were all fantastic!  And the ending that takes place years later, was so unexpected and heartwarming.
888370536X|5.0|This is a good mini notebook for composers who like to write their ideas down as they come.  I only wish they had the same product with soft cover so it could fit comfortably in one's pocket.
B00127RAJY|5.0|It took me 3 tries to be able to make it through this DVD once. I found myself swearing (out loud) at the tv screen at Jillian. But once you make it through, you feel like a champion.  After doing it the first time, I literally could not walk or lift my arms higher than waist height. I really like the ab workouts. Hopefully one day I can make it to level 2 and 3.  I like that all you need is two hand weights and a yoga mat for the ab work and push ups (if you have wooden floors like me)
B0063IH60K|5.0|game graphics are very good..it's a great way to kill time in doctors office waiting room. highly recommended. would buy if not already free.
B003XRELGQ|5.0|This was the book that turned me on to Kurt Vonnegut. I've read all this novels since, but Cat's Cradle remains in many ways my favourite. Along with the humour and the invention, there's a genuine heart to this book, and it touches me again every time I read it.
0741470314|5.0|Dr Moriarity, the author, showed Michael as a kind and loving human being.  She did an amazing job in portraying him,  BRILLIANT!!  This book is a must  read for all of Michael's fans around the world, and for readers  who will discover the unique person he truly was.    I cried for the  world's loss...you will too..  Great book:  read it!!!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I had never played Solitaire before i got my android phone, and I actually got a different app before this one, and I was totally lost. This app really helped me learn how to play solitaire.
030716327X|5.0|This was eather a $1 more or the same price as just the book if I rember right so thats why I give it 5 stars, If I rember right my uncle said the bunny was soft and cute so thats good for babies, dont wana get a newborn a machete if you know what I mean, The book was a book my mom read to me when I was a baby cause my names patrick, so when she wanted to get the book for her niece cause she rembered it being realy cute I found this neat lil pack deal and jumped on it. So short review long... the bunny is probly cheaply made, idk fore sure, but I do know it  is soft and cute and the book is cute too, so I been told, I never read it and was like 1 when it was read to me so I dont rember. GREAT GIFT for baby shower or newborn or basicly any human that like 3 or younger, when on tite buget or even when ballen in the $$$ and looking for somthing cute on the side
B0054JZC6E|3.0|fun for lazy days but mediocre graphics and poor controls. games are easy and mindless which is perfect.  overall app is worth the download
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Excellent selection of games.  Earning points to unlock more games keeps me challenged.  I like the mixture of games that require different skills.  Overall it is great.
1856697525|5.0|Saul Bass: A Life in Film & Design is the first retrospective book on the 20th century's film title master and what an awesome one at that. Just buy this book. It's amazing.
B000GG4XJM|5.0|This is a different side of the artist. Worth getting this collection of old american songs to listen to. Bruce sings a little different. SW
B000AJJNPY|5.0|When I first heard \\"Hoppipolla\\" about two years ago, I knew that Sigur Ros was about to become one of my favorite bands. \\"Hoppipolla\\" was beautiful, emotional, and like nothing I'd ever heard before--and when I got the rest of this album I was simply overwhelmed by the beauty of it.  Takk...is a ridiculously amazing album. I don't think I'll ever stop proclaiming its greatness. Every track is strong, and especially so when played together in succession, for an unearthly and incredible experience. Takk...has hit the spot for me feeling almost every emotion possible. Sometimes I feel like standing on street corners telling people to buy it just so that I know they'll have something this beautiful in their life.  After Takk..., I am now a dedicated Sigur Ros fan, but this album will always be my favorite of theirs, perhaps even my favorite album ever. When I'm sad or afraid, it calms me. When I'm bursting, it makes me reflect. When I'm confused, it settles me. It's emotionally stirring and much too beautiful to ever be discounted.  My favorite song is \\"Se Lest\\" or the unforgettable \\"Hoppipolla.\\" But every song is a work of art. You won't regret this album.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Excellent app for the Kindle Fire. I like the \\"Winning Deal\\" when the \\"Random Deal\\" keeps beating me badly!!! Nicely done!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|It is a good game when you have some time to waste. My son loves playing this with me, some are harder than others for kids.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is a fun game that will never get old. Lots of games to play. This will keep me up at night.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This is just what you would expect from spider solitaire. Free is a very good price. four more words done
0525478817|5.0|Wonderfully written novel that navigates love, death, youth and oblivion gracefully with his story in ways that are hilarious, insightful and terribly painful. I loved this book.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|all the Bible apps are pretty similar this one is free and has a great narrator. I would recommend to anyone.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|There are some really neat games in this pack. I would say that a large majority of the games are really good. A few I didn't care for but that's bound to happen when you have such a large group of games. I would recommend this for download. Best games in my opinion are the wishing one and the darts.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|you get to play 101+16. I think it's a great game for kid's.get the game.the game can be upgraded too.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I love this game because its a really fun game! it is a awesome game to and I heard its a really cool game.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Works well on the Kindle Fire.  Many different translations to choose from, and a nice assortment of reading plans as well.  Every so often a menu choice doesn't work on the first try, but overall all features work.  I'd pick it again if I were shopping for a Bible app.
0307959856|4.0|I have always wondered what happened after Darcy and Elizabeth were married.  And I have always admired the story and language of a P. D. James novel.  It's a magical match, from my point of view.  I experienced the thrill of the mystery while gaining a satisfying insight as to what might have been the forever after story of Darcy and Elizabeth.  James has stayed within the period and characters given to her without seeming to be confined.  Don't come to this novel with your 21st century need for speed or craving of sensational crime.  Come to it with your desire to have your curosity satisfied while reading a great story of human beings in relationships that are complex, long in the making and not easily tossed aside.
B004EPZ084|5.0|OMG, I bought this movie a month ago and have watchted it once a week to give myself a pick-me-up.  I laughed so hard at Charlie Day's character, Dale.  He is funny - ridiculously funny.  There is one part where he is in the back seat of his friend's car, being chased by one of the horrible bosses, and Dale is telling his boss Julia how he is going to sex her up...  pee your pants funny.  Jennifer Aniston is a shocking surprise in this movie - a little filthy mouth slut and she is FABULOUS in the part (she is also beautiful).  I think I liked every character... Jason Bateman is good in everything he plays in - no surprise there (except when he agrees that his boss has to die).  I did not expect to like Jason Sudeikis in this movie, but he really plays a great part and is actually funny.  Buy this movie.  It is worth every penny if you like to laugh.
B005CMSDLE|2.0|This was a more brutal film for young adults then I thought i would be. I yhought it would be more like an agnet film then it was.
B003Y5H574|4.0|Steve Carell and Julianne Moore were great as a married couple and from the very beginning of the story, you wanted to see them work out the infidelity problem (which esculate on Steve's part - he sleeps with 9 women compared to her sleeping with 1 man - Kevin Bacon). The story took a few turns on the un-believeable side... but it was funny and silly at the same time.  I liked Emma Stone's part of the daughter and had never seen Ryah Gosling in a movie before, he was gorgeous - I can see him going far in motion pictures.
B000HF0ISC|5.0|An amazing and heartfelt story of four boys from Hell's Kithchen, broken in their youth through abuse and torture, brought back together years later to avenge the crimes committed against them when they were helpless and afraid.  This allstar cast tells a story difficult to tell as well as to hear.
B004EPZ070|2.0|I think Ginnifer Goodwin is adorable.  I love Kate Hudson.  I think I was expecting something different from this film and I guess I got what I expected.  It was different.  2 women, best friends forever, lots of cheating and lying going on, broken hearts, more cheating and in the end, it's all a-okay. I was disappointed.  Kate Hudson gets excited in the end to have a baby with a total spaced out grown up who acts like a teenager.  Really?  It just didn't fit. I think I have to watch it again to look for a reason to like the film.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love having so many versions of the Word at my fingertips. I also love being able to search for a scripture based on a small phrase.  And, now I can do it all on my kindle!
B004T4KQJS|5.0|Lawrence Krauss extends his excellent video into an updated version of the flat zero energy universe that emerges by the balancing out of negative energy of gravity and positive energy of through motion(inflation) and matter. As a result of this environment, quantum fluctuations , provided what was needed to create the solar systems and milky ways ,in these zero energy vacuum universes. Like Hawking ,he uses Feynman`s \\"sum of histories\\" or \\"sum of paths\\", a quantum concept for predicting the probability of virtual particles popping in out of existence on a subatomic level and transfers it to virtual universes popping into existence but zero energy allows these universes to stay in existence and bypass Heisenberg`s Law of Uncertainty. We therefore have a multiverse of universes. He uses these concepts with brilliance to illustrate why we do not need a creator and how the universe and it`s laws are self sustaining. These ideas and mathematics are a product of physicists over the last forty years from Professor Guth to Linde who were involved with the Chaotic Inflation and Alexander Vilenkin's Model of Cosmic Origins and Hawking. A great summary for the background of Cosmology is John Gribbin`s Cosmology for Beginners. <...>.  One thing I came away with was that nothing is not really nothing because the evidence indicates that there are laws and energies that embody and govern this nothingness.  Lawrence Krauss integrates all the ideas with humour and creativity to stimulate anyone with a desire to learn more about the Cosmos.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app for kindle fire and iphone! I use it everyday!! As a pastors wife it I a vital ministry tool.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great solitaire app. Simple and with no extra frills. Nicely done. A must have on any system. Stop reading this and get it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this was an amazing app that I loved I think everyone else will love it too!  the only thought I have is wow
B00393SFU2|5.0|It's pretty much a foregone conclusion that Fritz Lang's M from 1931 is one of the cinema's greatest treasures. This meticulous study of a pathological child murderer who is sought by both the authorities and the underworld is still chilling even after 80 years. Lang's  compelling visual style comes through in each frame as both factions of society close in on the elusive serial killer.  Peter Lorre's arresting, star making performance is really the forerunner of every movie psychotic that followed. The concept of generating sympathy for such a heinous character is just as daring now as it was then, and Lorre brilliantly embodies the psychosis of a child/man doomed with a pre-disposed inclination for murder.  Criterion's Blu-ray edition of this famous classic is a joy to behold. The clarity of the black and white image is beautiful and razor sharp, with consistently fine grain resolution that replicates 35mm film. There's a few instances of minimal wear inherent in the source print, which is understandable for a film of this vintage. The crisp monaural sound reproduction makes us appreciate even better Lang's innovative use of the technology which only arrived four years prior to M.  The array of extras include an intelligent commentary by Anton Kaes and Eric Rentschler, a fascinating and revealing interview with Lang from 1975, an historic look at M and its road to  restoration, a gallery of rare photos and production sketches, and a handsome, celebratory booklet. A special bonus is the British version which incorporates dubbing and re-shot scenes with different actors. Lorre, however, replays his entire ending monologue in English.  One of my all-time personal favorites, M is an essential addition to every classic film enthusiast's collection, and this sparkling Blu-ray is as good as it can get.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Easy to use. Just fun to play! I've played many solitaire games and I like this one just as much!
B002KSPKRS|1.0|Bought these for Christmas and returned them within a week of using them. The quality of the speakers is horrible, every time there was a deep bass noise it would be accompanied by this crackling noise. As for the wireless, it works. Just make sure to keep it away from other 2.4 Ghz devices. I decided to buy the Razer Chimaera 5.1 headset in place of the X41's since I was able to get it on sale for the same price at $139. They are fantastic btw, but I'm sure anything other than these trashy turtle beach headsets.
B00632HWOG|5.0|great app..no problems at all. definitely made checking my mail more convenient I am able to scroll through my messages just fine
0061122416|3.0|It is a story about a shepherd that is pretty happy with his life.  He then meets a couple of people who tell him to go seek a treasure in Egypt.  Along the way he learns about life and the ups and downs.  There are a lot of quotes of wisdom, omens and religious tones. I have always heard you have to read it.  So I read it, the ending was the worth reading the whole book.  It is short and simply written.
0385534639|3.0|While the description of the circus is breathtaking, and makes you feel as if you are truly walking through the winding pathways and tents, the full story gets lost in the theatrics.  The story truly only becomes captivating around page 270, while the first 270 pages feel like the story is just an excuse to illustrate the author's imagination. I would have preferred a more dynamic story within the beautiful creation of the circus.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its fun, addictive, all my friends.have it and its a great time. it gives me something to do, everyone should play it.
1400052181|5.0|I can't fathom how anyone could not be moved by this book.  Even if you disallow the bad things that happened to Henrietta during her life and how she was treated by the medical establishment of the time, just the fact that her cells are still alive, still reproducing, and unlike any other found to date should awe the reader.  I rank this as one of the top 5 books I've EVER read.
B005K17RU0|4.0|nice weather app. I use it for skiing and it's pretty accurate. nice clean graphics, the only thing is that sometimes it doesn't automatically load even if I am connected to wifi.
B0015DROBO|5.0|This book is a first-class thriller that has deservedly and justifiably become the sensation that it has.  It is tragic that the author didn't live to see the sensational success of the Millennium Trilogy.  But it is a fitting tribute to him that these books have made such an impression and are so well-loved by millions.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|A fantastic time passer.  You will love it too!  The best part is the variety of games. You won't be bored!
B000KJT8IG|5.0|I bought this movie because it's one of my favorite Christmas Movies and it comes in great on blu-ray. I bought it at a great price as well.
0439023521|4.0|I really liked the book. The characters were authentic and genuine. But I don't think the storyline is as original as some people think. It seemed like a marriage between The Running Man and The Long Walk with a twist.
B005DOKL3E|5.0|After receiving my Kindle Fire, I decided that I wanted something to protect it when I put it in my purse or backpack.  After searching the available options, I decided on a sleeve since I like to use my Fire \\"naked\\". This sleeve looks great and fits the Fire absolutely perfectly. It has plenty of padding to keep my Fire safe while in my bag. The coral color looks beautiful, and the color matches the picture exactly. The sleeve fits like a glove. I have read others who say that they think it is too tight and that the zipper will scratch the sides of the Fire. I don't agree. It fits perfectly, and the plastic zipper doesn't scratch the sides in any way at all.  The strap on the front is also useful. It can be used as a hand strap when holding the case, which makes it feel very secure in my hand. It also says Kindle on it in embossed letters. It is discreet enough that it doesn't distract from the case.  I would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for some protection for their Kindle Fire. If you are like me and want to be able to hold your Fire \\"naked\\" while you use it (and really...it feels SO great and natural), then you will love this sleeve. Go for it!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|the first handiest thing is Microsoft Onenote.  But it doesn't have any really satisfactory mobile apps, and the beauty of Evernote is that you can import Onenote into it.  Oh yes, easy to take and synch ordinary on-the-fly notes, too.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game and its free it is a good game for kids and you get a lot of games for no money
B004SBQGHS|2.0|I started with the free version and it kept making my kindle freeze and not able to turn off or move around, as it said in the reviews. Then I tried this one, thinking that it would work better with the paid one. Still, it made my kindle freeze. I know that it is an awesome game to play, though.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game!!!! It has all the games I want. I don't even have to by any more apps.
0545265355|5.0|This was a gift and was ordered late. It arrived in plenty of time and in great shape. Thanks for fast service.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|enjoys the game lots of fun many levels some harder then others. some games are mire knowen then others. all games must haves a score of 4000 to.beat
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is great! so fun and so addicting love all the games and great for when you are bored defintley you should get it
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|its a good app but it gets boring after a while I cant get passed poached eggs! I'm going to try the new season of it
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really do enjoy this app. However so far my only complaint is that it fails too show you how to play each game...or the objective for that matter. Still really fun though and I like how you will never get bored
B0063GORYU|5.0|time spent relaxing. kindle fire makes this game friendly and moves fast. can be addicted to beware. use 2 suites to play at first. then you will. catch on fast
B005M2A4D4|5.0|The complete season six is unforgetable.  Matt Smith is outstanding as Dr. Who.  I cannot wait for season seven to begin!
0385534639|3.0|The descriptions of the circus were impressively imaginative, but there was little substance to give the novel any deeper meaning.  It was an engaging read, but I was left with little lasting impression as to what the point of the novel really was.  The characters lacked depth which was too bad, as this could have been an interesting coming of age story if more attention had been paid to their development.  Likewise, if the game itself and how it resolved were tied into some greater theme regarding our world or society the ending may have been more satisfying.  It was a nice escape, effectively creating nostalgia for childhood and an era when entertainment as simple as a circus could enchant the world, but ultimately superficial in its ideas and impact on the reader.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|just like chess, play it all the time, both single player and two.  no complaints from me.  I would def recommend a download
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome and its also very addicting i love it i just cant stop playing it has so many different type of games i just love it cant put it down and stop playing
B0061S073A|5.0|Love it. Keeps all the kids games nice and neat and keeps my phone safe. Pin is a nice touch.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The best book of the series.  Could not put this down, ended up blowing through the book in a day, and purchasing the the rest of the series.  A must read for teenagers & adults.
6305558167|5.0|I've seen this film many times and think it probably the best depiction of the Authorian legend I've ever seen in film. I'm so happy I could find the video through Amazon
