0670021652|5.0|I enjoyed this book more than Eat, Pray, Love.  I loved EPL as well.  This book was more educational.  Young people should read this before getting married.  It made me laugh and cry more than Eat, Pray, Love.  I enjoyed learning about how other cultures think about marriage and people from other times thought about marriage.  Before I got married, I had a preconceived, \\"Western\\" idea about what marriage is.  And then I got divorced.  After reading Committed, I am more open to different ideas of what marriage is.
B003INBNXO|5.0|I had a friend come over and tell me. Bruce Lee was Soft!! I was like what >>?? I was like no way u are Kidding right? Then he explained that he watched a movie based on Lee's master Ip Man and told me to watch the movie. Let me tell you I have watch a lot of Kung Fu movies this one by far is the best. I loved it so nuch that the next day I purchased Ipman 2. I back this movie 100%. love it!
0307346617|5.0|This book was recommended to me by one of my college students when I mentioned I enjoyed zombie films and books in class one day.  Very well written, told in a series of remembrences by survivors of the zombie holucaust.  Very enjoyable book.
B003JYOFIW|5.0|This is a terrific album, it is FRESH and nostalgic at the same time.  Everything you loved about DEVO is still there.  There is no reason not to love this new music.  Witty lyrics, catchy rhythms.<br />A DEVO fan will definitely want this.
B002RWKSII|5.0|Brian does it again...the man is truly a gift to the musical world. Brian's vocals, arrangements, and his group's backing are stunning. My favorite single moment might be the first 30 seconds or so of 'Nothing But Love.'
B003J27WFW|5.0|It's about time they did something like this.It sure makes you feel at home with the group.they seem to be the most approachable musicians I've ever wanted to know.I'm a bass player,and I just want to say that Geddy Lee is my only influence.Rush will truly live on forever.My belated condolences to Neil Peart for his loss.
B002VKE1K2|3.0|Paranormal Activity is a decent candidate for a Halloween night marathon, no doubt.  I enjoyed the slow, creepy build up of suspense overall but was really put off by the all too real moron male character in the film.  I've known a few of those kinds of turds: a 20-something body with a preteen brain and invincible mentality without an ounce of common sense.  Sure dummy, openly challenge something you neither see nor understand, and keeps messing with you in your sleep.  The flaming ouija board was over the top. The demonolist who was called later in the film but never arrived was a bit of a plot let-down (I think the writer/director forgot this detail, which is why he never showed.  No other explanation was offered.)  Then there's the implied 24-7 filming of everything that occurred in the house, but the video timestamp was present only half the time.  To top it all off he closing scene was...well...dumb.  Whatever.  Still a decent film in all rights, though certainly NOT a high paced exciting one.  Very few flaws, but enough to knock it down by two stars in my book.  Plenty of creep factor though.  I'd watch it again, but I doubt I'd go out of my way to do so.  Probably won't buy the DVD but I'm undecided.  It was a great idea that should have been executed a little better.
0061714372|5.0|It was a quick read.  It gave you a view of his Rock Star life, which for me was crazier than I thought it had been.  I thought it was well written, and as I read it, it seemed like if Dave was talking.    While this give us a view of his past life, I want to see his next book be about his most recent life.  Since I like knowing what Dave Mustaine thinks, he's witty, smart, I also think he should elaborate on something besides himself (ie does not have totally music related, just interesting).
B0036XN2L2|5.0|although not the best album ever, it really matters not at all to me. if the scorps released a c/w or punk album, i'd buy and listen just to hear klaus's voice.
B003J27WFW|5.0|It was great - the backstage - the personal stuff and interviews with family members.  Neil talking about his personal stuff and all......the music, the look back, the look forward.  And the dinner at the end with just the 3 of them and lots of wine and alot more laughter - absolutely hysterical!  I loved it!!
B002K0WBXW|1.0|I was not satisfied with this purchase . Unfortunatly the disk skips about half way through and doesn't play after that .
B003S897U0|5.0|This CD is intended to be a farewell to fans as the Crowes have announced an indefinite hiatus.  If they do in fact hang it up forever, they certainly left on a high note.  This two-for-one offering gives us mostly acoustic versions of the some of the more well known hits as well as some more obscure numbers.  The songs are mostly pooled from Money Maker, Southern Harmony, Amorica, Three Snakes, and one from By Your Side.  There are also a couple of cuts that were never officially released but have  been heard at their shows before.  What makes this release so special is that this particular line up of the band has really learned to feed off of each other and may be the best line up in the Crowes' history.  No one seems to dominate, yet everyone is essential.  Banjos, fiddles, and mandolins make frequent appearances in perfect spots.  These renditions often border on country, but you do not have to be a fan of the genre to be totally drawn in to these performances.    Another worthy note of this album is Chris's voice.  Occasionally his vocals are a bit rough, but it only adds to the authenticity of these songs.  His delivery is more passionate and soulful than any other current rock vocalist I can think of.  He does not need any auto tune software to bring a song to life.  One thing that was a bit frustrating for me about some of the earlier Crowes albums, Southern Harmony in particular, was that Chris's vocals were a bit buried in the mix.  Not here.  Whoever did the mixing did an outstanding job.  The vocals are crisp and clear and it never feels like Chris's singing is competing for space.  Because of this, I actually like the versions of Remedy and Thorn in My Pride much better on THIS album.  The \\"gospel\\" back up singers also add quite a punch on several tracks.  The throw-down in My Morning Song, for instance, sizzles and is quite a treat.    Croweology may not be their best release, but if a fire wiped out my collection, this would be the first one I would replace.  Hopefully we havent heard the last of them!!!
B003YBMNJI|1.0|Katy Perry is a no-talent, auto-tuned tramp who pushes the limits with the \\"explicit\\" tag on her songs just to get them noticed. There is nothing interesting about her music or satisfying about her singing. Her songs could be sung by a dozen other singers and no one would know any different. Interesting that she tried her hand at Contemporary Christian music first and failed. So now she swings the other direction with \\"explicit\\" content? That's cheap and easy, which for her is redundant.
B0034G4OWW|5.0|for those that got your movie reviews on internet before the movie actually was even out and never seeing it yourself or going in with an already altered opinion and view of it, why did you waste your money?  You are listening to people from various sites online or filtered thru tv, radio and online, (from never been seen before critics or half hazard hollywood wannabe actors and producers that only now can find a job bashing other actors work in a dark room)why aren't you spending it on the homeless, the poor, the uneducated, the forgotten of this world... I mean you certainly have a far superior mind by letting others decide something for you witout wasting your own time to find out for yourself... this movie like alot of others is amazingly what it was supposed to be..for the family, not rated xxx not violent in the type most people have come to expect everything as, its funny, cute, charming and witty, it has a great plot, excellant storyline and actually thought and a lot of heart put into it. from my toddler clear up to my college age bound student and various others of their friends and family members loved it... we saw it repeatedly when it was out playing in the theater and will be thrilled again to watch something that the entire family can watch and enjoy.... Brandon Fraser and cast of endless smiles he worked with on it, does it again by relating to both kids and adults alike and show a very important message and cause about the world we live in and what happens when we don't take care of it... its beautiful movie and deserves alot more credit then so called movie cretics gave it...
B003L77TZI|5.0|True to the title, this is gonna be a quick review. I think this is definitely the best album that has come out this summer; not only is it nicely scented, it's filled with sugary pop delight. This is Katy Perry's best album so far in my opinion. I believe with her first release (not the gospel album btw) she was really coming into her own and figuring out how to market herself. She has definitely made a great album and I recommend buying this sweet sweet record lol.<br /><br />Stand out tracks:<br />1 - Teenage Dream<br />2 - Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)<br />3 - California Gurls<br />5 - Peacock<br />6 - Circle The Drain<br />8 - E.T.
B000FVQM2Y|1.0|In this movie, all the characters use a kind of slang that tries to sound poetic, but sounds like gibberish instead.  Below are two examples:   Example # 1  DODE -- Heel it now, dig? BRENDAN -- Throw one at me if you want, hash-head.  I got all five senses and I slept last night.  That puts me six-up on the lot of you.&#34;  Example # 2  BRENDAN -- I need you to op.  Like on Jerr, but that was cake to this, and unlike Jerr, there's not much chance of coming out clean.  24/7 on this one.  You okay to op for me again? BRAIN -- So what first, tip the bulls? BRENDAN -- No.  Bulls would gum it.  They'd flash their dusty standards at the wide-eyes, probably find some yegg to pin, probably even the right one.  But they'd trample the real tracks and scare the real players back into their holes.&#34;  And on and on like this.  The dialog is awkward, but so, too, are the actors saying these lines.  I sensed they didn't understand this gibberish either, resulting in lines recited with either too much emotion or too little (and mostly too little).  I don't mind writers playing with language or using double-meanings, as long as it's done sparingly. The bending of language didn't feel playful.  It felt elitist...like someone using jargon to appear smarter than everyone else.  Not only was the elitist language trying too hard, but so, too, was the overly stylized camera shots and lighting. Out of nowhere, you'll get really close-up camera shots and dark scenes with only the face lit.  Again, I don't mind playing with the norm, but because it was so abrupt, it felt jarring rather than clever.  Because this movie had more flash than substance , I couldn't connect with the story or the characters. The story starts with Brendan trying to solve Em's mystery, but after awhile, I stopped caring if he solved it or not. And I'm someone who loves a good mystery.if he solved it or not. And I'm someone who loves a good mystery.
1597801577|4.0|I walked into Barnes and Noble a couple weeks ago and was perusing the newly released Sci-Fi section, nothing appealing to me at first glance, so I did something I rarely do: I asked the guy at the desk if he could recommend something in Sci-fi for me that was new. He came up with \\"The Windup Girl\\" begrudgingly. \\"I haven't read it, but It's gotten pretty good reviews, and if you like Gibson, you might like this.\\" So, off I went.    The story is engaging to say the least, and the characters interesting throughout, and be warned about the brutal sexual content in parts of the book, used to great effect to push the storyline, but I felt like the ending was a bit rushed, as if the author was almost tired of writing the book and wanted to wrap it up somehow. I like the fact he did leave room for a sequel. Will it be written? I doubt it, but you never know.    Solid 4-stars, and will read other books by the author, for sure, including [[ASIN:0316056219 Ship Breaker]].
B000T9OP7G|5.0|REVIEW CONTAINS SOME LIGHT SPOILERS    OK, so this show really surprised me.  It works incredibly well in spite of itself.  On paper, TSCC had all the makings of a franchise-killing epic fail.  I'm trying to imagine how they pitched it:    \\"OK, so we're gonna take this big-budget chase movie that's pretty much been played out conceptually, and make it into a weekly TV series...But instead of Arnie, we're gonna put in this really hot robot chick!  And the dead hero from this first movie, it turns out he has a BROTHER nobody knew about...yeah, and we got this guy from 90210 to play him!  Can you believe it?!  Oh, and the lead singer from a 90s rock band with no acting experience!  It'll be great...\\"    It's an idea so wonky that only Fox would try it, resulting a show of such surprisingly high quality that only Fox would cancel it after a mere 1 1/2 seasons.  TSCC turned out to be smart, tense, disturbing, and surprisingly emotional in ways that reminded me more of genre classics like Blade Runner or Ghost in the Shell than the litany of StarTrek and StarGate spin-offs.  Briefly (and like I said, it looks wonky on paper) - John and Sarah Connor find themselves once again the target of the SkyNet program they had thought they had 'un-made' at the end of T2 (we'll ignore T3 and T4 here, as everyone should), which has <gasp> sent a terminator back in time to kill John Connor.  They are saved by another reprogrammed terminator sent back by future John Connor to protect past John Connor, and subsequently time-travel forward to 2007 in order to go on the offensive and try to destroy SkyNet before it can be created (also conveniently skipping over the 3rd movie and setting up an 'alternative timeline').  They aren't the only ones with this idea though (ignore the time-travel paradox, really, please do) and rapidly discover that the war against the machines is being fought across time, with both the human resistance and SkyNet sending back teams in order to alter the past andgain a strategic advantage in the future.  The result is a show that is part mystery, part action, part coming-of-age, and part character study.  Oh, and part creepy psycho-sexual tension (i'm not giving any more away on that one).    The real heart of the show is the characters, and the cast (and writers) of TSCC really do a superb job.  Lena Headey has the biggest boots to fill as Sarah Connor, and manages to acquit herself well against the iconic Linda Hamilton.  She takes full advantage of the TV format to flesh out Sarah Connor as a person, and seems to really enjoy asking the question \\"what is Sarah Connor like when nobody is shooting at her.\\"  Thomas Dekker takes over from Edward Furlong as a 15 year old John Connor, and despite my initial reservations he makes some very smart choices with the character.  His angsty, guyliner victimized grungy teenage John Connor really gets under my skin a few times during the first season, but in the same way that an actual angsty, guyliner victimized grungy teenager would.  This is a John Connor that needs to grow up, and the initial frustration I have with the character makes his maturation later in the series much more rewarding as a viewer.  Derek Reese, brother of John Connor's deceased father Kyle, makes his way into the show in the middle of the first season portrayed by none other then Brian Austin Green.  I really didn't think the guy had it in him, but he does an excellent job with a gritty and morally complicated character, so much so that I actually forget he was in 90210 most of the time I'm watching him.  They are backed by a supporting cast including the fantastic Richard T Jones as an FBI agent struggling to reconcile his religious faith with the discovery that Sarah Connor might not be crazy after all, and Dean Winters as Sarah's paramedic fiance she left at the alter but whom John brings crashing back into their lives at a moment of crisis.    The real stand-out though is the terminator Cameron, played bythe much-loved geek princess Summer Glau.  While it's perfectly reasonable to assume high praise for Glau is just collateral Whedon-worship from Firefly, I must object in this case and recommend actually watching the series to see why.  Glau has the difficult task of stripping as much human texture and expression from Cameron as possible, then turning right back around and serving as the emotional flash-point for most of the major character drama in the series.  Where most science fiction falls woefully short is by anthropomorphizing the 'other' (alien, robot, whatever) into a completely human character that just looks physically different.  A prime example is the mega-hit Avatar, or as I like to call it \\"Dances with Wolves in Space.\\"  Where I think Glau (and the writers) really stand out in TSCC (and what I don't think the series gets nearly enough credit for) is never letting the characters or the audience forget that Cameron is not human, and never will be.  She is simultaneously curious, naive, and lacking in malice, yet capable of shocking violence and the kind of sociopathic problem solving that values human life only as it relates to John Connor's survival.  Glau's performance as Cameron is critical to most of the really interesting things that happen as the story unfolds, and she walks a very fine line with near perfect balance.  I can't imagine the show working with anyone else.    So having heaped praise on Glau, you might guess that the relationship between John and Cameron (and it's affect on everyone else) is the big character conflict in the story, and you would be correct.  TSCC manages to eschew or outright mock just about every bad coming-of-age story cliche, and moreover they use Cameron to ask a lot of existential questions that fly under the radar if all you are doing is watching for the explosions.  Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of explosions, gunfights, and enough general mayhem to suit an action franchise, but that's only half the story, and the less interesting half at that.  The show manages to weave carefully from touching and hopeful to disturbing and sinister with surprising agility, and thankfully never plays any of the character relationships for cheap gags or contrived attention-grabbing scenes.  If anything, it's the really subtle moments between characters that have the most impact, which is a rare thing in sci fi TV.      In terms of episode quality, I will warn you that the first season starts out a bit inconsistently.  Every episode has at least a few scenes in it that really shine, but there is definitely an adjustment that goes on in the first half of the season before the writers and actors really settle into the characters in a way that feels completely consistent.  After that though, there is a solid trajectory that propels the series straight through to the end, with only the occasional squabble between the producer and the network about including a few 'stand alone episodes' that seems to plague every serialized TV show.                              I'd highly recommend TSCC to just about anyone with even a passing interest in science fiction storytelling, though I suspect that your enjoyment of this series may have an inverse relationship to your enjoyment of T3/T4.
0743290119|1.0|I liked \\"The Devil Wears Prada\\", although I didn't love it.  This, however... how about \\"Sex and the City\\" but more shallow?  Does that sound impossible?  I would think it would be almost impossible to be more idiotic and pathetic than the \\"Sex and the City\\" franchise, but no, this one actually manages to do that.  About halfway through this book, I started to tell myself to wake up and put it down, as it was not interesting, not entertaining, vapid, soulless, and I disliked every character in it, except for maybe the \\"shallow\\" boyfriend who got dumped.  (The writing and character development were so poor, I began to root for the people I wasn't supposed to like.)  The worst.
0321356683|5.0|I bought this book a while ago when I was in a \\"self-improvement\\" mindset. I didn't pick it up and read it until recently, and I must say that I regret waiting as long as I did. It has a lot of good ideas, and I would recommend it to anyone who is already familiar with Java. Too early and it won't make sense or stick, but intermediate-advanced developers should definitely read it. Just chiming in along with many other positive reviews.
0439023513|5.0|This is easily the best conclusion to a trilogy I've ever read. The most satisfying. I finished it about five minutes ago and I don't know that I can provide more information than that at the moment, because I'm too blown away. All I can say is that everyone should read this series, and it transcends YA.
B003L77TZI|4.0|Katy Perry's second album 'Teenage Dream' is in my opinion the best pop album thus far of 2010. Where so many other artists have tried and failed with these concept-driven albums (such as Christina Aguilera's baffling [[ASIN:B003G4DFRC BIONIC - DELUXE (Explicit)]] release earlier this year), Perry actually pulls off strong pop album with only a few flaws. Overall, the album is a stronger effort than [[ASIN:B0017ZB8M6 One of the Boys]] that felt more like a collection of random songs. 'Teenage Dream' is pulled together with the songs either dealing with adolescence or reminiscing about one's youth. Yes, you have the at times immature streak and tongue-in-cheek lyrics that brought Perry into the spotlight but the songs on this album feel far more polished and and a bit more mature. Not only are the songs and album better produced than the first effort but I was taken back by how much Perry shines a singer; there's not much autotune or distracting computer special effects to bring down the songs and music - there's a lot of unapologetic pop hits and (for the most part) light, carefree music to enjoy.<br /><br />The Good: What I liked most about the album is the fact that the songs dealing with the feelings and emotions associated with being a teenager really make for enjoyable music. There's a high school/party/summer break vibe running through much of the 'Teenage Dream' and the music feels happy and reminiscent but never overly depressing or dark. Like the cover, it's all very fluffy, dream-like with only or two songs that deviate off into negative feelings. \\"California Gurls\\" is all about having fun and having fun; \\"Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)\\" is about partying like you would back in high school without much limitation or inhibition; \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" tries to recapture the feelings that come with that innocent first love; \\"Peacock\\" has a teasing nature to it and very immature lyrics but it makes for a fun, addictive song about love of another nature. The light, teenage \\"innocence\\" that Perry and her producers put into the tracks was appreciated when so much of what's considered popular music today feels heavy and dreary.<br /><br />The Bad: There are a few songs that I really don't get or feel fit with the release at all. Right as you're in the swing of this carefree, light, laidback record you're hit with a few rather adult-orientated tracks. \\"Circle the Drain\\" shows off Katy's edge and deals with love gone sour; \\"Who Am I Living For?\\" deals with the burdens that come with fame and power; \\"Pearl\\" has to do with a woman who loses her footing and power in life only to have to go through trials and tribulations to reclaim her inner strength. These tracks aren't bad per se but they totally distract and pull you out of this \\"teenage dream\\" concept that Perry is playing with on most of the record.<br /><br />In all, I enjoyed this album far more than the first from Katy Perry. It shows remarkable and noticeable growth from her as an artist and is loaded with single-worthy tracks. None of the tracks are horrible but Katy's at her best on this release when she's in her party mode, carefree and reminiscing on her teen years. When she starts singing about the woes of adulthood, she lost me a bit on this release. Definitely worth purchasing the entire album - it's instantaneously likable and only becomes more enjoyable after each listen.<br /><br />Listen to These: \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\", \\"Teenage Dream\\", \\"Peacock\\", \\"E.T.\\"nage \\"innocence\\" that Perry and her producers put into the tracks was appreciated when so much of what's considered popular music today feels heavy and dreary.    The Bad: There are a few songs that I really don't get or feel fit with the release at all. Right as you're in the swing of this carefree, light, laidback record you're hit with a few rather adult-orientated tracks. \\"Circle the Drain\\" shows off Katy's edge and deals with love gone sour; \\"Who Am I Living For?\\" deals with the burdens that come with fame and power; \\"Pearl\\" has to do with a woman who loses her footing and power in life only to have to go through trials and tribulations to reclaim her inner strength. These tracks aren't bad per se but they totally distract and pull you out of this \\"teenage dream\\" concept that Perry is playing with on most of the record.    In all, I enjoyed this album far more than the first from Katy Perry. It shows remarkable and noticeable growth from her as an artist and is loaded with single-worthy tracks. None of the tracks are horrible but Katy's at her best on this release when she's in her party mode, carefree and reminiscing on her teen years. When she starts singing about the woes of adulthood, she lost me a bit on this release. Definitely worth purchasing the entire album - it's instantaneously likable and only becomes more enjoyable after each listen.    Listen to These: \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\", \\"Teenage Dream\\", \\"Peacock\\", \\"E.T.\\"
B003L77TZI|5.0|Katy has nailed it, this is an album full of hits, I predict songs like Firework, Last Friday Night, and Peacock to be all over the radio soon, and even tough this album was custom made for radio Katy still shows her ability to write emotional songs like Not Like the Movies and Pearl, which showcases her songwriter skills.    I recommend this album to anyone who likes good pop music. You won't be disappointed!
0694013013|5.0|I am thrilled that this book is so big as it's great for small and large crowds of kids who can see the pictures well and can then really get involved. Repetition is the key and kids love the excitement of learning so fast and being able to shout out \\"I can do it\\".  I collect TY Beanie Babies and have a huge collection of animals, many of which match those by Eric Carle.  In this book, the parrot, camel, gorilla, seal, buffalo, giraffe and penguin are amongst his characters.  I use his books to teach French and it's great to just write the translation on each page, in a different colour.  The words are fairly simple and repetitious and so books like this one are brilliant for fast learning.  Fantastique :o)
B002ZG977Y|2.0|Everybody I knew that saw \\"Clash of the Titans\\" in the theater said that the problem was the bad 3D.  Having just watched it on home video, I think that it has a lot more problems than that.  I thought Sam Worthington was cardboard, that the plot didn't make that much sense and that it just never got that interesting.  At the end of the day, Perseus has to quest all over to find a way to defeat the Kraken because the gods have given the humans an ultimatum, but it's just a weapon of Hades, who he didn't defeat.  Even worse, I was pretty sure throughout the movie that Zeus was a bad guy, but at the end I think the filmmakers want us to think he's good.  It doesn't work.  Two stars.
B00006IRJU|5.0|Fast service and delivery.  Was kept informed the whole time. Product was AWESOME!!!!  Just what I was looking for and was very pleased that I could find it here.:):):)  I have been looking forever and finally tried Amazon.com and found it.  I will look for future purchases here first.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|The best one yet! John Lithgow was perfect for this part. It was so hard not to read or talk about this season before I received the DVDs...I'm glad I didn't. One season in two nights. I'm tired, but it was so worth it.  Thax, Dex.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I TOTALLY agree with the reviewer who said the ending of the series (and the final season as a whole) RUINED ALL OTHER SEASONS. Yeah, ALL other seasons became senseless.<br /><br />What a lack of imagination: THEY WERE ALL DEAD. Yes, that's the answer to all the mysteries. They were dead... duh!!! A six year old child could come with a final like that. When you're dead you can time travel all you want, talk to smoke monsters, see things that don't exist and even ressurect to die again. Wow, how come I haven't thought of that before! Amazing writers these guys...<br /><br />Come on, they had you believing for 5 years, 5 years, that it would not be something so stupid as this. The \\"they are all dead\\" theory was the one everybody came up with in the first place, at the very begining of season 1. And they had you believing it would be something TOTALLY diferent. And you believed, because \\"it was such a stupid ending, of course they would come with something better than that\\". Well, they didn't.
1582701709|3.0|Good, but sth missing - found elsewhere  There is some really inspiring stuff in this book. If you're new to the subject, like me you can be partly amazed and partly suspicious. I'm not sure it does a good job of backing up the theories it presents. I'm a skeptic so I need some more convincing and I did get much more evidence that this stuff works and how to make it work in \\"Read Me I Am Magical\\". Plus the hidden message in this one can really blow your mind.
1933771690|3.0|I was very excited to read this book but I didn't find many original thoughts, most of information I have already read somewhere else.  I would agree that we are able to create/recreate our inner reality, but what outside of us is simply somebody's else dream.  We are all trapped in a dream of some \\"higher conciseness\\" that is why we all including primitive life forms share the same external world. We are able to perceive that \\"higher conciseness\\" as much as a little ant can perceive the Niagara waterfall.  Isn't it obvious?    Biocentrism actually doesn't explain anything, it is just another packaging and a bit twisted interpretation for a very old idea. I think nothing explains better the essence of existence as \\"Kybalion: Hermetic Philosophy\\" which is the oldest knowledge ever.    Bottom line:    Conciseness and matter are two sides of the same coin, they don't exist apart from each other. If I see the light I know that there is the source of that light somewhere close. If I see a matter I know that there is a conciseness that emanates it.  All living beings share the same reality because they exist in and are a part of \\"higher conciseness\\" creation.  We can't change something that we didn't create, we only can gravitate toward specific vibration level that corresponds with our own. Although we are able to control our inner vibration level , make it higher or lower (this is where our happiness and unhappiness are coming from).  While typing this I can hear that my dog is running in the kitchen, the dog is there as well as kitchen even though I don't observe them at the moment. They are independent entities from me. Yes external reality gets recreated but we are not the ones who are doing it. Sure there is an observer, but to think that it is ME (or my dog, or a cow, or an insect) would be so foolish.
B002RWKSII|5.0|First, let me start by stating that I am a 17 year old girl who loves Brian Wilson and George Gershwin.  I actually take a lot of heat from my friends who have never heard of Gershwin or Brian Wilson.  When I listen to this cd, I have visions of the general public rushing out to buy it, like it must have been when both were in there prime.  I have visions of teenagers actually listening to it with a new perspective of what kind of music truly great composers write.  I have visions of a time where kids actually had music class in school.  Sadly, I don't ever think we'll see those times again.  Porgy and Who, my friends ask?  Pretty sad huh?  Anyway, if any young kids are out there trying to decide if they should buy this cd.  Yes, and buy one for a friend too.  I don't want to be 50 years old and looking for a Katy Perry cd.  I guess what I'm trying to say is both of these music makers have lasted far longer than any contemporty artist in today's music world ever will last.  That's why it's important to hear this music, listen to the live instruments the beautiful arrangements and ask yourself who does this anymore?
0143116371|5.0|This book is amazing! Every time I open it up I notice something new about the photographs or feel like I haven't seen a photo before - even though I've been through it over 100 times!
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|I think I bought this movie, more for me, than my kids! The first time I watched it - I wasn't really into it, and didnt finish it, but I gave it another try and fell in LOVE! I absolutely LOVE this movie... its the best Disney movie I have seen in awhile.  I was a little worried that my 4 year old would be scared by the \\"spirits and voodoo\\" references in this movie, but it hasn't seemed to phase him yet... but other than that - would recommend to anyone who loves catchy songs and a great movie!
B00151HZME|5.0|Coming from someone who is currently stealing internet, to take the rare time I get writing a review on Amazon means a lot about this album. I first heard \\"We Own the Sky\\" and immediately looked them up, or I should say him since it's a one man band and immediately loved everything else I heard. This album feels like it came out of the 80s but a little fixed up with today's sounds. Every single song on this album is original and great to listen to (except for \\"Up\\", I simply cannot get into it). I am trying to think of something different to say about this that has not been said in other reviews and all I can say is two things..    1) You will LOVE this album, that simple  2) Look up the older albums and buy those too.
B00003CX8Y|4.0|The service was very quick but i found it difficult with sending to an address that Amazon recognised.   The actual product is exactly what i wanted and was delivered exactly as promised.  I am very pleased.
B002ID08QS|5.0|This latest George Benson surround sound release from Monster Music is about as sonically perfect as it could be and has a great mix of material.  However, please be advised that this is NOT a DVD-Audio disc and will NOT play in systems designed for DVD-Audio only such as the ELS system installed in most Acura TLs manufactured between 2004-2010.  The multi-channel audio is in the DTS-Video or Dolby Digital format only and playback will fail in non-compatible players.  However, any standard DVD player should flawlessly handle playback.  Also, the release includes a standard CD stereo version of the album which sounds incredible as well.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|This movie is much better than all the others combined.  Although, there wouldn't be this one had the others not been there. Great Movie!!!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Get this DVD...it is a must to have in your library.  You will not look at food the same way again!!!  We have decided to eat for quality instead of quantity.  We do not have a lot of money but we choose to eat food that was raised or grown with care.  Sometimes this means passing up some of those great sales on chicken and tons of other products...Oh...and since watching this DVD we have vowed never to purchase another Tyson product again.  They do not deserve our money....they are pumping their chickens full of crap then wrapping them in nice packages for us to serve our children....no way....we are done with them.  Please watch this DVD and think about the foods that you feed your family...where do they come from?  How are they grown?  What risks are there?
B001LMAK88|5.0|\\"Silverado\\" is a classic Western redone for our day, and it succeeds beyond all reason, considering that by the time it came out, 25 years ago, the genre was already out of fashion.  It takes the classic figure of the \\"lone drifter\\" who gets involved in a situation more or less out of inertia or because something offends his sense of right and wrong, then multiplies the drifter by four and gives us a quartet of unforgettable heroes--Emmett (Scott Glenn), just out of five years at Leavenworth; Jake (Kevin Costner, who was 30 when it was released but manages to play a very credible early-20's-ish part), his hard-riding, fast-shooting kid brother; Paden (Kevin Kline), a sad-eyed, soft-spoken gambler with a dubious past; and Malachi \\"Mal\\" Jackson (Danny Glover), a black Georgian who's a whiz with a rifle.  Coming together more or less by accident, the four first become involved with a wagon train fukll of would-be homesteaders when Emmett, Paden, and Mal offer to recover their stolen stake money, travel with them to Silverado where Emmett and Jake's sister and her family live, and find that the district has birthed a monster--land-grabbing ranchowner Ethan McKendrick (Ray Baker), whose father Emmett killed because \\"he was about to shoot [Jake] in the back,\\" and whose hand-picked sheriff, Cobb (Brian Dennehy), is an old riding-mate of Paden's.  Complicating the situation is Mal's sister Rae (Lynn Whitfield), who has wearied of life on the farm and gone to work in a saloon, and Stella (Linda Hunt), the dwarf who manages the place and of whom Paden becomes unexpectedly fond.  With a stirring score by Bruce Broughton [[ASIN:B000000O6K Silverado: Original Motion Picture Sound Track]], a cast of unforgettable characters, sweeping landscapes (interestingly, the season seems to be early fall or late winter: there's snow on the mountains when Paden and Emmett cross them, and we often see people's breath), and a protracted climactic shoot-out that moves from McKendrick's ranch tothe streets of the town, it's a thoroughly splendid example of what Westerns could be if filmmakers would only take a chance on them again.
B000067FP7|5.0|I'm quite happy with the shipping time and complete accuracy of the description. I would gladly purchase with this seller again!
B001PPGAIA|5.0|\\"Australia\\" could almost have been released as a duology: not only is it almost three hours long, but it has two genuine climactic moments (I'll get to that presently).  It begins in 1939, just as World War II is getting underway and Lady Sarah Ashley (Nicole Kidman) travels to Australia to bring home the husband she hasn't seen in an unspecified length of time.  Lord Ashley has been developing a stock ranch, Faraway Downs, which is encircled on three sides by the holdings of local beef baron \\"King\\" Carney (Bryan Brown), and he turns up dead--supposedly murdered by an aboriginal shaman known as King George--on the very day Sarah arrives.  When she realizes that her husband's station manager Neil Fletcher (David Wenham) isn't quite what he claims to be, she fires him, then finds herself crewless and teams up with rough-and-ready Great War veteran Drover (Hugh Jackman) and his two aboriginal riders, Ivan and Magarri (the latter in fact the brother of Drover's late wife) plus a ragtag trail crew--her Chinese cook, an aboriginal woman, a hard-drinking accountant, and King George's 10-year-old half-caste grandson Nalla (Brandon Walters)--to get 1500 head of cattle to the port of Darwin.  If she can succeed, she'll nail down a hefty Government beef contract--but Fletcher first stampedes her cattle, then poisons the waterholes on her route.  Now the only chance Sarah & Co. have is to drive across the Never-Never desert, guided by King George.  Of course they succeed, and thereby hangs the first climactic scene.  Then the story shifts from Western/romance to war story/drama as Sarah and Drover struggle to reconcile with each other's very different personalities and priorities, keep Nalla out of the hands of the government assimilation program, and survive the Japanese air attack that follows the Pearl Harbor tragedy--and hence the second.    Many critics seem to consider the movie high camp, but I found it entirely enjoyable (despite a slightly ambiguous and unsatisfying ending) as a serious tale of adventure, jealousy, greed, love (not just the romantic kind: Nalla clearly develops a deep attachment to \\"Mrs. Boss,\\" as he christens Sarah, and to Drover), and determination, with elements of several major film genres.  (It's a great pity no one seems to have done a novelization; I'd have liked to have seen what a good adapter could do with the characters' backgrounds.)  It's the kind of movie that makes you realize (much as did [[ASIN:B00005LOL0 Quigley Down Under]]) that the U.S. wasn't the only country that ever had a Frontier Experience--and that Australia's was in many ways similar.
0345410025|5.0|Obviously, you can not read a book and get better memory. You have to apply what it teaches you, and actually try and you will be able to remember things better. I have applied it to learn names.
B0001HAISG|5.0|Never until this version of J. M. Barrie's classic play (released in the latter's hundred-year anniversary year!), except in the Disney version (where Bobby Driscoll voiced him), has Peter Pan been played by a genuine boy.  And watching it, you can't help wondering why, because young Jason Sumpter makes such a perfect Peter--handsome, lively, smirkingly real.  He comes to linger outside the nursery window of the Darling home in Edwardian London to listen to the stories told by daughter Wendy (Rachel Hurd-Wood) to her brothers John and Michael (Harry Newell, Freddie Popplewell)--traditional fairy tales spiced up with pirates and other adventurous elements--and loses his shadow when lunged at by the Darlings' dog-nursemaid Nana.  When he returns to retrieve it, he and Wendy meet face-to-face, and before they know it the young Darlings are flying off to Neverland.  The script follows the play closely, even unto retaining the stage tradition of having Captain Hook and Mr. Darling played by the same actor (Jason Isaacs in this case), but with a few improvements--John and Michael captured, along with Tiger Lily (Carsen Gray), by the pirates and left to drown as the tide comes in; Wendy carried off alone by Hook and tempted to join the crew of the \\"Jolly Roger,\\" then returned; an exchange between Hook and Peter during their climactic duel in which Hook points out how much alike they really are, because Peter, unable to grow up, can't love or be loved; and a splendid little bit in which Tiger Lily responds to Hook's blandishments with a lengthy diatribe in her native language, very clearly telling him exactly what she thinks of him, although the faithful and discreet Mr. Smee (Richard Briers, who fits the part to perfection) chooses not to translate literally.  Neverland is a vividly colored and \\"nicely crammed\\" place that reminds you of some of the great illustrators of children's books then at work, and the special effects (by George Lucas's ILM) are wonderful--as are Hurd-Wood and her young male counterparts slinging swords against Hook's pirates with the aplomb of miniature Errol Flynns.  (Parents of sensitive children should be warned of scary bits, including Hook's crocodile (which is a giant, probably prehistoric, one) and a brief scene showing his truncated arm.)  You can't resist asking yourself why someone didn't try doing this back in the '30's heyday of child stars, and what Mickey Rooney or Freddie Bartholomew might have made of Sumpter's part--although, of course, they wouldn't have had Lucas's wizardry to back them up.  James Newton Howard contributes a very listenable score [[ASIN:B00011D190 Peter Pan [Original Motion Picture Soundtrack]]].  You may want to try watching it as a double feature with (most probably after) [[ASIN:B0007CNXUK Finding Neverland (Widescreen Edition)]]
B001AZI1W8|4.0|I enjoyed Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad concert dvd. I liked most of the songs she is quit a performer. My favorites are Rehab and Umbrella.  If you're a Rihanna fan I would recommend this live dvd to add to your collection.
0439023491|5.0|Catching Fire is a huge step up from The Hunger Games. The intensity, the action, the danger and complete chaos- everything is amplified, making this one of the best sequels that I've ever read.<br /><br />There isn't much I can say about Catching Fire that hasn't already been said ten thousand times. I loved the new developments in Team Peeta. That's another thing that's heavily amplified; Peeta's to-die-for protectiveness over Katniss and his willpower to keep her safe at any cost. But when they get thrown in the games again, a cruel punishment for defying the Capitol at the end of the last games, Katniss reverses the roles to keep Peeta safe and ultimately have him named the victor in the end. It's just as a gut-wrenching and intense as the first time around. I loved and hated it at the same time!<br /><br />And obviously since I'm hardcore Team Peeta, it's probably already known that there was some major eye-rolling at Gale's scenes in the book. I like his character, I really do. But he had years of chances before Peeta to make his feelings known to Katniss. Why now? It was very aggravating, but that's the life of a Peeta fan, I guess!<br /><br />Overall, ten times better than The Hunger Games if that's even possible. Better action, better passion, better romance and better chaos. I'm so excited to read about the full-on anarchy of the districts in Mockingjay. (And seriously, if you haven't read this series yet- crawl out of the cardboard box you're living in and DO IT.)
B001N1DPDE|5.0|The knife that arrives is the second generation BK2 with the extended pommel. This knife is a solid beast, and it has been able to take my heavy use so far.  This knife will be my camping knife, not a safe queen.  I made some inexpensive modifications.  I applied Locktite to the handle screws because I heard they tend to come loose with heavy chopping.  I also bought a 1.75\\" inner tube from Walmart and slipped it over the handle.  (Search 6kz3Oz0YjfQ on Youtube to see another guy who did this.)  The outcome is a handle that has outstanding grip when wet, and it looks like Ka-Bar put the inner tube there.  The leftover inner tube can be used for fire starter material or future grip replacement.  Now, I don't have to buy those metrosexual micarta handles ($40) for my blue collar knife ($60).  (Instead of doing all that, I would just get the RAT RC-5 for $150.)  I keep the blade oiled with vegetable oil.  WD-40 or whatever will also work, but you should have edible oil on your blade if you may be cutting food.
0545123283|3.0|Sam and Grace are back again in Linger and now that Sam has stopped shifting they are hoping they can finally have their happily ever after. But it is never that easy. Sam has to deal with problems with the new wolves, Grace's parents don't want them to see each other, and Grace is suffering from a mysterious illness that may change everything for them both.<br /><br />When I read Shiver earlier this year, I remember everyone telling me what a great book it was and how it was the next Twilight, but better than Twilight. I remember being so excited to read it and then feeling a little let down by the hype. Was it good? Yes. Was it better written than Twilight? Much! Did I love it? To be completely honest, no, not really. For me it was okay, but it was a book that left me feeling more than a little unsettled. I can't explain really why I felt this way, but it didn't hook me the way it has so many. But Stiefvater's poetic language and beautiful descriptions did interest me enough to read the next book in the series Linger.<br /><br />Once again like Shiver there has been a lot of hype about this book. All over the blogosphere you hear everyone clamoring for Linger raving about it in reviews of advanced reading copies, and loving it. So once again, I thought I would give it a try. Stiefvater is a very talented author. Her descriptions are rich and luxurious, and even though I was reading this book during the hottest days of the year, she has a way of making me believe that I am in the middle of a Mercy Falls, Minnesota cold and icy early spring. I love that about her writing, that it is so rich that it can transport you. Unfortunately for this novel, while her descriptions, characters, dialogue, and narration is spot on, her pacing is off--an unfortunate occurrence in many middle of the series novels.<br /><br />The narrative of Linger alternates between the voices of the four main characters; Sam, Grace, Isabel, and Cole, one of the new wolves. Stiefvater's transitions between these four characters are flawless and in many cases this allows the reader to see the thoughts on both sides of the conversations. I have to say that I enjoyed the way this story was told with these four distinct voices. The characters are carefully crafted and I love the introduction of Cole. Being able to see inside the mind of someone who chose to be a wolf is fascinating. Isabel is also more developed as a character this time of around. Of all the four major characters, Isabel and Cole felt the most real to me, and I loved the portions of the story told from their point of view. Grace and Sam just seem too perfect as characters, especially when they are together. I found I liked Grace and Sam better when they were apart or interacting with Isabel or Cole rather than each other, which I realize is silly, since the story is about their romance.<br /><br />My major problem with the novel though, is the pacing. Like many other middle of the series books, this one felt like it was merely a transition to the next book rather than a novel with action that stands alone on its own. I felt like you spend the whole book waiting for something to happen and this causes the story to slow in spots. While the ending is very climactic, and will lead us right into the next book, I just felt the rest of the book was lacking, because it took so long to get to the climax.<br /><br />Overall I just felt that there was a lot of going nowhere in this book, and I realize that Stiefvater was building to the conclusion, but there was a lot of emotional baggage to slug through before you got there. It suffers from middle book syndrome, where you spend so much time building the story that you might lose your readers interest. I know that sometimes that has to be done, but it is unfortunate when the book is so slow. On the other hand, this book leads you right in to the third book, and believe me after finishing Linger you are going to want to know what happens next. It is just toobad, that the hook is so deeply buried in this novel, that you don't feel it until the very end. Stiefvater manages to deliver a stunning conclusion to this novel that makes wading through the rest well worth it. I look forward to, and will definitely be picking up book 3.in this novel, that you don't feel it until the very end. Stiefvater manages to deliver a stunning conclusion to this novel that makes wading through the rest well worth it. I look forward to, and will definitely be picking up book 3.
B0015AARJI|1.0|I am very upset I got a ps3 remote control and from the looks of it has been opend.I hope I can get some creidt back in to my account for what i have received..This is very upsetting,I had payed full price and I got something that has been opened.Also to bring you to your attenetion that the ps3 box is a bit damaged as well.I do hope once again that I do get some creidt back for the remote control for the ps3..Please do let me know what you will be doing.Also I dont mind keeping it but I do expect some creidt back..thank you for your time.
B003MWHVLY|4.0|I am generally a casual Sia fan, but not a devotee that can see no wrong in her work.  This album is definitely a great effort but there are a few spectacular songs that make the entire effort worth every cent.  \\"You've Changed,\\" and \\"Be Good to Me\\" are both amazing songs.  Crisp, soulful, driving and highly instrumental works of art that showcase Sia's strong and powerful voice.  Her cover of Madonnas \\"Oh Father\\" is worth saving, and \\"Co-Dependent\\" is original and moving.  She is demonstrating the chops that have made the Rihannas and Beyonces of the world famous, but with a vocal talent that puts her in the category that made Ms. Aguilera such a star.  Keep it up, SIA!
0439023513|4.0|Warning: This review does contain spoilers.    First off, I have been anticipating this book since I finished Book 2. The minute I got it, I sat down and read it straight through. At the end of the day, though, I have mixed feelings about the book.    First, the good points of the book: Many characters who were just supporting characters before were developed and took on larger roles in the books, notably Finnick and Annie. We also finally get to find out about District 13 and what has been going on there. Ms. Collins really has a gift for making me get attached to her characters--when they die, it's heartbreaking. Katniss's pain is real and believable, and, I feel, justified. I really loved this book for the characters, and the story itself, although I'm not exactly sure how to put it into words.    At the same time, however, there were parts of the novel that I didn't like at all. I felt like Katniss spent too much of the book in the hospital. She starts off in the hospital. She gets to go to battle, meets with the rebels...and ends up in the hospital. She goes to District 2, to help with the fighting...and gets shot. And after they take over the Capital, Katniss once again is in the hospital. Now, the fact that soldiers get wounded and end up in the hospital is understandable, and makes the book more realistic, but so much of the novel is spent with Katniss in pain, Katniss wounded, Katniss on pain killers. Then there's Peeta, who was taken prisoner in the last book. I understand Ms. Collins' reasons for making Peeta hate and not know Katniss, but I miss the influence his character had on her. In the other books, he helped her on stage, and fought with her, and supported her. In this book, he is in the Capital, or locked in the hospital, and Katniss goes around with Gale, who I feel doesn't support her as well. I suppose this had to happen in order for Katniss to realize who she loves, but I wish Peeta had more screen time. Finally, I felt like the ending of thebook wasn't as strong as it could have been. Katniss goes back to District 12, without her mother, Prim is dead (which I really didn't like--the whole basis of the series is Katniss sacrificing herself for Prim), and many other characters have places in the government, but Katniss doesn't take a role in the new country at all.    One last thing that irritated me a little was the lack of any Hunger Games in this book. In books 1 and 2, Katniss is fighting for her life in the arena, but not in this one. In this one, we have two mentions of it--that the city is boobytrapped like the Games, and President Coin's idea to force the people of Capital to host one.    I enjoyed reading the book very much, regardless of it's flaws, which were only minor, and were just the way Ms. Collins chose to tell the story. It was a wonderful book overall, but a four star wonderful book, not a five star one. That said, I do recommend it, and the whole series, to anyone who enjoys a well-told story.
B003WUB7HU|2.0|This is a the remix album for true, hardcore, Lady GaGa fans. It is not the album for those, like me, looking for something like a new, fresh, reinterpretation of these songs that 2009 and 2010 will be remembered for.  The mixes are fine -- just fine, not spectacular -- and are worth owning if you just want remixed versions of the Fame Monster cd.  They don't break new ground, or elevate the listening to new levels of appreciation of GaGa's work or the remixers who have been unleashed on her music.  I wanted to like the cd more, owing to the explosive (but relatively short) career GaGa has had so far.<br /><br />So, if you are big fan, this is YET ANOTHER cd for you.  If you want to buy your first dance-heavy (not just pop) version of the her last two big albums, this is the CD for you.  If you already have her regular releases, and want something to build on them for the dancefloor, this may just be another mediocre effort that you can live without.  My guess is that you will tire of these overplayed songs -- \\"new\\" (this cd was released overseas and Canada in May 2010) mixes or not -- after a short while.<br /><br />Sorry GaGa. I just wanted more.
B003E8P9G0|5.0|I loved the Percy Jackson books, and even though these books follow the same trend that series, I still liked reading it. The author has a gift with figuring out the right pace that the plot should take. His books move quickly enough to keep the reader's attention, yet it still remains interesting and fun. This book follows the same mold of Percy Jackson, but this author has a gift for YA story telling. It makes me want to learn all about Egyptian mythology to be more prepared for the next books in the series!
6305265666|5.0|I loved the humorous twists!  It is a movie worth watching more than once!
0345495004|5.0|Loving Frank is truly historical fiction at its best.  The story of Frank Lloyd Wright and Mamah Borthwick Cheney is told with depth and insight by Nancy Horan.  Although a fictionalized account of their life and time together, Ms. Horan makes the reader feel as if he/she is a witness to all that transpires.  Much has been written about Frank Lloyd Wright, but little has been written about Mamah Borthwick Cheney, who was a bright and unconventional woman ahead of her time. Ms. Horan's depiction of their life together is credible and feels very real.  Portraying Frank Lloyd Wright through the eyes of the woman he loves allows us to see the legend in a very human way.
B000008M54|5.0|The essence of the Waterboys is captured on this disc with an echo of their live work. It will never be far from the rotation...
0439023513|5.0|OK, HUNGER GAMES fans, you've been waiting a year for this book, and the last thing you want is some @#$% reviewer spoiling the plot. So, I will do my best to give my impressions of Mockingjay with as few spoilers as possible.     When a series becomes this popular and sparks this much speculation among readers, the author's task is extremely difficult. How to surprise a fanbase, when that fanbase has spent many months trying to guess what will happen in the final installment (and almost certainly guessed right on a few counts)? Yet Suzanne Collins succeeds admirably. There are plenty of twists in Mockingjay that I simply never saw coming, and there are other aspects of the plot that I partially guessed but that didn't play out quite the way I thought they would.     It's no surprise that this book sees Katniss taking a larger part in the rebellion against the Capitol. The reality of this conflict is more complicated than it looks at first sight, though, and even among Katniss's proclaimed allies, not everyone is looking out for her best interests. Also expected, and delivered, is a resolution to the Katniss/Gale/Peeta love triangle. Collins avoids cliche in this resolution and doesn't use the plot shortcuts you might expect. I never really took a side in the Gale vs. Peeta wars, but I think Katniss made her decision for the right reasons, and I am content with this choice.     I enjoyed Mockingjay more than I did Catching Fire, but not as much as I did The Hunger Games. I think this is mainly because the scope of the plot grows broader here while we still see events through only one point of view. Katniss can't be everywhere at once, and this war is much bigger than the Hunger Games, and so there are several major plot points that she -- and by extension the reader -- only hears about secondhand.     When Katniss is in the thick of things, though, the plot is as exciting as anyone could wish, and with almost all of her loved ones on or near the front lines, the stakes are high and personal. Katniss has a major role to play, and if you know Katniss Everdeen, you can guess it isn't quite the role that others have mapped out for her!     Like the previous books in this series, Mockingjay works on the level of action/adventure and on the level of social commentary. Here, Collins gives us a chilling look at war, propaganda, and collateral damage. If you've enjoyed this series so far, you will almost certainly find Mockingjay a worthy conclusion. If you haven't tried this series yet, you're missing out!
030745455X|5.0|steig larrson was a superb writer. its really our loss that he is no longer with us. I read all three books of his and could not get enough. hope everyone enjoys them as much as I did. actually worth reading over.
B000TGJ80S|1.0|This plodding movie makes a dog's breakfast out of the original book. Either FFC should have ventured to tell his own Dracula story, or he should have stuck with the book, but what he does here is mess up the plot so badly that anyone who has read the original book cannot help but chuckle. He also completely contrives a relationship between Dracula and Mina (not in the book) and makes everything very sexual (esp. Lucy). Do we have to see her nipples every chance FFC gets? Keanu Reeves is awful too. It's a bad product.....
B0031ZWZR2|5.0|The first ( and probably last ) season of Flashforward just ran on German TV. What shall I say ? Mixing Elements of \\"24\\" and \\"Lost\\", this show is a must see for every SF Fan. Why the show wasnt that succesful and then was canceled is beyond me. Buy the DVD Box and help bringing back Flashforward.    Frank H.
0439023513|5.0|This is a SPOILER-FREE review. I promise!<br /><br />So in reviewing MOCKINGJAY what I want to do is talk about the things I love when it comes to Suzanne Collins imagination and style.<br /><br />I remember my first read through of The Hunger Games.  I remember wondering why in the world people would willingly read a story that contained so much senseless death.  I also remember being caught up in the sensation, feeling myself looking forward to page after page in spite of myself and wondering what that said about me.<br /><br />When Catching Fire was released I drove to the bookstore and made my way through the store.  When I asked the people working there where it was... it hadn't even been put out yet and this was half-way through the day.  The sales clerks didn't even know what the series was!<br /><br />I didn't bother with a re-read of The Hunger Games ... I just dove right in to Catching Fire and, like my first read of The Hunger Games, I found myself reacting the same exact way.<br /><br />I prepared myself this time.  I revisited Katniss' journey from the moment she throws herself forward for Prim to the moment she's plucked out of an arena and the shocking news is delivered to her.  I re-acquainted myself with Cinna, Haymitch, Gale, Peeta, Rue, Prim and many other memorable characters.  I felt the twisting of my gut and the breathless anticipation I experienced a year ago when I read the last paragraph of Catching Fire.<br /><br />I haven't really speculated in the last year what would happen in Mockingjay - choosing instead to open the book with no expectations.  If I was on a team it would be most strongly Team Katniss, as she is a female character who exhibits strength, courage and, in spite of that, how frail we are as humans.<br /><br />I was not disappointed with Mockingjay.  I loved it - but not in the sense that I normally love books.  I'll be thinking about it for a while and will be re-reading it probably this week.  Most of all  I was satisfied.  Mockingjay provided a resolution that was, for me, perfect for the trilogy.perfect for the trilogy.
0375429743|4.0|The book is ok and is what I was looking for.  The only thing that caught my attention was the journal-like paper. I wasn't expecting it.    It's filled up with drills/exercises and I really believe it will help me to achieve a better Toefl score. Since my mother tonge is Brazilian Portuguese, I had to buy a book in order to enhance my skills. I believe this book is right for me.  Tks!
1439148953|1.0|This book is awful.   The characters are vapid, the writing is dull, it is a waste of time.  I was so disappointed.
0634022296|5.0|A long-time Beatles fan and an amateur guitar strummer, I've never really tried to play these great songs. The chords for most of the songs are available in the net of course, but more often than not they are different from the ones in this book (which I trust are the original and thus \\"correct\\" ones). For example, I found the chords for Girl in the net but they just didn't feel quite right, close but not quite.   This is a great book indeed. The configuration of each chord that appears in a given song is provided right below the song's name, so you don't have to leaf through the book to find the configurations you don't know. What surprised me though is how difficult some of the chord changes are in songs that sound fairly simple, such as Yesterday or Blackbird. But that's a challenge any Beatles fan should be happy to cope with!
B001TH8UUA|5.0|These cable are exactly what I was looking for.  I like the fact that they are a little longer.  Sometimes 6 feet does not quite cut it.
B000JLSLZQ|4.0|We have not had time to view this CD. I have seen a rented copy and wanted a personal copy so I could watch it at my leisure.
1439181780|5.0|Personally, I think Joe Vitale and James Ray, went \\"spiritual-marketing\\" with \\"The Secret\\" and likely did more harm than good.  These books should be read and studied.  Like Wallace D. Wattles' \\"The Science of Getting Rich\\" it may take someone years to complete his little book because their consciousness must be developed to embody the material presented in it.  \\"The Secret,\\" and I am certain, \\"The Power,\\" will require similar study and development of consciousness, and any attempt to rush people into believing that they have a consciousness that they don't is sadly misguided.  We can't manipulate consciousness, or the Universe.  As Dr. Ernest Holmes wrote in the masterpiece, \\"The Science of Mind,\\" ... \\"we can only go as far as we know.\\"  I suggest that everyone study this book, read through it, and then go back and open it to a page at random and study what appears before your eyes.  We each shall know what we need to know when it is our time to know it ... and no one can know this for us.<br />Keep the faith!
B001IF252M|4.0|I bought this for my 2006 Macbook and it works great for the projector at my church that I need to hook my computer to.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loaded this book to my Kindle late yesterday morning and finished it before 10 o'clock this morning. I didn't want to put it down. Even though I am not a young adult, this book kept my interest. I really enjoyed it.
0385504225|5.0|If you like The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons you will love this book. Taking place in Washington D.C., there is a ton of information about our capitals history and historical artifacts there now. It will keep you reading until the end and is classic Dan Brown style, with many plot twists along the way. If you are a Dan Brown fan, you will really enjoy this book!
B000ZECQ08|4.0|This product arrived in quickly and in perfect condition.  The only downfall is that this particular DVD only offers French subtitles instead of a variety of languages.  Other than that, it's perfect!
0140390693|4.0|\\"Little Women\\" by Louisa May Alcott has been undervalued for most of its history.  This book is a true American Classic.  Published originally in October of 1868, it is a story set during the Civil War, but Alcott does not deal with the specifics of the war.  Instead, it serves as the pretext for the absence of Robin March, the father of the four \\"Little Women\\", for a large portion of the first book.  The novel today actually consists of two books, the original \\"Little Women\\" from 1868, and the sequel \\"Good Wives\\" which was published the following year in April of 1869.  The two volumes started being treated as one in 1880.    The first book deals with the growing maturity of the four sisters, and in particularly of Jo and Meg as they have to learn to help their mother out more and do with less during the war, and while their father is away.  Meg is the eldest at 16 when the story begins, and Jo (who clearly represents the author) is 15.  There is then a gap of a couple years with Beth being just 13 and Amy 12.  Their lives transition from that of young girls to young women, and each sister has her own unique traits.  Margaret \\"Meg\\" with her beauty is following the traditional path in entering society and heading towards marriage.  Josephine \\"Jo\\" is attracted by intellectual pursuits, in particular reading and writing.  Elizabeth \\"Beth\\" is very shy and demure.  She is also a peacemaker between the sisters, and enjoys helping others.  Sadly, she also falls sick and never fully recovers from scarlet fever.  Amy is the baby, and likes to tag along with others.  She is also used to getting her own way.    The first book is masterful in its simplicity.  The story feels real, undoubtedly largely due to the author drawing on her own experiences, but Alcott also cleverly avoids adding too much into it and thereby making it unrealistic.  She chooses a good steady pace, and the characters are well defined and consistently portrayed.  Her dialogue is not perfect, but that addsto the overall realism of the telling of the story.  It is a wonderful story for young women to read, and is also very readable for older readers.    The second book is fairly good too, though it fails to be as believable as the first book as Alcott allowed herself to be convinced to have Jo marry.  Alcott never married, and the union she chooses for Jo is a bit unusual and thus it doesn't feel right.  Outside of that, though, the second book is a worthy successor to the first.  Meg's choice of husband fits perfectly with the character and ideals that she develops in the first book.  Most of Jo's actions in the second book also fit well with her character up, including her avoiding marriage with Laurie, her friend and neighbor who plays an important role throughout both books.  Only at the point where Jo marries does it not fit.  The tragedy of Meg's passing is beautifully described, and the reader is touched by the goodness of her character.  Lastly, the full development of Amy fits well, including her choice of spouse.    The Penguin Classics edition of \\"Little Women\\" includes a very informative introduction by Elaine Showalter and extensive notes by Siobhan Kilfeather and Vinca Showalter.  One of the important notes is that this edition is based on the original publications, and not those which were amended by Alcott for later editions, though obvious printer errors were corrected.  There is discussion of some of the changes which Alcott made in the notes to the text.  This is a wonderful book, but I will take part of a star away and round down for Jo's forced marriage.
B000MRAAJW|1.0|The BBC Video in HD DVD format did not work in the latest multi-funtion Blue-Ray DVD player.
B0036EH3WK|4.0|How about a Blu-ray Lost Complete Collection with just the discs and no ancillary crapola? Also in a boxed set that will fit on a shelf with other Blu-ray and DVD discs, and, of course, priced reasonably.
0307454541|2.0|This is a boilerplate thriller with one-dimensional characters and a clumping, declarative style.  The story itself, however, is interesting enough to keep the reader engaged for the duration.  That this novel could achieve such overwhelming commercial success is a testament to its mediocrity.
0393068382|5.0|Thanks, Dr. Fine, for shining a light on the brain sexism evangelism that is holding all of us back, making our economy less productive than it could be, and depriving many children of both sexes of the good childhoods and parents of both sexes they need.  I guess by all the negative votes on my review, people don't want to hear these Copernican challenges to their orthodoxy? Or maybe they're just scared by these ideas and what they may mean?  (If the latter, please just take a breath; you can do this.)  Or maybe they just don't like that I posted a review before reading the whole book?  (This would be a fair criticism.)<br /><br />In the description for the book, it says \\"we tried to rear unisex children--boys who play with dolls and girls who like trucks.  We failed.\\"  I always thought this was a bit of a red herring.  It doesn't really seem that surprising that some boys (and some girls) wouldn't want to \\"be\\" girl dolls (I always thought the point was to get rid of the Barbie & GI Joe-type objectification of, and projection onto, children anyway, and restore a nurturing/mentoring, compassionate, relational and responsible-type parenting by both sexes).  Or that some girls (and some boys) wouldn't want to \\"be\\" trucks (I always thought the point was to get rid of the wasteful and even violent \\"domination\\" psychology that was being trained in boys anyway and restore a productive, reasoned, responsible use of resources by both sexes - including competition where appropriate).<br /><br />Men were often trained, for example, to see themselves as objects to be used for physical labor or fighting in war, or as predators, and women were often trained to see themselves as objects for sex and tending children in a superficial way.  Nowhere in this was there any room for interaction and negotiation between men (or between men and women), between women and their children (or men and their children) or between people and natural resources.  This creates in both men and women afragile psychology of self, often resulting in shifting back and forth between shame and grandiosity (some might call this \\"bi-polar\\") rather than a stable self, and a lack of grounding and traction in relation to other people or in working with resources.<br /><br />People can indeed raise their children to be from Mars and Venus if they wish, which will lead to lots of drama and difficulty in adulthood, including excessive conflict in their marriages and families, their work/careers and even our political system, or, if they have a bit of courage, they can raise them to be from planet Earth and to have successful, productive and satisfying work/careers, marriages and families.<br /><br />Personally, I would not be one to encourage a boy wearing a tutu or playing with a girl doll (unless he chooses that on his own), but I do get concerned when a boy's emotional life is not recognized and validated (and sometimes is even tacitly or explicitly shamed out of him), when any nurturing tendencies he shows toward smaller children or pets are rejected and when he is goaded into violence, dominance, aggression and other hypercompetitive activities.  This concerns me both for his own welfare and for that of his children.<br /><br />And when girls are not taught about serious things like managing money, earning money, and knowing about politics and when any interests they show in activities like going on campouts, doing science projects, playing with race cars, and wanting to have a say in serious discussions, are ignored in favor of steering them into what they are wearing, and how their hair is styled and on flirting with and catering to boys, this is really setting them up for possible problems, including teen pregnancies, welfare pregnancies, and poverty in mid and older life (as is the case with several women I know whose families failed to invest in them in this way).  And the harm to children of immature and/or impoverished women is terrible.<br /><br />The only thingthat would make this book stronger is a review by a male peer psychologist; perhaps there is one in it and I just haven't found it yet?<br /><br />\\"The truth will set you free, but first it will tick you off . . . .\\" and make you sad.  And for some of us, make us feel shame and guilt.
1569242739|5.0|My favorite recipes out of this book are the Fluffy Buttercream Frosting recipes.  I get tons of compliments on look and taste AND I get to look all fancy by piping fancy frosting on my fancy cupcakes (even if I do a crappy job... I always hear \\"ooohhhh... ahhhhh\\".  It's awesome.  :o)
B002AT4K9G|4.0|My husband is a huge fast and the furious fan. Also, he loves any movie about cars, driving fast, or motorcycles. If you like the first three Fast & Furious movies you will love this one.
B0013D8LOK|4.0|Tim Burton's version of Sweeney Todd which includes the music of Danny Elfman.  You have to like musicals to \\"get\\" this picture.  If not then you probably shouldn't bother.  It's a tale of revenge, lost love and to paraphrase Tom Wolfe: You Can't Go Home Again.  Depp and Carter elevate the rating of this picture.  Rickman seems a bit too subdued for my tastes.  MY GRADE: B to B plus; WHEN WATCHED: 08/10/2010.
B003YLK2RI|1.0|The year is 2010 and high definition tv's are everywhere and so are Blu-ray movies. So Slipknot releases a DVD? I love Slipknot but im gonna pass on this. They should of released this on Blu-ray and dvd. I already have shows on dvd its time we get a nice high def show with great HD sound. Dont buy this and make a statement.
B0002ZEUJ0|5.0|1.  I Shot the Sheriff  2.  After Midnight  3.  Knockin' On Heaven's Door  4.  Wonderful Tonight  5.  Layla  6.  Cocaine  7.  Lay Down Sally  8.  Willie And The Hand Jive  9.  Promises  10. Swing Low Sweet Chariot  11. Let It Grow
0307593525|5.0|Anyone want to try their hand at French cuisine?  This book cook is a MUST!
0812973992|4.0|I know everyone has said that, but it's something that bears repeating.  That's not a criticism of the book.  It's actually terrific as a series on inter-connected short stories, but the perception that I got when I had first heard of the book was that it was a novel, and that made the reality a little jarring.<br /><br />Just to get this off my chest:  Just because Colum McCann is Irish doesn't automatically mean he needs to be compared with James Joyce.  If there was another writer that I thought the story invoked, personally, it seemed more like Virginia Woolf.<br /><br />In any case, the absolute best part of the book, and indeed the reason I would recommend it, is McCann's beautiful lyrical style of writing.  Since each separate story is told by a different character, and since each character has a slightly different perception of the same event, McCann does a wonderful job of making sure that each story has its own voice.  Without wishing to strain a metaphor, this seems akin to walking a tightrope; it looks easy, but go ahead and try it yourself.<br /><br />I wholeheartedly thought his decision to leave Philippe Petit mostly an enigma (I don't even think he's ever even named) was correct.  Petit's wire-walk is the MacGuffin around which the stories pivot.  It's not the story itself.  I'm not positive, but I wonder if the book as a whole wouldn't have been stronger if the story about Petit's preparation for the walk (which I gather is wholly an invention of the author) had been omitted.  That story did a reasonable enough job of keeping Petit mysterious, but I do think it was perhaps unnecessary.<br /><br />Now for the criticism:<br /><br />While each individual story is well-written and pitch-perfect in its style, the transitions between them can be jarring.  A lot of other reviews have specifically mentioned the story about the computer hackers as being out-of-place.  For me, it was the highlight of the book, and the staccato, machine-gun delivery was one ofthe best pairing of character and style of the books.  Having said that, it is so dissimilar all of the other stories, I can see why it jumps out at people, especially since it's located toward the middle of the book.<br /><br />Finally, the last story, with its jump to present day, with the required references to Iraq, Afghanistan, 9/11, and Katrina was completely unnecessary.  I think I understand the intent, to tie everything together in one final vignette, but it just didn't work.
B003VANOFY|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo3VE8VU17Z5972]]In my video review here I mostly offered general raves about how much I like the headset.  It's true, the headset really amazes me with its quality and ease of use.<br /><br />Because my nicer desktop crashed not too long ago, I've been without good sound.  Yes, I have a 5.1 speaker system and an adapter to make it work with my laptop, but it's not the same.<br /><br />This headset allows for a significant boost in the quality of audio in games, with music and video, and just about every other way.<br /><br />I have tried and been disappointed by other products claiming to adapt sound to fit to a 5.1 system.  Lots of promises, but the actual result is subpar.  With the Logitech G930, the promises really do work out.  The sound quality is top notch.  Yes, the 5.1 and 7.1 sound is software driven, but the software works great and works great without being needlessly bloated, complicated or distracting.  There is a simple panel that shows the level of charge, gives options for volume levels of overall volume, microphone, sidetone (how much you hear yourself in the headset), and basic treble and bass sliders.  There is an option to shift these basic adjustments to a more full equalizer.  In the bottom right corner, you can control the volume of each of the 7.1 simulated speakers in the headset, allowing you to balance it out as you wish.  In the bottom left corner is the G-Key section where you can assign or adjust the three g-key buttons on the headset itself.<br /><br />All very straightforward.  Though, at first I was frustrated because I wasn't getting surround sound.  A quick look in the provided manual pointed out the surround sound switch on the headset, right under the power button.  When it is down, surround sound is on, and the icon on the screen turns red.  Easy answer to the problem.<br /><br />All in all, this headset delivers what it promises. I compared the quality of it while plugged in and while wireless, and found there was absolutely no difference in sound quality or response, meaning the wireless capability delivers.<br /><br />So, I'd definitely recommend this for gaming. Indeed, this is where the headset will really be able to shine, as it uses the full 7.1 sound and microphone. But, it goes beyond being useful for gaming. For those with a less than stellar audio setup, this might be a great, relatively cheap alternative to getting a high-end sound card and speakers.  This is especially true for most of us who can't exactly boost the sound whenever we want without disturbing other family members.  This is a great headset for listening to music, or as I used it yesterday, for language learning software like Rosetta Stone.<br /><br />This headset blocks a significant amount of noise, and also contains its own noise very nicely. I turned on a song with heavy bass, turned up the volume, sat next to my wife, and she said should couldn't hear it.  The microphone also is advanced. While recording the video I had a fan blowing on me, and there was a neighbor using a leafblower outside.  The microphone took care of these often very irritating sounds.<br /><br />So, all in all, I couldn't be more pleased. The Logitech headset meets and exceeds my expectations.  Indeed, they perform as promised, something that sadly far too few games or accessories do.  These definitely earn five stars, and more if I could give them based on how much my audio experience has been boosted over the last several days.d quality or response, meaning the wireless capability delivers.      So, I'd definitely recommend this for gaming. Indeed, this is where the headset will really be able to shine, as it uses the full 7.1 sound and microphone. But, it goes beyond being useful for gaming. For those with a less than stellar audio setup, this might be a great, relatively cheap alternative to getting a high-end sound card and speakers.  This is especially true for most of us who can't exactly boost the sound whenever we want without disturbing other family members.  This is a great headset for listening to music, or as I used it yesterday, for language learning software like Rosetta Stone.      This headset blocks a significant amount of noise, and also contains its own noise very nicely. I turned on a song with heavy bass, turned up the volume, sat next to my wife, and she said should couldn't hear it.  The microphone also is advanced. While recording the video I had a fan blowing on me, and there was a neighbor using a leafblower outside.  The microphone took care of these often very irritating sounds.    So, all in all, I couldn't be more pleased. The Logitech headset meets and exceeds my expectations.  Indeed, they perform as promised, something that sadly far too few games or accessories do.  These definitely earn five stars, and more if I could give them based on how much my audio experience has been boosted over the last several days.
0316776963|2.0|I have to agree with the minority reviewers who thought this wasn't very funny.  This is my first Sedaris book and I've heard lots of hype about how hilarious he is.  Mind you, I have a wicked, twisted sense of humor, am gay, a former writer, and make my friends crack up constantly.  So, I figured someone like Sedaris would have me in stitches.  I'm about halfway through the book and I think I snorted a little (in laughter, not illicit chemicals) only once.  Other than that I've barely cracked a smile.  I don't get why people think this is so hilarious? It's not awful by any stretch, but it's hardly side-splitting humor.  I hate to say it, but I think on a bad day I'm funnier than this.  Honestly, I'm a little bummed.  I wanted to laugh.  Really I did.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|Please people, everyone who is looking at this Lost: Complete Collection Blu Ray set on Amazon is already aware of how amazing the show Lost is. Can someone please create a review for the complete collection content and not more reviews on the show itself. IE, is the stuff that comes in the box cool? Are the special features on the discs worthwhile? How is the video/audio quality? Is this worth $200? etc.
B00005NB8K|5.0|Having lived through the era in which this takes place, all I can say is WOW trippin' down memory lane!!!
B00005JMFQ|5.0|What can I say about one of my favorite movies?<br /><br />The whole movie is comprised of several different love stories and scenarios each handling the idea of love and relationships in their own way. Each tie together in the end while referencing back to the opening scene. None of the relationships or connections seem contrived or forced even though some of the time the heartwarming cheese gets to you. It always does this in a seemlessly classy way though.<br /><br />Also, the scene changovers and music choices are beautiful, each song gently tugs at your heart strings and emphasizes the movie's message.<br /><br />The commentary that you can choose in the bonus material is also really interesting to listen to as you get another perspective from the directors and actors in the movie. I know that this seems very much like a \\"chick flick\\", but please give this movie a chance. My boyfriend also really loves this movie all you have to do is give this one a chance.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I bought this to get me over the Free Shipping amount, and figured if it was a Smith's product, it must be okay.    I'm very happy with the tool!  It rapidly dresses blades from my 'fingernail cleaner' up to the 8\\" kitchen knife.  It is not the tool you use to salvage a round-edged blade, but that is what stones are for.    The other feature, the 'spur', as I call it, does the trick on serrated blades.    My beloved old pocketknife, a Gerber EZ-Out, had gotten to a bad state.  I use it for everything, including some tasks that I'd be ashamed to mention.  The serrated edge and the standard edges had dulled, and the standard edge a bit rolled.    Note:  Although I suppose you can use the PocketPal freehand, I don't.  I hold the tool down on a table (or bench) edge to control it.  The carbide cutters take a fair amount of pressure to work well.    The Pocket Pal made short work of the bad edge, with the carbide sharpener actually pulling some slivers of steel (ATS34, if you care) off the edge.  The ceramic tool then put a pretty nice dress on the blade.  The spur took care of the serrated edge in no time!    I then took on the kitchen knives.  They were in good shape, but I figured I could get a dressed edge.  Well, the Gerber kitchen knives (6 and 8-inch) and the various blades in the Wustof set took only a few strokes, and they are REALLY SHARP! (as my wife tells me).    Two cautions:  Use a newspaper under the PocketPal when you use it on a table, to avoid damaging the table or the blade.  Second, when you use the spur, be very careful of your angle, as the spur is fairly aggressive, and you can really mess up the serrated edge.    A great little tool; well worth the money!    I'm not too sure about the 'Pocket' part though.  It's a good sized (almost 3\\") tool.
B0006L0LOS|4.0|I really don't understand why some movie goers degrade this film. I enjoyed it and found it entertaining. I actually watched it more than once, but that's just me.
B003AYPMBU|5.0|bought for the dvd, wasnt disapointed. a little quiet for me, ran it on(pc) VLC free media player, at 200% volume, with the equalizer, much better for my headphones. also using 40' hdtv as monitor, VLC is pretty good, overall. blu-ray would be better.  stripped down stage, right in yer face with 'rapid fire', Priest never sounded better. and never stops. the deeper tunes are my favorite too see, roots of power metal, performed flawlessly.  is it too early to celebrate the release of painkiller? i want painkiller end to end live.
B002ZG997C|5.0|WARNING: Some spoilers ahead<br /><br />I saw The Book Of Eli (2010) in the theater the day after it was released in January.  I liked it very much.  Denzel Washington was on top of his game in this film.  So was Gary Oldman.  This movie also stars Mila Kunis and Jennifer Beals.<br /><br />I'll briefly sum up the plot like this:  It is a post-apocalytic world.  Thirty years earlier the apocalytic event took place.  A man named Eli (Denzel Washington) has in his possession the last remaining King James version of the Bible in the world.  Yes, that's right.  He's a wandering nomad who's on a mission to deliver the Bible to a safe haven in the western part of the U.S.  He travels on foot.  It turns out that Alcatraz Island in San Francisco Bay ends up being the safe haven.  Along the way to San Francisco, Eli encounters a lot of danger from thieves.  He defeats his adversaries quite easily with his great fighting skills.  He also shows great survival skills.  Eli runs into Carnegie (Gary Oldman), a man who is hell bent on obtaining the Bible.  Carnegie's blind concubine named Claudia (Jennifer Beals) gives Eli water and some food.  Carnegie's daughter Solara (Mila Kunis) finds out Eli has some kind of book in his possession, but she doesn't know what the book is.  When Carnegie asks her what kind of book it is, she just indicates that there is a cross symbol on the cover.  Carnegie realizes it's a Bible.  Eli and his company seek a safe haven in a house, where the residents, Martha (Frances de la Tour) and George (Michael Gambon) are armed and ready at all times.  After an ambush of the house, Carnegie gets possession of the Bible by forcing Eli to hand it over.  Eli gets shot at one point, but continues on as if he isn't hurt very much.  To further sum it up, Eli makes it to Alcatraz and recites the entire Bible from memory.  Carnegie has the actual book.  Carnegie opens up the book and discovers it's written in braille because Eli, as it turns out, is blind.  Claudia (who is blind) refuses to read it to him.  After Eli is done reciting the Bible from memory, he expires from his wounds.  Solara walks home instead of living at Alcatraz.<br /><br />Some things in this movie are quite unbelievable, such as how a blind man can fight and kill people, how there's only one Bible left in the world (even though it was stated in the movie that all the Bibles were burned).  You mean there's not a spare copy lying around somewhere on planet Earth?  But.........the whole point of this movie is to show how the power of the Bible and faith can protect a person from danger and empower them (if you believe in it, of course).<br /><br />Overall, it's a good action movie that's quite moving.  I recommend it.refuses to read it to him.  After Eli is done reciting the Bible from memory, he expires from his wounds.  Solara walks home instead of living at Alcatraz.    Some things in this movie are quite unbelievable, such as how a blind man can fight and kill people, how there's only one Bible left in the world (even though it was stated in the movie that all the Bibles were burned).  You mean there's not a spare copy lying around somewhere on planet Earth?  But.........the whole point of this movie is to show how the power of the Bible and faith can protect a person from danger and empower them (if you believe in it, of course).    Overall, it's a good action movie that's quite moving.  I recommend it.
B003EYVXYG|1.0|Let me start my review off by stating that I have been a HUGE fan of Romero and the zombie genre in general since I was a kid and this really has to be one of the WORST zombie films I have ever viewed.  I mean, I don't even know where to begin.  I went out and bought the DVD, even after reading the bad reviews on here, because...hey, I love the zombie kings work and let's face it, the zombie/horror genre isn't an academy award winning genre, but man, I am really really really disappointed in this one.  I guess horror is special in that you have the awesome bad horror movies (Killer Klowns) and you have the terrible bad horror movies (Zombi 3)...this is definitely terrible bad.  Before I get into the movie itself, let me also state that Romero, and I mean this with the utmost respect, needs to give it up...he's been sliding since Land of the Dead.    Anyways, on to Survival of the Dead.  The beginning really sets the tone for a mediocre, at best, zombie movie.  For one, what's with the beginning narrations by the main character in the last three Dead films?  It seems like a cheap way to start a film off, he never used that tactic in his first three Dead films...and the beginnings of those films are some of the most memorable in the zombie genre.  Then there's the M16 shot point blank to the zombie's head and POOF the head's gone and the top just kind of falls on top of the bloody neck stump.  Let me state this right now, because it's something I feel very strongly about...CGI DOES NOT BELONG IN HORROR...PERIOD!  There's something about the work of Dick Smith and Tom Savini and all of the special effects artists that add a human element, and thus more realistic look to the costumes, gore, and other special effects in horror.  To me, CGI looks totally fake, totally sterile, totally unbelievable, and totally lazy.  By the way, this isn't the only part with CGI effects (The main guy shoots a flare gun into a zombies stomach, the zombies head begins to glow, and then starts on fake CGI fire...seriously?).      The characters are really tough to get into...they're really stale, badly acted, and very stereotypical.  I mean, you have four soldiers, right?  Shouldn't they act like soldiers?  They seem more like four people who ransacked an army surplus store...there is nothing military about these four characters.  The main character is the most believable, then there's the mexican guy who is supposed to be like a stereotypical latin casanova or something, followed by the stereotypical too tough for men lesbian latina who complains of how she's \\"the only bitch in this pack\\"...say what?  The fourth guy is some out of shape bald white overly stupid white guy...I actually don't even know what happened to him later in the movie (must have dazed off...it happened a couple of times throughout the movie).  Finally theres the emo kid they find at some weird redneck camp who has a smart azz remark for everything and seems like he's just trying so hard to be cool and \\"grown up\\".  As for the two feuding families...think off the boat Irish meet back woods hillbillies time traveling from the 1860's to the present day and there you have them.    The zombies are more of an after thought in this film as it seems to deal more with the stupid pointless feud between the two families that somehow are the only inhabitants of an island off the coast of Delaware, that's right ...Delaware (The island of Irish Hillbillies, I guess).  There really wasn't one point in the movie that made me get even a little creeped out...NOT ONE!  When the zombies do suddenly appear, there's nothing special about them...there's no hari krishna zombie, no Dr. Tongue, no clown, soldier, Bub, nothing....just zombies that look like hungover hicks...that's it.  Also, what's up with the money fixation towards the end?  The main guy tells the kid to take off with all of the money and live it up (and this isn't the only time money is mentioned as something of importance)...I mean, what?Should he fly to Vegas and hit the tables?  How about a tour of Europe or a cruise through the Carribean?  Isn't this post-apocalyptic Living Dead world?  That seems like a pretty big flaw to me, among many others, especially from a director who portrayed money the way it would be in the beginning of Day of the Dead.    Finally, let me just point out a few things towards the end..there may be some SPOILERS here (not that there really are any life altering twists and turns in this film)...the zombie riding the horse around the island is just strange...and then she bites it and they all eat the horse...that just didn't make sense to me, the reason zombies are in the horror genre is because they want to eat US..not animals, if they wanted to eat animals...they would be us, also this idea of zombies not wanting to eat us holds some kind of importance with the main idea of this film.  That's right, a zombie taking a bite out of a horse is supposed to tie the whole message together.  The shootout at the end shows why George Romero should NEVER go into action.  These two sides start shooting at each other and not one person gets hit...seriously, I dare you to watch this part and not laugh or scratch your head in wonder (although two guys finally do get shot by guns, the rest somehow get caught by the insanely slow zombies while trying to shoot the other side).  But these guys have no problem blowing off a zombies head with an old six shooter at 50 yards...just plain stupid.    Sorry for the long review, I had to rant after watching that.  I hate to nitpick the king, but there's just so much wrong in this film...does Best Buy accept DVD returns once they've been watched?      Oh well, Peace and Love
6305212112|5.0|My DVD arrived in great condition, in a very timely manner.  Thanks for the good service!
B002ZG980U|5.0|Thank god there was one movie this summer not based on a comic book, a previous movie, television show, Disney ride, or candy wrapper. You actually had to invest some functioning brain activity to follow the plot and keep up with four simultaneous finales going on at the same time within different dream levels. And the ending was open to your own feelings or interpretation. Was he still in a dream or not? If you were still on board and paying attention, you may have noticed Leonardo's character didn't really care at that point, so why should we? It was a fun ride.
B00080Z53O|5.0|In my opinion, this is one of the movies ever best. Alejandro Amenabar is by far my favorite director. This movie was awarded with the Oscar for best foreign movie. Javier Bardem is one of the best actors nowadays. A few years ago he was awarded as the best actor during the Academy awards. The movie is a hurricane of emotions that you have the chance to feel. Amenabar has the ability to make you feel.
B003N7GATM|5.0|Should I say anymore? I love this EP. It has an NIN vibe to it, but with a female touch :) I definitely recommend this to any fan of music. NIN fan, or not.
B002G1K82Q|5.0|This is a well acted, well directed musical.  I love this movie, if you like the Beatles and the '60s era you will love this movie.
0547258305|3.0|Unfortunately, I thought the first half of this book was a lot better than the second half.  Kristin Cashore is a good enough writer, with good character development and excellent description of scenes; but I thought too much time was spent on describing harsh travel conditions instead of actually developing the main story.  The love story was developed very nicely and I appreciate Kristin writing a strong female lead character (although there are still a lot of hints of sexism throughout), but I was definitely disappointed with the ending.  The resolution seemed quick relative to all the time spent describing traveling through the mountains and across the sea.  And, without ruining anything for those who haven't read it, I was really disappointed with Po's revelation in the end.  Would I recommend this book?  Probably, since much of it is interesting; but it wouldn't be a strong recommendation.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|The collaborations in this album are the best I've heard in any rap CD. P!nk, Kobe, Lil Wayne and Rihanna make a good addition in the album to Em's magnificent word play.  Every track in this album has at least one punch line or double or triple rhymes that you'll need to rewind to understand the full meaning of it. He also gives a glimpse into his life and gives a better understanding of what he's been through the past five years. This isn't his best album, but within my top three (The Eminem Show, The Marshall Mathers LP, Recovery).
B000YENUI6|5.0|A taut, intelligent and well-acted thriller all about identity and how far you're willing to go.  Very well shot and directed with no padding, and action sequences that actually serve the plot instead of the other way around.  Wonderful casting, and Armin Mueller-Stahl especially is simply fantastic as a far too helpful restaurant owner.
0763621579|5.0|This is a great little book that comes with an owl stuffed toy.  My daughter is having a baby and she collects owl, so this was a great book for her.  She had requested the book, but I found the book and toy set and really surprised her.
0439023513|5.0|If The Hunger Games and Catching Fire are tales of a dystopia, then Mockingjay is a slight departure for the series.  This final chapter in the trilogy is a war story.  Panem is at war.  The stakes for Katniss and the band of characters that we've grown to love (and sometimes hate) have never been higher.  And while Suzanne Collins' work on this series has been masterful to date, she rises to the occasion to give her story the conclusion it deserves.<br /><br />As the novel opens, Katniss and hundreds of other refugees and revolutionaries have been taken in by the citizens of District 13.  The rumors were true, but District 13 is both more and less than anything she could have envisioned.  While safety is a fluid concept in Katniss's experience, she is what passes for safe at the moment.  Still, she is tortured by thoughts of Peeta, being held prisoner in the Capitol.  And she is tortured by too many ghosts.  We're introduced to a somewhat more fragile Katniss in this novel, and she is not the only character in a somewhat diminished state.  The events unfolding around them, as well as those of the past few years, have taken a heavy toll.<br /><br />It is in this final chapter that the surviving characters must wage a battle for the future of Panem.  Ms. Collins has never shied away from depicting graphic violence and disturbing scenes, and this novel may be the most disturbing yet.  For me, the life and death struggles that occur in a war resonate more painfully than a staged fight to the death.  There's no denying that this is a dark tale.  It is even more impressive, therefore, that Ms. Collins manages to infuse enough humor into the book to occasionally relieve the gloom, and to remind us why we love these characters in the first place.<br /><br />This third book is a departure in other ways.  The pace of the story-telling wasn't quite as breathless.  While still very much a thriller, in some ways Mockingjay allowed itself a bit more time to explore the emotional lives and constantly shifting relationships of the characters, as well as the full ramifications of the dangerous situations in which they found themselves.  The emotional aspects of Katniss's tale have never been given short shrift, but there was a greater expansiveness here, perhaps owing to her increasing maturity.  Of course, fans are waiting with bated breath to learn the outcome of the Katniss-Gale-Peeta love triangle.  There is a resolution, one that seemed like the only possible outcome to me.  The ending of the book is satisfying, not always happy, but deeply satisfying.<br /><br />Perhaps the best testament I can give Mockingjay is to tell you that this 41-year-old, responsible, gainfully-employed woman read it from cover to cover between 1:00AM and 7:00AM this morning.  Not for one minute was I in danger of falling asleep.  I think it's going to be a long time before a story inspires me to want to pull a stunt like that again.y shifting relationships of the characters, as well as the full ramifications of the dangerous situations in which they found themselves.  The emotional aspects of Katniss's tale have never been given short shrift, but there was a greater expansiveness here, perhaps owing to her increasing maturity.  Of course, fans are waiting with bated breath to learn the outcome of the Katniss-Gale-Peeta love triangle.  There is a resolution, one that seemed like the only possible outcome to me.  The ending of the book is satisfying, not always happy, but deeply satisfying.     Perhaps the best testament I can give Mockingjay is to tell you that this 41-year-old, responsible, gainfully-employed woman read it from cover to cover between 1:00AM and 7:00AM this morning.  Not for one minute was I in danger of falling asleep.  I think it's going to be a long time before a story inspires me to want to pull a stunt like that again.
B003ELOQD4|4.0|New to Blu-Ray and was really excited to make this my first BD purchase, also as a momento of seeing this tour in Dallas.  Read the average reviews but decided to go ahead and purchase locally.  Pretty much accurate what alot of reviewers have been saying.  Not really bothered too much by the reported rapid picture changes, but I definitely think the picture should have been better with all the HD technology out there. Sometimes looks pretty good and other times very grainy, may have something to do with the darkness of the venue in contrast with the bright stage lights. The sound is very good though through the 5.1. If you got 15-20 bucks to blow and your a U2 fan, pick it up.
B0037FFBCW|5.0|For most people, David Lynch's nightmarish, challenging and fundementally disturbing films are bad enough when he's only out to expose hypocracy.  But when Lynch seeks to dramatize man's inhumanity to man?  What we're left with is a bleak and yet somehow lyrical story about how anything different will make \\"civilized people\\" eat each other, and since this is also the biography of Joseph Merrick (here called John), we feel almost constant heartbreak at his plight, that is, when we're not trying desperately to forget how the public treats him.    A fine film, but not one to watch alone.
0061743526|2.0|One of the joys of being a grandparent is passing on significant &  precious experiences to our grandkids.  I just gave my llyr old, avid reader my favorite book,\\"To Kill a Mockingbird 50 yr Edition. She's  a bit young but it's there for the days she picks it up. She too may  learn to love Aticus & family.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This is one super documentary on our foods &food system ( and their ploys)!!! Love that they featured it on Oprah! A must see for everyone-will astound you & have U thinking MORE about UR food!!
1439181780|5.0|Rhonda has hit a homerun with The POWER. It is simple physics that we attract positive things with positive  love thoughts and negative things with negative thoughts.    However when we send love to our negative thoughts we can turn things around.    The trick is to be positive about our negativity. Very useful.    When I love my anger and upsets-experience them then they disappear. Quite paradoxical isn't it.    I read The POWER just before I experienced a matrix energetics seminar.    The POWER of love ramps up Matrix Energetics and Matrix Energetics ramps up The  POWER of love.    I love both Ronda's book The POWER and I love Matrix Energetics. The 2 of them fit together.    What is the POWER. LOVE is the POWER. God is love. So The POWER is GOD. My rational left brain is powerless merely a puny plodding computer.  my creative right brain connected to GOD is like a supercomputer.
1428144552|5.0|An excellent collection and review and presentation of \\"the Secret\\".  The book is divided into specific chapter regions; explained and presented in understandable, concise verbal delivery.  Everyone should know \\"The Secret\\".
B0036EH3X4|1.0|I loved Lost. But then this season absolutely killed it all. Not just the ending, the entire saga. All previous 5 seasons are now pointless or maybe better explained as \\"null-and-void\\" by this season. Like looking back on a relationship that went south and wishing you could have just avoided the whole thing, that is what season 6 does to what was a great story. I am so glad I never bought the previous seasons because this season makes everything, EVERYTHING, that happened in the previous seasons pointless. I was sad when Cheers ended, sad again when Friends ended, and sorry to see Ally McBeal go too. This was the first ending to a show that left me mad. By the first few episodes I was already frustrated at all the \\"new stuff\\" they were adding but still I could not bring myself to believe the guys who created this wonderful story would fail so enormously in the ending. But I was wrong and this season was so bad that I can't believe it was written by the same guys.<br /><br />So not only would I not buy this on Blu-Ray or DVD, I wouldn't buy the previous seasons now (which I had planned on once it was all over). If you need to, rent it to finish the story for yourself, but don't waste more of your money buying this. You'll thank me later.
B0034PJWJ8|4.0|First off, I'll say the the quality of the product, taken by itself, is very good. The picture quality is pretty amazing for a film that was cobbled together from all manner of sources: 35mm, 16mm and 8mm film, NTSC and PAL video, etc. The sound quality is strong, too.    The reason I only give it four stars is because none of the extras that were on the second disc of the DVD release are available on the Blu-ray release. And there were tons of great extras.    In short, if you already have the DVD, the Blu-ray is a must-buy because of the HD quality. But don't get rid of your DVD if you want the extra features. If you don't already have the DVD, you may need to get both if you want Maximum Who!
0439023491|5.0|Its such a great sequel! You will love. Plus you get it for so much cheaper than you would at Barnes and Nobles. When i went there it was $18, But on here it was only $9. Plus shipping, but you can always find coupons for free shipping ;)
B0017SWPXY|4.0|This book has quickly moved up to my top ten favorites! The unique narrative brings you to a completely different place while reading. Like Enzo, you feel impotent in the face of catastophe and uncensured joy over the little things in life. Three cheers for opposable thumbs!
B003JTHESA|5.0|Iron Maiden's final album hits a zenith for the band's brand of heavy metal.  The lyrics are fascinating, the melodies are complex and rich, the leads are in a class by themselves.  This is absolutely the best Iron Maiden has every produced.  This effort shows how each member of the band has evolved both creatively and as musicians.    It does take a lot of getting into, more than any of their previous work, but that makes the album that much more impressive once you start to appreciate it.  This is destined to be regarded as Maiden's creative highpoint.
1435248244|4.0|The first two chapters did what every good book should do, sucked me right in. I loved the dystopian idea of uglies and pretties and all the strife in-between. Such a gold mine for self-examination and real beauty (although my 12 year old daughter just wanted to see them all turn pretty). Westerfeld's creative world is inventive, easy to visualize and just plain fun.<br /><br />But after Tally, the main character, meets Shay, the plot unfolded somewhat slow. I'm a bit of an impatient reader so that's not likely to be other readers' impression. I was disappointed by a whole chapter of hoverboard training that just as easily could've been integrated into the plot. Tell me how stuff works while you're doing something, just like the first couple of chapters. The many journeys were, again, creative and fun but became tedious. There weren't a lot of unexpected turns in the plot which made for an easy read but not all that satisfying. And at times, I couldn't get a grip on the characters. Is Shay in love with Tally?<br /><br />I'd give it 3.5 stars, but nudged it to 4 because it's well written with some original content.
B003IDFLQO|4.0|I must admit to merely buying this album just because it was by Cyndi Lauper but crikeys was i surprised. I REALLY REALLY like it. I recognised a few of the tracks straight off but it took a few listens for me to warm to it. I saw her perfom some of the tracks live via YouTube and they made me appreciate it more.   Now that I've listened a lot more closely I really like and appreciate it. Cyndi Lauper is adept at anything she puts her mind to. I wish she'd performed the blues a lot more live before recording the album as it sounds she has picked up the Blues feel in her voice even better now.    I'm enjopying her latest foreray but as are most fans, we're waiting for her to return to what she does best and thats do something a little more pop. Pop is not a dirty word if its done by someone with as much credibility as Cyndi has built up.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I really enjoy this exercise video. I find that the moves are easy enough to complete but still manage to challenge me and leave me sore the next day (a quality I enjoy). I also enjoy that the video is short, yet encompasses so much. Overall a great video, hope I can acheive my desired results!
B003L77TZI|2.0|I used to like Katy Perry until she made that comment about Lady Gaga, The one thing i can't stand on this earth is a hypocrite. Katy prances around talking about how much she's a godly woman and deeming out anything blasphemous. Well Katy, there are many christian people out there who consider kissing girls, and squirting out ice cream from your boobs among other numerous thing's you've done as blasphemous. Katy's whole career is based on selling sex and she takes pride in parading around like she's the prime example of a christian woman.    Well anyways, this album was just like i imagined it would be. Childish and immature. I had just recently finished listening to Kylie Minogue's \\"Aphrodite\\" and i was compltely blown away, this album is just trash and scum and listening to it right after \\"Aphrodite\\" just made me realize it even more. Having a great vocal range is not really something that's required much in pop music anymore since Britney bust out on the scene, but shouldn't the pop music at least be good and creative enough to make up for the talent that isn't there??    I might've put aside the fact that Katy's a hypocrite and taking a liking to her if this album would've at least turned out well, but who am i kidding? It's Katy Perry, the brunette version of Kesha.    I saw a recent interview of Perry in where she was surprised when a fan had pictures of her on her wall. She was like \\"Omg, she's like a real fan, I have a fan!! I feel special!\\"    It's like she's so wrapped up in being a money making gimmick that she forgot that's what the industry is for, to have fans!      If you are wanting to buy this album, i'd suggest you just get the singles and tracks like \\"E.T\\", \\"Fireworks\\", and \\"The One That Got Away\\". Cause other than that the album is just mindless music at it's best.
0783225547|4.0|Good storyline, likable characters, great special effects and action packet, what more could you want?
B00005OCMR|5.0|the movie is good for a 1982 movie and the technology was great back then
B0036EH3XE|4.0|Season 6 of Lost, on its own, is frustratingly rushed in spots, and at other times meanders on with side characters who may or may not mean anything to the show.  If this sounds like the first 5 seasons to you (particularly 4 & 5), then you know what to expect. And you'll know in your heart that all of your answers will not be forthcoming with season 6. If you're expecting season 6 to answer...well...anything, then you obviously haven't been watching the same show as me.  However, I was sufficiently satisfied with the ending, and I never felt ripped off, or conned.  I watched this show for the mysteries, and they kept me watching for 6 seasons.  So the final \\"answer\\" only addressed one aspect of the show, so what?  How could anyone who has watched and loved this show think it would be any different?  And on this \\"theory\\" that the writers are con men, every show is a 'con' if taken to that level of cynicism, because the shows are not real life...they're meant to entertain, and they have to kind of fool you into watching.  Every piece of media released does the same thing.  And if you feel disappointed in the ending, that's fine, and I won't say you didn't \\"get it\\" (which is really just a person who liked the endings way of saying \\"you're an idiot\\").  I will say this:  after every season, there were questions, and it was obvious from season 3 on that there was never going to be a way to answer all of them.  It's just not possible unless you used each subsequent season to answer the previous seasons mysteries.  Knowing this was the path they chose early on, I am fine with the ending, because there would be nothing worse than jamming 185 'answers' down our throats in a finale, or even a full season.  The ending wasn't necessarily ambiguous, but it made the prior season/s very much so.  And to me, that was the feel they were going for the entire time.  Without the mysteries, I wouldn't have kept watching.  Even without the answers, I'm glad I did.
B003E8P9G0|5.0|this is almost the same thing as percy jackson but it is so different too. rick did a fantasic job on making this old and comforting yet new and terrifying at the same time. i loved it. i can't wait to read the rest of the series.
159562015X|5.0|I've been looking for ways to stoke the fires of the \\"what will I be when I grow up\\" conversation for a long time; this book was my answer. Although it's not a guide to finding a career, it's great brain food for figuring out not only what you're good at, but what you instinctively like to do as a professional. We all have a tendency to focus heavily on our deficiencies, whether consciously or subconsciously, but this book flips that idea on it's head and forces us to confront what we actually do instinctively well. I've become a believer and a convert that our strengths are the most important thing we can understand and develop in our professional lives if we truly want to be happy and successful.
0439023483|5.0|I read Hunger Games, curious to see how the story line plays out. I have to say I wasn't really expecting much, since I'm not really into science fiction. But there was no way I could have prepared myself for the mind blowing awesomeness of this series. With an acute writing style that leaves readers enthralled, Suzanne Collins transports us into a world that is incredible, terrifying, and absolutely exhilarating!     I love this book and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good story, excellent characters, and flawless writing.
B003L77TZI|4.0|This is a great album. Every track is quite original and tells such a great story. I can't even list my favourites because it's an album that you play from start to finish. Okay maybe I skip California Gurls but only because it's been on the radio for months. But yes, if you're a fan of great pop music, check this out because the songs are so catchy and memorable, but not trashy like you're thinking. A lot of thought and effort went into this.
0545123275|4.0|I thought this book was great! I definitely want to go out and buy Linger asap!     I give it 4 stars because it's not necessarily \\"epic\\", but it was a great read!
0307346617|5.0|I could not put this book down. It is written so well and with such precision that I believed everything he said. This book is a nice introduction to science fiction for those who may not be interested. I have loaned this book out and have only had positive responses from all my friends when they returned the book.
0439023513|3.0|What first attracted me to the Hunger Games trilogy was the success in finally finding a heroine who deserved the title.  After reading books year after year that left me with no desire to become like the horribly flawed main character, I was thrilled to find that after completing The Hunger Games and then Catching Fire, I had finally found the heroine I could look up to - Katniss Everdeen.  Strong and sturdy, it seemed that nothing could crush Katniss's spirit or will to survive.  Even after being forced to participate in the Games not only once but twice, Katniss seemed as strong as ever.    This spirit continued throughout the beginning of Mockingjay, and the tone of the novel felt familiar and uplifting.  Unfortunately, it soon became clear that flaws in the characters and plot were unavoidable.  Before focusing on the negatives, allow me to state that though Mockingjay was disappointing, it was still as gripping and compelling as the two novels that came before it.  The dialogue and Katniss's internal monologue was flawless and intriguing.    But many things are wrong with this novel.    To begin with, it seems that Katniss can never escape being a pawn in someone else's game, whether she's in the arena or District 13.  Though she's no longer answering to the Capitol, she has merely shifted over the the rebellion side, and is doing the same exact things, which is being made over for television appearances during which she is told exactly what to say and do.  At first, Katniss is still making weighty decisions of her own, which makes everything else bearable, but as Mockingjay wears on, it becomes more and more obvious that she can't break free from letting other people control her.    Jumping towards the end, and my major problem with the novel, was Prim's death.  It wasn't the actual death that upset me, but rather Katniss's reaction towards at.  As soon as she sees Prim blown up in the explosion, she gives up.  And when my heroine gives up, so do I.  It became heartbreakingly obvious to me that Katniss would not be able to get over her sister's death in the remaining fifty pages or so, and I spent the remainder of the novel crying.    I think the novel would have been much better if we could have seen Katniss get over Prim's death and defeat President Snow, but neither of these things happen.  Though countless people have died on her assassination mission, she gives it up as soon as Prim dies.  Collins had spent the entire novel building up to Katniss killing Snow, and IT DOESN'T HAPPEN.  Instead, she shoots Coin, which though I thought was badass and smart, and possibly even a better climax than Katniss killing Snow, there is no payoff for this action, and we hear no more about it besides the mention of a newly appointed president.    Also, I would like to say that I was Team Gale from the beginning, and the way Collins ended his and Katniss's relationship depressed me.  Gale had a hand in creating the bomb that killed Prim, and though I understand that Katniss can't get over that fact, it made me so mad.  They just give up their friendship after five years, and we don't hear from Gale again.  What's worse, Katniss's last impression of him is a poor excuse for a hunter and friend after he doesn't answer her wish to kill her.  It makes me so angry that the friendship is just given up on and proved to be built on grounds that don't matter in the end.    Finally, we come to the conclusion of the book.  Katniss is abandoned by everyone she knew, besides Peeta.  Who is supposed to have a mental illness that makes him want to kill Katniss, but somehow he magically gets over it to return to District 12 to care for Katniss.  And she decides to marry him and has his babies, yadda yadda yadda.  She's still not making decisions for herself, and only comes out of depression when others force her to.  It's never for herself, but for others, beyond selflessness, but to the point of self-deprivation.      The book ends on not a noteof happiness and hope, but of fear and depression.  Katniss is watching her two children play, and reflects on how the though the Games no longer exist, she and Peeta are still haunted by them and will have to tell their children of them someday...    All I can think when I close the book is \\"You didn't want to have children, the author didn't really resolve the whole issue of the human race being self-destructive, and you gave up Gale.  I'm done.\\"     And I am done.  Mockingjay thoroughly disappointed and depressed me, and I have lost the heroine that I had thought I could depend on.
B002GZQY6Q|4.0|While I don't count myself among Steven Wilson's respectable cult following of idolizing fans, I do own every one of the band's albums from SIGNIFY (1996) onward and find several to be excellent, five-star material. Unfortunately, this is not one of them, but it's still got some solid music to offer.  I think another recent review said it best: this album feels like a series of incomplete thoughts. The first disc is touted as one continuous song cycle, with each track representing a &#34;movement&#34; rather than a discrete song. In reality, it doesn't sound any more musically cohesive than previous PT records, save for the smooth fades between tracks. What I hear are seven full-length &#34;songs,&#34; with the remaining seven tracks being short instrumentals or segues. Highlights for me include &#34;The Blind House&#34; and &#34;The Incident,&#34; both of which explore the electronic elements hinted at on &#34;Sleep Together&#34; from the previous album and offer up a hypnotic atmosphere. &#34;Drawing the Line&#34; features similarly mesmerizing verses, but an inexplicably dull chorus with awkward shrieking from Wilson kills the mood a bit. &#34;Octane Twisted&#34; and &#34;The Seance&#34; are variations on the same theme and work well enough, while you can't help but feel Wilson's pain in closer &#34;I Drive the Hearse&#34; despite its slight cheesiness.  The second disc, much like NIL RECURRING (the companion EP to FEAR OF A BLANK PLANET), consists of four tracks whose immediately-evident mediocrity makes their separation from the main disc wise. &#34;Bonnie the Cat&#34; is the highlight for me, but even it can't hold a candle to any PT classic from the 1999-2005 era. Still, it's hard to complain about getting this material free instead of as a $9 EP like last time.  For reference, I believe Tree peaked in the first half of the 2000s with IN ABSENTIA and DEADWING, although material from the STUPID DREAM/LIGHTBULB SUN era was darn near as good. In my opinion, FEAROF A BLANK PLANET (2007) marked the beginning of two missteps for this band that continue onto this record: one being lyrics which are too literal and borderline juvenile at times, and the other being too much focus on a classic, derivative 70s prog sound rather than the more innovative alt-metal that characterized IA and DW. As I said above, the electronic-influenced exceptions to this trend are my favorites, while the 12-minute Floydian monstrosity &#34;Time Flies&#34; represents everything I see going wrong with these guys lately: backward-looking prog indulgence that's lauded by balding 50-somethings who pine for the lyrically-sterile and musically-dated void left by 70s Yes and Rush, but leaves the rest of us scratching our heads and reaching for the skip button.  Overall, a solid outing and worth picking up for existing PT devotees, but I can't recommend it too emphatically for newcomers.  4.1 stars
B003JTHESA|4.0|Ok, I thought AMOLAD was ok. I really liked Dance of Death SO much better of the last 4 CD's with Bruce and Adrian. I was hopeful for this CD. It is along the same lines as AMOLAD in MHO. The music is generally melancholy but well written. However, this is Iron Maiden. I loved these guys since the early days. I miss Number through Seventh Son so much. Those days are way gone. This CD is thoughtful. But come on, I want aggressive songs about war battles and Sci Fi themes, not about philosophical religious and social commentary. If they continue along these lines I hope they retire in a hurry. Never thought I would say that about these guys. They are my ALL time favorite band and most influential on my guitar style. But this sucks if you dig the 80's IM.  I liked them when they were just plain fun to listen to. Not so much now. I am truly tired of bands that keep putting out music after they lost their vision. There is a time to put a cap in it. I feel this is Maiden's. Go listen to Piece of Mind guys and remember the PASSION!!!!    Ok...Having listened to this CD many more times since my last review. I have decided it is a good album. I give it a 4 stars. This is considering that the golden years are all 5+ stars. Its grows on you. The songs, especially on the second half have long slow intros..I do miss songs that grab you immediately like the trooper, aces high etc. But this CD gets better with every listen. Get it!
B002NWRMVS|4.0|Good CD, there's only one Norah Jones.  I basically bought it for one song, but the whole thing is pretty good.
B003WKOU0G|5.0|I have no children, I am 20 years old, and I absolutely loved this film! I do agree that people with children might be able to relate to this film a little bit more than I did, but you don't have to be able to relate to enjoy, right? There's really no talking and no subtitles, but the images speak for themselves. It was amazing to be able to sit in one place and watch 4 different babies discover the world in very different ways. This film not only shows you the culture of others but really makes you question/view your own culture. Great film.
6305428220|5.0|AS an educator, I'm a stickler about kids swearing around me... and for that matter, teachers swearing around students.  Despite all that, this is a great story for Middle School and High School.  The kids are the only ones smart enough to save the world. The opening segment (before the credits even start) grabs the kids and doesn't let them go until the end. I explain to the kids that there is plenty of swearing and as long as they're cool about it...we can watch it. Pretty soon, it isn't even an issue.  They've all heard language like that...I've heard language like it...and back in the day it was filmed, everyone wanted that \\"R\\" rating, so I think they were pretty heavy handed on the F-bomb.  It's all about the story...
0156013983|5.0|I read part of this book back in high school, and I just bought it to \\"refresh\\" my French!  It's such a beautiful story.... well worth reading, whatever your age!
1401307787|5.0|I purchased this book as a gift for my granddaughter, I already own a copy. It is an excellent book offering great insite and helpful viewpoints to living a full life. Easy to read and understand.
B002XTBE6K|3.0|First off, I'm an avid Austen fan, and I've read this novel at least 3 times and I've seen every adaptation it both movies and miniseries. Wow, so this modern adaptation of Emma did not sit well with me at all. When I first found out that the BBC was filming this I was burning with anticipation only to be disappointed when i finally watched it in its entirety.     Whats wrong with it? Romola Garai as Emma. She did a good job as the 18 year old Briony Tallis in Atonement, but this role was not for her. Her mannerisms and conduct definitely set early 19th century propriety at naught. She also lacked the air and self importance that Emma has in the novel. Yes, Romola Garai was cheery and bright like the Emma from the actual novel, but I really dont like Romola Garai as Emma, she just didnt do the job for me this time around. I definitely prefer Kate Beckinsdale as Emma in the 1996 version. This Emma is far too modern. You cant see the division between the classes in this version that is present in other adaptations as well as in the novel. This emma seems to be on the same footing as Mrs. Cole or even Mrs. Elton.     What else is wrong with it? The script. While the storyline followed the novel pretty well, the dialogue was surprisingly lacking in the wit and cleverness that I really enjoy in Jane Austen's novels.
0439023513|5.0|*Contains Spoilers if you haven't read The Hunger Games or Catching Fire.<br /><br />After all the painful wait the conclusion to the amazing Hunger Games trilogy has arrived. I just finished Mockingjay a couple minutes ago after spending all night reading it and I have to say it was more then worth it.<br /><br />Katniss Everden has gone through more tragedies and tribulations than you would think possible for a 17 year-old. She has gone through not only one Hunger Games, but two in the past year and not her home and all that she has know have gone up in flames and she is the symbol of a revolution that she accidentally started.<br /><br />The war is full on and in Mockingjay we finally meet the mysterious District 13 and it's nothing like I imagined it would be. The whole war is being controlled from the bowels of the underground system that comprise Panem's former military installations and at the leadership position we have President Coin. Now, I have to say that from the first moment she appeared in the book, I absolutely disliked her, she just gave me a creepy vibe and just reminded me of a more outwardly tamer version of the ruthless leader of the Capitol, President Snow.<br /><br />Mockingjay is not as full of action as The Hunger Games and Catching Fire, but only by a very small margin. One of the things I most enjoyed about it was the in depth view we got of Katniss state of mind throughout the book. I have only one word for out heroine for a lot of Mockingjay, MESS! I am not criticizing her, she has all the right to be a mess, the destruction and deaths caused by the war just keep on piling up and being pullen in a hundred different directions is not something easy to deal with.<br /><br />However, regardless of how much of a mess Katniss is, she braves through and rises in the story, showing how much she has grown since the first book. I love her braveness, loyalty and fearlessness even though I felt like punching her at times.<br /><br />I really don't want to spoil anything because I believe that the enjoyment of Mockingjay, is very much connected to it's power to surprise you, so I will make this review shorter than I feel it could be and keep clear from plot points.<br /><br />The Hunger Games trilogy is an YA series, but it is not an easy one to read, specially Mockingjay. At it's core is some very powerful political and social criticism that cannot be ignored. Our society's obsession with perfect beauty, corruption of power and selfishness, just to name a few. The people of the Capitol are a gruesome and scary look at what out society's future might be if we get out of hand in idolizing fake beauty and plastic surgery.<br /><br />The death toll in Mockingjay is indescribable, if I thought J.K. Rowling was brave to kill beloved characters by the end of the Harry Potter series, I have to say that Suzanne Collins is fearless. She does not pull punches and no one is safe. I cried and suffered with Katniss and loved every minute of it.<br /><br />Mockingjay is the end of an amazing trilogy that I will miss dearly. Suzanne Collins had given life to so many wonderful and rich characters that I could not help but fall in love with and I just wish we could read more about them. But, I LOVED the ending and I feel she has closed this remarkable trilogy just as it should be and I just know that these will be books that I will read and re-read over and over again for the rest of my life.<br /><br />If you haven't read this trilogy yet, I seriously suggest you do something about it really soon, I could not recommend it enough!<br /><br />Also posted on my blog: &lt;a[...]\\">Welcome to Larissa's Bookish Life&lt;/a>e enjoyment of Mockingjay, is very much connected to it's power to surprise you, so I will make this review shorter than I feel it could be and keep clear from plot points.    The Hunger Games trilogy is an YA series, but it is not an easy one to read, specially Mockingjay. At it's core is some very powerful political and social criticism that cannot be ignored. Our society's obsession with perfect beauty, corruption of power and selfishness, just to name a few. The people of the Capitol are a gruesome and scary look at what out society's future might be if we get out of hand in idolizing fake beauty and plastic surgery.    The death toll in Mockingjay is indescribable, if I thought J.K. Rowling was brave to kill beloved characters by the end of the Harry Potter series, I have to say that Suzanne Collins is fearless. She does not pull punches and no one is safe. I cried and suffered with Katniss and loved every minute of it.    Mockingjay is the end of an amazing trilogy that I will miss dearly. Suzanne Collins had given life to so many wonderful and rich characters that I could not help but fall in love with and I just wish we could read more about them. But, I LOVED the ending and I feel she has closed this remarkable trilogy just as it should be and I just know that these will be books that I will read and re-read over and over again for the rest of my life.    If you haven't read this trilogy yet, I seriously suggest you do something about it really soon, I could not recommend it enough!    Also posted on my blog: <a[...]\\">Welcome to Larissa's Bookish Life</a>
0399215921|2.0|This book is a miniature version.  If you are looking for a board book, this is not the one you should be buying...
B000B7TLSY|5.0|This UMD is nearly impossible to find in the condition that I got it in. It's like one of the best movies and now I can watch it on my psp.
0439023513|5.0|It's finally here!  For those of us who were first captivated by The Hunger Games and Catching Fire, the wait to see how Suzanne Collins would end the story of Katniss, Peeta and Gale has seemed endless.  I am not going to speak to any specific plot points here because I don't want to spoil anything for those fans that have waited so long.  Here's the good news; Mockingjay is an intelligent, complex, well-written and totally satisfying end to this story.<br /><br />This book is dark.  Katniss is wracked with guilt about the roles she has played in so many deaths and what she perceives as her failure to protect Peeta.  This runs throughout the entire story, and the author does such an effective job of portraying her pain that the book is at times hard to read.  Katniss is often teetering on the edge of sanity as she strives to make sense of what is expected of her and to maintain her sense of self.<br /><br />When I first started reading the book, I was fully expecting the breakneck pacing and constant action of the Hunger Games, and was a bit distressed to find that this one seemed to be more political.  It wasn't long however until I was riveted by the intrigue and the author started to deliver on those signature \\"goosebump moments\\".  This book takes on war, our reliance on media and how it often seems to glorify death and destruction.  In the right hands, it can provide not only an entertaining read but also much food for thought.  This is a book of war and it pulls no punches.  There are gruesome deaths, betrayals and inhumane cruelty here.  Parents of younger readers should be cautioned that this installment is much more intense than the prior two volumes.<br /><br />This book, with it's intricate webs of intrigue, blurs the lines of right and wrong and challenges everything Katniss (and the reader) has taken for granted.  It is sophisticated and wholly original.  It serves to bring Katniss full circle and while I don't think it will necessarily please everyone, I thought it was a brilliant ending to a sensational series.as a brilliant ending to a sensational series.
B000I9S64U|5.0|I will never understand why this movie got such poor reviews. It is a masterpiece! However, in a reverse of the usual read-the-book: watch-the-movie usually disappoints, it is the opposite here. You simply will not get it, you will not feel it unless you read every word of the book. Herbert is a genius and this movie does not disappoint.  Use the book as a primer, than grab the popcorn and put your head in a good place.
0446579939|5.0|Nicholas Sparks wins big!!  This is a great book, as are all his stories!!
B003HKN52U|4.0|Musical Score and Directing were excellent and effective; appropriate and was a major character to the movie.  Antonio Banderas was perfectly cast as Armand.  The visuals were very effective. However, Anne Rice sold out to agree to Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt and Christian Slater in lead roles. They were not effective nor appropriate, nor believable as the lead characters they portrayed. They used their clout to bully into getting cast, and true fans of Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles, feel very betrayed and let down. The novel in the mid 1970's was better than the 1994 movie release, because of the ineffective casting of Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt and Christian Slater. They were not mature enough nor talented enough to make those lead roles a success.
0026009102|1.0|Good grief, this book is awful.  Not only are the characters made out of cardboard, the plot itself is cardboard, not to mention the childish philosophy it promotes.  It can appeal only to those who, despite being uneducated and without talent, have an exalted opinion of themselves.
B001HDYK6Y|3.0|It's got weak spots, but I like the melodies, soaring choruses, diverse arrangements, and positive attitude.  A lot of people seem to be bashing this record based on their expectations with reference to previous albums, though I am guilty of the same from time to time, it doesn't seem fair.  I'm largely unfamiliar with this bands previous output (though judging from what I have heard this record doesn't stray very far) but standing alone it's a colorful, energetic, up beat and heartening record with an overall positive theme: don't get bogged down in the day to day, you're just as capable as anyone else, and learn about and be true to yourself.  I enjoy it.
B0037SQ3C6|4.0|First I have to say, I am completely in love with the way Yundi commands the black and white ivories since I began paying attention to him 10 years ago. His Chopin recital and Liszt (Liebestraum!) CDs are the only two discs I ever listen to whenever I take my car out for the last couple of years.    Many great reviews and comments have been given, and there is but one thing I want to add which I am surprised no one has pointed out yet ... I truly think EMI should give a second look at the sound stage management/tuner of the piano. Quite a few people have complained that the yellow label tend to record the breathing sound of the pianist itself, which is something that I personally do not quite mind for you quickly learn to forgive or even come to appreciate for its \\"life\\" value. However, there just seem to be something slightly off with the grand Yundi used on this EMI recording ... I can't quite recall which particular key it was, but I am inclined to say it was one of the F#. Mayhap I will report back once I get my car back from the dealer and listen to that one particular piece again. Yet, am I the only one that's hearing this? I have a well serviced Yamaha baby grand at home and regular access to two other well-tuned uprights, and despite the night-and-day difference in Master Li's technique and mine in comparison chopsticks, I am still convinced there is something with the tune of one or two keys or the sound stage itself.    I am slightly disappointed in the selections of this CD, but I am quite pleased to hear a bit more \\"fiery\\" in his playing that comes with age and maturity; a well deserved 4 stars in my books. Can you live without this CD? You probably can. However, it's definitely nice to have for prosperity so you can gain a more in-depth chronological understand of him for the long time to come.     Lastly, thank you for not canceling your Carnegie hall performance a few months back! Only one complain though, please don't smudge the signature next time when you sign my CD!
1596680296|5.0|I have been a knitter for years but had never attempted socks. That was until I saw the darling socks my mom had made. I purchased Ann Budd's book hoping it would guide me through the basics. It more than lived up to its name \\"Getting Started Knitting Socks!\\" Great book, I recommend it highly!
B00005AYET|5.0|The DVD arrived much sooner than anticipated and in perfect condition.  Very thankful to the seller and will use their services again!
0817439390|5.0|This book was awesome...I believe the author took the criticism of his other books and updated the book based on them...When researching to buy this book I looked at the reviews of the other editions and some of the comments were \\"I wish he would put what type of lens he uses or exposure he used in the photos.\\" Well, he does that in this edition.  Another person said that they wished he would put photos to show what he means and he puts two photos (sometimes 3) of first the auto or what beginning photographers would do and then show an example of the same picture with the exposure changed based on what he is trying to teach you (did that make any sense?!?). How about a before and after type of photos (maybe that makes more sense).  His style of writing is not textbook style. I think he tries to make it fun and entertaining and that sometimes makes people think he is condescending to the reader, but I don't think that is his intention and I enjoy that sense I'm definitely not trying to read textbook style reading (I did enough of that in college).<br />I say this is for beginning photographers and not for intermediate or professional because I believe he is very brief and dumbs down what he is trying to teach to relate to those of us who know absolutely nothing about cameras or the intricate of how cameras work. He will use things like \\"The Sky Brothers\\" or \\"Mr. Green Jeans,\\" which will feel like kid stuff for a pro or semi-pro person, but for me the beginner a welcomed help.  After reading this book I feel like I can go out and take photos on manual and not be intimidated about getting the wrong exposure.<br /><br />I included the link to his previous edition because that has more reviews than this edition (as of this review) and I believe the author revised a lot of the gripe the \\"One Star people\\" are talking about. [[ASIN:0817463003 Understanding Exposure: How to Shoot Great Photographs with a Film or Digital Camera (Updated Edition)]]
B003EYVXYG|5.0|I just bought and watched this Masterpiece on Blu-ray! Thank You George! This is what you expect a zombie movie should be and George has returned to his roots...all zombies and minimum BS! Right from the start it hits you between the eyes like a bullet in a zombies head! Big budget, top notch music score, good acting (you like the characters), professionally shot cinematography and of course, excellent effects! Anyone who pans this as being crap probably likes the snail paced garbage that Fulci puts out! Thank You George for a real zombie film!
030726999X|5.0|Reading the Millenium Trilogy was an amazing experience. I never read three books in a series of novels in which each one is better than the one prior to it. This is the best book I have read in years and is one of my favorites of all time. It is such a shame that the author is dead. His talent far exceeded the talent of most anyone in his genre. A must read!
B003JTHESA|5.0|Being that I consider Seventh Son of a Seventh Son to be the GREATEST album of all time, I am not looking for \\"catchy\\"  tunes when I am listening to an Iron Maiden album; I want the heavy epic stuff!<br />  I remember hating No Prayer for the Dying (their worst produced album) from day one, and I never could get into Matter of Life & Death( too disjointed), but The Final Frontier is spectacular!<br /> I've listened to the entire album over nine times and am deriving greater enjoyment from it with each listen, as there is alot going on in each song.<br />  There is a pervasive melodic feel to the TFF that harkens back to the SIT and SSOASS era.<br />  If you are a fan of that period, which is my favorite, then you are sure to like The Final Frontier.<br /> Can't wait to see them back in Fort Lauderdale in '11!
0439023513|3.0|I'm going to say it again - this review has major spoilers. I simply don't think that I can discuss my disappointment with the book, and the series over all now, without actually discussing the events of the book. So, if you haven't read the book yet, and you don't want to know what happens, don't read this review!!! You have been warned.    First, let me start with the positives. This book was very fast paced and hard to put down, like the rest of the series. I read it very swiftly, with few breaks. Some of the supporting characters develop beautifully in this book. Finnick especially really rounded out in this book. Because you care about a lot of the supporting characters, you really care if they die. That's a big thing for me. When reading a book about war, I don't want to feel like I'm trapped in one of those shooting video games, where a death only means more points. In this book, most of the deaths were gut wrenching. You REALLY felt their loss. That might upset some people, but for me it was one of the strong points of the book. There also were deaths where you didn't care, because both you and Katniss were too numb at this point. That also was a strong point for me. It made the war feel that much more real and horrible. The war is not simply about good guys and bad guys. There are numerous shades of grey. District 13 is more than just the good guys sweeping in. I liked that.     Now, on to the negatives.     One of the main reasons I did not like this book was I didn't feel it completed Katniss's character arc, or did justice to her as a character. This sounds like I'm quibbling, but I'm not. It's a major flaw in the book. In fantasy and science fiction, the main character's inner struggle has to mirror the world's outer struggle. The series is about revolting against an evil, freedom suppressing government and instating a new one in its place. Therefore, Katniss has to move from being an extremely resilient and unpredictable pawn to being in full control of her life. Otherwise the full meaning of the revolution is weakened, if it is not reflected in the emotional journey of the character.     But instead Katniss remains an unpredictable pawn, manipulated by outside forces, struggling to retain her identity when she has no true control over her life. That she's manipulated by 13 rather than President Snow only adds salt to the wound. She's far too passive, in the book where she should be the most active. She can only react, not act. She reacts to others decisions, never making her own.     That's fine for the first two books. But in the third book Katniss needs to mature. She needs to develop as a character, and really have control over her talents and her future. She needs to undergo the emotional journey of the revolution, and be the human face of what is happening in the country. But that doesn't happen, hence my problem with the book. Instead, Katniss is plopped into yet another situation where she is manipulated and used for others advantage, and she has to survive. This time it is being District 13's Mockingjay. Katniss is used to spur the other districts into revolution. At first she doesn't want to be the Mockingjay, because she doesn't trust District 13. Then, after seeing the realities of the war, she decides to go ahead with it and be their Mockingjay. All right. But it's past time for Katniss to decide to be used by other people. She needs to shape her fate for herself at this point. We've had two books where she had to survive others decisions. Now she needs to start making her own decisions. But the most she does is set conditions. 'I'll be your Mockingjay, if you don't kill the other victors\\". She doesn't decide her be HER Mockingjay. She doesn't make the revolution her own, the way Gale does. That is Katniss reacting to District 13's needs, not acting based on her own.     This was at the beginning of the book, so I could have forgiven it if Katniss had gone on and taken more and more control of the Revolution after that. She has the power to. She is an incredibly powerful person. And she doesn't do that. She does what 13 wants her to do, only deviating impulsively. 13 takes to to 8, to film her. Katniss jumps into the fighting when she's not supposed to. She asserts her independence a little, but only within 13's boundaries. She never sets her own boundaries. Katniss even realizes that she has power in that scene. But she does nothing with it. She doesn't say; \\"I have power. I can move people. I'm going to use my status as a Mockingjay to ensure that the revolution is successful and the new government never repeats the horrors of the old.\\" She simply continues to be what 13 wants her to be; that is a tool for the good of the revolution.    This happens consistently.  The climax of the book should have been the height of Katniss's independence. She should have figured out how to use her charisma. She should be making decisions at this point. Instead, the most Katniss does is lead a band of rebels through the capital in order to kill President Snow, WHICH THEN DOES NOT HAPPEN. That really bothered me. People died left and right on this mission, she almost gets there. She sees President Snow's mansion. Then her sister gets bombed, and she gets burned. She's taken by 13 once again and is put in a hospital. Once again she's in someone else's power. At the height of her measly independence, she's once again placed in someone else's power, and she doesn't even complete the mission to make it worth it. The entire mission was basically pointless. Prim's death was pointless. Prim dies, and Katniss loses it. But Katniss loses it to sit by herself in a corner. This is hardly anything new. Katniss is on the edge of losing it for the entire book. Prim's death was not needed to spur that. And Katniss should not have lost it at the climax of the book. If she had to lose it, it should have happened midway through the book. Then she could have pulled herself together and done what she needed to do. I think that what should have happened was that Prim's death spurred Katniss to get into the mansion and kill Snow. She does this, faces Snow, and forces him onto a balcony or something to shoot him publicly. Then Coin can show up, etc...    Speaking of Coin's death, that also bothered me. I was glad Katniss shot her. But Katniss doesn't sit there and think: 'Coin will be a really bad leader. She wanted to do another Hunger Games! She'll be just as bad as Snow once she gets the power. I have to stop her any way that I can!' Instead, Katniss lets herself get manipulated by Snow to kill Coin. Then she's put on trial for her life, and she doesn't even get to defend her decision at her own trial. Instead, she's not even there.  Other people decide that she can live. She never argues for her life. Other virtually nameless people do, behind her back.     Which brings me to the ending, which also really bothers me. She's shipped off to 12, where she lives her life quietly with Peeta, starting their own family and remembering the deaths that happened. Once again, Katniss takes no active part in this decision. It reeked to me of the unpredictable element of the revolution being shut away somewhere quiet where she couldn't do damage to the new regime. Then, in 12, she does nothing but sit around with Peeta and have babies. Now, let me make it clear that there's nothing wrong with trying to live a normal life and bringing more life into the world after a bloody revolution. Most people would want to do that. But the decision didn't come from Katniss herself trying to take control of her life, and that's where I have problems with it. First of all, it doesn't resolve any of her issues. It doesn't give her power over herself, it doesn't give her any means to prevent the new government from being as bad as the old, it doesn't allow her to live up to her full potential. This is ESPECIALLY a problem when the entire series was about the effect of dictatorship on the individual. For Katniss, it was about how Katniss was consistently used and manipulated, and never had the chance to live her life based on her own terms. Her freedom was so restricted, she could simply react and hope to survive. In the new government Katniss needs to be able to act for herself, and she never does.    The thing that really bothered me is that it was so easy to fix. All that would be needed is for Katniss to be recommended by the people or the revolutionaries or simply Gale for a part in the new government, as the face of the government or something like that. Katniss goes up and makes a speech about how she's honored but she simply can't accept. She has seen what power can do to people, and she wants no part in it. She just wants the life denied to her by the government in the first place. She's going back to 12, where she can live with her memories and try to rebuild a fraction of what Snow destroyed. THEN she goes off to 12 and lives with Peeta and starts a family. That way, it's HER OWN decision. It's Katniss taking control of her life, and living it the way she wants to. The way it is in the book is Katniss being manipulated by outside forces yet again.     Since in good science fiction and fantasy the character's inner conflict mirrors the world's outer conflict, the fact that Katniss's inner journey was never fully resolved makes this book flawed. It essentially makes the series fail to resolve anything it started out to do. What does a new, equitable government mean to the individuals involved after they lost so much to end a horrific dictatorship? We don't know. Katniss doesn't know, because she is still a pawn. The fact that Katniss virtually remained a rebellious pawn throughout the entire series, never coming into her own, is unacceptable to me. It ruined the book for me, and the series.
B003ICWTR4|5.0|His enthusiasm is infectious and seeing Springsteen live is an experience.  This DVD captures him at age 60 doing what most people half his age couldn't.  Some of the songs gave me goose bumps.  A great follow up to his Live DVD in Barcelona.
B003FMTZOM|3.0|I have been(and still am) a devout fan of Christina Aguilera ever since she came out with the song `I Turn to You\\" on her debut album. This is why, when her new CD Bionic came out, I did not hesitate to buy it. She has a beautiful voice.    For this music review, I'm going to do a song by song discussion. Christina Aguilera's latest album is again totally different from her last ones. As the title suggests, Bionic has much more of a hip hop dance vibe to it rather than ballads and a focus on her strong voice. I also have to note that I find it interesting that she has dedicated the album to her son, when she is naked in most of the album pictures(with small things covering her bits up). It's still sweet that she mentions her son....    To read the full review, please visit Stuffed Ahes
B002WYH5N2|4.0|I love this film and saw it several times at the cinema. I even bought a bigger television especially for when this film came out on dvd and I love it as well as the Colin Firth mini-servies AND the book. I bought a copy and then ordered the 2 disc special edition. This film, to my utter horror has the \\"American\\" ending with the unlikely scene of Mr and Mrs Darcy \\"making out\\" in front of the lake at Pemberley, most un-Jane Austen like and an option to view with my original copy which I shall now watch in preference. The cast is wonderful, the music, everything but THAT ending.
0739380338|5.0|Finally bought the last book of the Percy Jackson series. Wonderful story. Great performance. My kids (6 & 8) love listening to books. I am hooked on audio books for the car. I highly recommend the books for anyone who likes adventure and fun.
B003L77TZI|2.0|Katy Perry knows how to market herself. The first few lines of the opening title track of new album \\"Teenage Dream\\" are proof enough before considering the cotton candy nudity of the cover art. She has also clearly worked hard to maintain her career in the competitive couple of years since she released her debut in pre-Gaga 2008.<br /><br />Still, \\"Teenage Dream\\" is a slave to the unfortunate era in which it was created and equally unfortunate (uninformed) audience it was designed for.<br /><br />If a more sophisticated CD is a fancy dinner in a French restaurant, \\"Teenage Dream\\" is Coca-Cola to be lapped up by the masses - from Beijing to Burbank.<br /><br />Pop radio is by now little more than gimmicky ads and faceless tunes crafted by \\"professionals\\" that replace melodies with repetitive beats and last just long enough before the average listener's attention span runs its course. The ads sound like songs and the songs sound like ads.<br /><br />\\"Teenage Dream\\" is designed to toss off hits deep into 2011, and it surely will. The problem is that a product designed to appeal to the largest possible audience can only be as good as the average individual's taste in that audience.<br /><br />This is not music concerned with strong, lasting pop melodies or well-written lyrics, although they occasionally arise on the likes of \\"Circle the Drain\\" (a goodbye to a drug abuser with a painfully forced F-bomb for lame shock value) and \\"Who Am I Living For,\\" which finds Perry's voice painfully off-pitch, forced beyond its limits. \\"Pearl\\" is more exemplary , designed to exploit the average teenage girl's insecurities with its recycled message of empowerment. Mediocrity is the name of the game.<br /><br />This is a batch of tunes crafted to make money in 2010 by cashing in on the taste buds of an audience that, as of this writing, watches \\"Keeping Up with the Kardashians\\" and \\"Jersey Shore\\" and, as it will with these tunes, have forgotten them with the passing of a year or two.<br /><br />Take these lyrics from \\"Last Friday Night (TGIF),\\" sure to be a major hit:<br /><br />\\"Pink flamingos in the pool/I smell like a minibar/DJ's passed out in the yard/Barbie's on the barbeque/There's a hickie or a bruise/Pictures of last night/Ended up online/I'm screwed, oh well.\\"<br /><br />Perry shows ambition. She goes for a surprising variety of subject matter (compare the left-field \\"E.T.\\" to more obvious tunes like the highly textured, admittedly catchy \\"California Gurls\\" featuring Snoop Dogg, having a ball and paying his bills) and gamely displays her forceful, if ragged (and estrogen-stripped), vocal ability.<br /><br />However, ambition does not equal talent. Results are what matter, and they show that Perry crafts two kinds of songs - sexaholic drivel designed to be hits for the non-thinking general public and decidedly more serious tunes that not only reveal the unflattering limits of her actual talent but that come off hopelessly forced and insincere.<br /><br />In the 80s, when pure pop painted itself all over mainstream radio, kids were exposed to Michael Jackson, Prince and Gloria Estefan, artists who crafted state-of-the-art hits that were well-sung, well-produced and had melodies. They were catchy then and remain so now. What do kids have now? Katy Perry.<br /><br />It's a hell of a step down.F),\\" sure to be a major hit:    \\"Pink flamingos in the pool/I smell like a minibar/DJ's passed out in the yard/Barbie's on the barbeque/There's a hickie or a bruise/Pictures of last night/Ended up online/I'm screwed, oh well.\\"    Perry shows ambition. She goes for a surprising variety of subject matter (compare the left-field \\"E.T.\\" to more obvious tunes like the highly textured, admittedly catchy \\"California Gurls\\" featuring Snoop Dogg, having a ball and paying his bills) and gamely displays her forceful, if ragged (and estrogen-stripped), vocal ability.    However, ambition does not equal talent. Results are what matter, and they show that Perry crafts two kinds of songs - sexaholic drivel designed to be hits for the non-thinking general public and decidedly more serious tunes that not only reveal the unflattering limits of her actual talent but that come off hopelessly forced and insincere.    In the 80s, when pure pop painted itself all over mainstream radio, kids were exposed to Michael Jackson, Prince and Gloria Estefan, artists who crafted state-of-the-art hits that were well-sung, well-produced and had melodies. They were catchy then and remain so now. What do kids have now? Katy Perry.    It's a hell of a step down.
B002RWKSII|1.0|This album is a disaster from start to finish.  Bottom line is that Brian Wilson's voice is shot. Maybe somebody should tell him that it's been gone for several years now.    Sure, most of us love Gershwin.  The songs are timeless.  The orchestration on this offering is very good but when Brian opens his mouth everything goes downhill real fast.  I can only guess that the only reason this received raving reviews is simply because the name on the album is BRIAN WILSON.  If it was JOE SHMOE the master tapes and the artist would have wound up in a studio trash bin immediately after the session.    My suggestion would be for Wilson to stick to songwriting and gracefully exit from the performance venue.  He's starting to become a parody of himself much like Bob Dylan.
B000R7GKQE|1.0|I ordered this Supernatural DVD on May 20th and accidentally entered a typo in the street number.. after a couple of weeks I realized the problem after I did not receive the package. I emailed them and did not hear back for weeks.. after about a month of not hearing from them, I received a message stating he was on vacation and does not check emails.. I emailed back with the correct address and never heard back. This is ridiculous. I want my money back. this makes me not want to buy from anyone on Amazon anymore as they can be as unreliable as this person. I was trying to refrain from putting up a bad review but it has been more than 90 days and this issue has not been resolved. I want my $25 back! If you have a business and customers who rely on timely responses, you should check your emails. I bet this one will get responded to quickly!
0439023491|4.0|The main attraction of the first book, The Hunger Games, was the battle to the death in the arena. The fight-for-your-life bloody game was so captivating that I wasn't surprised when Katniss Everdeen, our fearless protagonist, returned to the arena again in this sequel, Catching Fire. The battles, called the Hunger Games, pit the children of surrounding districts against each other. The Capitol runs the games as a way of controlling the twelve districts. This has been going on (and I would also say tolerated) for 75 years according to the story. Katniss is the seed of the rebellion against the Capitol, although she's more of symbol than an actual player at this point.<br /><br />The premise for the books is hard for me to accept. 75 years of enslavement before someone figured out how to rebel? Bloodthirsty teenagers killing other teenagers for entertainment and few seem to care? A central Capitol completely out-manned by 12 districts and still in control? It's a great setup, but I have to accept a completely dehumanized set of protagonist characters in order for it to work. Katniss is a ruthless killer because she had to be one in order to survive, and it's difficult to believe in the love triangle between her, Peeta and Gale knowing that she's a scarred human being for life.<br /><br />I still recommend these books because of the fast-paced action and engrossing plot. The rebellion IS finally happening so there's hope for humanity yet. I just wish they had the courage to face the terrible injustice sooner.
B003NHRIVQ|1.0|First, the formula clich&eacute;s:<br />(1.) Divorced parents.<br />(2.) Rebellious teen daughter.<br />(3.) Cute precocious younger sibling.<br />(4.) Primary storyline is that the kids are in a summer visit to the, yet unknown lung cancer ridden, dad (doesn't even smoke).<br />(5.) Kids try to get mom and dad back together.<br />(6.) Daughter gets bumped into at beach by cute vball player, mechanic, animal rights volunteer, Russian speaking (sort of) Tolstoy memorizer that says \\"sir\\" all the time and has obnoxious snobbish parents (what happened to genetics and learned behavior for developing offspring).<br />(7.) All the other town's teens provide the movie's secondary story by acting like they should all really be the illegitimate children of aforementioned obnoxious parents.<br /><br />Second, the acting and story writing:<br />(1.) Miley's acting consists of smiling between her TV programmed speaking in monosyllabic short sentences skill.<br />(2.) Unbelievable script such as when Miley vacillates within seconds on several occasions between despising and loving the cute guy. Just doesn't fly - it's just fake drama. Or, when Miley is found with a stolen bracelet in purse and doesn't bother to explain to the store that a girl standing a few feet away did it as a prank or to dad who/why it was done.<br />(3.) The cutaway scenes of cute guy playing vball and Miley playing piano to make it look as if they actually have skills in either endeavor was also laughably fakey.<br />(4.) Miley tries on a dozen dresses in store with music as a vehicle to show her personality. Really, couldn't they create a more challenging scene? Miley watches over buried turtle eggs and chases a raccoon and then is scared  by the same raccoon as the story's tertiary storyline. Scenes to show her diverse acting skills?<br /><br />Overall, the movie consists of photo ops of Miley in various poses interjected into a time-worn storyline.
B003INBOEM|1.0|The movie reviews on the dvd display/play ok. When the IP Man movie starts to pan foward it stops dead in its track. The display only shows IP Man moving foward and then stops. I went to Walmart and their movie did the exact same thing. I own a panasonic bd-65 and loaded w/latest firmware update 1.27. Defective product.
B000SINT52|5.0|I'm both impressed and agitated, but indecisive though. What is really the truth? Moore's mockumentary is thought-provoking and gives the impression that it depicts the stifled and hidden truth. But we've learned to be critical of any  documentary that uses propaganda-like means - and Michael undoubtedly does employ rhetorical devices that has (used in any other topic, notably with evil intentions) the potential to short-circuit balanced reasoning and which is predominantly emotional. Not that Michael has any vicious in mind, not at all, quite the contrary.  On the other hand, Michael Moore has never denied that he is not polemic and doesn't harness emotional propaganda-like material. And he has never denied that his documentation style is in part unbalanced and unfair. It seems he has come to the insight that this is the only way to raise awareness and to give some parts of American society a wake-up call. For the European audience, predominantly accustomed to think critically of the United State's warfare under G. W. Bush, of any warfare and patriotic militarism whatsoever, it seems a little too much. From the perspective of an American journalist and filmmaker it might be the legitimate way to depict grievances and clear things up, that would otherwise be falsified and sifted out by the mass media, courtesy of the U.S. administration and its alleged lobbyists.  Intermittently some scenes struck me as slightly questionable. We don't know what George W. Bush was really thinking when he learned terrorists have attacked the Unites States - and we don't know how other politicians would have looked in this situation - not even Barack Obama. In this case, Michael is toying with speculations, not with facts. Nevertheless, as mentioned, may it be legitimate facing the atrocities following the attacks.  Very riveting and revealing was the quote of George Orwell book &#34;Nineteen-Eighty-Four&#34;, expounding the function of warfare for a modern society. And it was daring as well.  In conclusion and maybe a little surprising, but assuredly not as a u-turn I daresay: Time has told and proved that this movie was an overdue antidote against the treacherous, fraudulent warfare propaganda spread by the American government in those years. Fahrenehit 9/11 is without question a gem, absolutely worth seeing and something that will reverberate in your mind for a long time.
B003J7HOKU|4.0|The Good - This album is as brutal as Metalcore comes really. Every song has an exciting breakdown (a good and bad thing) and it never lets up from start to finish. The highlight is definitely the intro and the first two tracks. Especially Sleepwalker, it blew my mind. Over all, this is an absolutely amazing album that will have you pressing the repeat button on your ipod for time to come. Enjoy!    The Bad - I couldn't just leave this review with the good, because there are just too many problems with Parkway Drive's Deep Blue to ignore. If it were any other band it would have been an easy 5 stars, but these Metal heavy hitters don't get it that easy. The album, for me sounded like a saturated, bloated version of their old releases. It was all the brutality and not enough of the atmospheric, epic sound that we have all come to love. I like breakdowns as much as the next guy, but they have made it a very predictable formula for every single song that I thought was beginning to get overused in Horizons. The last problem, and the most noticeable is that the end of the album just sucks. After coming from Horizons' long and epic farewell, Deep Blue just abruptly stops as if the power was turned of in the studio.      Don't get me wrong, this album is pure enjoyment from start to finish, but so is the next lousy action movie that gets terrible ratings.     ...One more thing for those of you that are new to Parkway Drive. The Ugly - If the F-word bothers you then reconsider buying this as it's in just about every song, but if your ok with that then buy this album. It's actually a great place to start with these guys. They seem to have gone slightly backwards in their career as I thought Killing With a Smile was their best album, but I think a lot of people would disagree with me there.
0439023513|5.0|This book blew me away.    Warning: make time to read this straight through because you can't put it down once you start.    Who do you love? Who do you trust? Who are you? Are you a fighter? Are you a killer? Are you a friend? Are you a lover? How far are you willing to go in the name of justice and peace? And once it's all over and you're still breathing, will you ever be the same again? Would you rather die on your feet than live on your knees? Welcome to another chilling round of the \\"Hunger Games.\\"    SPOILER ALERT!!!!!    This book is non-stop in action, with Katniss waking up in District 13, her beloved District 12 a charred and obliterated memory. Peeta is the hostage of the Capitol, and Gale now assumes the mantel of protector and friend of Katniss. But our intrepid heroine learns District 13 is not an ideal utopia, and everyone is trying to manipulate her for their own agendas, so no one can be trusted. The only person she's confident isn't out to get her is Finnick, who is deemed mentally unfit. Propaganda against the Capitol is being orchestrated by President Coin, leader of the rebels, and by former Gameskeeper, Plutarch. At the center of it all is Katniss who has reluctantly agreed to be the Mockingjay, to rouse and lead the rebellion to victory. Under new and ever-changing orders, Katniss begins to wonder if Coin is just a self-righteous version of Snow, ands believes her life is in danger once more. The most visceral and agonizing moments are when Katniss and Peeta are reunited, and she learns the boy she admired and loved is no more, courtesy of Snow. This propels the story into a rapid fire pace of mayhem, plotting, descending upon the Capitol and submitting to new heights of madness in the throes of loss, death, revealed secrets and devastating betrayal. But the pressing romantic question is does she choose Peeta or Gale? Or do these two men and their actions make the decision for her?    Highly recommended for ages 13 and up.
B003YBMNJI|5.0|This Album is Great and has some Great bass to it, The album has a mix of Fun songs and then some heavier songs all and all I would give this 5 Stars.    If you buy this Album you will Love it :)    hope this helps you.
0694003611|5.0|I know that this is a popular book, but I was not expecting my son to love it as much as he does. As soon as I incorporated this book into bedtime, all other books sit on the shelf. He usually has me read this story to him 3 or 4 times. And he is trying to say the words with me. Great book and it makes my almost 2 year old smile every time.
B003ES5JE2|5.0|Great Batman animated movie. All fans of DC animated movies need to see this one.
B003C1QIO6|2.0|I'm a JJ fan boy and like or love all of his music. This is however a very poorly mastered and compressed album. Not until the third song do you start to hear the texture of Jack's voice. Throw on his first album after listening to this one and you will see what I mean. Compressed and in your face with little of the emotion that is present in the previous work. This one is getting traded ... Sorry buddy !
B0027HOBM2|5.0|This is one of the best TV shows ever made. This season is as good as the first one.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Movie arrived very fast, cheap price, in great condition. Very happy! Thanks very much guys!
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|The final episode of this series touched me more than any of the others that detailed the brutal combat and excruciating hardship caused to the Marines in the Pacific Theatre. It showed how things could never be the same for a small town boy, even things he had once enjoyed. One of the most powerful scenes was Eugene going to a job fair and his anger at a girl who was obviously clueless about what he and his comrades had suffered. Nobody really knew what they had gone through and I think even today we at home are largely uncomprehending of what our men and women in the military experience in combat. This served to deepen my respect for veterans and helped me understand why my grandfather never wanted to speak of what happened.
0060558121|4.0|a wonderful exploration of the back road travels across america while traveling with 10000 yr old Gods.
B0039TD7PY|4.0|This was an unforgettable concert.  Taylor & King were personable and in great voice.  Great support from the back-up band & vocalists.  Overall a nice mix of his & her hits.  Why 4 stars instead of 5?  King's \\"Natural Woman\\" was a show stopper and \\"The Locomotion\\" was energizing and great fun.  I wish these 2 numbers had been included.
1439181780|4.0|I just finished reading \\"The Power\\" and it is indeed a great book and she elaborates greatly on the power of love.  The only thing that I would add is that she leaves out who is the source of love which is God.  So I guess to appeal to the secular world and not to sound to \\"religious\\" she just says \\"love\\" instead of \\"God\\", but anyone who believes in a higher power knows that God is Love, so what I did when I read the book everywhere where she said love, I said \\"God\\", someone else may not want to do that.  It's unfortunate that in today's society we have to use code language and synonomous words to describe the most powerful force in the universe which is God. Nevertheless, I would highly recommend reading the book, just know who is the real source of love - The Alpha and The Omega!  Thank You.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Great Set, both reg and Blu-ray.  If you have an HD TV with HDMI this is what you want.
B002VECM6S|5.0|It's pretty rare these days to come across a movie that the whole family can watch, with a good story, devoid of vulgarity and explicit sex scenes. But Blind Side is such am movie, and it's a great one too. Great job by Sandra Bullock!
0545123283|3.0|Here's my thing. I'm not going to go into a summary of what happened in this book. If you want that you can go to the other reviews on this page.<br />I was one of those people who counted down the days until Linger came out. I told everyone about it when they asked what I was doing for my summer vacation. And before you start to judge me know that I am not a lazy pre-teen who sits around and does nothing, I'm actually a Youth counselor who takes guilty pleasure in star-crossed romance. I loved Shiver with a passion, perhaps because it had such a Beauty and the Beast feel. It was so angsty and sweet. I especially adored Sam's point of view when he talked about his pack and how that made Sam, Sam. His life didn't actually revolve around Grace as in some teeny romance novels (*cough Twilight *cough). Despite his lovey dovey nonsense about wolf-stalking her, he still had other things he did that gave him personality and character. Add the fact that he was a shape-shifting wolf into the mix and you really had an interesting, enduring, Beauty and the Beast type character.<br />Now we bring in Linger, and allot of what made Sam an interesting character is gone. I understand that there had to be a \\"cure\\" to continue the story-line or Sam wouldn't have been in the picture in the first place but it was the way it was presented to the reader in Linger that sort of stabbed me in the heart. Sam became this abnormally normal guy. It was like Maggie was trying to make Sam sound so normal he was reminiscent of a Brady Bunch character. Tack on the fact that he as totally renounced all his wolf-ish ways and you've taken away allot of what made Sam interesting. There were a few times in the novel that I loved which sort of redeemed it. Some of his memories were heart-wrenching enough and his interaction with Cole was very good. But I found most of the time that Cole seemed to be the star player in this story and that disturbed me greatly. I love Cole, don't get me wrong, but I loved Sam more and with the way he just became Grace's sidekick left me cold once the story was over. I felt like I'd been forced to break-up with someone I loved very much because he wasn't making good choices in his life. The whole story seemed to revolve around Grace who I've always found an interesting character, but not one to focus on the entire story. In the end (SPOILER) it was her that got the spot light with Sam standing there looking stupid, stubbornly stomping his foot and saying that he was a \\"real boy!\\".<br />I'd have to say, out of everything that was what I hated the most. Giving another character's the main character's interesting-ness doesn't make a good book. It actually just pissed me off and that in and of itself was disappointing because I didn't want to be pissed off by this book. I wanted to love it. I wanted Sam to still be Sam despite the fact that he was \\"cured\\". I wanted the book to still be about him and his struggle with being him and a wolf. Not him sucking on Graces face and then boo-hooing in Becks house like a little girl.<br />I'm sorry Maggie, I really wanted this to be everything I expected and it just wasn't. It felt like there were so many ways you could go with this after Shiver and instead you just fell flat. I understand that you probably don't sit and wonder what you audience might actually be thinking when you write a paragraph. I understand you wrote this book for you. I had just hoped that you would have kept people like me in mind. Oh well....e and with the way he just became Grace's sidekick left me cold once the story was over. I felt like I'd been forced to break-up with someone I loved very much because he wasn't making good choices in his life. The whole story seemed to revolve around Grace who I've always found an interesting character, but not one to focus on the entire story. In the end (SPOILER) it was her that got the spot light with Sam standing there looking stupid, stubbornly stomping his foot and saying that he was a \\"real boy!\\".   I'd have to say, out of everything that was what I hated the most. Giving another character's the main character's interesting-ness doesn't make a good book. It actually just pissed me off and that in and of itself was disappointing because I didn't want to be pissed off by this book. I wanted to love it. I wanted Sam to still be Sam despite the fact that he was \\"cured\\". I wanted the book to still be about him and his struggle with being him and a wolf. Not him sucking on Graces face and then boo-hooing in Becks house like a little girl.  I'm sorry Maggie, I really wanted this to be everything I expected and it just wasn't. It felt like there were so many ways you could go with this after Shiver and instead you just fell flat. I understand that you probably don't sit and wonder what you audience might actually be thinking when you write a paragraph. I understand you wrote this book for you. I had just hoped that you would have kept people like me in mind. Oh well....
0060090367|2.0|I'll just ditto much of what the other 1 and 2 star reviewers have said, as I don't want to spend any more time on this book than I already have. This is my third Marian Keyes book and will be my last. I keep hoping for more but, I see they are all rambling, go-nowhere stories. I almost gave up on it but, plugged along and managed to finish.
B003L77TZI|5.0|Katy certainly took her time releasing her second full length album after milking One of The Boys.  I got Teenage Dreams at its release, and played it through once, then again.  This album is defintely growing on me, and you can immediately hear the top 40 hits that will be nade off this album.  The packaging is nice, and smells like cotton candy.  An all around marketing achievement.  I could do without the F bombs, but hey, those will not make it to terrestrial radio anyway.  I say give this album a chance, its lite on the lyrics, but catchy as hell.  Good Job Katy!
B000HC2LI0|4.0|Had to have the complete West Wing Collection because I loved the show.  When it arrived I was pleased to find it came in a cute faux file case.
B00008BXJF|5.0|finally a kc album that sounds, well like kc. has all the influences of all previous incantations. some cuts could be from the david cross kc group, dangerous curves sounds like it came from in the wake album.others from thrak.happy could easily come from the fripp,belew,levin bruford group of albums    buy it enjoy it great stuff here
1433515164|5.0|The quality of this Bible is outstanding! The leather is gorgeous, the print, layout, colors are superb.The maps are extremely useful and all the information is correlated and relevant to the section you are reading. And the best of all are the study notes! this is one of the most solid Study Bibles I own. I absolutely love it to prepare sermons and Bible studies.   This Bible comes with free access to the online version which is pretty much a Bible online.  If you are serious about your teaching or your own personal study of the Bible this is the one to get.Once you start reading it you won't even think about using any other version or any other study Bible.
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|I was disappointed. This book didn't go where the other two books in the series led you to believe it would. I was left perplexed, drained, and unsatisfied. My biggest motivation for finishing the last third of the book was the hope that it would dig itseff out of the hole it seemed stuck in. Unfortunately, that didn't happen. Katniss never came into her own, the end of the war was anti-climatic, and the love triangle was just sad. Too bad we can't have a do-over on this book.....
B0034G4OWM|1.0|I was excited to see this movie I got in the theater snd right from the beging it was just animals hurting him of corse your 3 to mabey 9 or 10 would like this movie but young teen I do not recomend seeing this movie.  I did walk out of the theater.
0439023513|4.0|Suzanne Collins has done it again, entwining the deepest and darkest feels of life into our every day, if not more so, modern world. There are very few words that can describe the heavy heart I left with as I flipped that final black page. A stinging pain of loss, and yet the small hope of a rejuvenating world safely tucked between a hardbound cover.    Very quick paced, if not one of the most precise and developed plots I've ever read. Page 1 picks right up from District 12's ruins, and whisks Katniss Everdeen away into a foreign civilization. District 13. Comprised of it's own laws and structured leadership, we soon learn that mental trauma, paranoia, pain, and psychological dramatization are nothing shy of common colds. For our seemingly fearless Mockingjay leader, it's just too much. Collins illustrates the most violent of deaths, being consumed by mutants, and describes the Capitol's unhinging torture vividly. One by one, people of the rebellious cause die. It's the Hunger Games on a mass-effective scale. The creators are now players, and perhaps Katniss discovers that, though she is the face of revolution, she's nothing more than an expendable puppet; as she's always been.     As a reader, I feel that a part of me was pulled into the rebellion, along with Katniss. We start off knowing nothing of the Capitol, and one by one the truths and treachery are exposed. Katniss Everdeen has payed the ultimate price for this rebellion, as the book's synopsis hints, and I could feel myself \\"dying\\" with each character that died. In a way, I felt myself experiencing Katniss's distress as Collins's words spin such a painful void into the reader's heart, as we struggle through Katniss's suicidal contemplation Nothing, for her is more painful than being physically alive, but emotionally empty. We see new faces of characters, one particularly being Finnick Odair of District 4. The Capitol's favorite victor and drop-dead gorgeous heartthrob. He always seemed so strong, so capable and clearheaded, and yet in this book he's completely unwounded and slipping into his own state of emptiness. He does go about, though, striking a few provocative poses to lighten the atmosphere, and his wedding to Annie Cresta, is nothing but warming in this world where so few things bring comfort.    However, I felt that this book lacked an \\"Ultimate Climax\\" of sorts. From beginning to end it was jam-packed with technical and military-related events that it left very little time for all the information to sink in. Although Collins depicts each setting down to the atmosphere, I felt it was hard to fully keep up with all location changes and explosive destruction. Right when you start getting comfortable with one setting, it blows up. They're constantly on the move and so many new faces and so many new locations pop up, it's almost impossible to keep a clear tab on where they are, exactly.    Katniss ends up with Peeta. Surprise? I think not. It's been fairly predictable, and although I have to admit I was leaning more towards Gale, I could not picture Collins forsaking every girl's favorite bread boy. There has been very little room for romance in this speed-rap of a novel, but towards the last few pages Katniss's satisfying choice concluded the trilogy. I'd have to say Finnick and Annie have been this story's highlighted relationship. It depicts starcrossed lovers, in it's own way. The mad girl from District 4, and the most gorgeous man who loves her unconditionally. Warm, fuzzy, but like everything else, filled with loss and pain.    In the end, I'd give this spectacular conclusion a 4/5. A bit too fast paced for my taste, although some readers might disagree because it's the amazing speed that keeps them hooked. This conclusion was not as romantically-oriented, although I did love the bit where Gale and Peeta had their little \\"man to man\\" talk in Tigris's basement as to who Katniss would choose. I find it insane however, that this spectacular political rebellion of a story, could sprout from one single event that triggered it all. The berries. Unforgettable, inspirational, and yet and masked in coats of pain, there could not have been a more appropriate way to end the story of The Girl on Fire.
B002N5N5M0|1.0|The entire Dexter series is truly a unique story line and captivating all the way through.  My only problem is with disc 4 of the fourth season.  There seems to be a manufacturing defect on just this one disc.  It does not load, so consequently it does not play.  At first I thought it was a problem with the set I purchased from Amazon, so I ordered it from Netflix and that one did not load/play.  I ordered a replacement from Netflix and sure enough that one also did not load/play.  So after attempting three discs I must conclude this is a manufacturing defect which needs correcting.  Needless to say I would love to discover how the seasons ends...but alas I cannot (I do not subscribe to premium cable channels).  This item received one star due to the problem with the fourth disc...otherwise it would have received five stars.  When this problem is rectified would someone kindly let me know so I can re-purchase this item.
B000NQF3O4|5.0|Book showed up in great condition and I got it much sooner than expected.  Very fast shipping.
B001PPLIEG|1.0|They were so concerned throughout the film of making the point that Bond was damaged goods.. that he was broken.. that he was sad.  They used every bit of symbolism they could think of.  [Fun game, try to count how many times you see broken glass.]  Enough already.  This movie lacks the writing, the wit, and the intelligence of the past Bond greats.  After a promising reboot of the franchise with Casino Royal, this movie falls flat on so many levels.  Skip the martini and start doing shots before watching.
4789009637|3.0|My University will be using this textbook for the Japanese 1 class. To get a heads start, I purchased this book, accessed many online resources (i.e. Smart.FM), and utilized another book called: 'Hakwon kal shigani upnun bun weehan: dokhak chutkul eum (For those who don't have time to go to class: Japanese, first step) published in korea.    I titled this review as \\"It's okay, but supplementary\\" because I wouldn't learn the Japanese language using ONLY this book. It doesn't cover everything, and often, it does very vaguely. For example: it goes over Katakana and Hiragana pretty fast and doesn't elaborate on the use of  and its various pronunciations; nor does it include stroke order for any of the Kana or Kanji within the book. You are required to use other sources to nail down these important concepts.    As a learner who speaks both English and Korean fluently, I find the previously mentioned book (from Korean<->Japanese) much more elaborate and concise when explaining grammar.    This book is an excellent supplement to learning the Japanese language. I recommend utilizing online resources!    [...]
0307266303|5.0|I've been pestering my wife to read this book for the last three weeks.  She used to run--it's how we met.  Now in her mid-40's, she often acts as if there is no turning back from her ever quickening journey to old age.  Though I deal with some of the same issues she complains about, I've always suspected that persistent physical activity is the key to a longer, more joyous, and healthier life.  I was convinced of that before, but this wonderful book solidly backs that notion with easily digestible, incontrovertible scientific data.    But even putting the science aside, Christopher McDougall's Born To Run touches on so many other interesting topics, tells so many compelling stories, and explores so many brush-covered, fascinating paths with a touch of humor, that even non-runners, skeptics, and sedentary intellectuals would like it--if they gave it a chance.  For me, this book is reminiscent of Robert Pirsig's \\"Zen And The Art Of Motorcycle Maintenance\\" in the way it weaves so many topics into the main narrative: semi-biographical accounts of the many quirky secondary characters, supporting stories, training advice, philosophy, drama, suspense, Mexican drug wars, human evolution, nutrition and culinary advice, and anthropology, among others.    Having been born in Mxico, I knew about the Tarahumara indians and their legendary running prowess, ate Pinole and drank lemonade with chia as a kid, and grew up speaking Spanish as my main language.  All of that (I believe) qualifies me in giving McDougall an A+ in his portrayal of the character of the indians, the flavor of pinole and chia, and his commendable dominion of the Spanish language.  However, as some reviewers here have pointed out (and as seems to be customary amongst American Liberals) his glorification of the Tarahumara society, lifestyle, and culture is over the top.  The Liberal narrative seems to go this way:    Americans: bad, fat, and greedy.  Tarahumara Indians (or any other culture, for that matter):enlightened, superior culturally and socially, an example for us to follow.    I will not dispute the fact that the Tarahumaras portrayed in this book seem to have enviable characters that seem to coincide with (and perhaps engender or enhance) their super-human endurance; however, to imply that their lifestyle is invariably virtuous and that they only have good in their hearts (as opposed to us evil Americans) is, in the words of another reviewer here, hyperbole (at best).    Having said that, this is still a remarkable achievement.  A book for the ages.  Born To Run answers, once and for all, why long distance running is such a popular mass-participation sport.  Furthermore, McDougall's narrative excells in motivating runners, and it may (perhaps) convince a few open-minded sedentary people to give the sport a try.  After all: we were born to run.
030726999X|5.0|Great end to the three stories. The author sheds more light on some of the events that transpired in the first two books. I hated that the book ended. Actually slowed down to prolong the pleasure. Wish there were more coming.
B003E6K1VK|2.0|I bought this device a couple of weeks ago , I'm an Ipod & Iphone user , It didn't  add much sound quality , Maybe some more Bass but thats it , I used it with Many headphones , Bose QC3 , Shure SRH 840 , Westone 3 , It works best with the Sure SRH 840 since these headphones lacks for bass , Anyway I expected more for this kind of money , But it's OK with PC and this was not the main purpose I bought it for ,
0439023513|5.0|\\"Real or not real?\\" that seems to be the haunting question the characters are forced to struggle with throughout this novel.  I can't believe this series is over.  I'm having all those feelings of reader withdrawal right about now.  (But I think that's a good thing.  I felt the same way after the 7th Harry Potter too.)  Of course, Suzanne Collins delivers once again.  This 3rd book was well written, not lacking in the suspense and shock value, and impossible to put down.<br /><br />Mockingjay won't make sense without reading Hunger Games and Catching Fire first.  And you might also need a little refresher course even if you've already read them.  It's been several months since I did and I was a bit lost on some of the names.<br /><br />As book 3 starts we find Katniss more broken than ever.  Peeta's been captured by the Capitol, Gale is at her side, but still she is torn between the two boys who love her.  This isn't a game anymore--it never was--and Katniss is now expected to step up and be the symbol of the President Cain's (of district 13) rebellion as the war has fully begun.<br /><br />This book isn't for the faint of heart.  People die, get tortured, and it is gruesome in other ways I never saw coming. Many of the elements of this novel are bittersweet.  I cried.  I laughed.  I want to kick something for the hole in my stomach that still lingers.  Anticlimactic is the appropriate word.  But still even in all the pain, love and hope emerge.<br /><br />It ended how it should have, but not without the price.  Real.  Very real.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|Shipping was extremely fast arriving on the first day of the estimation.  The headphones work amazing!
B002NXSRX4|5.0|I ordered this on a saturday recieved it on tuesday! 2 day shipping was impressive! everything was in perfect order!
B003GEDLW6|5.0|This album is what music was meant to be. My car has 2 12-inch subwoofers, so obviously it sounds best in there... like you r on a roller-coaster or something. I've never tried drugs or alcohol, but this is one of the few albums that makes me feel high! I can't help but LOL cuz it is soooo good... much like Jamiroquai's High Times Singles album!!<br /><br />I've listened to this album for few weeks now, and I really think it is even a little bit better than Pendulum's previous albums! I love those guys!!!
B000U1ZVD0|1.0|I BOUGHT IT FOR MY BLUE RAY UPDATED THE SOFTWARE AS THE INSERT SUGGESTED AND IT STILL IS NOT RECOGNIZING THE DISC...IT SUCKED...BECAUSE IT WAS A GIFT FOR MY GIRLFRIEND...=0(
B001G549C8|1.0|I had really been looking forward to watching this movie. I had read the book and I had bought the modern tv version starring Rupert Penrys-Jones (which was great). I would not recommend the Robert Donat version of the movie. For at least 35 percent of the movie, the sound is totally out of sync with the lip movements of the actors. I found I couldn't look at the screen because it was too distracting. I was very disappointed.
B002RWKSII|4.0|I respect those criticising Brian's voice - because we all know they are right. HOWEVER - those purchasing Brian albums such as this or going to see him in concert already know that. Fans who make such album purchases are more about revelling in Brian's musical wonder, and those trademark harmonies that his amazing band sings to us under his direction - and in this case, his interpretation of music he loves. Fans who go to his concerts dont expect to hear Brian's voice circa 1965 - they go to see Brian Wilson live simply because THEY CAN and cannot believe that they get to!! It is a modern miracle that we can go and see Brian Wilson on stage and his brilliant backing group more than makes up for his own vocal failings these days. So yes, Brian may not be vocally a start performer - but that isnt the point to those who love him. After all, if you dont like it yourself then do what you have every right to do - dont buy it or dont go see him. For me though, its a case of \\"keep on going Brian\\", for I am thrilled that you are actually able to still put out albums and tour - Ive seen you 4 times now and in November you are coming to Melbourne, Australia again and I cant wait. I dont expect you to sing like an angel like you used to be able to - I just want to marvel in the fact that I actually get to see you in concert(again)and hear your wonderful music, which is something I never thought I would see...and get to see again...and again...and again!
0307454541|2.0|I did not like this book.  There are about 40 characters in it, that are very hard to keep straight, if not impossible.  I did not like the main characters.  There is nothing to learn from in this book, it is an empty, confusing story that did not keep my interest.
0321334876|5.0|Almost every C++ colleagues at work recommended me this book. This is an intermediate book that will help you to understand the pitfalls of C++. After I finished reading this book, I bought more Effective and Effective STL. Get the trilogy and your C++ skills will increase exponentially.
0307387178|4.0|The book is as advertised.  The only problem was how long it took to get here.
B003JTHESA|3.0|Iron Maiden has made its mark on the heavy metal map. With so many amazing albums, singles and concert tours a band like Maiden is a true force to be reckoned with. When Maiden made it's monster reunion with Dickenson and Smith Eddie rose to new heights heading into the new millennium and now we stand at a cross roads with their newest release.<br /><br />`Final Frontier' stands on its own next to what I like to call the Steel Trilogy. It consists of the last 3 studio releases. This trilogy was a monster achievement for them. Their sound took a new direction and the songs got very intertwined in incredible stories in each installment. The sound was also a much more complex sound and more mature sound that Maiden had not given us before. Now it is really hard to tell what Final Frontier is. For me it took me a few listens but yet, as much as I love this band I found this new release to be like a sandwich with not enough meat in it. The first song and last song are amazing. They reminded me of `Brave New World' a great deal with the flowing guitar and Dickenson's amazing vocals. The rest of the songs unfortunately didn't grab me as much. Songs like El Dorado and Starblind are great. They are fast paced and bring back that old Powerslave/Somewhere In Time feel. But then you look at songs like Mother of Mercy & The Alchemist and they are just not a enjoyable. However this album is not a horrible one. Final Frontier is a great listen and there is definitely some new progressive elements all through out. There are some parts of songs especially the first one that have a very Dream Theater/Rush vibe, almost 2112ish with a bit of thrash mixed in. As far as I can tell, like the title of this record, Iron Maiden is trying to expore music styles they have yet to work with and with a little practice they can polish it up and take it to the next level.<br /><br />What Iron Maiden has right now is potential to become bigger than ever before. After being as huge as they have been all this time, they are still exploring new heights and while there are so many music acts out there that look as though they should throw in the towel, Maiden is still holding on to the mentality to keep pushing forward.they are still exploring new heights and while there are so many music acts out there that look as though they should throw in the towel, Maiden is still holding on to the mentality to keep pushing forward.
1932100660|5.0|This book is a must read for the information about the relationship of the food we consume to the diseases that are so prevalent in our society. Everything is well documented and written in a style for the lay-person to understand. I found it life-changing as I have completely revamped my whole way of eating.
B00064AM6C|5.0|An amazing concert put on by The White Stripes coming off their release of their fourth album Elephant. A must own for all White Stripes fans!
B00009W0U4|1.0|I ignored the 1 star reviews at my peril, but they were right, this film has nothing to commend it. What a waste.
B003XQHF60|5.0|This is supposed to be the story of how Robin Hood became Robin Hood--and it does a great job. The scenery, costuming and cinematography are excellent.   The movie is serious and fun at the same time.    The English yeoman was what we would call our middle class, someone who earns his own way and is neither rich nor poor.   And it is from this that Britons in America developed the classless, personally responsible, open opportunity society.    This Robin is not a \\"prince of theives,\\" but an executor of justice and a leader for the rights of free English men.        Russell Crowe, regardless of how temperamental a person he may be, is a great actor and very convincing in his role.   We're glad Cate Blanchett managed to put her eco-freakism aside long enough to wash her hair so that Robin could stand to kiss her.       We need a few Robin Hood's these days, doing as he did---taking back what the people worked for from the narcissistic dictator.
B0019X3ZZY|1.0|This is a communist/ left wing propaganda effort to portray WW II era Italian Fascists as degraded beasts that are not interested in sex with girls -- because they are shown as entirely fixated on male behinds and their byproducts. It must be an indication that Communists have that same fixation in secret, as supported by the fact that their economic ideas always produce those same byproducts. The majority of the film is people eating those byproducts, with spoons or off the floor, either forcibly or voluntarily, showing them smeared with it all over their bodies. I cannot conceive of anything less erotic, making the cover art misleading because the woman shown is not adorned with the object of their affection. This film could be productively used in highschools to depress teenagers sex drives and also their consumption of chocolate. I can think of no group that would find this film actually appealing -- outside of fellow travelers of those who created it.
B001CB4SRW|1.0|This item states that it is a surge and surge nylon sheath. Not so....it is only the case, and no actual tool.   It seems like a sneaky way of misleading someone to buy it, and it's not even worth returning it because there's a 15% restocking fee + I have to pay the return shipping.
0439023513|3.0|Just my opinion......... I feel it hovers around a 3.5 review.<br /><br />Warning may have some SPOILER tidbits....<br /><br />PArt of the problem may be how much I anticipated this book.  I hate having such high expectations for a book sometimes.<br /><br />There was something that felt more superficial about this book comapared to the other 2.  Not all through the book mind you, but enough to be a bit disappointing, after the greatness of the first 2.<br /><br />I just read a review by  Ilana here on Amazon and think she nailed a lot of things that I could not quite put my finger on that felt \\"off\\".<br />Boiling down to the lack of growth, maturity, or leadership you would normally expect in a lead heroine type charater in the final book.<br />In fact there seemes to be so much wasted time in this book her waiting around for other people to decide what to do..<br />The few times she did take charge the book shined, but they were too infrequent IMO.<br />There was still a compelling story woven in this text with great characters old and new, but it did lack a certain spark and energy that drove the first 2 books.<br />I also think that all the main characters suffered some sort of detachment and were not as enduring, likeable or connectable.<br />We all knew where this book was going it was more a matter of how we were getting there.<br />I think Peeta's story was a great twist, but did not like how Gale's character and interactions were written.<br />Gale was not the same to me, he became more one demensional and cliched :(..<br />The constantly filming everything for a \\"show\\" and footage got old and was overused, especially at the end.<br />I think the ending of this book was too anti-climatic and felt a bit flat.<br />SO much so that it did not, IMO, Validate killing off so many Likeble characters.<br />I honestly spent pages hoping that there was a some sort of head injury hallucination going on and this really wasn't how it was ending...After feeling like I was JUST getting into the climax.<br />I can not say I hate it the ending, I can see it having an appeal enjoy.  It just felt SOOOO  flat to me.<br />I am also left feeling that this great heroine that was built up for 2 great stunning books ended up a broken soul much like Haymitch, and I do not like that :(.<br />I feel she settled and was tamed, and that was not who we met in book one., I can see it having an appeal enjoy.  It just felt SOOOO  flat to me.  I am also left feeling that this great heroine that was built up for 2 great stunning books ended up a broken soul much like Haymitch, and I do not like that :(.  I feel she settled and was tamed, and that was not who we met in book one.
B002WTC92E|2.0|After reading both \\"The Devil Wears Prada\\" and \\"Everyone Worth Knowing,\\" I had high hopes for this title, but it was a complete disappointment. I thought this might make a good beach read, but it didn't offer enough solid content to make it even worthwhile for mindless reading.     Leigh, Adriane and Emmy are at a crossroads and none of them are happy in their relationships. Emmy, a restaurant executive, gets unceremoniously dumped by her boyfriend who hops off in hot pursuit of a younger women; Leigh, an editor, becomes so stifled by her engagement, she has a completely unbelievable affair with one of her writers; and, Adriana, a girl about town toys with the idea of settling down, before she too begins to feel stifled by monogamy.     The thing that bothers me most about this book is how it jumps around, leaving out big chunks of time. The book will skip weeks and months ahead, leaving the reader to wonder what really is going on, and why the story has so many holes. This is definitely not one of Weisberger's best, and I have to wonder if all of my favorite chic-lit writers (i.e. Jane Green, Madeleine Wickham) are simply getting too tired of churning out best-sellers to really focus on the content and do what it takes to craft an interesting story?    I certainly hope that more time and effort went into Last Night at the Chateau Marmont, but I am truly hesitant to spend time reading it, if it turns out to be the same disappointing writing.
068484267X|5.0|Written with verve and plenty of style, plus inundated with a lot of dark humour. This is a modern Dickens-like autobiography of poverty first in New York and then in Ireland. This is no sociological study and there is little self-pathos - thankfully. Much of their poverty would have been alleviated if their father was not drowning in pubs.  If there is anyone despicable in this story it is Frank's father - a man who father's children with no moral rectitude for their upbringing. But the remainder of the family battle onward and not necessarily upward - at the end the author is back in New York with a new life to begin.<br /><br />All the characters are colourfully depicted. The poverty, more so at the beginning, is rather unrelenting. When the author enters school his world begins to diversify. Some of the anecdotes (particularly the sexual ones) do seem apocryphal.<br /><br /> In Ireland, as one character narrates, the Irish dancing style is akin to having a `pole up your arse'. This restrictive dancing becomes a metaphor for the country which is plagued by tribalism and Catholic indoctrination. Fortunately the author sees beyond this limited horizon and we have a magnificent story.
B000006YCU|4.0|dream theater's first album,with orignal singer charlie dominici. to keep this short,its not there best,its not bad though. all the elements are there, but the band made the right desision to change singers and bring in james la brie, if you are a fan as i am you need this one. im the type that must have all the recordings of my favorite bands to compleat my collections.
B003L77TZI|4.0|Good music dull last song (Track 12). Explicit due to circle the drain swearing? STUPID!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|A great series, too bad it only lasted one season!  Would have really liked to see the characters develop more.  I watched the movie Serenity a second time only after I had seen the series....it was so much better!
B000V6BE6M|5.0|A magnificent recording!  Includes a DVD Audio disc with the entire soundtrack in 48KHz, 24 bit, 5.1 multi channel surround sound (2 channel stereo is available).  I've owned this one for a while and just purchased the other two (The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers).  All of these \\"complete recordings\\" are thrilling!    Marcus
0316044938|5.0|Though it is  a sad topic the story is in a strange way very uplifting. Definite must read.
B000BNI90O|5.0|I've purchased all three \\"complete recordings\\" (The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers and The Return of the King).  If you are fortunate to have a DVD Audio player and a surround sound system, you are in for a treat!  Each \\"complete recordings\\" package contains a DVD Audio disc.  The full multi-CD soundtrack is on the DVD Audio disc.  It is encoded in 48KHz, 24bit, 5.1 channel surround sound (2 channel stereo is also available).  This is the way soundtracks should be heard as they were designed to compliment the movie in surround sound format.  The disc is well engineered, the sound superb, and of course the score is masterful.  It is well worth the cost.    Marcus
1554072840|4.0|I bought this book and \\"The Potty Book for Girls\\" for my daughter. I started reading them to her before I was getting ready to potty train. I think it got her comfortable with the idea because once I tried to potty train, she picked it up very quickly. I've continued to read to the book to her for reinforcement and I think it helps her.  Personally, I think she likes the \\"The Potty Book\\" better because she seems to ask for it more. I would have to agree that the author/illustrators choices of illlustrations is bit odd. My daughter is very inquisitive and will continue to ask me over and over where are we going, what happened?, what is that?  You can bet that the old fashioned bed pan which the author/illustrator used to depict a potty elicited a good line of questioning. Sure, I told her it was a potty and eventually she satisfied herself with that answer, but truthfully, it's a bit bizarre that the author/illustrator would choose to depict a potty with something that really looks nothing like a potty which most toddlers are being taught to sit on these days. It's just funny because it asks if it's a vase for flowers or milk bowl for the cat, and quite frankly, it looks more like a vase or milk bowl than potty. As far the other reviewers that say \\"no big deal,\\" it's not that my daughter was incapable of accepting that it was a potty. I just question why the author/illustrator would illustrate a potty with a chamber when I seriously doubt that anyone used a chamberpot for a potty these days. I think it's a good book with a cute title, but the whole \\"I, Prudence's mother\\" and the two pages devoted to bringing a clean diaper, to change the dirty diaper, to take away the dirty diaper, is a little drawn out for me, particuarly because this is a book about potty training not the process to change dirty diapers.  Like I said, it's a potty book, and it does the job.
0545123283|3.0|I LOVED Shiver, the first book it this series.  I couldn't wait for the next book to be released.  I felt the storyline, even though it was about wolves, was very original.  I loved the relationship between the main characters.  That being said, this book kinda let me down.  I don't want to write any spoiler though.  Lets just say that the way the book progresses and ends is a l little disappointing to me.  It really felt like this book was just a filler so the author could get a three book deal.  I hate to say things like that but it felt that way to me when I read it.  When the set up for book three happened I just groaned inside.  Sometimes I feel things should be wrapped up in one book, two at the most.  That being said...while the first book is still on my bookshelf where it will be for years to come, this one was listed on ebay the day I finished it.
B003EYVXYQ|4.0|Survival of the Dead finds legendary zombie auteur George Romero following up Diary of the Dead with a more conventional zombie thriller, and we should all be thankful for that.  Alan Van Sprang, who appeared as a mercenary soldier in Diary of the Dead, reprises his role here as he and his crew set course for a secluded island in the middle of the undead epidemic.  Upon their arrival, they are thrust into the middle of a years long feud between the bickering O'Flynn and Muldoon families, while the undead continue to wreak havoc.  As disappointing as Diary of the Dead was, Survival of the Dead is thankfully an improvement, particularly in the acting, makeup, and gore effect departments.  The CGI-rendered effects are hardly anything to write home about, but that doesn't negate from the fact that Survival of the Dead is a fun ride throughout.  Even though by the time the film wraps up, it appears that Romero may be taking his zombies in a different direction compared to what he's done with them before, and here's hoping that the man has some more tricks up his sleeve.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|NO SPOILERS... because this trilogy is too good for that. Just an excellently imagined and immaculately presented series. These books are mature and unflinchingly violent, yet as a testament to Collins skill, ring hopeful and true. In my lifetime of reading there are only few characters that felt truly alive after the book was done. In second grade it was Nancy Drew. As an adult I consume books, enjoy certain characters, but rarely am I so impressed that I care beyond their specific story.  The characters of the Hunger Games felt big enough to take three books to tell their story. They breathed and bled and loved and loss and I laughed and I cried too. But, most importantly, these books captured something so hard to reach in the adult in me... I cared what happened next. I wanted to like this book because I cared how Collins ended my time with these specific characters that she had created. I had high expectations and Collins did not disappoint. I heartily recommend this book and this series.
B002ZG999U|4.0|Singapore theatres are now screening this film and I have view this film at one of the theatre. There are a lot and also intense actions in this movies as one of the scene is the plane fly past the ferry port with tons of blast on the walkway of the port and also there are scene where the knife is twiated and pull out and the other is the use of knife to kill and there are some where using a machine gun to sweep the bad guys when the head is blown off.....very very nice actions so far and the story based is bacially about removing the bad army soldiers where there is a bad guy head in charge of catching one woman blah blah blah.....this film is regarded is one of good title of film. I rated this as a four star.......a recommended purchase for those whom are fans of this DVDfilm/movies when this title is made available for purchasing.    N/B: This film also include actors like Jet Li and even Arnold Schwarzenegger. Dark Age of action fun......      [[ASIN:B003SLN66S The Expendables Poster D 27x40 Jason Statham Mickey Rourke Arnold Schwarzenegger]]      Review by:      Dr, MR Franc MBBS (PhD) GPS Ang Poon Kah  Director Ron Howard - Ang Poon Kah for film Da Vinci Code/ Angels and Demons  Assistant FED chief (Internationale) to Bernarke.
159668139X|5.0|I've purchased this book years ago when i bought a loom.  It helped to simplify the often scary project of calculating, warping, and weaving a project.  Recently, I pulled it out again when my daughter wanted to learn to weave a blanket for her nephew.  What a pleasure to have a book make re-learning all those how-to's so easy.  Don't let the calculations and descriptions of warping discourage you.  Just follow Ms. Chandler's clear instructions and you'll be snuggling up with that project before you know it!
0156027321|5.0|Yann Martel's Life of Pi is one of my favorite books. It is the story of Pi Patel, the 16 year old son of an Indian zookeeper who spends his adolescence observing animal behavior and experimenting with various religions. But a shipwreck leaves him stranded in a life boat with a hyena, an orangutan, a wounded zebra and a Bengal tiger. Soon only Pi and the tiger are left, and Pi must use everything he knows about working with animals and maintaining his faith to survive. It's a gripping tale, humorous and heart-stopping in turn, and although it drags a bit in the middle, it redeems itself with a sixth-sense style ending.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|Lost is awesome.  Everyone knows that.  But this is about the box set.  Not the series.  The box set is a must own if you're a Lost fan and want everything.  All 117 episodes on 36 disks.  Plus over 32 hours of bonus stuff.  All in awesome quality Blu-Ray HD.  What more could you want?  But there is more.  You get a nice book with a description of every episode in the series.  A replica of the Senet game played by Jacob and The Man in Black.  Complete with white and black stones.  The cover of the set holds a map of the Island on the reverse.  An Ankh with a secret message in it.  A black light pen light to help you \\"see\\" some extra writings around the whole set.  And a note from the Black Rock.  Oh yea, if you can find it.  There is another disk in the set.  It has no title and is not in the description of the packaging or on the website.  What does it contain?  You'll just have to get this to find out.  Ask me if you can't find it.  I may help you.
B0001MLMKY|3.0|Mine lasted about 3 or 4 years before it died with no hope of resurrecting. When it happened I was dissapointed at swatch. I'm pretty sure a Casio would last much more. However, I realized it is a $40 watch, there's not a whole lot to expect from it. It was practical while it lasted so I would recommend it if you want something simple, cheap, classic and light. Just don't expect it too last 10 years or may be I just got \\"lucky\\" with mine.
B003L77TZI|5.0|I think this album is slightly different from her last. It starts of with catchy songs but halfway through the album the music slows down and it becomes very mature. Her voice on this album has gotten better. I saw her live on letterman and she sounds great!  So what if some songs don't have meaning. They are catchy and fun to sing to.
B000LXXS46|5.0|I recently played my old vinyl copy of this album and I had forgotten just how good this one is. Bowie was surely one of the most versatile entertainers of the 70s[or any era for that matter.] Here he's into some thick and moody soul and he really shines. My least favorite tracks on this album are the \\"hits\\": \\"Young Americans\\" and \\"Fame.\\" My favorites are \\"Fascination\\" and \\"Somebody up there like me.\\" They sizzle with Philly soul goodness! The cover of the Beatle's \\"Across the Universe\\" is great as well. If you like Bowie, soul or funk then get this one. It's a must for your collection!
0812973992|4.0|The book promises more than it delivers.  The writing excels, the means of organizing the novel is interesting, but implementation suffers.  Nevertheless, in this book we meet a major talent.  The author's Irish origins promise much in terms of future projects he may undertake.      His mother dies at Dublin Bay, Sandymount when he, Ciaran Corrigan is nineteen and his brother John is seventeen.  The father, English accented, puts in an appearance.  The house is sold, the father getting half of the proceeds.  In NYC John calls Ciaran his very serious brother.  By the time Ciaran travels to New York their father, a physicist has died whilst teaching in a university classroom.  John has to miss the funeral.  John Corrigan lives in the south Bronx.     In another portion of the novel, Joshua's mother, Claire Soderberg, has a support group.  One of the women, Marcia, the mother of Mike Jr. sees a tightrope walker at the World trade Center.  The other women in the group are Gloria, Janet, and Jacqueline and their deceased boys are Clarence, Pete, and Brandon.     Blaine and Lara, continuing the novel from another geographical and social point, are in a 1927 Pontiac using coke.  There is a hit and run involving the couple's vehicle and John Corrigan, his van and his passenger.  The accident takes place on the day of Nixon's resignation, (and the feat of Phillipe Petit's wire walk), 8/7/74.  Subsequently plot lines enmesh some of the characters in the story.  In graphic terms, the novel's design is a pinwheel.
0061714372|5.0|Dave Mustaine is a great many things.  He's one of the founders of Metallica, the entire life force behind Megadeth, the subject of extreme internet bashing....but he's also just a man.  If you have followed Dave as a loyal fan, you probably know a lot of the stories contained in the pages.  This isn't to say the book doesn't offer anything new (it certainly does), but it's simply an indication that Dave has never had anything to hide.  He is as loyal to his fans as they are to him, and that is a rarity.  This is a man that hasn't fallen from grace and risen back...this is a man that has a made a life out of doing so, and you can't help but admire the strength and courage he possesses.  I highly recommend this title, even if you aren't a fan of his music, you'll still be rooting for him after just a few pages.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|What a disappointment!! The first two were filled with hope with a wonderful, strong main character in Katniss. This book is depressing and tragic. It's such a completely different turn from the first two I feel lied to. This book is a tragedy so if you like them - then enjoy. If you aren't prepared for a constantly depressing, tragic book then don't waste your money. What a grand disappointment. I'll think twice and will read all negative reviews for any other books that Suzanne Collins has written or writes as I don't trust her as an author.
0545101425|2.0|The third installment didn't have the same magic as the first two. The plot was slow and frustrating and the characters seemed like shadows of themselves. It is still an important read to conclude Katniss' story, but it is just not the same caliber.
031286504X|5.0|You'll recognize the ideas put forth in the stories in this book because Richard Matheson is one of the most copied authors of his time.  Many horror/thriller/spooky movies & TV episodes have borrowed his creepy ideas.  I Am Legend is very good, better than the 3 or 4 movies based on it in my opinion.  Just remember, half the book is I Am Legend, half the book is weird short stories, and there's basically no transition between the two, so if you're not looking for it it can be confusing : )
B0013527I4|5.0|This is a wonderful purchase. Season three just keeps things rolling on The Muppets. The characters are developing so well,not to mention the show as a whole. You will definitely notice new camera angles and parts of the theater you have not yet seen. The guests are as top notch stars as you could get in those days. I have truly enjoyed watching these first three seasons as an adult and I am amazed at how much I can remember. This is still one of my favorite programs. Oh yeah, my kids like it too!Its a good thing you can't wear out a DVD! I cannot wait for season four!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I owned the entire series on DVD prior to the release of season 6 but when I had heard that an entire box set would be released on Bluray I sold my DVD versions and bought a Bluray player and anxiously awaited the box set to be released. I went down to the store today and managed to pluck the last Bluray boxed set from  our local Best Buy. The packaging is very cool with some neat little trinkets. Of course the first thing I did was pop in the last disc so that I could check out the 11 minutes of extra footage which was pretty cool and answered a few more questions. The quality of the Bluray compared to the DVD versions is noticeable and I am very glad I converted. Colors are much brighter, sharper images, the sound is amazing. Price was a little steep but I sold some stuff over the past few months in order to be able to get this set so to me it was well worth it.
0143036742|4.0|Nominated for the Man Booker Prize, this remarkable first novel concerns the daughters of Nikolai Mayevskyj, an elderly Ukrainian immigrant living in England. Nadezhda and her older sister Vera are not on speaking terms, but the impending marriage of their recently widowed father to a thirty -six year old Ukrainian bimbo brings them together.  When not mooning over his sweetheart, Nikolai is writing a history of the tractor, pining for an Ukraina that he left sixty years ago, and arguing politics with left leaning Nadezhda.  The bimbo is unsurprisingly awful and has the tenaciousness of the desperate. Disengaging her from their father is not as easy as the girls anticipated, and their frantic efforts take on a decidedly comedic tone. In between acts of burglary and writing anonymous letters to the Home Office, Nadezhda and Vera develop a wary partnership which leads some surprising revelations about the family's experiences during the Second World War.   This is a truly original story, poignant and funny, of the immigrant experience, sibling rivalry, and the elusiveness of family memories.
0439023513|5.0|At the risk of sounding ridiculously pretentious, I'm going to go out on a limb and claim this book as the most important work of fiction to be written in the last decade. Hang on a second and hear me out. These novels address to a more complete extent than any ya novel I have ever read the effects of war and violence--as experienced firsthand but also as experienced vicariously through the media--on children. Or, more broadly, on the rising generation. They examine how adults, the current generation, create and sustain violence that inevitably bleeds into their children's lives. And I think these novels are the most anti-war, pro-peace novel that anything since Slaughterhouse Five has been by employing the same style: overloading you with intensely graphic descriptions of violence to the point where your brain just can't take it anymore, and you can't understand why any of this is happening. And I can guarantee that some of the images in this book are going to haunt me a lot longer than the images in Slaughterhouse Five, probably because I like ya fiction so much and am so heavily invested in all of the characters in this whole series.    Anyway, all that aside, the reason I would say this novel is the most important one of the past decade is because of the people who are reading it: namely, the rising generation. Even though it's set somewhere in Western civilization's post-apocalyptic dystopian future, the novel uses technology that ya readers are familiar with--ie reality tv--and explores how television (especially things like reality tv) exploits violence for entertainment. The book therefore addresses concerns in a better way than anything I've ever read that pertain particularly to the so-called Youtube Generation. If the people who read this novel actually think about it--instead of using it as pure entertainment like reality tv, something to be enjoyed because of its violence instead of really understanding why Collins employs that violence--and make parallels between the events in the novel and current events, this novel could actually do something to change the current conditions of the world.    I'm not saying I trust the same generation that gobbled up Twilight to understand the intensely moral awesomeness that is Mockingjay. But I really, really hope they do. I hope this novel helps to ease ya readers out of a sphere where everything is black and white and into an understanding that war and violence are never black and white. I hope they start to realize that the violence in this novel is more than just a plot point and is instead a catalyst provoking a personal, moral reaction that hopefully stimulates change in the reader.    Oh, also, Collins is a fabulous writer. I couldn't put this down. The story is great and the characters are wonderful. And some people might be inclined to chalk the epilogue solely up to Harry Potter 7's influence, but it serves a completely different purpose and is so kick-buttingly awesome.    Sorry to be so pretentious. But srsly. Everyone and their spouses and their children should freaking read this series.
B001FB5634|4.0|This is a moving story of true love in the face of desperation.  Not one to watch if you're in the mood for something light-hearted, but it will make you think again about how you relate to those you love.
0143118420|5.0|This author makes her superior writing look so effortless and easy.  She has the unique gift of remarkable metaphors coupled with a highly developed and beautiful literary style.  Describing the workings and turmoils of one's soul could easily be seen as self-absorbtion and rather boring to other people, but not in this book.  She has combined actual journeys with journeys of the soul and shows that in each case the journey is the point.  I highly recommend this to any person who is seeking a deeper spiritual experience--in whatever direction--as well as for just the sheer enjoyment of her narrative.  I'm looking forward to the sequel!
0307266303|5.0|I expected to be introduced to the Terahumara tribe and to hear stories of superhuman endurance etc. but I did not expect so much evolutionary biology along the way. Personally, I loved those chapters as much as the other stories and races but prospective readers should be forewarned. I highly recommend this book and it has definitely changed the way I think about running and even human evolution (both physical and social). Entertaining and informative...
B001PPLIFU|2.0|When I say James Bond, whats one thing that come up in mind? gadgets,tricks, spy stuff..etc.. where was that in this movie? this movie was boring. I really wanted to be enjoy this movie and to make me watch it over and over again... instead it delivered a love story and a hide and go seek plot.!
0316098337|4.0|I found out about ROOM on twitter by accident, but when I read the synopsis, it sounded fascinating. I had previously passed it over because the cover just looked like a kids book. Once I understood what ROOM was about, the cover art made perfect sense.<br /><br />To find a story like this, told completely from the perspective of a child seemed like a pretty difficult thing to pull off, but the author did an amazing job. From beginning to end it was riveting, spine tingling, and disturbing. In the end, I came to the conclusion that I would have liked more character development, specifically about 'old nick' and his mental state and also more about Ma before she was abducted. But, being this was a novel in the first person, I can see how it might be hard to put that kind of information in. Other then that, impressively done and I would definitely read more by this author!
B003XKPPOU|5.0|You know its a real rarity to see within the trilogy the third film which is better than the rest of the series.  I mean in this movie Pixar went over the top.  You got like real action, adventure, a love story, unbelievable sad moments, plus every toy character is playing a critical role in the story line. No one was left out even the little green toy Aliens as funny as they are were definately needed in movie.<br /><br />You should already know the story line were finally Andy is off to College and the Toys are uncertain about were their fate lies, will it be the Attic, given to some charity for other toys or the garbage.  All the drama that happens within this new story line is remarkable.  The funny thing with this movie is that the commercials for it didnt tell you a thing about what this film was going to be about.  So I am not going to spoil it for you but this is a definate must have.
B0009MAP90|4.0|Dylan's first LP from 1962 suggest only in glimpses what would be in store from him in future.<br /><br />The album consists predominantly of contemporary blues- and folksongs along with traditionals arranged by Dylan. Only two songs were Dylan originals. \\"Talkin 'New York' is a sort of diary song, performed in the talking / singing style that he would use on more tracks on the next three albums. The tribute to Woody Guthrie, \\"Song to Woody\\"  is a more melodic song, and for me one of the highlights on the album.<br /><br />Interesting too, that two songs later would be recorded by the Animals and turned into hits. \\"House of the Rising Sun\\" became a classic, and also \\"Baby Let Me Take You Home\\" became a relatively big hit. Though not exactly the same song as \\"Baby Let Me Follow You Down,\\" it's impossible not to see the similarities.<br /><br />Also interesting that several songs deal with the theme of dying
6304698623|5.0|I purchased this dvd as my husband had been looking for it for some time.  There are several movies out similar, but this is the one he wanted.  We watched it together and it's an awesome movie.  Definitely recommend it.
B003L77TZI|3.0|I was SO excited for this album to come out.  Katy Perry is my favorite singer and I absolutely adore One of the Boys.  Her songs on that CD have a very playful but fierce feel, and what I like about them is that, despite the fact that they are all great songs individually and all have something unique about them, they all seem to go together as an album.      So of course I was really anxious for Katy to release a new CD.  When California Gurls came out this summer, I was a little wary cause it sounded different than anything she had really done before, but I really liked the song, so I wasn't too upset.  It was so catchy, and when Teenage Dream came out, I instantly loved it.  It reminded me of something that might be on One of the Boys.  Of course at this point I wanted the CD to come out so bad!    Well I just got this CD today and I have to say I'm extremely disappointed.  Having said that, I've only had it for today, so there's a good chance that the CD might grow on me.  I don't think there's a good chance that I will like it as much as Katy's first CD though.  All these songs seem to be so out of place to me.  The album starts out with what I think is the best song, \\"Teenage Dream\\".  It's catchy and well written and truly does make you feel like you're living a Teenage Dream.  But then we get to songs like \\"Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)\\" which, while catchy, really doesn't have a whole lot of substance and sounds like something Ke$ha might sing.  And then there's \\"Peacock\\", which honestly reminds me too much of \\"Hollaback Girl\\" to even be taken seriously.  If I was to compare it to something off One of the Boys, I would have to say \\"Peacock\\" is just like \\"Ur So Gay\\"- funny and inappropriate, but not anywhere near to something a serious artist would create.  However, while \\"Ur So Gay\\" was somewhat tongue-in-cheek and cleverly written, \\"Peacock\\" just seems to be silly and dumb.  Then there's \\"E.T.\\" and I don't even know where to begin with that one- all I can ask is...Katy...why?    There are a few songs that have grown on me since I started listening to it, including \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\", \\"Pearl\\", and \\"Firework\\", but then again, they just don't really seem to click together.  Katie's attempt at a heartfelt ballad \\"Not Like the Movies\\" really doesn't live up to amazing predecessors such as \\"Thinking Of You\\" and \\"Lost\\".  \\"Circle the Drain\\" is a good song- really upbeat and hardcore, but the only one of its kind on the album.  That seems to be true for most of the songs.  I just feel like this album is a huge mess.  Like I said, I'm sure it will grow on me, but it was definitely disappointing.
B001JAFYFG|4.0|This 1976 classic sf movie already looked a little outdated by 1977 because of the groungbreaking special effects in Star Wars. But it is still enjoyable movie if you don't mind the cheap looking sets, somewhat silly storyline, Jenny Agutters acting and the obvious miniature models. It's a shame that there are no deleted scenes because, according to the director's commentary, this all got lost. Looking forward to the remake of this one.
B002RSDW80|2.0|This movie is a conflation of two books, Powell's \\"Julie and Julia: My Year of Cooking Dangerously\\" and Child's \\"My Life in France\\".  While the premise of the movie is that Julia shares synchronicity with Julie, the fact that both occupied apartments, made love and enjoyed cooking does not seem to square with the fact that Julia's apartment was in Paris while Julie's was in Queens, Julia wore a robe while Julie wears t-shirts and that Julia was trained at the Cordon Bleu Academy while Julie has no training in the culinary arts.<br /><br />Toward the end of the movie we find out that Julia actually distastes Julie's quest for fame through her blog of Julia's cookbook.  Hmmm, they aren't so synchronous after all!  No surprise, these are two very different people with very different motivations, living in different eras. The only thing that strikes a chord is the search for meaning by both Julia & Julie, other than that the movie is a complete waste of time.  I especially disliked the prosaic interjection of Hollywood stereotypes of Julia drinking martinis, hosting diplomatic parties, always eating in French restaurants and chain-smoking while eating--but never having time to write her book!  Also, when the plotline gets thin for Julie, the director resorts to rock music, a sex scene or Saturday Night Live clip to spice things up.  [Where, for instance, is the actual footage of Julia on television?]  Give me a break!!  The producers/director seem to want us to be sold on our degraded modern lifestyle to make it seem that Julia was not so different from us, rather than belonging to the 40's and 50's.  A terrible mish-mosh of cultural stereotypes, politically correct speech (\\"anti-Communists are all bad...\\"), misplaced values and landscapes.
0439023513|3.0|Overall, I think this was a nice ending to the trilogy, but after thinking about it for an evening, I have to say that it's not my favorite of the series.  Yes, it wrapped everything up.  We find out, mostly, what happens to everyone in the end.      However, unlike the other two books in the series, I found that I mostly didn't care.  It took me a day to figure out why that was.  I realized that in the first two books it's because of Katniss.  Her emotions are so raw & so genuine that as the narrator those emotions ooze out of the story & you take them on as your own.  The deaths in the book pain you as the reader, the victories are your victories; as the reader you are RIGHTTHERE with Katniss every step of the way.  Her joy, her triumph, her fear, her disdain... the first two books engage you on every level emotionally.  However, in MOCKINGJAY, Katniss is so detached, that as the reader, I was detached as well.  I found that just as she wanted to hide behind a pipe and nap, so did I.  Yes, there was action, but I was an observer, just as she was.  I wasn't as engaged or involved or even as concerned, even when characters that I knew I should (& did) care more about were involved.  MOCKINGJAY felt very sterile and clinical in a way that the first two books did not.  It's the only way I can describe it.  Even in the ending I felt no joy- not for or from Katniss, or for myself in having finished the tale.
B003L77TZI|3.0|Katy Perry's newest album, Teenage Dream, hits stores and becomes available for download today. This sophomore album (Technically junior album) is just as good as One of the Boys, though, some will say it's better.     Going into this review, I was honestly dreading the listen, based on the single \\"California Gurls\\".  I didn't like it the first time I heard it, and all summer I couldn't get away from it. Thank the maker for, \\"Teenage Dream\\", because at least that song is bearable. Actually it's grown on me.     To truly appreciate Perry's songs, you have to be a teenage girl or gay, because she's basically a teenager stuck in an older body. If this album is any indication, I hope she doesn't change at all (I was referring to her music, not the cover of Teenage Dream...mostly).    With \\"California Gurls\\" and \\"Teenage Dream\\" having already been released as singles and performed well on the radio, Perry already has fans wanting this new album. For me, two songs are not enough to buy a whole album.  What else is worthy of my money on this album?    \\"Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)\\"  will most likely be the third single from the album.  If \\"California Gurls\\" was this year's summer anthem, then this song would be the fall anthem. There's a lot of energy in this song, but it actually sounds like something from Ke$ha's Animal.    In the song \\"Not Like the Movies\\", Perry sings about wanting a fairy tale love, like in the movies.  Though this song may not seem radio ready, it may yet make it as the fourth single.    \\"Pearl\\" is another that will likely make it to the airwaves as it's Katy's favorite track from the album. I don't really feel this song, it's too emo for me.     \\"Circle the Drain\\" will definitely be a single off this album as it's featured in the IPhone music game app Katy Perry Revenge. This song, though just as much a downer lyrically as \\"Pearl\\", it keeps the energy up and is catchy.    The final single-worthy song, \\"Firework\\" (also featured in Katy Perry Revenge)will definitely be heard on the radio and at the clubs.  \\"Boom boom boom, even brighter than the moon moon moon\\" (Don't listen to this, it will get stuck in your head).    There's one last song I'd like to mention, \\"Peacock\\".  To me it sounds like this could be a dance song, as in do the Peacock.  If you take the song literally, it's dirty dirty birdy.  The lyrics as I hear it at the beginning are, \\"I wanna see you pea-cock-cock-cock your pea-cock-cock-cock...word on the street you got something to show me, magical colorful mystery...\\"     If you like pop music, then I'd recommend this cd to you.  Otherwise run to your cave, turn off your radio, don't watch MTV or read the paper because Katy Perry isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
B002RWKSII|5.0|From the arrangements of the songs, to the song cycle itself, Brian Wilson, as usual, creates an unparalleled listening experience that might just explode the brains of most contemporary music listeners.
1423101472|5.0|I might get hate mail for this, but Rick Riordan is a better writer than J.K Rowling. She killed off beloved characters in the last book and seemed to have fun doing it. While the last 3 books lacked the aspects of what made the franchise a hit in the first place. They are darker and not as magical or funny even. \\"The movies have even been less fun to watch since the first 4. The Half Blood Prince was the most moody and depressing of them all.\\"<br /><br />  With that said, Rick Riordan never forgets what made his franchise fun to read in the first place. Riordan might have stole some things from Rowling and there would be no Percy Jackson if there wasn't a Harry Potter first. You'll find many things that might remind you of Potter as you read these books, but in a way these books are more satisfying and fun to read never less.<br /><br />  Take this last book for example, it's darker with some characters dieing but Riordan never goes too far with who he kills off, unlike Rowling. While there's still room for plenty of humor and magic through all the non-stop action. That's something the last Potter book was missing. I just remember many beloved characters dieing, I don't remember much humor or fun even.
1400064287|5.0|I received it right away. Ordered on Sunday and got it Today (Wed.). Thank You!
0439023513|5.0|**** SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS ****<br /><br />I'm really satisfied with this conclusion and I'm really glad I picked up this series. All three books certainly kept me on the edge of my seat even if there were some things I didn't like about each. Most of what I didn't like had to do with Katniss. At times I find her fickle which can be hard to stomach when you come to care about the characters that she's hurting. Not the finest quality in a heroine but she does make up for it with her courageous attitude. I'm happy I got the ending I wanted with Peeta but \\"You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him, you know.\\" springs to mind. I gotta say I didn't like that there wasn't a lot of Peeta and his humor in this book but I am glad that we got to know Gale a little bit. I kept expecting him to betray her and in a way I guess he did in the end. I hope the peace lasted but that may be a wild hope. Hopefully it lasted through their children's lifetimes and theirs at least. I hate the idea of Finnick and Annie's boy or either of Katniss and Peeta's children being put into the games. I guess what the ending came down to is the question of whether or not peace can really last? Coin was no better than Snow. Can we remember the lives lost and have no more struggles for power? I doubt it. There will always be those who see the \\"big picture\\" and see people as numbers or faceless sacrifices. The problem is that no one is faceless. Gale found that out when it was a possibility that he was inadvertently responsible for Prim's death. He was willing to make weapons that would take out numbers of people for the cause. I think there will also always be those who, whether by nature or nurture, have gone corrupt somehow and are too thirsty for power and control to let peace rule. Also how do we as humans find the balance between turning the other cheek completely and letting ourselves be ruled by a desire for vengeance? I loved this series for bringing up these questions and presenting them in such an enjoyable way with great characters. I'm definitely sad that it's over but pleased with its end.  May the odds be ever in your favor.them in such an enjoyable way with great characters. I'm definitely sad that it's over but pleased with its end.  May the odds be ever in your favor.
B0038BBA4I|4.0|I love folk music and this album is great!  I can listen all the way through then go back and replay a few of my favorites without getting bored!  If you like folk, take a listen... you won't be disappointed!
1582432678|2.0|Forced myself to keep reading this in spite of the unlikable characters and altogether depressing outlook, and the payoff was a long time coming - the last chapter, to be exact. The format, a series of letters written to the departed husband, was annoying and self-indulgent, since most of the content was a retelling of what they had already shared and would have been already known to dearest Franklin. So why not just tell the reader, in a less contrived and more interesting way? She made me hate the husband, yet unbelievably kept professing her undying love for him and desire to have him back. Unbelievable on so many levels. The heart-stopping ending somewhat redeems the book but doesn't begin to make up for the first 300-some dismal pages.
B003QCCS36|4.0|Good ole' Ray could sing to me all day!  This album combines two of my favorite things:  Ray LaMontagne and a steel guitar.  It has a country/folky feel to it and gets your foot tapping at times.  LaMontagne's new backing band brings years of experience to the table, but in the end, it's still LaMontagne's gravelly, highly emotive voice that takes center stage.  Let's face it, the man could sing anything and make it sound good.<br /><br />It doesn't really matter who's backing him, it's all about the man, the words, and the emotion he conjures. The lyrics roll off his tongue so smoothly you'd think he is singing directly to you and about your life...  LaMontagne doesn't need any bells or whistles, all he needs is a feeling to hold onto and he'll deliver. For die-hard Ray fans, this album will undoubtedly please!<br /><br />Some of my favorites: `Repo Man', `Beg Steal or Borrow', `Old Before Your Time', and `Are We Really Through'.
1851522409|5.0|The used book was in excellent condition.<br />Glad to have that many stories in one book.
0553381687|5.0|The book is just as good as all the glowing reviews here indicate. Action, intrigue, and character development move along seamlessly and give the book a very brisk pacing that doesn't feel rushed in any way. I can't say enough good things about the book and I've no doubt that Martin has me in his grasp for the entire series now.<br /><br />I'm not one to get overly bothered by the occasional typo or misspelling, but this Kindle edition is without question the worst edited book I have ever read. Misspelled words, pointless and random underlining, spacing issues, inappropriate capitalizations and punctuation. These problems are severe and seem to crop up more frequently towards the end of the book.<br /><br />If Amazon is going to run an e-book business they need to treat it with the same professionalism that publishing companies do. The number and type of these errors is beyond amateurish and totally inexcusable.<br /><br />Edit (27/08/10): I've contacted Amazon and complained about the terrible editing job done to this book. I've also requested the contact information of those in charge of editing the book and will be writing them as well. Hopefully someone will take this seriously and future Kindle buyers will enjoy a much less maligned experience than myself and others have with this otherwise terrific book.<br /><br />Update (14/9/10): Amazon Customer Service has said they have contacted the publisher about the editing problems, but cannot say when or if a re-edit of the Kindle edition will happen. For my troubles they have given me a $10 promotional credit good towards my next Kindle purchase. Well and good for me, but what about past and future purchasers of the Kindle edition?
0439023513|2.0|I have been engrossed with the hunger game series since the first book was released. So naturally I have been waiting for a long time anticipating the third book, knowing that it was going to be every bit as spectacular as the first two. So after the long wait is over, I sit here truly brokenhearted that the end of the series has let me down so badly.     The love story between Katniss and Peeta may come to a conclusion but you are never fulfilled in their reunion or given details into her own awareness of her emotions. Instead Katniss is once again a pawn, manipulated in a war zone, used to kill, and then shipped off to another destination not on her own decision but others. Gale leaves without so much as a decent goodbye after you finally form an attachment to him through the book, Katniss loses not only her sister in a tragic and quite unnecessary bombing (which left Katniss in the hospital, again) but her mother also who can't come home to her only remaining daughter. Katniss spends much of the entire book injured, in the hospital, hiding in closets, or having a breakdown. I, for one, was wanting the strong heroic girl who was going to rush in and discover the truths in a corrupt world, demand justice, and take out her revenge while a new world rises up from the destruction of the old. But you are never given a sense of her strength at the end and details are never heard about Coin's corruption, how others came to discover the conspiracy, or even the exact state of the new government. It was all jumbled into background noise behind Katniss's suicidal breakdown and her months of solitary confinement as she mourned her sister. And when at long last Peeta comes home you aren't even given the decency of an emotional heartfelt reunion. The only redeeming quality is the very last line about her loving Peeta but this also is simply too little too late.
0312356854|5.0|Excellent read.  A difficult subject, but written beautifully.  A must read for everyone.
0439023513|2.0|Was hoping for some amazing twists from 'background' characters in books 1 & 2, i.e. Was Madge's mom really sick or just a mole in the mayor's home? Did Madge intentionally give Katniss the mockingjay pin on Haymitch's orders? Would Madge find love with Gale?   How would Peeta survive and become the mouthpiece for the revolution? Would Katniss allow herself to love and find her strength and balance through love with Peeta?  For me, it felt like Ms. Collins was straddling a line between writing the screenplay for Hunger Games and a deadline to finish book 3. I also felt like the author had a very strict agenda--WAR IS HELL. Her agenda muted the characters, and all the set-ups in books 1 & 2 were abandoned, as were the characters.   It is a grim ending/moral: war is hell, humanity's unsinkable hope turns depressing at best, there's no joy to be found, even in your own family.  Katniss and Peeta are no longer the youthful, fiery heralders of truth and freedom as established in books 1 & 2, instead, they are used up pawns whose future looks cloudy at best and down right futile at worst.  Ugh.
B000AYELVA|5.0|This was a great movie Hugh Jackman did a great job playing wolvierine. I just love this film. Very Good.
096798467X|5.0|I think this is a great book. I'm no master baker or anything  but the book really goes into good detail on the earth Oven. It offers great ideas to personalize your oven as well.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|The series is full of twists and turns, but be warned it's pretty violent and graphic.
B002YE452Y|4.0|After feeling a little burned with the other 2 Shakira She Wolf CD's out there I was prepared to really rip into this CD/DVD combo but it actually is quite good & I recommend it. The CD part has 16 tracks ( but not really) that includes 3 versions of She Wolf ( 2 in English that sound identical) & one in Spanish called Loba as well as 2 versions of DiD it Again & Gypsy. The music is pretty good but what sells it is the DVD. There are 3 different videos & the one of She Wolf is the best video I have seen in the last 2 years. Shakira really delivers sexy as only she can, really superb video as well as a making of the video, Shakira interview & as hinted at videos for Gypsy & Why Wait live. Add to that the CD is enhanced & leads you her website for a free ( limited) membership of sorts ( there is some great content there)makes this a pretty good package. As well the liner notes have the lyrics & lest I forget 3 or 4 tracks are not in English. You decide but even as I write this I am not too far off giving this 5 stars but minimum 4 stars. If Shakira is a new artist to you this would be a good place to start your collection. A final note: I didn't have any problem playing the DVD on my player or on the Computer ( I have Windows Vista).
030726999X|5.0|This book is one you do not want to put down from the first page -very very good
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I'll make this real short... I've seen them all... I like them and I'm ready to spend my money on the upcoming movie. There is only one \\"Jack\\".
B003TZ9EGO|5.0|i love lady  gaga so much she never dissapoints me lady gaga cd rocks
B002JCSWVG|4.0|This movie focuses on a single episode in the history of South Africa right after the election of Nelson Mandela as President, namely the rise of their rugby team from constant struggles to winning the World Cup.<br /><br />Let me start by acknowledging some legitimate criticisms of the movie, many of which have been noted by other reviewers: (a) rather limited sociohistorical context is provided, which is an issue for viewers not already fairly familiar with the history of South Africa, (b) the pacing of the plot is uneven, and there are gaps in the story, so there's often a lack of proper buildup and the links between events aren't always clear, and (c) the portrait of Mandela is rather incomplete, especially with regard to why he seems to be such a saintly leader yet has very strained relationships with his family.<br /><br />Having noted these negatives, I recommend ignoring them, because the main purpose of this movie is to present a story of racial and cultural reconciliation which is powerfully uplifting and inspiring, and the movie fully succeeds in this regard, in no small part because the acting is top-notch across the board.  There were many moments during this movie when I was deeply moved, to the extent of recalling the unexpectedly strong emotions I experienced the evening Barack Obama was elected our own President.  Perhaps there's some irony that this unification of South Africans was achieved by vanquishing a series of external rivals, but I suppose this is innocent enough when accomplished via sports rather than war (isn't that part of the purpose of international sports events like the Olympics?).<br /><br />Summing up, the positives of this movie vastly outweigh the negatives, so I highly recommend it.
B0000541AM|5.0|This is the theatrical version. The real deal. Not that ridiculous directors cut. this is how movie was ment to be seen. The only thing that would make it better is if were in wide screen.
0143117130|4.0|I saw the movie years ago, so that this novel composed of diary entries was fresh and hilarious.  Bridget is obsessed with her vices--food, alcohol and cigarettes.  She's a procrastinator who tends to bite off more than she can chew and a singleton whose family and \\"Smug Married\\" friends badger her about her unmarried status.  Her greatest asset is her wit, though, and that is what sustains her.  Her email repartee with her slimy but handsome boss regarding her uber-short spandex skirt is side-splittingly funny.  The other possible man in her life is Mark Darcy, a very successful lawyer who seems a little too buttoned up for Bridget's tastes.  Scattered among her neurotic quests for a boyfriend, her job blunders and dinner party fiascos are sources of embarrassment that somehow morph into successes.  On the periphery is the drama playing out with her parents, who separate when her mother yields to her inner cougar tendencies.  This is somewhat of an unnecessary distraction, as Bridget's foibles are more entertaining, from trying to program her VCR to assessing the feng shui of her apartment.
B002XHN776|5.0|Another solid album from 30 Seconds to Mars.  Many of these songs are sure to be featured in movies, tv shows, and video games.  I can't wait for these tracks to be available for rock band.  This Is War is a must have for any 30 Seconds to Mars fans!
0307346617|5.0|Great book, great story, interesting format! Recommended to me, and I recommend it to you!
0385737955|3.0|I really enjoyed the entire book until the end.  I loved the suspense with the maze and the tension between Thomas and Teresa.  BUT then the author set up the next book and the dreariness of the world outside the maze was too depressing.  Honestly, I don't think I can handle a book where everyone is so depressed and hopeless.  I don't see a shred of hope in the future book at all and don't want to be immersed in that yucky world the author is setting up.
0307266303|5.0|I've been distance training for the first time in my life and I've emmersed myself in the running community. This book was mentioned in many forums and chat rooms so I went ahead and picked it up.     Life changing!     This book was a perfect blend of self-discovery, pursuit of myth and legend, and scientific theory. McDougall paints the perfect picture and manages to detail the beauty and wonder of what many would consider barren lands. The Tarahumara are described is such great detail and their daily practices in generosity and the love they wear openly for running pour off the page. It makes you want to buy a plane ticket, catch a bus, hire a guide, hike the unknown, and find this little Utopian society. The practice of barefoot running is introduced through a character and then seemlessly expanded through the discussions between runners and doctors and the dispute between who is right...evolution or science? A look at how we may have possibly evolved as a species to be ultra runners provides a unique perspective in favor of every humans inherent ability to run, regardless of the injuries associated with the local activity.     Fanatastic read. Marathons were my goal before reading this. Now, I see that running can be more than just a race, it can be a way of life.
0757302661|3.0|I listened to the CD before bed and fell asleep many night while pregnant.  That was pleasant.  An easier, more comfortable birth?  Not really.  But I wasn't totally hardcore with the book.  I mostly just listened to the CD.  I think if you want to do true Hypnobirthing, I would recommend a class.
B000B8QG4A|3.0|It is an excellent movie complete with the booklet.  My grand daughter loves it.  Truly a classic & wonderful movie.    The DVD sticks often & we have to wait for it to continue.  I am not sure whether this is the fault of the DVD or our DVD player.  However, we did watch a different movie without one skip yesterday.
006091307X|3.0|I have to admit that I wanted to like this novel more than I actually did.  It's been a few weeks since I finished The Crying of Lot 49 (I've fallen behind in my book reviewing) and I have to say, I haven't thought about it much (if at all) since - which is never a good thing.  A literary work like this is supposed to get inside your head and make you ponder its themes and contemplate its metaphors and consider its subtle nuances.<br /><br />For the most part, I found the novel entertaining enough (and it is very short) but its major downfall is that I felt no attachment to any of the characters.  Even in a short novel like this, Pynchon manages to introduce dozens of characters who play small roles and then disappear without a trace.  As a result, the only character we have any hope of engaging with is our protagonist, Oedipa Maas.  Unfortunately I couldn't muster up much interest for her or for the mysterious conspiracy she tries to unravel.<br /><br />Still, the Crying of Lot 49 has worthwhile qualities warranting at least 3 stars. The Jacobean revenge play is great, the word play (Pynchon clearly loves his wordplay) is pretty clever, and the novel does have a 1960s hallucinatory vibe going on (& I have a soft spot for hippies).  The ending is ambiguous which many readers will find frustrating - but I'm partial to ambiguous endings so it worked for me.<br /><br />The book though is more of a literary puzzle than a bona fide story.  It's not about entertaining the reader, character development, or even story-telling.  It's about literary cleverness and social commentary.  It offers reflections on the disconnectedness and isolation of modern society.  It explores the notion of language and communication suggesting that much of what we communicate is pointless.  It's a novel about absurdity and cultural chaos.  From that perspective, it's interesting to read.<br /><br />But is this a great novel?  Is it an engaging story?  Does it introduce us to compelling and memorable characters?<br /><br />No, no and not even close., no and not even close.
B0026OE2O8|5.0|We have seen many films about our planet and animals, sometimes to a degree that we feel we have seen it all. But this film is utterly different. The over exposure of colour and the photography in this film is beyond anything I had imagined. I was in awe from the first moment to the last. And some amazing facts will be thrown at you.     This is without doubt a five star for me.     Martina Pook  Director  Artrillium House  The Directory  [...]
B002ZG9788|3.0|Title says it all, some great ideas here, just rushed when it came down to filming them. With a sequel announced lets hope they can improve.
0439023513|2.0|Minor spoilers here<br /><br />First off, I want to say that I loved the first two books in this series and read Mockingjay the day it came out.  I've read both The Hunger Games and Catching Fire multiple times but I can say fairly definitively that there is nothing that will lead me to read Mockingjay again.<br /><br />I was completely disappointed with the book.  There was no captivating story and nothing that kept me page turning except my desire to get to the end and see what happens to Katniss and her friends.  I practically raced through the book as it just did not hold my interest.<br /><br />There were far too many battle scenes and I felt like each one was just another was to introduce a new booby trap or muttation.  The final battle scenes in the Capitol felt like a poor attempt to parallel the arenas in the Hunger Games.  I found it a little ridiculous that the entire city was booby trapped with an infinite number of gruesome \\"pods.\\"  What's wrong with just blowing someone up if you are trying to protect your home base - oh yes, that wouldn't be interesting enough for the book.<br /><br />The major deaths in the book didn't even phase me; I found them to be too rushed.<br /><br />There were no big reveals that weren't obvious and the ending was pretty much the only way to end the book.<br /><br />Katniss also just floated through the book and rarely made her own decisions or thought for herself.  I didn't get the closure for her character that I was expecting, even in the epilogue.<br /><br />I think what upset me the most is that there were no big moments of triumph that you would expect in a series conclusion like this.  There was literally nothing to cheer for in the entire book.  I suppose that is the point Suzanne Collins is trying to make about war, but it makes for a dull, depressing and not entertaining read.<br /><br />Overall, a very disappointing end to what started out as a great series.
B003K025TQ|4.0|Perhaps the only disappoinment, is rock people will pass it by because its Lee Ritenour. This collection offers so much more then the usual Ritenour tasty somewhat non challenging new age jazz thing. Steve Lukather's influence is obvious, and I really appreciate the players he put together. I could think of a few others to add, but thats always the case. Good songs, great players, no one is trying to outdue anyone which is what makes this work.<br />Worth the price.......
B003OCWF6I|5.0|I loved \\"The Losers! It was exciting and fun! I especially enjoyed Chris Evans and Columbus Short!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This review may contain spoilers:<br /><br />Review of the standard 1 disk DVD<br /><br />I was not fortunate enough to see the film in theaters during it's original release, so I opted to see it on a standard 1 disk DVD because the price was right, the film is great no matter what format you view it in, but I have to admit the DVD was lacking because it had no extras what so ever, & the picture quality was pretty standard, I originally gave the standard DVD 4 stars because as I said the movie is amazing but standard DVD does not do enough justice to this film especially without extras.<br /><br />Review for the Blu-ray 3 Disk Extended Collector's Edition:<br /><br />Awesome, awesome, & did I say awesome? lol this disk set is loaded with a ton of extras & the picture quality is amazing everything looks even more realistic in High-Def you get an extended version of the original theatrical release + directors cut version of the film & other bonus features such as a behind the scenes look at the making of the film & a lot more, there is so many extras that I'm not quite sure I viewed them all yet I love this Blu-ray set, some say it's still not worth buying but I say if you are a true fan of this film it's definitely worth buying in my opinion I give this Blu-Ray 3 disk set 5 full stars LOVE IT!<br /><br />Last notes: there is no audio commentary on the blu-Ry 3 disk set or the standard 1 disk DVD<br />Also note: you might have to update your Blu-ray players firmware if you own an older model<br />My review is based on what I've seen & heard while watching these disk, if I have made mistakes in my review I may revise at another time thanks for reading.
B0000E64TQ|5.0|Although I already had the remasterd edition this reissue on SACD is really absurd in terms of sound quality.<br />The bonus DVD is a gift for thos who want to know the stpes to produce a fine album.
B0016MZFXS|3.0|This Clock is great for the Star Wars fan.  My son loves that it make all kinds of R2-D2 noise when you press the DEMO button.  But that is also the only time it Projects the time on the ceiling/wall, other than when the alarm is going off.      I would have thought that a PROJECTOR CLOCK would project the time ALL the time.  That would not be to much of a problem except the that only other way to read the time in on a tiny little screen, which does not light up so it can not be read at night.  And if you press the DEMO button in the middle of the night you get a lot of R2-D2 noise, that wakes up Mommy ;(
B003L77TZI|5.0|Katy Perry is not affraid to speak her mind, and that's what makes this album so delicious. All the up-tempo songs are great and they are ment to be teen anthems. And the ballads are so beautiful, it feel that she wrote them about my life. I'm sure anyone can relate to her songs.<br />And the fact that the cd actually smells like candy is great! L.O.L.
B001U3Y5XE|4.0|Bought this game as a suggestion from my Grandson who is 8 years old.  He wanted it for his birthday.  It was a wonderful choice.  The game is being enjoyed by the entire family.  Don't hesitate to purchase this fun,creative, educational and interesting game.
B000VSAEYI|3.0|I LIKE many aspects of this pool:  1. Great SIZE.  2. I love the HEIGHT of the edges: my 20 month old could easily get in and out over it.  3. The SPRINKLER is a cherry on top, really!  4. The TOYS that come with it are great, but the pool itself was so entertaining for my two kids (20mths and 3yrs), that they couldn't care less about them - well, maybe next year, or in  the tub during winter months.    A few things I DON'T LIKE:  1. The LEAKING PROBLEM. Since day one it was constatly leaking air. I had to \\"refresh\\" it every day in the beginning of the summer, after 2 months I had to do it twice a day (!). I found a tiny puncture and have just sealed it, so I hope this will solve the problem. However, it leaked on day one, when no one even used it. So I'm not sure whether it was a factory problem or mine.  2. I wish the SLIDE was NOT prememently ATTACHED to the little square splash pool area, because cleaning under it to keep the pool from growing bacteria is close to impossible. I'm tempted to cut that non-inflatable strip between the slide and the \\"wall\\" to get access. I'll have to figure out if it's going to affect the funtionality of the slide first, though.
1595825045|5.0|If you are even a little bit of a fan of the series then you will love this. the art in this book is really breathtaking and the creators really get down to the smallest details about the series, thier inspiration and everything in between. I am so glad i bought this. One thing i have to say is that the book is HUGE, i was expecting a small paperback sized book but its a nice hardcover book. very pleased with the way it was made
B0007CNXUU|5.0|None of these actors/actresses overdo their parts - their lines and actions flow smoothly and you're caught up in the story quickly.  The main reason I first rented this film was to see Freddie Highmore; his portrayal of Peter is magical and so believable...he is pure joy to watch on screen...he takes his magic to August Rush with perfection.  I am now a fan of Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet...and the dancing \\"bear\\" is adorable.
B003ODL004|5.0|I was astonished when the movie ended, \\"I had to watch this again and again\\" I said and I did it.  The script and the direction is a masterpiece, I all can say is that Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer are geniuses, that's why I got this CD.  This is a truly amazing soundtrack, but I warn you: there are some songs so beautiful that are going to haunt you for a couples of days or maybe weeks, sorry I am not good writting reviews, I'll try to be concise, not going to repeat what other coustomers have stated either, so this are my favorites songs:    1. Time  2. Dream Is Collapsing  3. Half Remembered Dream    I hope you enjoy this soundtrack as much as the movie.
B002ZG9968|1.0|It boggles my mind that this movie could get so many good reviews. This was an absolute waste of 2 hours.  This movie is completely predictable with nothing even remotely original about it.  Terrible acting and completely unbelievable.  If I could give it zero stars I would.
B0001KZM3O|3.0|I bought this about eight years ago when I saw it going cheap. I've listened to it once since (the very day I bought it). Nough said. Why would anyone listen to this when they can choose from the entirety of the PF catalogue?
B00122G0GS|5.0|To appreciate this album you have to throw out comparing Eric Clapton and Robert Johnson. You just have to look at it as if it was just any old  blues album. Seeing that it's one of the best I've ever heard. If you're a blues fan you can't listen to this album and say it's no good. If I'm in a blues mood playing this album would fit the bill as well as any other.
1402760663|5.0|The original is a very well written book, nearly every chapter is a story in itself. Together they give an overview of the partail genocide and internment in concentration camps/reservations of some of the most prominent \\"Native American\\" tribes, along with other interesting facts and fantastic photos. My only gripe with this latest edition is that many of the original photos have been deleted, most of them are replaced with alternates of the same subject, but not all. The pics. of Roman Nose and Wovoka are gone replaced only with charcoal drawings. One of my favorites, Big Eagle brandishing his war club is gone, replaced with a photo that does'nt jump of the page the way the original does. This new edit. has a number of essays interspearsed through the chapters, an infomitive preface, many new photos and two maps, all of which are welcome. I was hopeing the maps would be of more assistance, they date from 1852 which is well before the 1860-1890 time-line of the narrative. They leave alot to be desired for answering questions like: Where is the \\"Smokey Hill\\"?...refered to with great frequency in the early chapters. If you've not read this book I suggest an earlier edition as it should have a better flow reading it as it was first intended, then since the vast majority of readers will be compelled to reread this classic, buy the expanded version for an even more enjoyable reread. A sample of the interesting facts aforementioned: (July 1860 the repeating rifle invented)...To me this shows that the Union Army finally had the ability to wage war with the confederates, carry on their genocide doctorine of free peoples, while standing ready to defend against a potential foriegn invader like Great Britten. The union could'nt have done all three without repeating rifles, so as soon as they had them they wasted no time forceing their agenda. Consider: What if slaves had been granted freedom while tribal Americans were free? Drums, danceing, tribal religion...these two tribesof man flurishing stood firmly in the way of corporate America and still do, as propaganda wars are as prominent as ever.
0385736002|3.0|This is a fun read with fast-paced action from the very beginning. The author also does include slow moments that build emotions, and explain the universe he has created. He also brings into the story myths from various cultures. The major shortcoming is that the mythological creatures/deities he introduces get no background. In the Percy Jackson series, each god or myth is given a good and accurate background story so that Percy's adventures are put into perspective. However, in this novel, I had no idea in where/why The Morrigan was worshipped or where the Scathach legend originated even though these are two important characters in the story. Only by going online myself, did I learn more about these two. Perhaps it is because Scott wants to use these characters independently and not based on the original myths, but it can create confusion for the reader. On the other hand, it is a fascinating story. The beginning is weak in my opinion, but the end makes up for it. The other shortcoming, which prevented me from giving it 4 stars, is the lack of feeling for the characters. I could not connect to the two main characters as much as I did in books like Percy Jackson or The Mysterious Benedict Society. Josh and Sophie are twins and protective of each other, but other than that, they seem rather superficial. On the whole, the world he creates is amazing, the story is exciting, and the reader can learn a lot.
B0030DBGXY|5.0|What can I say, this knife is fantastic.    I was originally a bit nervous about this listing describing the knife as \\"san mai\\" and deliver me a knife of a different steel.    ABSOLUTELY WRONG    A startlingly excellent knife, outstanding steel, came sharp enough to possibly cut a whole in time, and all for about HALF of what it would have costed direct from the manufacturer.     I also purchased the OSS from the same seller, but I prefer this knife. The grip just feels more... perfect, in a way. The length is just perfect in that it isn't too long that it becomes unwieldy, and not too short that it would leave you wanting more. I am confident that I could use this knife for everything from opening heavy packaging quickly (this thing cuts through those clamshell packages as if it were tissue paper) to fighting for my life in a zombie apocalypse.     My only, minor, gripe about this product is the sheath. Similar sheaths for other knives are designed to give slightly when sheathing the knife, and pop back to grip the knife in place (this feature works very well on the OSS knife, it takes quite a bit of muscle to remove it, so you can have it mounted upside down (should you ever need/want to)).    I can see very insignificant indentations that would serve this purpose, but they're only a hair thick. I don't know if this is a problem with my particular sheath, a flaw in the design or manufacturing... I don't know, but I don't care too much. I'll always have this knife mounted point-down so there's no chance of it accidentally slipping out (there is also a nylon strap/snap on the belt loop. Not necessarily ideal, but does the job well).
0061743526|5.0|Excellentprice.  I shopped all the internet and this was the best price for a hardcover.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This is an important movie, based mostly on Michael Pollan's \\"Omnivore's Dilemma\\", which is an important book.  Everyone should see the movie if they don't want to read the book because it shows vividly how we get our food, and much of it is something nobody could actually want.  It also shows better, healthier alternative ways of farming and raising animals for food.  Many people are worried about our agricultural practices and our cruelty to animals confined in circumstances that could only be equated to the worst prisons in the medieval world.  They need to see this movie!
B003JTHESA|5.0|Very Progressive and full of fresh ideas! Great improvement in  vocal sounds from A matter of life and death!
B000002ULO|5.0|This CD is one I just got to, not buying it when it was released. After several plays, I'm hooked. This cd, in my opinion, rates up there with McCartney and Ram. I'm not a big Wings fan, nor do I really care for some of Paul's other albums/silly love songs, but this one is a joy to the ears. Every tune is decent, some more so than others. Some rock, some ballad, some pure McCartney.....an excellent listening experience overall.
B0035TUBIE|5.0|The United States needs to discover Caro Emerald. She has several radio friendly songs that could break into AC formats including the smash hits \\"Back it Up\\" and \\"A Night Like This\\". Like several others said, a great blend uptempo jazz the recalls lounge music of the 40s and 50s but with a vibe that is so much today.
1439190275|5.0|This book is an essential tool to understanding Atkins nutrition.  It is clearly written with current information that has not been presented prior to this printing.  Adhered to properly, it is an effective method to control insulin.  The scientific information at the end is also an easy read and very informative.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the current information available about low-carb.
B001GCUO16|3.0|If you like superhero movies then you'll enjoy this one.  If they're not really your thing, then you may not enjoy this one all that much.  The special effects are pretty bad, especially for a big budget movie like this one, but it's always fun to see Wolverine in action.
0439023513|4.0|** spoiler alert **  I didn't like this one as much as the others but even still, it was a great book and a nice ending to the series. This book is much darker than the others in the series.<br /><br />I feel as though some of the devices (Peeta's brainwashing, the random pods) were a little forced to keep the story moving along.<br /><br />SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!<br />The real disappointment is how Katniss ends up with Peeta. She is never really forced to make a choice between the two men, which is a little disappointing.
B003L77TZI|5.0|What I love about Katy's music and more specifically the Teenage Dream cd is that it's fun to listen to!  Katy as everyone knows has an amazing voice, but she also uses her talent to produce a fun and really enjoy.  The cd is catchy and pretty darn entertaining! bg
B001MEJY8W|5.0|martyrs is your typical horror movie: people get tortured, people die, people seek revenge, there's blood everywhere, blah blah blah. but what set this movie apart was the stellar performances by the actors and actresses, and the graphics of the movie.<br /><br />the movie moves fast, which i loved since my attention span is worse than a goldfish's. a tween-age girl, lucie, escapes a basement after being tortured for years by her adoptive parents, and falls into the arms of an orphanage who nurse her back to health and send her on her way once she turns of age. at the orphanage, she makes a friend, anna, and tells her everything that happened in that horrifying basement (which the viewer is not told). lucie convinces anna to aide her in seeking revenge on the family that abused her, so they both go back to the house to do the devil's work. lucie lays out the family with an elephant rifle in their own home, which anna tries to bury the evidence in the back yard. meanwhile in the home, lucie is haunted by her past of abuse, and begins to go insane. not long after lucie turns the tables on herself, anna is captured, and this is where the REAL story behind the movie begins...<br /><br />now don't think i spoiled anything about the movie, because all of this happens in about the first 30 mins. i will spoil the plot a little bit, and say that the movie doesn't really revolve around lucie, whom you are introduced to in the beginning and is thought to be the main character. the movie is actually about her friend anna...why, you will have to watch to find out. but the relationship between these two girls is so loving, caring, and sincere. you see these characters as people, with emotions and thoughts just like you and i. martyrs is extremely graphic and realistic, none of this asian horror crap where someone gets a tiny cut on their finger and magically there's a blood geyser spewing out of them 10 ft tall. there are many graphic scenes of abuse, with eyes swollen shut, balding/hair loss, and just all around frail victims. but what really put me under was one of the very last scenes in the movie of anna. i never saw it coming, and when i did i almost threw up all over myself. i love horror and i love gore, but you saw anna as a character, evolve as a person, a friend, a lover, a fighter...and to have this happen to her...i had to put on cartoons before i went to bed because that image was burned into my retinas!<br /><br />martyrs is one of the best horror movies i have seen in a long time! i highly recommend it to every horror and gore fan out there!!!nd just all around frail victims. but what really put me under was one of the very last scenes in the movie of anna. i never saw it coming, and when i did i almost threw up all over myself. i love horror and i love gore, but you saw anna as a character, evolve as a person, a friend, a lover, a fighter...and to have this happen to her...i had to put on cartoons before i went to bed because that image was burned into my retinas!    martyrs is one of the best horror movies i have seen in a long time! i highly recommend it to every horror and gore fan out there!!!
B002GHHHKG|4.0|This is a classic movie with two huge stars. If you haven't seen it yet, and you love drama movies, this should be on the top of your list.
0439023513|3.0|I was really excited for this book. I absolutely LOVED the first one and the second one had such a surprising twist in the end how could you NOT love it. This one, was a disappointment compared to the first two. Maybe I liked them more due to the arena adding a never-ending level of excitement, not expecting what was to come next out of the woods. This one didn't answer a lot of the questions I wanted answered, and left me feeling like it was a waste of my six hours to read.    The first problem was Prim dying. In the very first book, Katniss volunteers herself for the games just so that wouldn't happen. Why would you kill her off at the end of the revolution, it made little sense to me. The whole reason she was even in The Hunger Games, and eventually becomes the face of the revolution is because she takes her sister's place. The death seemed so unnecessary. Like Finnick's death. That bothered me too, I was just warming up to him when he goes and get killed by mutations then blown up.     Now on to the next bit. I was very interested in the red-headed Avox who Katniss saw running through the woods, then runs into again during her time as a tribute. I wanted to know more about her, not just her name and how she died. That irritated the hell out of me.     On to the romance. I was always one for Peeta and Katniss coming together, but the way it happened wasn't what I wanted. I wanted their relationship to grow throughout the book, as it had done in the previous ones. I wanted them to rediscover each other after he came back with his illness that made him want to kill her. I expected so much from this and all we got out of them, any form of raw emotion was the kiss she gave him. That was it. I felt the author completely avoided the romance almost all together. Wasn't this a big part of the first two? Who will she choose, Gale or Peeta? Then we have to accept the fact they grew up and had kids together. Not much detail.    Even though I wasn't a Gale fan, I don't thinkthey should have just dropped their friendship the way it happened. This also goes with not killing Prim, considering his bomb may have been the one that did it. They were friends for five years - hunting, surviving, and helping each other's families. Then they just drop all that? He goes and gets a job in District 2, and she goes and lives with Peeta in District 12.     I'm kind of rambling, considering I can't rant to my friends about this until they read the book. So I'll leave it at that for now.
B000FS9FC6|5.0|A great movie! Dramatic, entertaining, action filled. My favorite part is when V introduces himself. It simply does not get better than that. Remember, remember the fifth of November!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This book was... different them i expected... i cant really describe because i dont know. When it ended i didnt feel happy like i usually do after a book but... like for a little while i had expierenced what katniss was going through her pain and sorrow it was amazing
0307266303|5.0|Two thumbs WAY up. Even for a non-runner like me, this book was a fascinating, thought-provoking, and overall just plain entertaining look at running in general, and ultra-long-distance runners in particular. McDougall offers some controversial ideas about running shoes, correct technique, and just how much beer one should drink before a 50-mile footrace. Highly recommended!
030745455X|5.0|I bought the Stieg Larsson trilogy books two weeks ago and have almost finished reading all of them!  Fascinating (sometimes confusing) but truly enjoyable.  I will read them again!!!
0671015206|5.0|A great read for anyone who wants to be independent in thought, attitude, and finances. It is book that teaches action and self awareness as well making you define your idea of \\"wealthy\\".  This book shows hows so many Americans are hell bent in keeping up with the \\"Jones'\\" only to find out the \\"Jones'\\" are fools and you've just wasted your life in the pursuit of trivial possessions.
B0007GAEGC|5.0|I enjoyed this CD and now have it in my car player to listen to  when I drive.   The Celtic Women are an exceptional group.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|XXXXX<br /><br />Citigroup (a major financial services company based in New York) declared in 2005 and 2006 that:<br /><br />\\"The U.S. was no longer really a democracy but had become a plutonomy, a society controlled exclusively by and for the benefit of the top 1% of the population who now have more financial wealth than the bottom 95% combined.\\"<br /><br />(Democracy is a political form of government where governing power is derived FROM THE PEOPLE.)<br /><br />The above fact is found in this eye-opening documentary written by, directed by, produced by, and starring Michael Moore.  Moore is an American film maker, author, and liberal political commentator.<br /><br />This film focuses on the financial crisis of (2007 to 2010) and the recovery stimulus.  It examines the current economic order in the United States and capitalism in general.<br /><br />(Capitalism is an economic system where the means of production and distribution are privately owned and operated for profit.)<br /><br />General topics covered in this film include:<br /><br />(1) Wall Street's \\"casino mentality\\"<br />(2) for-profit prisons<br />(3) Goldman Sachs' influences in Washington, DC.  (Goldman Sachs is a very financially successful global investment banking and securities firm)<br />(4) the poverty level wages of many workers.  (Example: why do we have an economic system \\"that allows a pilot to be paid less than a manger at Taco Bell?\\")<br />(5) the large number of home foreclosures. (A foreclosure is a legal procedure that may require forced sale of property.)<br />(6) the consequences of \\"runaway greed.\\"<br /><br />There is even a religious component to this documentary.  Here, Moore examines whether or not capitalism is a sin and if Jesus would be a capitalist!!<br /><br />Yes, this film has Moore's sometimes corny humour but I feel this film will leave viewers with much to ponder and debate.<br /><br />Be sure to watch the end credits.  Interspersed between them are facts and quotes.  My two favourite quotes are:<br /><br />(1) \\"I sincerely believe...that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies.\\"  (Thomas Jefferson, 1816)<br /><br />(2) \\"It's class warfare, my class is winning but they shouldn't be.\\" (Warren Buffet, world's richest person, 2007)<br /><br />This documentary has grossed over sixteen million dollars as of the date of this review.<br /><br />Finally, the DVD (the one released in 2010) is perfect in picture and sound quality.  It has several interesting extras.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is an unforgettable and sometimes shocking documentary.  Moore concludes at its end that \\"Capitalism is evil.\\"  I DISAGREE.  If you're a member of the top 1% of the population who are filthy rich, capitalism is a \\"blessing.\\"<br /><br />(2009; 2 hr, 7 min;  wide screen;  28 scenes)<br /><br />&lt;&lt;Stephen Pletko, London, Ontario, Canada>><br /><br />XXXXXtwo favourite quotes are:<br /><br />(1) \\"I sincerely believe...that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies.\\"  (Thomas Jefferson, 1816)<br /><br />(2) \\"It's class warfare, my class is winning but they shouldn't be.\\" (Warren Buffet, world's richest person, 2007)<br /><br />This documentary has grossed over sixteen million dollars as of the date of this review.<br /><br />Finally, the DVD (the one released in 2010) is perfect in picture and sound quality.  It has several interesting extras.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is an unforgettable and sometimes shocking documentary.  Moore concludes at its end that \\"Capitalism is evil.\\"  I DISAGREE.  If you're a member of the top 1% of the population who are filthy rich, capitalism is a \\"blessing.\\"<br /><br />(2009; 2 hr, 7 min;  wide screen;  28 scenes)<br /><br />&lt;&lt;Stephen Pletko, London, Ontario, Canada>><br /><br />XXXXX
B00005JMXX|5.0|i loved this movie..  the special effects were great, and had a great story line as well.  i'm not all that good at writing reviews, but i did enjoy this movie, and it became one of my favorite movies to watch over and over again.  id definitely suggest that you order this movie...i don't think you'll be disappointed.
0375826742|5.0|Christopher Paolini writes a remarkable continuation of the Inheritence Series. I couldn't put it down and I read straight through! Paolini hooks you in Eragon's world, and keeps you there. Brisingr is one of those books that you can't guess what's coming next, and you keep being surprised, part of what makes Brisingr so great! This keeps you guessing, and then you end up being wrong, and through out the entire book you essentially second guess yourself. You get insight into many more characters, all while following Eragon and Saphira. While this is a great book, Eragon does get a bit annoying after awhile, both in his actions and thoughts. He just acts so dumb at times. Also in the fact that Eragon is always after Arya so to say, and that he has a kind of big ego at times. Throughout Brisingr, you're introduced to many new characters and are always captured in the on going plot of Brisingr. The ending sure leaves you waiting for the 4th installment in the Inheritance Series, which in my opinion can not come fast enough. Overall though, it's a great read, and I strongly recommend it!
B000B5XOY8|5.0|Bonus features alone make this definitely worth the purchase of the deluxe edition. Still haven't gotten through all of them!
1591843162|3.0|This book articulates concepts that I know... but have never thought about in this way.  It has opened up my mind to the same concepts in a whole new way.
B003KNDMXG|5.0|The album is one of my favorites of all time. Tells a story, but the songs still are able to stand on their own.
B0006A9FKA|5.0|I am very pleased with the quick delivery of the merchandise and also the quality of the merchandise. I see no scratches or markes and that makes me very happy. I would buy from this seller again. I love this movie it is funny and worth watching. It is a horror and comedy all in one. I usually don't like the mixture of the two but this one had me on the edge of my seat and laughing at the same time.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I have been a fan of lost from the beginning...to me the ending was amazing,touching and emotionally satisfying. all the people who have been bitching and moaning about not answering all the qestios back to the jfk assasination missed the point. lost is totally about charachters and the end resolved their issues perfectly. the turnabouts with Jack and Ben alone were inccedible and moving and how could anyone not love others such as desmond and hurley amazing!
6304345313|3.0|I bought this movie for a friend so I don't know what the movie is like. I am not interested personally in these kinds of movies. My friend rates this movie a 5-star.
0316067938|5.0|I am a mother of 3 and like to keep up on what my tween and teens are reading. Loved this book. It keeps you wanting more. I tried to skip pages but couldn't (afraid that I would miss something).I wish that it could have gone on.  Stephenie Meyer is a wonder writer and holds your interest in the characters. I plan on reading more from her.
B001JRB16U|4.0|First let me say that I like this movie. I'm British by birth so I am duty bound to deduct one star for the most unsuccessful attempt at a British accent ever to be immortalized on film. It shows how much the standard of acting has improved when you hear the flawless British accents of actors like Rene Zellweger or Johnny Depp. Dick Van Dyke simply can't do a British accent and should never have been cast in the part. There was a British actor/singer at the time called Tommy Steele, who already had an impressive stage and screen resume and who would have been perfect in the role. However, he was overlooked for the bigger name (in the US) of Van Dyke. Ironically, Julie Andrews was passed over a year earlier for the movie of 'My Fair Lady' for the non-singing, but better-known, Audrey Hepburn (whose cockney accent was almost as bad as Van Dyke's). Andrews showed what a mistake that was by winning an Oscar for this film. However, that quibble aside, this is a joyous, entrancing movie.      The funny thing I referred to in the title of this review is that in most movie adaptations of books, like say the Harry Potter series, angry reviewers spend much time and energy complaining that the movies don't follow the books. Hardly anyone (I did find one such review) says that about 'Mary Poppins', even though the movie bears little resemblance to the book and, in particular, the character of Mary Poppins is completely changed.    Personally, I've never felt that movie adaptations need to follow the books on which they were based. Movies are a totally different medium and the only criterion should be whether the movie works as a movie. In that respect, 'Mary Poppins' works admirably.
0143118420|1.0|the writing itself is wonderful, no doubt.  It's the quality of the book I have a problem with.  Usually Amazon is the best.  However this book is falling apart by the day.  The binding is a misnomer as it binds NOTHING.  I have a handful of pages.
0439023513|2.0|Once the story picked up, about a third of the way through, there was suspense aplenty to keep me turning page after page because I just had to know what would happen next and  how everything would turn out.<br /><br />However..... I kept waiting and waiting for some interaction between Katniss and Peeta or Katniss and Haymitch to appear. Or even Gale for that matter, who had a much larger role in the Mockingjay but even with a large appearance on Gale's part I got little insight into him as a person, who he is, or what makes him tick.  Peeta and Haymitch  took on the appearance of placeholders waiting for the real characters I once loved to appear.<br /><br />The climax of  all the action turned into a  \\"been there done that\\"  on a much larger scale.<br /><br />Mockingjay never recaptured the original relationships that enthralled me form the very beginning of the trilogy...with the exception of Prim, Katniss's little sis, who we get to see a little more clearly. I warmed up to a couple of the new characters in this book but the only attachments I have with the main characters are harbored feeling from the previous two books.<br /><br />There was so much potential for the personal relationships to get revved back up again but every time a spark flared it was quickly smothered with more planning, fighting, and casualties. When Peeta finally shows up I start thinking Alright here we go!... but no.... Katniss and Peeta have minimal interaction through out the entire book. The big question of who Katniss will choose, Gale or Peeta?, And how will in come about?, was dragged out through the pages of this book without much light on the subject until the very end. I got the impression that Collins was trying to convince me how little it mattered who Katniss choose and why.<br />In the end I felt like I'd been hoodwinked. It reminded of a timeshare sales pitch where they lure you in with nice words like shiny new car or big screen TV... just to find out that all they want to do is sell you a condo you can use one week out of the year.<br /><br />I love the first two books and I will try to keep them in good memory. Although Mockingjay had some of the page turning qualities of its predecessors, it just doesn't compare to the first two Hunger Games that left me hungry for more.use one week out of the year.    I love the first two books and I will try to keep them in good memory. Although Mockingjay had some of the page turning qualities of its predecessors, it just doesn't compare to the first two Hunger Games that left me hungry for more.
B002VZC9CY|5.0|I was blown away---I read of this album in the Wall Street Journal and bought it on that recommendation.  I had never heard of her or her music tll then and now.  It gets better every time I listen.    Of course I am not a music critic or even an expert.  I just enjoy.----so may you.
B000002KLP|3.0|With a refined and relentless aim to conquer America's young-blooded airwaves, early-era Prince beginning to hit a stride will always emit joyful screams of lustful rock-pop energy, but this over-cited example, like so many others, proves to be more a template of sweetened, if underdeveloped, grooves for Prince to prance around and preen in.
B003L77TZI|3.0|Katy Perry's second album, \\"Teenage Dream,\\" showed promise with her singles, but ultimately falls short as a whole album. Many songs either have a good beat with ok lyrics or vice versa. There are a few good songs in the mix that seem to make up for the other songs. Something that bothered me was the music style. The songs seemed to be random and non-coherent. It was like 2 cds were combined into one. Half were techno/dance music and the other half were more pop. They didn't mesh well. It should have been split into 2 separate albums. Overall, the album is good, but not great nor amazing. I would suggest buying singles instead. 3/5      01) Teenage Dream - 4.5/5  \\"Teenage Dream\\" is about a woman who's new love makes her feel like a teen again, a time where most romantic things happen for the first time and feelings are exaggerated and intense.    \\"Teenage Dream\\" has a good melody that feels \\"vintage\\" and makes you reminisce. The lyrics are simple, but sweet. I would say this is my favorite song in the album.    02) Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.) - 2.5/5  \\"Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)\\" is about a girl, waking up the morning after, remembering all the partying and wild things she did the previous night.    \\"Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)\\" is a party girl's anthem. I'm not a fan of the lyrics, but I did like the beat. I suppose it'd make a good song to play during a party.    03) California Gurls (feat. Snoop Dogg) - 4/5  \\"California Gurls\\" is about -well- girls in California and how they seem to be everything anyone would ever want to be.    \\"California Gurls\\" is a catchy song that makes you really wanna go to the beach, have a couple drinks, and chill. There are some annoying parts in the song though. \\"Oooooh oh oooooh\\" in the song is too sharp and makes me wince whenever I hear it as well as her comments to Snoop Dogg in the 3rd verse. Other than that, the song is catchy, fun, and lively - it's the perfect summer song.     04) Firework - 1.5/5  \\"Firework\\" is about encouraging everyone to be themselves and shine.    \\"Firework\\" has potential to be a catchy tune, unfortunately, it's a bit boring. It seems to need some more \\"oompfh\\" to be good. When lyrics are simple, there needs to be a good beat to back it up. It's a forgettable song and the weakest on the album.     05) Peacock - 2.5/5  \\"Peacock\\" is a song about a girl urging a guy to show her his \\"peacock.\\"    \\"Peacock\\" would probably be played in a dance club. For some reason, the song sounds like it belongs in Gwen Stefani's \\"Love. Angel. Music. Baby.\\" album. If you ignore the blatant innuendos, it's a good beat to dance to.     06) Circle The Drain - 2.5/5  \\"Circle The Drain\\" is about a girl having enough and finally leaving her drug-addicted boyfriend. This song is supposedly about Katy's ex, Travis McCoy.    \\"Circle The Drain\\" has lyrics that seem heartfelt. The downfall is the beat. A deep song like this should have a simple melody. A more classical approach with cellos and some word-choice changes to match would have been wonderful. The techno beat, though dark, seems out of place and ruins the song. I give it points for the genuine lyrics alone.     07) The One That Got Away - 3.5/5  \\"The One That Got Away\\" is about reminiscing after hearing the current news about an ex and wishing the relationship had never ended.    \\"The One That Got Away\\" is a nice song with cute lyrics. Katy does sound tired and her voice is hoarse - like she sang this song last after recording all day. She also sings a bit off-key during the chorus. In the end, the song is above-average and could do better if it were re-recorded with fresh vocals.    08) E.T. - 3/5  \\"E.T.\\" is about a girl who's lusting for someone who's opposite from her. They reference aliens, but basically it's about a girl lusting over a guy from a different social circle.     \\"E.T.\\" has a very catchy beat. It's almost hypnotic. Then you actually listen to the lyrics and think \\"WTF???\\" The alien lyrics ruin the song for me. If there were better word choices (aliens are NOT sexy), the song would be much better.     09) Who Am I Living For? - 4/5  \\"Who Am I Living For?\\" is a song about being the one that speaks out from the crowd in someone's defense and how it's not easy, but being a savior never is.    \\"Who Am I Living For?\\" is a good song. It reminds me of St. Vincent's \\"Paris Is Burning\\" - a song I absolutely love - though not as strong. Katy's voice does seem strained in some parts. This song is one of the better ones on the album.    10) Pearl - 3.5/5  \\"Pearl\\" is about a girl who's in an abusive relationship and how if she leaves him (comes out of her shell) she would be a \\"pearl\\" with all her great attributes.    \\"Pearl\\" is a darker song that goes well with \\"Who Am I Living For?\\" but while the song tries to be really deep, it could have better metaphor choices. The \\"revelation\\" at the end is a nice addition. An slightly above-average song.    11) Hummingbird Heartbeat - 2.5/5  \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" is about being with someone who makes your heart beat like crazy whenever you think of or are around him or her.    \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" starts off rough. \\"You make me feel like I'm losing my virginity\\" is not really a way to start a song off. I'd be embarrassed if I played the cd and someone else was in the room while that song came on. It could have been worded better, so it didn't sound so forced. Other than that, it has a good uplifting beat, but the lyrics are funny how hard they try to disguise the sexual meanings with hummingbirds. It's a cheesy song, but it's alright.     12) Not Like The Movies - 4.5/5  \\"Not Like The Movies\\" is about a girl who's being proposed to, and to her disappointment, she's not feeling those \\"magical\\" feelings that are depicted in fairy tales and movies.    \\"Not Like The Movies\\" is similar to \\"Teenage Dream\\" where there's a \\"vintage\\" feel to it. The simple melody accompanies the song well and showcases Katy's voice. There is some strain, but overall, seemsvery \\"true\\" to her singing abilities (without alterations) which I like.  The song makes me think that somehow it could be the future of the couple in \\"Teenage Dream\\" - a \\"Teenage Dream II?\\" It's probably not, but that's just how I think when listening since the melodies seem similar. The lyrics really appealed to me making it a good, solid song to end the album.
B003L77TZI|5.0|First saw Katy Perry perform on MTV Unplugged.  Loved her performance so much, that I vowed to purchase the album if there was one.  I have played it over and over.  Couldn't wait to get her latest release, \\"Teenage Dream\\".  There isn't a bad song on the album.  \\"Teenage Dream\\", \\"Last Friday Night\\" , \\"California Gurls\\" and \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" are my favorites.  They are summertime, windows open, top down driving songs.  The two \\"hidden\\" tracks, remixes of \\"California Gurls\\" and \\"Teenage Dream\\", are a nice extra.  All in all, a really good album.  This will definitely spend alot of time in my car.
0446563048|5.0|The first time I ordered something from Zappos they did the complementary next-day delivery.  I had heard about how great they were and they didn't disappoint.  I became an instant fan. I stared reading more and more about Zappos and Tony.  Then one day I was in Vegas for a meeting and took a few hours to tour Zappos.  Everything in the book about Zappos and the customer (and employee) focused culture that Tony created is 100% true.  Tony gets it, has a company that gets it and he teaches his reader how to get it.  And, it's fun to read.<br /><br />-- Shep Hyken, New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestselling author of \\"The Amazement Revolution: Seven Customer Service Strategies to Create Amazing Customer (and Employee) Experiences.\\"
B003EYVXTG|5.0|\\"Winter's Bone\\" is an excellent movie about a depressing bunch of characters. 17-year-old Ree's Dad is out of jail on bond and seems likely to skip his trial date. Unfortunately for Ree, her two kid siblings and her catatonic Ma, Dad put up the family shack and land for his bond. If he doesn't show, they lose what little they have. Set in the Missouri Ozarks, the film depicts the harsh living and harsher culture of the hill people who inhabit that part of the world. Men are vicious, women are horny-tough, kids grow up with no options but cooking meth, and the law exists only to the degree that the locals allow it to. To find her Dada and save the family home, Ree has to run counter to every unwritten, yet iron-clad, rule and assumption. The sense of risk, menace and distrust is palpable in every scene. Even family and neighbors can be counted on just so much for support.<br /><br />Jennifer Lawrence, as Ree, is a standout. Whether facing down the local sheriff or tenderly showing her brother and sister how to skin a squirrel, she is real and affecting. And John Hawkes, as Ree's rough-hewn uncle, strikes the perfect balance between wanting to help his nice and needing to heed the rule of the hills to save his own neck.<br /><br />\\"Winter's Bone\\" is just about perfect, as a film, but not a movie to see if you need an emotional lift.
031606792X|3.0|I was pleased and displeased with this particular item. The book itself is in very good shape (new), but the service is what displeased me. The shipping took over a week, and the book didn't come in a box - I'm all for saving cardboard, but when one has to tear off the layers of paper taped (excessively) around the book makes things difficult. While one tries to unwrap the book, it's difficult to avoid ripping/damaging the cover sleeve in the process.
B001OQCV2O|2.0|You should really tell people that this is NOT a standard blue ray dish..and its must have a RB-rom unit or It will  NOT play,,,this really should be told...
0545123275|5.0|I (30 something) enjoyed this book. Great for teens and adults.  Fun, out of the box thinking!Can't wait to read LINGER!
B002ZG997C|1.0|this is like the fifth time this has happened. for some reason i recevied two of these items and charged twice for them. the last time i sent the item back. this time i just dont have the time to do it. please stop double billing me.
0545265355|5.0|Because I was such a fan of Suzanne Collins' The Underland Chronicles (also known as the Gregor the Overlander series), I picked up The Hunger Games the first week it was out and I feel privileged in a way to not only have read this series as it unfolded, but to have witnessed its climb in popularity over the last 2 years. That popularity is richly deserved.<br /><br />Collins is both a talented writer and a gifted storyteller, two things that do not always go hand in hand. In The Hunger Games trilogy, she has created characters that will stay with me and has given them a hard and difficult story that will haunt me. She also managed to keep the quality of the series high throughout which is not always the case with a book series.<br /><br />At the conclusion of book three - Mockingjay - Collins hasn't wrapped everything up in a neat little bow and slapped a happy face sticker on the bow's ribbon ends nor, IMHO, should she have done so. Instead, Collins provides a conclusion that suits the story, that left room for my internal `if-onlys', `what-ifs', `I-wonders' and `but-what-abouts', but that I also found satisfying.<br /><br />I consider The Hunger Games trilogy to be a great accomplishment for Collins and a true classic for both teen and adult readers of both sexes. I'm very pleased to give it a permanent place on my-favorite-books-of-all-time shelf where, coincidentally, it will sit right alongside The Underland Chronicles.<br /><br />Very, very highly recommended.<br /><br />Note: Prices will vary, but you may want to price the books out to see if you'll get a better deal buying them separately. As I write this, you will, so if you're not really committed to the box...  :-)
0439023513|1.0|I loved the first book thought the second was likable but now this is just sad and disappointing. I felt it was different from the first two by a large stretch and it was just boring at times. Yes it's way gritter but it was unbearable at times which isn't her fault I understand why it has to be there but I rather read about the characters and let's not forget about Katniss she was just unbearable in this book. I honestly wouldn't recommend to this anyone. But I'm glad others liked it. I sure didn't ! I'm really mad at this time but I'll maybe give it another star when I've read it again or not. Depressing is what this book is and I understand the circumstance but where's the light ? Anyways the epilogue was even worse then Deathly Hallows. Thanks for reading !
0439023513|5.0|The Hunger Games is my favorite series and I think Mockingjay finishes the series well.  This isn't a happy book.  Bad things seem to happen at every turn.  Character's we've come to care about die.  But I think it is a fitting ending for the series.  Plenty of people have written spoiler reviews so I'll stay away from that.  I simply think this is a powerful, sad, heart-warming, anxiety causing book and end to the series.  I stayed up and finished reading it in one night and I still can't stop thinking about it.  Is this book perfect?  No.  Some plot points are a bit ridiculous and far-fetched.  Is this the perfect ending for the series?  For me..yes.  The Hunger Games series is my number 1 favorite series and I would recommend it to to anyone of any age or gender.
B003JTHESA|4.0|At first I was not enjoying this album at all. After paying more attention to the musicianship, it has actually turned out to be a fantastic album for me. Although I do agree that Bruce seems to be running out gas in bits and pieces of certain songs, but can you blame him? He's been belting out those voice ripping classics as the front man of this band for nearly 20+ years. Can you say (wear and tear)... Anyhow, Nicko really kicks ass once again with his drumming, and as for Mr. Harris, his bass is ever more present in this album than any of the others. As for the trio, I was a little disappointed with the guitar melodies\harmonies. I know they can do a whole lot better than this, and actually, if they can ditch the celtic sounding melodies for lets say; flamencan or classical influence guitar riffs as on the old days ala POM or PS; we might have a winner.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I bought this product because I was testing Amazon.com. When my product arrived before the stimated time I put it in the Playstation 3 and played very well... I played this film (blu-ray and DVD) on a Playstation 3 and was very well to watch !!!
0439023513|4.0|While this book was very good and had an excellent plot line it was just not in the same league as the first two books. Some of the better things about this book was the development of some of the secondary characters such as Beetee and Finnick who I thought were brilliant and added a lot of depth to the book. However, Peeta in this book was really disappointing he didn't really do much the whole book and never actually revered from his \\"hijacking\\" so we never saw more than a few small glimpses of the old Peeta and his character development seemed counterproductive. Another disappointing aspect of the book was that it could have been so much better at some points like when we are reaching the climax and a lot of characters have died to get Katniss to the mansion she just gets burned and wakes up to find out that her whole journey to get into the capitol was pointless. I also did not like the fact that after Cinna is dragged away in Catching Fire and we are unsure about what his fate is but in the first chapter we simply find out he was killed in interrogation so I don't see how it added to the book to keep us wondering about that just to not do anything with it. The only other problem I had with the book was when they decided to do the Capitol games after they decided nothing else was said about them at all. Anyways it may sound like this is a negative review but I thought this was a very exciting book with an awesome plot I just find it is easier to write about what you didn't like than what you did. So, in conclusion this is a great book and defiantly worth buying but not quite in league with the first two books.
0393057240|3.0|..and speaking of books that were *way* overrated on initial publication, I submit this as the most unjustly overpraised book of the nineties. Film hasn't aged too well either. (caveat Ewan McGregor.)
B0012GMXBK|5.0|Of the big 3 must own Accept albums I must say that this one and Restless are neck and neck for the best.  Balls is a close third but you really need all 3 and maybe a single song downloads of BULLETPROOF and SON OF A BIT*H and you'll have Accept bout covered.  Accept are easier to dismiss than most with their silly lyrics that are down right hiliarious at times but doing so is at ones own loss.  This band is plan and simple a pleasure to listen too and VERY high quality on the big 3 albums.  I saw these dudes in concert way back in the day and it is absolutely not an arguement that UDO is one of the best lead singers metal has seen.  That little camo clad troll on stage is CLASSIC in every sense of the word.<br /><br />You cannot define underated metal band any better than Accept.  Period.
B00006FDCJ|5.0|Great movie! If you're a Clint Eastwood fan like me, I guaruntee that you'll love it.
B003F3NDOE|5.0|I was so happy to receive my pre-ordered item and received it two days ahead of the estimated delivery date.  Thank you so much for the speedy delivery.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|After that, I couldn't put it down and it was a total 5.  I finished it today and already downloaded catching fire to my kindle. If it's as good as this book then I doubt I will be getting any sleep until I have finished catching fire or the next one!
1401310400|4.0|Nikki Heat, the newest character from acclaimed writer Richard Castle, is a tough New York detective saddled with an annoying magazine writer by the name of Jameson Rook. Pulitzer Prize-winning Rook is writing an article about New York's finest and through his friendship with the mayor managed to pull enough strings to get permission to follow the exploits of Heat and her team of top detectives as they work the case of a real estate tycoon who took a header off his balconey. Amidst a record-breaking heat wave in the city, Heat must navigate the seemingly unconnected crimes of an assault on the tycoon's trophy wife, the theft of a multi-million-dollar art collection, and a second murder, all the while sifting through the many suspects who had something to gain from each crime. Not to mention the spark of attraction she feels towards Rook, despite, or perhaps because of, his charmingly irritating ways. Which will combust first, the city or Heat and Rook's chemistry?<br /><br />Okay, so substitute all the character names from the t.v. show Castle for the characters in this book and you have an episode of the show, pretty much. As I was reading, I could see Nathan Fillion as Rick Castle as Jameson Rook interacting with Stana Katic as Kate Beckett as Nikki Heat. Is that a bad thing? Well, if you enjoy Castle as much as I do, then no, it's not a bad thing. What we have with Heat Wave is an inoffensive police procedural mystery with a marginal amount of blood and violence (just enough to get the job done), only a little bit of sex (but nothing graphic--what a shock), and no cursing (which is an even bigger shock), which makes for a nice change. Is it realistic? No. Is it fun and fluffy book, enjoyable and easy to read? Yes. Am I looking forward to the next Nikki Heat novel by \\"Richard Castle\\"? Hell yes.
B002BWP4A6|5.0|Do see it. It is the type of movie that transports you to a particular place and time rendered so real you almost feel like you were there and witness to events. Lingering in my mind many days after viewing this movie are remarkable black and white images of villagers and a small country town in northern Germany at the dawn of the Great War. But the village has been there, mostly unchanged, for countless years. The story is narrated by a man who was the town school teacher and who is haunted himself by the events of many years ago. More than images are feelings I can't articulate. Well what I naturally thought as I watched the story unfold was that I was witnessing the dark side of country village life--obviously and to say the least! Claustrophobia, menace, paranoia, gossip, hatred, sadism, stupidity.. all these human vices present in that small world. The mystery that comes to cast a shadow over the lives of the villagers is, in the end, not so much about who did what, it seems to me anyway, but why. Is there an obvious why to evil. The White Ribbon is a dark tale, told exceptionally well, and worth setting time aside to fully experience uninterrupted. I do like that there is one lovely ray of light for our narrator. I was wondering if he had taken her to the lake with less than \\"honorable\\" intentions what may have happened. Maybe nothing. I don't think the supernatural was at work, just corrupted, misguided people.
B0015DROBO|5.0|I downloaded this book for free.....would have paid full price! Enjoyed it enough to read the next two books. I see that there were others who read it and didn't care for it. I'm sorry to hear that as it is really an excellent book.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|This movie is ok I guess. It's really not great. I was generous enough to give it 3 stars because of all the eye candy. Other than that, it's not a really good movie.
0321344758|5.0|Do I like the book?  Yes, an easy to read and simple book with easy to learn methods.    Do I recommend you to read this book?  Yes, if you are a beginner in web usability looking to start your career or you are just interested in the subject in general and want to take a quick look then this book is perfect for you.  The book sets you in track then offers a list of other great books to read so you can continue your journey.    A thank you to author.
B00005LMBK|5.0|This fun, experimental album is a must have! Its' blend of musical styles and genres offers something for everyone... and anyone wishing to explore Gorillaz' music should definitely start here!
6305736650|5.0|Got it in less time that I was expecting it. Great condition. Watched it with no problems!
B003HKN52A|5.0|This was a fabulous DVD. Elvis fans have been waiting for years for this movie to be out on DVD. Good quality. I was disappointed that there was no bonus footage - that was the only complaint. I pre-ordered the DVD and it arrived a day earlier than I expected. Good Job!
0061914177|5.0|I received this book as a gift and just finished it yesterday.  I found the writing to be very real and very motivating.  It was fun to read and I finished the book feeling like I know Gary.    It is also a good resource for social networking and business.  It's nice to read about Gary's success while being so authentic and true to what he calls his DNA.    I'm looking forward to his next book.
0307474712|5.0|'One Day' is one of those books where I scrambled to read it before the movie comes out so I can sniff haughtily and say, \\"the book was better.\\"  And, as good as the movie promises to be, it'll be hard to top the book...even with David Nicholls himself penning the screenplay.  One of Nicholls' previous works ([[ASIN:B000F9RK2M A Question of Attraction : A Novel]]) became a very good movie ([[ASIN:B00005JPOH Starter for 10]]).  Let's hope the same thing happens here.  Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess are inspired choices for Emma and Dexter.  Does anyone do the - 'whoa, suddenly beautiful!' thing better than Anne Hathaway?  Doubtful.  That's the essence of Emma - the low-key beauty, the 'dark horse' as her flatmate calls her - who sneaks up the rail to surprise and steal hearts, not only of Dexter but of readers as well.<br /><br />I'm typically leery of a novel that stretches past 400 pages (bloat alert), but 'One Day' (US paperback edition) consists of 434 splendidly written observations and dialog that go down super smoothly.  In fact, for many people 'One Day' is appropriately named: given a sufficient block of time, you can devour it in a single setting.  You'll certainly be motivated to do so.  To write material that is that irresistible is mark of a truly great fiction writer.  As fan Nick Hornby writes on his blog, 'One Day' is \\"big, absorbing, smart, and fantastically readable.\\" Well done, David Nicholls!
B0035G9ABG|5.0|Plastic Beach may be my favorite Gorillaz album yet! It's unique blend of styles and moods are fantastic! The fact that this is also a very thoughtful album should not go unnoticed. The making of Plastic Beach DVD and the additional concept art this \\"experience edition\\" features was more than worth the extra money! A must have for any Gorillaz fan!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|We absolutely love this film! It is positive and heat-warming, with a good message. Amazing acting done by Kiera Knightly! One of the best movies I've seen in a long time!
B000WQW988|5.0|Love this concert...remaster it, do some media about it and get it out on Blu-ray. We get a nice moment in time and MTV can get their $$...which is what they whored out to in the end anyways.
0800130928|5.0|I'm not capable to say, as many people says, if Travis, this taxi driver, is a madman or is more sane than the majority. But for me, one thing is clear: he will kill more times. Why this conclusion?  Well, Travis finds in his lonely life only a beautiful woman, the really superb Cybill Sepherd, which for me represents life or Eros. But after the sordid incident of the X rated cinema and the killings, Travis carries another more  time this woman in his taxi until her home: I think a clear invitation, really difficult to resist for any man.   But Travis although polite, rejects these opportunity of love and life, and the film ends in following with his taxi in search I think, of more problems, Thanatos or the death.
B00082IJ08|5.0|This album is absolutely wonderful! A must-have for any Gorillaz fan! Each song is unique, and the blend of musical styles and genres offers something for any and all musical tastes!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Definite satisfaction! I stayed up late to wait for the preorder download for my kindle. Although Im sad its over now. Sigh.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|As I write this, it is 10:53 p.m. I finally finished the book. After reading four HUNDRED freaking pages since 6:30 this morning, I finally finished it. And let me tell you, the time spent reading those four hundred freaking pages was the one of the best moments of my short time here on Earth (Okay, so maybe I'm overreacting a little bit here, but I've been waiting for this book for like, FOREVER.). This book literally left me numb and shaking as read the words &#34;the end,&#34; and for a moment I thought I was going to cry, since this meant the end of the genius that is The Hunger Games series.    Okay, now that I'm done gushing over the book, let's get down to business. Despite the fact that it was an EPIC end to the series, it was nothing like the first, which was flawless in my opinion. After all, nothing beats the first book of the series, which grabbed all of our attention in the first place. The thing about The Hunger Games that made it so amazing was that it kept us entertained for the entire book. I don't think that there was one boring part in that book, especially once the games began. However, Mockingjay does get the tinniest bit slow during the middle of the book. Of course, Collins does a good job of throwing in little twists in the plot to recapture our attention. Believe me, there were moments in the middle of the book where I was stunned at the end of a chapter, thinking, &#34;Oh my God. That did NOT just happen.&#34; (Like [spoiler alert!] when Katniss and Peeta finally reunite. You'd think that the scene would be very emotional, with the two of them crying in each other's arms, but instead Peeta nearly kills her. On purpose. I was definately not expecting THAT.). When you read this book, be warned: everything you think will happen, doesn't. Everything you think won't, will.   Also, I found the fact that Katniss was being used as a celebrity and actress instead of the strong warrior we all knew her to be a little annoying at first. I like my maincharacters strong and unbreakable. Instead, Mockingjay pretty much shows Katniss's downward spiral into insanity, as she cracks under the pressure that this war with the Capitol is throwing on her. But strangely, I found this weakened form of Katniss very refreshing. It made her more human. Sure, strong characters are fun to cheer on, but their not very realistic. I mean, come on. I don't think that there is a person on this planet who wouldn't break down, cry, hide in a closet, and be tagged as &#34;mentally unstable&#34; if they went through the things that Katniss did. Just like the rest of us, we realize that Katniss (and Gale, and Peeta, and Finnick) are not super-humans.    Then there's the love triangle issue. Man, was I confused when it came to the romance in this series. I mean, one minute Katniss was kissing Peeta, and the next she was making out with Gale. Personally, I liked her better with Gale than Peeta, but by the time I got to the ending of Mockingjay, I had changed my mind. You start to see a darker side to Gale in this book. Of course, you also see a much darker side to Peeta, due to his horrifying past experiences with the Capitol.   I must say, that the best part of the book by far was the ending. In fact, the ending to Mockingjay was more explosive than any other in the trilogy. Literally. Honestly, if reading about legs being blown off people and strange monsters tearing people to pieces makes you woozy, this may not be the book for you, because that's only the beginning. It gets worse. MUCH worse. Lucky for us Collins doesn't go on and on about details when it comes to battle wounds. I've lately been hearing rumors about the series hitting the big screen. If it does, I'll be begging to see it, but I don't know if I'll be able to watch the gory action without puking.     Anywho, the ending of Mockingjay is gruesome, and definately not like your usual happy ending. If you can call it happy. Here's a tip: when you read this book, don't get too attached to the side characters. The majority of them will die. Sorry.    However, I don't think Collins could have came up with a better ending for the series. At first, I thought that the book would end with Katniss getting loaded with hero worship by her fans, as she relaxed with her family back home. But yet again, Collins gives us a twist. (Spoiler alert!) Instead, Katniss ends up with ZERO hero worship, a court case, and several nights contemplating whether or not she wants to commit suicide.     But strangely enough, the ending just felt...right. I mean, we don't always see a happy ending in real life, so in a way, Collins once again makes the story more realistic. Besides, things do brighten up a little bit after the epic finale.       My opinion? Buy. This. Book. You won't be sorry. You may be tired after reading for almost 14 hours straight, but you won't be sorry.    This is Kindle Obsession, signing off.
B002ZG997M|2.0|I rented this movie since it had received such mixed reviews and now I'm glad I did; once is almost too much. At one point I thought to stop it and forget it but I was mildly curious where it was going so I did finish watching it.<br /><br />For starters I am a fan of Denzel Washington and generally appreciate the movies he's in; this was instrumental in my watching the movie in the first place. I had been warned it was dark and sometimes hard to tell what was happening but I didn't really have that problem with it.<br /><br />The movie is depressing and focuses on the seamier side of life in a world which has been destroyed by an apocalyptic event. The mankind pictured has been forced into survival mode with the survival of the strong at the expense of the weak. I was reminded of the Mel Gibson Mad Max series so if you liked those you'll probably like this one too. I didn't like those either.<br /><br />I would strongly recommend trying this movie out before buying; having seen it once I really have no desire to ever see it again. I was surprised by the ending and encouraged that some people were left who had more altruistic objectives in life.<br /><br />I would not classify this as family fare.
0439023513|5.0|This was hands down the most satisfying conclusion to any series I have ever read. I love love love the way it ended and couldn't ask for anything better. I feel with Harry Potter Rowling lost a little of her magic and Breaking Dawn was submitted by a crack head so I steeled myself for the worst possible outcome because I obsessively fell in love with this series. And it seems that other not-so-well-known series always end so awkwardly or so terribly. Mockingjay does not fumble the ball. It kept me on the edge of my seat just as much(if not more) as the other 2 books in the series. Collins raises the stakes in the rebellion and delivers a bloodbath of a finale...where absolutely no character is safe. This falls right into step with the tone and pace that heightened the previous books. It's dark, suspicious and you can't trust anyone! It is a roller coaster of a ride but gut-wrenching and epic. There are lengthy times where major characters disappear from the story telling...which is one of my only MINOR gripes. Oh, also, I love that Collins has not been 'fading to black' in this series...I hate in YA lit where something gruesome happens and they just eliminate it from the tale all together...the 'dreaded fade to black' I call it. We stay right there and see all Katniss sees, good or bad the whole time. God, I could hug Collins for his refreshing narrative. Katniss is still an amazing character; I loved being in her head seeing things from her perspective. My jaw dropped numerous times and tears welled up throughout Mockingjay. Hats off for a great finale. I can sleep well tonight...oh and MY TEAM WON!!! (/end fangirl) Sorry this review is so scatter brained I'm still coming off of reading for 7 hours...it was a great read. HIGHLY recommended.
0143118420|5.0|Eat, Pray, Love is one of the most brilliant books I have read in a while. It has the power to energize ones spiritual life and put balance into just about any one who reads it. What an incredible blend of truth and honesty, healing and humor she has exhibited. In a time when so many experience what Elizabeth Gilbert experienced, she has set an excellent example of one who refused to let bitterness take root in her life. This book handles spirituality with such tenderness that it positions most faiths into a safe, accepting environment. She depicts her travels in a vivid display of colorful history and interesting, entertaining facts about the people and places she visits.
B003954I9C|5.0|i love this cd. i've AJ with the BSB so many times and I'm thrilled he has his solo cd out.
1597801585|1.0|I can't believe how many reviews I've seen that describe the prose in this book as good or stylish.  The writing style had neither flair nor flavor nor even the virtues of economy or understatement.  Instead, the writer used thousands of sentence fragments, creating a choppy flow to his narrative.  Many paragraphs had only one or two complete sentences accompanied with five or six sentence fragments.  This might work for stream of consciousness, but not for this type of book.  The only thing he did to create flavor in the story was throw in frequent references to Buddhism or Thai culture in a clumsy attempt to add an air of exotic mystery.  The fact that this worked for so many readers makes me think the expectations in science fiction are shockingly low.      In any case, the author still manages to generate interesting enough ideas and tell them in interesting enough ways to keep the reader going for a while.      Nothing seemed terribly original, however.  People today throw around a lot of scary speculations about the future of genetically engineered food; this writer incorporates those, plus the idea that we might run out of fuel and not have a good alternative (another much discussed topic).  Hardly unique notions, and as many readers have pointed out, the science he employs is just downright bad and contradictory in many places.  Yet this book is repeatedly praised as being unique, original, visionary.  How so??      As for characters -- They are just flat stereotypes, i.e.  -- heroic man's man champion fighter who is now fighting for the good ;  greedy corrupt businessman; scheming politicians; and of course, female characters are barely present, but there there MUST be a sexbot.  Ok, not QUITE a robot -- the author never says much about what went into making the sexbot, but describing her as a beautiful windup girl with jerky robotic movements says enough, I think (though again this seems odd considering that she's supposed to be the product of genetic engineering -- I suppose the writer just liked the sexbot image.)  Oh, and then also describing her (repeatedly) as having doglike loyalty, being genetically engineered to ALWAYS ENJOY SEX no matter how demeaning or painful, well -- the worst possible sci fi cliches about women are at play her.  Hasn't the sexbot stereotype in Sci-fi been beaten to death enough yet?  Can't we have main female characters in this day and age who are human beings, not sexbots or sexy aliens or sex workers/prostitutes?  Just you know -- people -- who also happen to be female?      Setting the feminist concern aside for a moment, the science again is terrible -- mixing Labrador genes in with human ones will NOT produce a sexy girl who is eager to please.  There are too many problems with this idea to even get into at this point, but putting the feminist lens back on again for a moment, why on earth did the author have to choose to write about a sexbot?  He could have easily had some other form of genetically engineered person in the story.  For one thing, it seems extremely unlikely, given the state of technology in the world in this book, that we could do something as complex as creating a person who would do and think whatever we wanted.  But even if we COULD do such a thing, we'd come up with many other uses for the technology.  We MIGHT make some sexbots.  Probably not, given the number of starving people in this world (plenty of easy cheap sex available) and the cost of making the sexbot.  We'd probably put far more energy into creating other variations of made-to-order people, such as soldiers or servants or slaves.  Yet these ideas barely appeared in the book and only off page.  Why?  I think it's because the author just likes sexbots, and he wanted to put one in the book.  Because it was fun for him.  Or maybe because he thought it would sell books.  But it certainly wasn't necessary for any part of the story.      The plot doesn't seem to tie together well -- the characters seem toflow along with an unexpected course of events that doesn't fulfill any of their goals and I kept wondering while I read why any of these characters were even relevant to the book.  Their stories didn't seem to have anything to do with a larger plot as a whole.            In any case, if this had been a mid-list book, I'd have quit halfway through.  I pushed myself to the end because this book has won awards and has a major display in every bookstore.  I figured there must be something great in there somewhere, but there wasn't.        Now I'm just sad and scared for the genre.  I know this isn't as good as it gets.  I know much better books were published last year.  The fact that we seem unable to identify and praise good writing but instead heap all our accolades on this type of book  makes me think the genre is in major trouble.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I received a used copy of Michael Jackson's \\"This Is It\\" and couldn't be more pleased.  It's in perfect condition and was very pleased with the price.  Thanks, Amazon, for being there!!
B002N5N5M0|4.0|MAJOR SPOILERS ALERT!  BE WARNED!    I don't subscribe to Showtime, so I always look forward to a new season of \\"Dexter\\" on DVD, and this, the fourth, didn't disappoint (although I did have a few issues that I'll mention in a moment).    First off, the good: John Lithgow.  Believe the hype (and the Golden Globes and Emmy win); he's amazing as the Trinity killer, a 3-plus-decades-long murder machine.  The scenes with his family are beyond creepy.  Other reviewers have mentioned the Thanksgiving episode, and I agree that it was the best of the season.  When things start to go awry at the dinner table and Lithgow suddenly blurts out to his wife, \\"Shut up, c*nt,\\" my mouth fell open.  Although his story arc ends, he was vital to this season's excellence.    More good: Dexter's foul-mouthed sister Deb, who really came into her own this season; the romance between Batista and LaGuerta; the adorable baby they used as Dexter's new son.    And for the not-so-good: the writers really need to work on the domestic scenes.  Dexter's wife Rita has become a one-note character, expressing frustration in almost every scene with Dexter's inability to open up to her.  Everytime we see her, she is either driving somewhere, holding a baby, or pushing a stroller.  So, whereas I wasn't exactly thrilled she ended up dead in a bathtub at the end, I will be interested in seeing where the story goes next season without her presence.    One last not-so-good: I notice that \\"Dexter\\" tends to drag just a little bit in the middle of each season.  If you don't believe me, compare the last two or three episodes with, for example, the fifth or sixth.  The same thing happened last year with the Jimmy Smits storyline.  I suppose it's just the nature of the storytelling, but some tighter writing might liven things up a bit.    All in all, time well spent.  The new season starts in September, and while I won't see it until it arrives on DVD, sometime next year I suppose, I can't wait to see what they havein store!
B000FVQM2Y|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie and it grabbed me within the first few minutes.  For the fan of film noir, this movie's archetypical charaters, dialogue, and pace will be familiar.  Sometimes it may seem too over-the-top, but I saw this as being part of the parody.  There's some negative reviews out there, and that's fine, but from a few that I read, it seems as though a lot of people weren't aware of the parodic stance of the film.<br /><br />I will give this warning out to people who have yet to see \\"Brick\\": you cannot be a passive viewer.  The dialogue is fast and littered with jive, the story takes a lot of turns, and the story has a pretty quick tempo.  If you wait for it to come to you, you'll be left in the cold.<br /><br />I feel slighted that this movie came and went and I did not know about it until the other day.  I really, really enjoyed this one.
B001SMC91M|5.0|Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears are an eight-piece, garage-soul ensemble featuring groove-laden guitars, penetrating brass and a fiery frontman who exudes power and attitude.<br />Experiencing the raw energy of Black Joe's performances, accompanied by the Honeybears' masterful backing is the equivalent of a kick to the stomach. Their gut-shot style, draws directly from their classic soul, R&B and blues influences. Inspiration from artists such as Otis Redding and The Bar-Kays, James Brown and Lightning Hopkins are clearly present in their songs and live shows, but Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears inject a full-tilt, unabashedly brash element to this old-school style. This band is fresh,innovative, old school r&b/blues/soul band. LOVE THEM!
B00260HH3K|2.0|This movie does not follow any part of the over 300 episodes in the entire Dragonball series. I'm wondering if any person on this movie has even heard of Dragonball before signing on to it. Besides not following the series, the acting and special effects really do not deliver. The KamiHamiHa looks as bad as a scene fromt the Last Airbender. This movie does raise some questions that fans of the Dragonball series have. Why is Goku white with an asian grandfather? Why is Piccolo portrayed as being thousands of years old? How can Goku become the Oozaru without his tail? Why is Piccolo foreign to Goku when in the series Goku defeated him when Goku was a child? Why does Master Roshi not have his beard and bald head? That's the problem with these anime made-to-real-life movies. You simply cannot take a series that has so many episodes/sagas and cram it into a 90 minute flick. It seems that this movie was only made for kids/teenagers who don't understand the Dragonball series. Kids may enjoy the movie but I would not recommend this to any anime fan.
0439023513|5.0|Loved the first two books in the Hunger Games series.  The third will be even better.  That Ms. Collins roots the third story in the Greek myth,Theseus and the Minatour, particulary fascinates me since I just read an incredible essay on Theseus and the Minatour by Lee Child in Thrillers: 100 Must-Reads, a collection of 100 essays on stories that have impacted modern thrillers.  This book is edited by David Morell of Rambo fame.  There are a lot of gems in Thrillers 100: Must-Reads.  Here's the connection with Mockingjay.  Lee Childs relates Theseus and the Minatour to Dr. No by Ian Fleming of James Bond fame.  Child claims that it's essentially the same story.  And nowe we have an even more modern version in Mockingjay! Thank you, Ms. Collins.[[ASIN:1933515562 Thrillers: 100 Must-Reads]]
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This is a book that will not just be populaur today but in the future. It is exciting, emotional, and thrilling all at the same time, worthy of being the conclusion to this trilogy.
B00005UPNK|5.0|Unfortunately, I did not know of \\"regions\\" when purchasing a DVD from Amazon.  Since I live in the U.S., I was not aware that purchasing a DVD from Amazon would not be compatable with my DVD player.    I just want anyone who does not know about these \\"regions\\", that you need to be aware that you can be buying a DVD, and not be able to play it on your DVD player.    The seller was gracious enough to take it back, and will refund my money.    Thank you,  Michie49415
B003CNQPNS|5.0|I am a huge Knight Rider fan. Subsequently, I also liked Airwolf. So there is no reason for me to NOT love Street Hawk. Street Hawk is the motorcycle hybrid of the two previous attack vehicles.    Street Hawk lasted only 13 episodes. The show was an excellent, entertaining show that follows the same style of Knight Rider, which maybe why it was only 13 episodes because it was too closely related and it came entirely too soon after Knight Rider.  Following an iconic shows as Knight Rider and Airwolf, viewers just got too much of the same thing.    With that said, the DVD is a 3-disc set. Personally, Shout! Factory could have condensed the episodes down to two discs with a very limited amount of special features, a third disc isn't needed. However, Street Hawk is a great buy for all fans of classic television.
B003EYVXYQ|5.0|Many Undead films after, the man who wrote the book on modern zombie films is delivering the same style, plot, low budget and very Indi-ways in his film-work; so loved and so less for recent work. Negativity peaked my curiosity and I survived to enjoy one of George's best films. I really liked it! Same Zombie problem ... new location ... an island ... a last stand between zombies and man plus a few babes ... and ...<br />Fans who forget that they hated over-bubget zombie films, should love low ball productions from The Godfather. Pretty good stuff; but down, dirty and looking good!<br />AND the BD is another knockout from Magnet with extras galore and a great A/V which is all I want!
B002ODEJYE|5.0|Pink is very talented and the concert photography, colors and music is simply great.    Received the disk sooner than the scheduled date.
B000JRYOPG|4.0|Sorry to be the only negative review but personally, I thought the movie was gratuitously violent.  Yes I know that this movie is as close to the real world of shottas as you can get. I am Jamaican and everything in this movie seems to be based on fact.  It gives you a very good idea of shotta life-style from their point of view.  All I'm saying that there was a lot of needless violence; violence put in to make the movie more gritty. A lot of people got shot in the head.  Is this shotta life? Yes it is!  It is important that we see the blood and brain matter to understand that he got shot in the head, no it isn't.      Someone else mentioned that there should be a part 2 to this movie. I agree, make a part 2, but based on the underground success of this movie, how about a part 2 that shows more points of view? It would it interesting to explore how the shotta life affects his family. Does anyone remember the famous shotta who had a brother who was an English professor?  Or how one gave his mother unlimited credit cards for Neiman Marcus in the States?     I wanted to give this movie three stars but I have to give it four just for the yardies.
B003L77TZI|5.0|well this album has pretty much everything! electronic pop, dance pop, a couple of slow ballads! it's definitely worth(more than) a measly 7.99. WORTH IT. full of hits.
B001T8G74A|5.0|Frank Darabont created this very undervalued and wonderful film, and if you listen carefully to this nostalgic piece of filmmaking, you can hear the faint echos of Frank Capra's voice. The lush cinematography with its colorful hues help create and enhance a very special movie that will leave you wondering why films like this don't get made anymore. Perhaps it's because they don't get the credit they deserve.<br /><br />Jim Carrey completely loses himself in a quiet and underplayed performance in a role which might easily have garnered him an Oscar if anyone had been watching. This is an old-style film and Carrey gives an old-style performance as Peter Appleton. After an horrific car accident, he loses his memory and is at first mistaken, then embraced, by an entire town, as Luke. Luke is the  long-missing and beloved son of both the town and Martin Landau, who gives a wonderful performance opposite Carrey.<br /><br />Adele Stanton is amazing as Laurie Holden. She is Luke's girlfriend and touchstone for all that is good about smalltown America in the 1950's. James Whitmore and David Ogden Stiers are just two of the many faces you will recognize in this magnificent film. The entire town comes together to help restore its once great movie theatre, \\"The Majestic\\", where magic once occurred every time the lights went dim. Like any Frank Capra film, Darabont's movie takes its time unfolding. The basic story is surrounded by small insights into ourselves and how we live. Does what people expect of us make us better? If we become better than who we were, where do we belong then? Peter will have to answer these questions when he remembers who he is, because he has grown to love Laurie and his father, Martin Landau. He may, in fact, no longer be Peter, at least not the old Peter.<br /><br />The town who feels betrayed by their favorite son is not the only problem Peter/Luke must deal with. Political markers of the era are a minor distraction for the viewer, as Peter returns to face a senate committee. Who he is now, rather than who he was before, may change how he answers their questions. Once he figures out where he belongs, he must find out if he can live a life of his own choosing. This long and beautiful film is truly special. The last ten minutes of this old-style masterpiece reminds us of all that is good about the movies. If you are lucky enough to be seeing this for the first time, you are in for a treat. For those who only like action films, or have a short attention span, this is not your film. But if you can hang on during the quiet, languid pace, you will find a beautiful film herein. The magic is still here, the trick is to see it.e. Who he is now, rather than who he was before, may change how he answers their questions. Once he figures out where he belongs, he must find out if he can live a life of his own choosing. This long and beautiful film is truly special. The last ten minutes of this old-style masterpiece reminds us of all that is good about the movies. If you are lucky enough to be seeing this for the first time, you are in for a treat. For those who only like action films, or have a short attention span, this is not your film. But if you can hang on during the quiet, languid pace, you will find a beautiful film herein. The magic is still here, the trick is to see it.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|After being introduced to the heart stopping series by a friend I immedetly fell in love wit the books. Every night before I go to sleep i make time to read them and countdown the days to mockingjay you could not ask for more in a book! Comedy romance drama horror it has never let me down and never will.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Leonardo Dicaprio plays the role of a dream architect and hacker who has the tools to enter people's dreams in order to extract important information from their brains. Not only that, he can also enter their dreams to incept information and make this new information part of the reality of the dreamer. He makes a deal with a powerful Asian business man to incept the idea of dissolving the company of his largest competitor. In exchange for that, Dicaprio would be able to return to the US and see his children, after the Asian man uses his power and connections to waive all the charges against Dicaprio, including the murder of his own wife!    Great Story and Great Plot! It was wonderful to watch a movie that taps a very myserious part of our lives, which is the world of dreaming.     If you watch the movie carefully, it could answer many of your questions about dreaming, such as why do dreams feel longer when we actually sleep for very short period!    Totally loved this movie! Could be one of Dicaprio's best works.
B002RWKSII|5.0|Somewhere, George Gershwin must be smiling; this is a remarkable new \\"reimagining\\" of some of his greatest and most famous works. But only Brian Wilson could have made this record; it grabs you from the acapella opening of \\"Rhapsody in Blue\\" and doesn't let you go until the \\"Rhapsody\\" reprise that closes this beautiful recording. There are magical moments throughout this record; the \\"Porgy and Bess\\" suite that is alternately beautiful, spooky, fun and blusey is worth the price of admission alone. \\"S'Wonderful\\" is a breezy nod to Antonio Carlos Jobim; \\"They Can't Take That Away From Me\\" is a shuffle in the Wilson tradition of \\"Help Me, Rhonda\\" and \\"Would'nt it Be Nice\\". \\"Love is Here to Stay\\" and \\"I Got a Crush on You\\" are obviously Wilson's ode to the style of music he grew up on in 1950's California, \\"I Got Rhythm\\" is George and Ira meet The Beach Boys, while \\"Someone to Watch Over Me\\" is as close to \\"Caroline,No\\" in feel that you will ever hear; maybe ever again. But there are two stunning surprises; \\"The Like in I Love You\\" , and \\"Nothing But Love\\" , which were song fragments given to Wilson to complete by the Gershwin estate; the first, a ballad , is reminicent of Wilson's mid to late 60's work with The Beach Boys, and the latter could be the sequel to \\"This Whole World\\". Wilson's arrangements are complex , yet accessable; in a word...stellar, and his lead vocals are his best since God knows when. You know it is a great record when you are singing the songs in your head hours later; that was always one of the wonderful things about a great Brian Wilson/Beach Boys record. Throughout his career Brian Wilson has made many great, timeless records that have shaped popular music. This is one of them. By far, the record of the year. Do yourself a favor; own this CD !
0061998494|5.0|This is a surprisingly good book.  I only know Ferguson from his late night TV show, but found him sufficiently endearing to want to read his book.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect, having found other books by comedians to be completely pointless, poorly written re-hashes of their stand-up acts.  That's not what this is, at all, though some of the same stories can be heard in his show, \\"A Wee Bit o' Revolution.\\"  This is an actual book, worth the money and time.
0439023513|4.0|I really enjoyed this dystopic series bent towards teens and Mockingjay, the final installment of the series, was a satisfying conclusion to a very taut story.<br /><br />I don't do spoilers, but I will say that if you haven't read the first and second installment, you really must do so before reading Mockingjay.  This trilogy creates a world of the future in which children are forced to fight to the death in an annual \\"Hunger Games.\\"  The first book introduced us to the central characters and features the Hunger Games.  The second book in the series was more of a bridge between the first and last book....necessary, but not as thrilling.  This final installment features the society's eventual rebellion against the government that created the Hunger Games.<br /><br />The characters are well-drawn and morals are obvious, but the storyline is fast-paced and is a great introduction to how fascinating dytopian fiction can be.  The best part about this third installment is that the author didn't lessen her writing standards in order to churn out another money maker.  Unlike other successful teen writers, Collins maintained a great story and didn't stoop to cheap emotional tricks to enthrall young readers:  she has a story to tell and sticks with it.  Kudos to her!<br /><br />Highly recommended for teens and even adults.....I think you'll enjoy the series.
B0000024V2|4.0|Had this in the original vinyl and it was a double album with only three sides of music, that's right, one side just smooth, no music. If your thinking of getting this, one of Johnny's best, get the deluxe edition with the second CD of live music from a performance at the Royal Albert Hall in 1970. Not much more $, and a killer live show.
030726999X|5.0|I finished The Girl Who Played with Fire and immediately ordered this book - thanks, Amazon, for quick delivery.  At first I was disappointed - too many characters introduced, almost Russian-novel cast of characters all with -berg or -ski in their last names.  And the main character Salander hardly appears. Then he began to tie them all together.  The book picks up speed, you forget to breathe, and read until 3 am.<br />I was the director of domestic violence shelters for 10 years, so of course this book has a special interest for me.  I also share the author's belief in democracy and though he seems touchingly innocent at times about the triumph of justice, I loved the thought of a prime minister determined to see law upheld.<br />Great window into modern Swedish society, as well
B0039TD7PY|5.0|My husband and I went to the concert and after that I HAD to have the CD.  Great songs and 2 great performers.
B002XHN776|2.0|Just finished listening all the way through this album and I have to say that I am disappointed.  The songs take forever to get going because of the \\"artisticly\\" long fade-ins and other noise at the beginning of some tracks.  The second half of the album's songs tend to sound mostly the same.  Maybe I'm just not into their slower stuff, but overall this album just seems like boring background music to me.
B000244EME|5.0|I am a stickler when it comes to classic guy movies. I bought this collectors edition to replace my original that was stolen. The delivery was fast. The movie was in perfect shape. The box art had some signs of wear but no tear. I was extremely satisfied with my purchase.
B000VXLC3K|5.0|I used to have this record when I was a teenager, so when I saw this on Amazon, I had to have it.  Carole King is one of my favorite performers and I'm happy to be able to listen to her on my IPOD.
0451228375|5.0|Actually one of our clients brought in the Pillars of the Earth for me to read. I fell in love with that book! And World without End is equally wonderful!
1401308201|5.0|Buy this here.  Go see the Broadway production, but wait to buy the book here.  This book is the same one they had at the theater but half the price!  Amazing book of beauty, facts, and inside info of the production.
B002RWKSII|1.0|The Gershwins' songs deserve to be sung with emotion, style and grace.  They are designed for vocalists who care about phrasing and tone.  Ella.  Sarah Vaughan.  Julie Wilson.  Frank Sinatra.  There is a long list of people who have made these songs shine.<br /><br />Brian Wilson has a very reedy, thin voice, and despite his 60 plus years, is stuck on a phrasing style that sounds like a dopey teen lost in puppy love.  But these aren't puppy love songs (with the possible exception of I've Got a Crush on You).  They are songs for adults.  They belong not at a 1960s sock hop, but in elegant ballrooms.  Yet, sock hop, sha-na-na versions are what we get here.  Listening to these versions is pure musical torture.  Part of it is the vocal processing.  While Brian is apparently using a standard U87 mic, there is something being done to the vocals after the fact to make him sound more than a little like Alvin the Chipmunk.<br /><br />I guess the one thing I can say in Wilson's defense is that he isn't the only rock star over the last decade or so who has tried to cash in by singing these kinds of songs.  There's been a whole slew of them.  All of these \\"singers\\" have been way out of their depth.  Like Wilson, they plod through the American Song Book without so much as a tiny drop of style.  There ought to be a law banning these creaky rock and roll relics from the 1960s and 1970s from entering a recording studio with real music.  Think of children hearing this on the radio; they will be scarred for life.  This CD is essentially musical porn.<br /><br />Go ahead Wilson fans (and the record company people that have planted at least 10 fake reviews so far)!  Rain on me about the genius of your idol and how I don't know what I'm talking about.  I'm an adult.  I can take anything you throw my way.  Just don't make me listen to this abortion of a CD again, please!  And Alvin and the Chipmunks, if you're reading this, don't even think about recording a CD of standards.
B00005JN2Z|5.0|The special features like the making of collateral are really excellent.  I enjoy most Michael Mann movies and seeing how he makes them and how the actors get into their characters is terrific.  I also think having Tom Cruise (not one of my favorite actors) play the hit man is great casting.  Both the lead actors are very good in this but Tom Cruise is just a bit more polished and believable an actor in his role than Jamie Foxx.  This is a violent movie but also creates a mood that gives it power.  Highly recommended if you like action flicks that stick close to realism.
B0036EH3WU|5.0|[[ASIN:B0036EH3WU Lost: The Complete Collection]]<br /><br />Received mine in the mail today. Incredible! There are a few surprises (which I will not spoil). There is one in particular that when you find it you won't be able to help but say to yourself (or to anyone else in the room at the time) \\"Oh, cool!\\" I make a humble plea to other reviewers to please, please keep those surprises intact for everyone else (shhhhh!). The island has its way of showing us things we do not expect.<br /><br />Lost is one of the most profound, rich, and esoteric series to be unleashed on network television since the Twilight Zone. If you are into the deeper questions of existence, existentialism, and the great mystery of good and evil you will not get answers here; but you will get fodder for the questions, and endless material for speculation. I think you have to be willing to leave some things to mystery in order to be satisfied. If you want quick, easy answers, and neat tidy endings - STAY AWAY!<br /><br />Lost is a journey that does not end with episode 16 of season six. Hey, I've seen every episode and I'm still on the journey. It is the series that will never end - for any of us who let it flow through our veins.<br /><br />The packaging is fantastic (one of the finest, most creative packages I have seen for complete TV series - and I own a lot of them. This beats my Complete Seinfeld Refrigerator all to hell.). The set is housed inside of a corrugated box inside of another outer display box, so it ships well. The only \\"flaw\\" I could find is that 2 or 3 disc in each season had a little glue on the edges. I have seen this in other complete season packages. What I do is pull the stuck discs firmly out of their slot and apply some lighter fluid to a soft cloth. Hold the saturated area of the cloth on the gluey edge for a few seconds, then wipe gently. The glue will slide right off.<br /><br />Ankh you very much to the creators of Lost, ABC studios, and everyone who had a hand in designing this set. - job well done. It was made to last a lifetime...perhaps many lifetimes.s made to last a lifetime...perhaps many lifetimes.
B003L77TZI|5.0|this album is really great!never thought she could out do her first album!!great variety and you can relate to all the songs in some way!not a big fan till this second album.now i have to admit....im a perry fan!!!!!!!!!!!
1401309666|2.0|This book has some good content in a few places, but if you ordered a piece of steak with a few sections that were cooked correctly...wouldn't you send it back? Read the introduction to this book, and you have pretty much gathered all of the important knowledge. The rest of the book takes this knowledge and fluffs it with historical references and modern day references that are already out-dated beyond the theory being supported.<br /><br />If you understand modern economics and the theory of concrete distribution models vs. online distribution models, then seriously just read the intro in a B&N.
B000001ELB|4.0|I'm an older guy and have been seeing KISS videos on TV.  I decided to buy a CD of this band.  I tested various KISS CD's on Amazon to hear samples of the songs and picked this one.  What can I say?  It's KISS all the way.  Very good.  I guess if you wanted just one KISS CD then this is a perfect choice.
B0036EH3X4|3.0|This review is particularly directed at John Carter in the Discussion Thread, \\"Frak the Haters\\".<br /><br />I was completely engrossed in the show ever since I randomly caught the latter half of the season 4 finale and was like, \\"Uhh...did that island just disappear?!\\" I quickly realized this show wasn't just some 'Survivor-esque, Lord of the Flies mashup,' and promptly blazed through the first 4 seasons in order to be ready for the 5th. Never have I been so captivated in a television show as an adult (The A-Team when I was 8 was pretty damn awesome).<br /><br />I am a philosophy grad student and was taking a seminar on the \\"Philosophy of Time\\" as the 5th season was airing. It was perfect. (Please check out David Lewis' essay, The Paradoxes of Time Travel to gain new insight on Season 5). Needless to say, the characters (and particularly what was happening TO the characters as reviewer, John Carter, points out) was always interesting, entertaining and very funny. But it was the setting, the mysteriousness and overall themes of 'faith vs. reason,' 'forgiveness vs. retribution,' etc. that really pulled me in. And the paradoxes, sci-fi elements, manipulation, and chess-like plot is what really had me and some LOST friends talking for hours.<br /><br />And then there was...\\"The End\\". Everything was going fine, even great, until the church scene. I really was beside myself once I realized what was happening; my jaw was literally on the floor in astonishment that the writers were really pulling the half-assed purgatory/limbo card. And it wasn't even wrapping up the series, but just the sideways-flash plot-line that was just thrown in this last season. Which, I may add, was completely void of relevance to the previous seasons.<br /><br />The reason \\"answers\\" were needed was because closure was needed. And IMO, closure was not had for the character arcs or the adventures they participated in. Not providing closure for many of the mysteries, least of all for the true mythos of the island and the telos it and its protectors may have had, unfortunately renders the entire story moot. It's fun to merely 'go along for the ride,' but to just drive off a cliff into the void at the end of the ride begs the question, \\"Why did I get in the car in the first place?\\"<br /><br />Don't get me wrong there is still plenty to take away from LOST; 95% of the series was absolutely wonderful. The way I plan on achieving solace with the show, is watching this last season again and skipping every flash-sideways scene (except when Kate is in the precinct; the dialogue between her and Sawyer is hilarious), since I see no point in regarding the flash-sideways/purgatory/limbo universe as existing. It's also a shame that Jack's dying scene, which would have been sincerely emotional for me, was spliced with the church, 'everybody-goes-into-the-light scene,' which was astonishingly bad.<br /><br />I would appreciate any feedback on this point alone: The last season would have been much, much better if every flash-sideways scene did not exist, even with nothing replacing it (let alone if they actually used that time to further develop the on-island plot). Which is why my personal remonstrance is to pretend it doesn't.nd its protectors may have had, unfortunately renders the entire story moot. It's fun to merely 'go along for the ride,' but to just drive off a cliff into the void at the end of the ride begs the question, \\"Why did I get in the car in the first place?\\"    Don't get me wrong there is still plenty to take away from LOST; 95% of the series was absolutely wonderful. The way I plan on achieving solace with the show, is watching this last season again and skipping every flash-sideways scene (except when Kate is in the precinct; the dialogue between her and Sawyer is hilarious), since I see no point in regarding the flash-sideways/purgatory/limbo universe as existing. It's also a shame that Jack's dying scene, which would have been sincerely emotional for me, was spliced with the church, 'everybody-goes-into-the-light scene,' which was astonishingly bad.    I would appreciate any feedback on this point alone: The last season would have been much, much better if every flash-sideways scene did not exist, even with nothing replacing it (let alone if they actually used that time to further develop the on-island plot). Which is why my personal remonstrance is to pretend it doesn't.
B003Y3UNZW|5.0|I had formed an opinion based upon the samples from Amazon and ITunes and was going to buy only a couple of songs HOWEVER I purchased the CD and was surprised at how much better the songs and the whole CD turned out to be. More musical, more varied within a song, more musically creative, more fun. Please wait until you actually hear the whole songs or the whole CD before writing a review based upon samples. I love it.
B002ZG980U|4.0|\\"I dreamed I was a butterfly, flitting around in the sky; then I awoke. Now I wonder: Am I a man who dreamt of being a butterfly, or am I a butterfly dreaming that I am a man?\\" Chuang Tzu, 389-286 BC.    A few remarks on the movie: the music was excellent - Hans Zimmer. Acting very good. Script - not that good in my view. Excellent ending though.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|Season 6 completely and utterly killed my interest in this once great show.  The copout Alternate timeline of Season 6 essentially marginalized everything that happened in the first five seasons by providing a \\"Happy Ending\\" in the afterlife.
0143039431|4.0|The book I received was in good condition, just as promised and was delivered three days after I ordered it. I was happy with the timely delivery and would buy from this seller again.
0439023491|5.0|Katniss Everdeen is the girl on fire. But now, in the second book of this fantastic young adult trilogy, she realizes that she's lit a flame that could engulf everything she's ever held dear.<br />The unintentional figurehead of a rebellion she didn't even know about, Katniss and Peeta's accidental act of defiance at the end of the last Hunger Games has caused whispers of unrest to become rumblings, and now Katniss is trapped in another deadly game. This time, though, if she loses, it's not just her life on the line. Everyone she loves and holds dear could die as well. The only thing that can save Katniss is love, or the appearance of love. President Snow, the evil, tyranical leader of the Capital, has warned her that she must continue to appear totally in love with Peeta, to make her actions in the Hunger Games an act of love, not of defiance. And she tries, wrestling with her own confusing feelings for the boy with the bread.<br />Peeta plays his part well, already in love with the headstrong, young woman who may or may not be in love with him and may or may not be in love with Gale, the young man who has helped her keep her family alive and has been like a brother to her, until one kiss changes everything.<br />How do you fight for a cause you don't know anything about when it could cost you everything? How can everyone call you a hero when you're responsible for chaos and death? How do you forgive yourself for destruction you unintentionaly brought down on the people you love?<br />\\"Catching Fire\\" drags the reader through the flames with Katniss, offering a fantastic limited narrator where you know just as much as Katniss, though occasionally, especially when she talks about her feelings for Peeta, you can tell she's not being completely honest with herself. The journey is a fantastic one, a real white-knuckle page turner with a great story. Bringing back the characters and world from the fantastic first book, \\"Catching Fire\\" expands, improves, and entices, keeping the reader engaged from the first page to the last. Make sure you keep your eye on the girl on fire. She's about to blow up!ing the reader engaged from the first page to the last. Make sure you keep your eye on the girl on fire. She's about to blow up!
0684833395|4.0|So yes, the book can read a bit messy. It does take some acclimation, but it is more than worth the work (for some people, such a style makes perfect sense and would give such a book 10 stars if possible). However, if you are not one of thee latter folks, hang with it, and you will be stuck with a brilliant piece of writing that will haunt you for a very long time. This book has staying power, and that's what may make it something of a masterpiece (albeit a messy one).
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I purchased \\"The Hunger Games\\" because it was the book of the month for an online book club I'm part of. I'd seen it for quite a while every time I went into the bookstore. The minimalist cover with the bright gold bird on the front had a tendency to stand out against stuck-up princesses and styalized characters painted with a fantasy-tinged brush that covered the rest of the shelves. For a long time, though, I walked right by. After all, I'm too adult to read \\"children's\\" literature, right?  Wrong!  After taking a young adult literature class in college, I decided to give the genre another chance. After all, other than the classics like \\"Catcher in the Rye\\" and \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\", most modern YA literature seemed to have been written about spoiled rich kids or boarding schools.   The Hunger Games takes YA stereotypes and shoots an arrow through it's forehead. Katniss Everdeen is a 16-year-old girl who lives in the United States after war and natural disaster have ravaged the country. The survivors have been divided up into districts, there are 12 of them, 11 responsible for resource production and all controlled by the Capital and a tyranical government body. Every year, in order to remind the colonists of the rebellion against the Capital, one male and one female child are chosen from each district to fight in The Hunger Games where the girls and boys must fight to the death until only one of them is left. The lone victor.  Katniss Everdeen is not chosen, but she volunteers to save her little sister, and in doing so, she lights the world on fire.  I don't want to give too much away because the best part of this book is the adventure and wonder that unfold on every page. Katniss is one of the strongest female protagonists I've ever seen, partially because she is so flawed and vulnerable, but she rises aboves them, triumphs over them, and becomes an unintentional figurehead of a rebellion that's been brewing for decades.   I could easily go on for a thousand more words. I could talk about all the moral questions \\"The Hunger Games\\" asks, such as, is it OK to do the wrong thing for the right reasons, or if you're fighting for freedom for the entity that's opressing you, are you ever really free? I could talk about the interwoven tapestry of action, romance, political intrigue, and psychological thriller that makes this into a multi-dimensional page turner. I could talk about the fantastic characters, amazing visual discriptions, and how the words jump off the page and into your heart until you actually care what happens to the characters and you turn every page with trembling fingers because you're afraid to find out what comes next. I could talk about all these things, but I think I'd just rather let you read it instead.
0439023513|5.0|WOW! That is the main word that comes to mind after reading this book. I had read in some forums how people didn't particularly like the book (before I got my copy), so I lowered my expectations. As in I didn't have any anymore. It definitely did not have the reunion with the guy she chose that I was expecting, or hoping for, but it was very realistic and having been more open-minded I enjoyed the book a lot more than I previously would have. Katniss is surrounded by war, death, loss, conspiracy, confusion, hurt. And you feel every bit of what she feels and goes through. When she grieves you grieve, and so forth... I found myself almost breaking down crying at the end. It was very bittersweet. All in all, I would have liked more Katniss/Peeta moments but I thought it was a great ending to a great series. Very well written, and will keep you up thinking about everything you read, long after your done!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This DVD was in an excellent condition, like new and it was ship in the terms of days so I like the speed of shipment...
B003L77TZI|5.0|Now on to the next big pop star after Lady Gaga. She has not only gave us two smash summer hits California Girls and Teenage Dream, but an album that is a sugary sweet confection of pop hits that you can't help but love! Very fun lyrics, dance hits, and a pop flavor make her sophmore release worth a listen and you will be hooked! My favorite tracks, if i had to pick them, are Teenage Dream, California Girls, T.G.I.F, Fireworks, E.T., and Pearl. You will not be disappointed!
B00002Z88D|5.0|The casing conditions were a bit worse than I expected for an used item, but the CD is playing ok.
B003OF3R0S|4.0|well when i first got the cd i was disappionted. only a few sont i like but after you listen to it for a while it grows on you.ive been a fan since they first came out and i own all the albums and dvds. they changed alot but prove that they can change in a good way. still i think the song nightmare alone makes it a great cd. if youre a fan i recoomend you buy it.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|It was a gift to a friend, but The Beatles are the best one ever! I love them!!
B003YP0BI4|5.0|This is a great effort by maiden. To all those that review and state that it \\"sucks\\" or \\"lacks interest\\" or any truly mindless nonsense, is just here to bash maiden. Well bash away. Maiden doesn't need you or your review and never has. This album is full of great metal and contains something different, yet still maiden. Whether you sing, play guitar, bass or drums, there is something for everyone. Loved it from the first play and it takes a while for you to catch certain things because there is alot going on. Favorites are Final Frontier, Coming Home, Talisman, Starblind and When The Wild Wind Blows. I hope maiden continues to tour and make more albums. Up The Irons!!!!
0446567337|5.0|Loved \\"Dear John\\" and I couldn't put it down!  Can't wait to watch the movie now!  Wonderful story of true love and the lengths people go for those they love.
B003ODL004|5.0|It was once said that the most simplistic original idea is more difficult to create than is a complex idea to create. Hans Zimmer's \\"Time\\" is a perfect example of this kind of idea.<br />As a recording artist myself (see this  [[ASIN:B000A3E8JQ Sedona Sun]] link), I have a lot of respect for an artist of this caliber! I highly recommend adding Inception sound track CD to your collection of fine music!
B002VPE1X4|5.0|Although the listed CG20 dimensions appeared to be too big for the listed capacity for this case, I guessed the neoprene was stretchy enough to fit it comfortably and I was right.  The CG20 fits in there nice and snuggly and is easy to get in and out (put the lens side in first, inserting at an angle).
B003M731UE|5.0|I had heard good things about this show before sitting down to watch it, i ordered the fist season and watched all of it over a weekend, i couldn't wait to see the second season so i took a mini (cheap) vacation and stayed home to watch the second season. Character development and the story line is amazing and sometimes hard to watch but if you want to see great television start watching SOA, you wont be disappointed.
0316067938|5.0|The Breaking Dawn was the perfect ending to this Saga. I am re-reading this book for the 3rd time in the last month. Being a die hard romantic just makes it even better. Thank you Stephenie for all the work you put into this Saga.    Gloria Wells
B000002ULO|5.0|Every year or so I go through a Beatles phase. I listen to the music more, I read a book or two that I haven't read before, etc. Having been a Beatles fan since I can remember (I was born on the day they first performed \\"All You Need Is Love\\" on the worldwide satellite broadcast), this is not an unpleasant yearly activity.<br />  I've recently been in a McCartney sub-phase. As an impulse purchase I picked up his GOOD EVENING NEW YORK CITY at Starbucks last winter, and brought it home and watched the DVD with my 5 year-old son. I was surprised at how many songs he played were unfamiliar to me. OK, it was like a half-dozen, but that's a lot to someone who considers himself a fan. So I did some research and looked into some music that I hadn't given a chance. \\"Oh, he's the cute Beatle who's constantly churning out sentimental pap,\\" I would tell myself, rather than plunk down the cash for the music to actually try it out.<br />  I picked up FLAMING PIE as part of my McCartney rediscovery project, and was completely surprised by it. It's McCartney in microcosm-- a dozen or so songs that represent a dozen or so different ways to approach rock or pop. Think about it: \\"Yesterday\\" and \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" and \\"Hey Jude\\" and \\"Helter Skelter\\" and \\"Let It Be\\" and \\"Maybe I'm Amazed\\" and \\"Band on the Run\\" and \\"My Love\\" and \\"Listen to What the Man Said\\" and \\"Take It Away\\" and on and on-- all written (mostly) by the same guy, and they're all completely different from each other. Fill in your own favorites-- I left out another pile of mine just to save time. Any way you cut it, McCartney's great strength is his flexibility with musical form. He can do just about anything, and in general it's better than what anyone else is doing. He gets panned, though, because he's McCartney and thus held to a higher standard.<br />  Well, he should be, and he lived up to it with FLAMING PIE. Every song is different, and the album as a whole serves as a compendium of what rock and pop can do, all with songs that are as good as any McCartney has written and performed since the 70s. He reportedly was inspired to go into the studio to work on this project after having finished work on ANTHOLOGY with Harrison and Starr, revitalized by revisiting the most creative and successful time in his life. It shows on this album. There is subtlety and fun and hard edges and soft ones. There are some lesser moments to be sure (his bare-bones jam session with Starr on \\"Really Love You\\" takes some getting used to, for example, after the more elaborate development of the other songs), but overall the disc is solid from beginning to end. I especially appreciate \\"The Song We Were Singing\\" and \\"Calico Skies\\"-- two songs that show McCartney doing what he does best, playing a guitar and being a generally decent fellow.<br />  The Jeff Lynne presence is somewhat obvious on a number of the songs, but doesn't detract from the overall experience. Love him or hate him, Lynne is good at what he does, and doesn't put out slipshod work. It showed for years in his work with Harrison and the Wilburys, and McCartney uses it to full advantage here, never letting it overwhelm his own sound.<br />  If you are looking for an excuse to get back into McCartney (and I absolutely did not mean to make a play on words there... sorry), this would be a good place to start. I also recommend, as wildly different experiences, MEMORY ALMOST FULL and ELECTRIC ARGUMENTS, which I will review in their proper places.songs that are as good as any McCartney has written and performed since the 70s. He reportedly was inspired to go into the studio to work on this project after having finished work on ANTHOLOGY with Harrison and Starr, revitalized by revisiting the most creative and successful time in his life. It shows on this album. There is subtlety and fun and hard edges and soft ones. There are some lesser moments to be sure (his bare-bones jam session with Starr on \\"Really Love You\\" takes some getting used to, for example, after the more elaborate development of the other songs), but overall the disc is solid from beginning to end. I especially appreciate \\"The Song We Were Singing\\" and \\"Calico Skies\\"-- two songs that show McCartney doing what he does best, playing a guitar and being a generally decent fellow.       The Jeff Lynne presence is somewhat obvious on a number of the songs, but doesn't detract from the overall experience. Love him or hate him, Lynne is good at what he does, and doesn't put out slipshod work. It showed for years in his work with Harrison and the Wilburys, and McCartney uses it to full advantage here, never letting it overwhelm his own sound.       If you are looking for an excuse to get back into McCartney (and I absolutely did not mean to make a play on words there... sorry), this would be a good place to start. I also recommend, as wildly different experiences, MEMORY ALMOST FULL and ELECTRIC ARGUMENTS, which I will review in their proper places.
030745455X|5.0|This second book was the most interesting read of the trilogy by Larsson.  A real page turner--left the first and last books in the dust!
B00005JLEU|5.0|Miyazaki is simply the best of the best in Anime.  This item was shipped together with 5 other titles, they were well packaged and received very quickly from Amazon.com.  Thank you.
0439023513|5.0|I have been waiting for this book for a year so when it popped up on my Kindle this morning I was excited.  I spent the whole day sneaking minutes to read and couldn't get enough.  I don't believe in putting spoilers in reviews so mine will be brief.    Mockingjay was a great ending to The Hunger Games series.  There was alot of sadness, action, betrayal and a bit of romance.  I never knew where the story was headed and it kept me coming back for more.  Collins finished this series up by answering all the questions we had and giving us an amazing final book.  I didn't end the book annoyed or confused because all loose ends were tied up.  I really feel Collins ended this series in the best way imaginable.    Did I agree with some of the resolutions?  Not completely.  I would have been happy to see some things turn out differently or have things explained a bit better.  Thankfully those things didn't effect my enjoyment of this book or the series.    Thank you Mrs. Collins for such a wonderful series that I will be reading many times through the years.
B000NT53XM|5.0|I just bought this exact book on eBay for $20.  The Sun Dial Press edition is not the 1st edition Scribner and Sons.  Good luck trying to sell it for over $700 folks.  Great book btw.
B003L20IE2|5.0|In this day of age hollywood has done nothing but remake, sequaled, adapted pointless films whether it's based on a tv show, book, video game, etc. A good majority of them sucked. The video game movie business is not doing well at all. When you hear the words \\"video game movie\\" your ears instantly hurt. But here comes a movie called \\"Scott Pilgrim vs the world\\" that is based off a comic book series that is inspired by many comic books and video game series. At first I thought I was going to hate this movie because it had actor Michael Cera play the main character and it seemed that every movie he's in he plays the same character: The quiet nerdy virgin character. Well after seeing the first 5 minutes of the movie I was totally BLOWN AWAY!!!    Everything is perfect about this movie! This is what I call a video game/comic book movie that is done RIGHT!    The Goods:  The comedy is hillarious!  The characters are entertaining  The fight scenes are excellent, the best I've seen in a long time  The special affects blow my mind, I consider them better than the movie Avatar's special effects much better  The villians just make my funny bones burst  The plot is perfect, even when the movie tries to cram all 6 books into one movie. You would think that would destroy the movie, but they actually did a very good job at ballancing the film.    The bad side:  This movie was made on a budget of 80-90 million.....This movie is barely making 20 million. IT DESERVES MORE MONEY!    Overall, this movie is awesome. It's deffinatly on my top 10 list of greatest movie ever made. It must be otherwise I wouldn't write a review for it or already pre-order the blue ray disk.
0199579733|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1VM2U4U6LTUU5]]BETWEEN PRIVACY AND FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION?<br /><br />An appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />An indispensable volume for your law library - and very handy to carry around - this volume is a reprint of the chapters on Privacy and Freedom of Expression from the second edition of the authors' `The Law of Human Rights.<br /><br />As the erudite authors point out, privacy and freedom of expression were two of the most important rights introduced into English law by the Human Rights Act 1998 (HRA) and add that `the question of the balancing of these two rights, has been central to the development of the new law of privacy and increasingly, influencing the development of the English law of defamation'.<br /><br />The aim of this volume therefore, is to provide a comprehensive and systematic treatment of human rights law and practice in the UK in relation to the often controversial areas of freedom and expression and privacy.  Very interesting it is too, to practitioners and non-practitioners alike who often have strong views one way or the other.<br /><br />There are some out there who believe so passionately in the right to privacy that they would practically call for a ban on freedom of speech, if only a selective one.  This is difficult to stomach for those of us who would certainly come down with galloping guilt feelings at the very thought of supporting any erosion of this hard won freedom, still only a dream in certain countries, which Shakespeare would have described as `less happier lands' where one unwise word spoken or written, can have unspeakably dire consequences.<br /><br />Why anybody should want to erode a freedom that others envy is beyond me, despite all the myriad yelps for privacy, some of them quite justified though, we must admit, in this age of the ever more powerful telephoto lens.<br /><br />If you are a practitioner in this field, particularly media law, this book provides a detailed and thorough treatment of the law relating to human rights, privacy and freedom of expression in the UK.  As human rights legislation continues to be tested out in the courts, this book contains detailed coverage of the latest developments.  To say this masterful and authoritative book is essential for your practice is an understatement.aw relating to human rights, privacy and freedom of expression in the UK.  As human rights legislation continues to be tested out in the courts, this book contains detailed coverage of the latest developments.  To say this masterful and authoritative book is essential for your practice is an understatement.
B002ZG98Z0|4.0|I had never really given the TV series a chance before I saw the first movie in theatres, a couple of years ago. I was surprised by how much I liked the film, as it was both fun and dramatic. It was balanced, much like life itself, and contrary to other movies of the genre that depict an idealistic view of the characters and the situations. That movie had the glitter, but it had the ugliness as well.<br /><br />Then I felt like watching the TV series. Bought the first season and before I knew it I was finishing up season 6, in less than a couple of months. I was hooked. It was clever, it was modern, it was funny, and mainly it featured importantic discussions on relationships and current issues, that most of us can all relate to.<br /><br />I was glad to know that the first movie wasn't the end, because now I was a fan. So, with a completely different perspective, I went to see the second movie-- this time I knew exactly who these characters were, where they were coming from, where they're likely to be headed to.<br /><br />Still, I was surprised. This movie, again, stays away from the obvious. It is SO funny. Hilarious, really. My friends and I were laughing out loud throughout the movie. For me, SATC had never been that funny - it was always fun, but seldom was it really funny - and I was glad to find this other layer lying underneath.<br /><br />The movie played with our expectations, and I guess for a lot of people that was a problem. They didn't expect [A] & [B] to get married; they didn't expect [C] to cheat on [D]; they didn't expect to see such a light, uncompromised side of [E]; they didn't expect a lot of things. But again, that's how life works, in unexpected ways that carry us to places we would never see coming. I embraced the movie with open arms and would even say I prefer this one to the one that made me fall for the SATC characters in the first place.<br /><br />Do hope they eventually make a 3rd one!
0199550271|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1TXCWUISIA3R9]]An appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />So say Louis Garb and John Wood in this excellent third edition in the OUP stable of international publications. This is a splendid resource, not only for the modern private client lawyer, but also for litigants and academic alike.<br /><br />The authors make a bald statement at the beginning \\"we live in an increasingly globalized world\\"! Yes, and they have produced a book of relevance to this age which explores assets on death and what happens to them in the globalized world.<br /><br />Cross-border trade between nations, intermingling and intermarriage between persons of different nationalities, living and working abroad  and investing within multiple jurisdictions;  these are only some of the complexities surrounding the deposition of assets in a globalized world. So when someone in possession of multiple assets in multiple jurisdictions dies, who succeeds to what assets on death where?<br /><br />As the editors note in the preface, `to a significant extent, the rules of succession in any particular jurisdiction are unique to that jurisdiction.'  And as Paul Mathews of the School of Law, Kings College, London observes in the foreword, `It is not enough to know the basic differences between systems. We must have access to points of detail and quickly' - a task which the useful and valuable `International Succession ` undertakes admirably.<br /><br />In its more than 800 pages plus glossary, the relevant inheritance law and practice in fifty jurisdictions around the world are explained by professional lawyers from each of them.  In order to compare like with like, the contributors have been asked by the editors to base their exposition on a common questionnaire (the full text of which is cited) to ensure exact comparison by covering exactly the same points.  (Especially interesting in a UK context are the differences between English and Scots law, particularly on intestacy.)  The book, in other words, is a joint venture between the general editors and the contributors, each of whom are listed individually with contact details.<br /><br />If you are involved with international clients , either as a private lawyer, litigator,  academic, or possibly an individual grappling with cross-border succession issues, which can be tortuously complex, this book will save you incalculable amounts of time.  As mobility increases and business goes truly global, Garb & Wood's meticulously researched work is an invaluable acquisition in any law library.book, in other words, is a joint venture between the general editors and the contributors, each of whom are listed individually with contact details.      If you are involved with international clients , either as a private lawyer, litigator,  academic, or possibly an individual grappling with cross-border succession issues, which can be tortuously complex, this book will save you incalculable amounts of time.  As mobility increases and business goes truly global, Garb & Wood's meticulously researched work is an invaluable acquisition in any law library.
B00005QGAX|3.0|I LIKE THE M.J.BAD CD,THE MUSIC IS GREAT UNTIL IT GET'S 2 THE END @ THEN THEY START 2 TALK ABOUT M.J.@ WHAT HE HAS DON WITH ALL OF HIS MUSIC@ WHAT HE HAS DON 4 OTHER PEOPLE WITH HIS MUSIC,AS 4 ME I LIKE ALL OF M.J. MUSIC,I'VE WATCH HIM GROW UP IN ALL OF THESE YEARS @ NOW NOW HE'S GONE AWAY FROM US ALL, BUT HIS MUSIC WILL LIVE ON 4 EVER MORE,WE LOVE YOU M.J.@ WE MISS YOU.
0446567337|5.0|I liked all the information that was written.  I am very happy with the way Amazon does their products and I am a happy camper.  thank you
0439023513|5.0|What a conclusion to a phenomenal series. MOCKINGJAY is exactly what readers of THE HUNGER GAMES trilogy were looking for. Katniss Everdeen has taken up the mantle to become the symbol of the rebellion, the mockingjay. A camera crew tapes her exploits to air to the people. But how much will exactly be put on her shoulders in Panem's desire for freedom against the Capitol?<br /><br />There's a lot of things which happen in this book so I'll give the no spoilers approach. Katniss thought she went through a lot during the Games, but the war is an entirely new species. She has to make even tougher decisions, lead people, become their hope. It's something which she does not want to do in the beginning until she sees how much she can do to help. She reverts to the child she never was and for good reason. She deals with tragedy of the worst kind. But still, she rises like that bird she symbolizes.<br /><br />Author Suzanne Collins does not shy over details. There's blood, there's casualties in the war, there's nothing glamorous about the fighting even though Katniss's crew of camera people try to make it so. Even in the end, there's nothing marvelous once Katniss's \\"job\\" is done. What you have is a real, in your face view of war.<br /><br />I'm going to have a very hard time letting this story go. I've re-read THE HUNGER GAMES and its sequel CATCHING FIRE numerous times, but I'll wait to read this one again. It's not an easy read, not because of the subject matter per se, but because of the person who's telling it. Katniss Everdeen is no ordinary girl; she's the strong yet haunted child of a rebellion. Her story is one which will be remembered for a long time.
0439023513|4.0|Spoilers ahead.  How can you review this and not have spoilers?<br /><br />I doubt this book could have ever met my hyped expectations.  And the end to such a fantastic trilogy was bound to be a let down, no matter what.  Because it's over.<br /><br />My biggest problem with Mockingjay was the serious lack of Peeta/Katniss interaction.  Having Katniss leave District 13 instead of dealing with a changed and deranged Peeta was a cop-out, though probably very in-character for Katniss.  And that's something that I have to admit--the thing I felt Suzanne Collins cheated us out of (experiencing the actual \\"growing back together\\" of Peeta and Katniss instead of telling the reader it was so) is still very Katniss, her constant adversion to expressing emotion, in particular.  In fact, Katniss spends much of the book seeking out small hiding spots, places where she can hide from everyone else, but also from herself.<br /><br />More spoilers!<br /><br />As for Katniss voting for another Hunger Games with the children of Capitol officials, I believe she did so to throw Coin off.  I think, even at that point, she knew she'd be using her one arrow on Coin.  Even though she was in pain over Prim, it would be decidedly out of character for Katniss--who loathed the idea of having innocents kill innocents and was just thinking that despite everything she and the rebels had been though, nothing was going to change--to ever condemn anyone to the arena.<br /><br />I was glad to get to know Gale a bit better in this book.  But everything he said and did cemented my feelings that he'd been Katniss's childhood hunting partner and without a common need to fill, there wasn't much else there for them.  As he said, the only thing he really had going for him was protecting her family.  And look what happened in the end there.<br /><br />I finished this book at 1:30 this morning, so I needed sleep to let it sink in.  And while it's my least favorite of the three (mainly because of the aformentioned lack of Peeta), it made me cry, ache, laugh and wish for more.  Isn't that what every author strives for?and wish for more.  Isn't that what every author strives for?
B003EYVXYG|2.0|Im a big fan of George Romero movies but this one sucks I wont recommend this movie even as a $1.00 rental. I actually thought this movie would be pretty good too. The story line is completely lam and cheesy.
1439181780|3.0|When The Secret first came out, I devoured the book in one sitting.  It spoke to me and became a fulcrum of change for me in a lot of ways.  When I saw The Power, I was hoping for an expansion of the life changing words and philosophies that so intrigued me with The Secret.<br /><br />I'm a bit disappointed in The Power.  There isn't enough new or \\"wow\\" material to make this book stand out.  I'm not saying the information is bad, I'm just saying it's not very fresh.  If you believe in the law of attraction, there may be some nuggets of good stuff in here for you.  If you think the whole law of attraction thing is a lot of hoo-ey then this book won't do too much to change your mind.<br /><br />For what it is worth, the book is highly readable.
B002BWQ6H6|3.0|The plot was fantastic but the entire story did not grab me as I had hoped. I enjoyed this book I just didn't love it.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|For those wanting to know about bonus features, this set contains all the bonus features that the individual seasons did, including the easter eggs. Some of the formatting is different. Season 3, rather than having to hunt through screens to find content there is just a list. And it also has a \\"Access Granted\\" section that has the creaters giving some answers to questions which is nice. I don't believe that was on the original. So along with the bonus features you've gotten on all 6 seasons, their is also a hidden disk in the lid with more bonus features. All in all I'm very happy with this set. I'll be selling the original copies I got as their is no reason to keep them around aside from their packaging.
B002JWD6AS|4.0|I've been wanting to read this book ever since it came out. Once I finally got it, I was slightly surprised at the contents of it. To be honest, I was expecting a story that had more to deal with the wolf part of it all, but instead, I found a love story about struggling to be together. Stiefvater is an extremely talented writer none the less; I just wish the book would focus on the wolf aspect more.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|awesome headset for all games on ps3 , but the best for call of duty games.  i dont even need to put claymores down anymore because i hear the other players running up the stairs. very easy to hook up and excellent sound quality and is very durible
B0036EH3WU|3.0|I just received my LOST: THE COMPLETE COLLECTION box set in the mail today. Have given it a preliminary going-over without checking the discs first, but there's a reason I'm doing this: it's to give some of you a \\"caveat emptor\\" in case you were thinking of buying it. I will add to this review at a later date.<br /><br />My immediate gripe with this set was threefold. The first has to do with the ankh that is included. Maybe this won't come as a surprise to some, but that ankh looks like it was carved by a 7th-grader in Wood Shop class...the picture on the front of the box set tends to lead you to believe that the ankh is an accurately-carved one. Second, the relief-map replication of the island was supposed to have been mounted on an ornately-illustrated piece of carboard--all well & good, if it weren't for the fact that it was mounted crooked! Seems like it might have been put into the box before the adhesive had actually dried!<br /><br />Third--and absolutely infuriating to me--is that the illustration of each season of the series' folder-style containers leads you to believe that, like the individual series box sets, the DVDs are mounted on plastic with spindles. NOT THE CASE. Just like when I ordered the box set of M*A*S*H: MARTINIS & MEDICINE, the DVDs were NOT treated with TLC by the manufacturers. Instead of the disc-friendly plastic spindles, the discs were SHOVED into those hard-cardboard slots that we all know and love so much. In the MMM collection, nearly 15 of those discs were scratched so severely that they were unplayable; fortunately for me, I have one of those automated CD/DVD repair units that, more often than not, fixes the problem. I have not yet inspected the discs in this set individually (just received it about an hour ago) but, as stated, my point here is to alert all of you to these obvious breaches of quality in a box set that otherwise appears to be very nicely put together. I'm glad I got one at such a good discount, but it's beginning to look like I got what I paid for, if you get my drift. More to come--stay tuned...ot what I paid for, if you get my drift. More to come--stay tuned...
159448385X|5.0|Book came in within a week. Great Condition, and for a great low price. Cant ask for anything more. Thank You
0316113506|5.0|Spark really shifted the way I think about exercise and sport. Recently there was a article from our local school on how the kids are participating in a running club on Tuesday Mornings and a \\"Brains, Body, Confidence, program in the afternoon and immediately thought of the principles covered in Spark [....]    has anyone else seen it applied in schools?
B00001OH7N|5.0|David Bowie emerged with this record as a genius. And everyone else who has gone into seclusion with it has emerged a changed person. It is dark and most definitely heavy. The cover alone is freaky. From the insane beginnings of the 8 minute and change long song, The Width of a Circle, to the final crunch of The Supermen, this album does not disappoint or have one lacklustre song.     Solid, southern/country tinged glam rock. A must have for any rock fan.
B000SEIK2S|2.0|The first few chapters showed some real promise, but quickly this book fell flat.  Predictable, annoying, jarring dialogue coming from flat, boring characters is what you should expect.  The main character is untouchable and emotionless.  Too much time is spent explaining their emotions and motivations, not enough time is spent letting the characters behave within their world.  The world is well constructed, but the characters don't live in it, as much stand in front of it.  It gets worse in each chapter, by the end, we're basically just combining names of places with lists of characters that die there.  There's no emotion, there's no drama, and definitely nothing important or interesting.  At least its a fast read.
B003L77TZI|3.0|Katy Perry is not \\"my favorite,\\" but being the `band-wagon music fan' that I am sometimes, I had to explore 2010's [[ASIN:B003L77TZI Teenage Dream]] to see what the result of her sophomore album would be.  Don't get me wrong, there were cuts from 2008's [[ASIN:B0017ZB8M6 One of the Boys]] that were sensational, namely \\"Hot-n-Cold,\\" \\"Ur So Gay,\\" and \\"Waking Up in Vegas.\\"  I'll even give the sexualized theme song of summer \\"I Kissed A Girl\\" its just due, even if I found it one of the most annoying pop performances I'd heard in sometime - well until I heard Ke$ha's sensationally annoying EVERYTHING (just venting here). So I heard first single \\"California Gurls\\" featuring Snoop Dogg for the first time and just like on \\"I Kissed A Girl,\\" I wasn't blown away.  After a couple of more listens, I liked the cut, but I never found it to be as appealing as others, despite the constant radio airplay.  I heard second single \\"Teenage Dream\\" and was slightly more allured, so I decided I'd purchase the album and listen to it as one cohesive unit.  Much like my intuition, it is enjoyable enough, but by no means \\"the second coming\\" of anything.  The production is strong throughout, though Dr. Luke's sensational electronic-pop productions grow the least bit `too sensational' at times for my tastes.  Despite my qualms towards 'Teenage Dream,' I believe it will satisfy fans, but like most pop albums crafted more on production and gimmicks than say vocal talent, it will only last for a phase.<br /><br />\\"Teenage Dream\\" opens 'Teenage Dream' with the appropriate gusto to generate excitement and buzz for the rest of the album.  Dr. Luke's manic production is perfect for catchy number with a catchy chorus.  Perry's vocals work best on the verse where she achieves the appropriate grit after breathy verses by the singer.  Not much to quibble about here as \\"Teenage Dream\\" is the type of cut Perry is best suited to sing.  \\"Last Friday Night [T.G.I.F.]\\" just doesn't feel as fun as it predecessor.  Sure, the production is good, but there is some character that is missing from this track that appeared on \\"Teenage Dream.\\" Here, Katy Perry comes over  as a bit more generic than she probably should;  this track would've been better served for say Gwen Stefani in my eyes.<br /><br />\\"California Gurls\\" is the valedictory cut of 'Teenage Dreams' by all means.  As stated before, I underwrote the single, but I kind of like it now.  While the chorus is as absurd as anything else on this album, it is catchy and \\"perfect\\" in a sense.  I don't think Snoop's verse is up to snuff, but as ridiculous as this album proves to be, what does it matter?  \\"Firework,\\" produced by the lately bland production team Stargate (Beyonc&eacute;'s \\"Irreplaceable,\\" Rihanna's \\"Hate That I Love You,\\" Ne-Yo's \\"So Sick\\") is solid, but not necessarily distinct.  It is an above average cut in the scope of this album, but Perry sounds better on a number of other cuts aside from this.  Similarly a second Stargate cut, this time worse (\\"Peacock\\") touches on being a throwaway.  While it may be fun for  a spin or two, the cut is so absurd and brash lyrically (the over-sexualization reminds me of Christina Aguilera's Stripped and most recent 2010 disc [[ASIN:B003G4DFRC BIONIC - DELUXE (Explicit)]]) that it is annoying.  Much like Christina Aguilera's catchy but also distasteful track \\"Woo hoo,\\" \\"Peacock\\" which refers to \\"you know what\\" is just dumb.<br /><br />\\"Circle The Drain\\" reignites momentum by switching producers completely to Christopher \\"Tricky\\" Stewart (The-Dream's partner in crime) who gives a great production for Perry to sing over.  The lyrics are at their most explicit here, but somehow, \\"Circle The Drain\\" comes over as being more fun and enjoyable than \\"Peacock\\" where you feel Perry tries to hard to shock.  But even with the fine \\"Circle The Drain,\\" one must asks does Katy Perry ever want to be considered to be more than a joking-pop singles artist? Does she have that hunger to be considered to be a pop singer with more chops like contemporaries Christina Aguilera or P!nk?<br /><br />\\"The One That Got Away\\" isn't bad, resurrecting the production work from Dr. Luke with his typical thumping 4-beat pattern.  Less abrasive than his previous productions, \\"The One That Got Away\\" works slightly better, but lacks the distinction of some earlier tracks.  \\"E.T.\\" is the worst cut of the album in my eyes.  Here Perry takes everything to another level and it is utterly absurd. The hook (\\"kiss me, kiss me/infect me with your loving/fill me with your poison, etc.\\" likens a lover to being `extraterrestrial' which is just absolutely crazy.  I give the cut a D+.  \\"Who Am I Living For?\\" is definitely more `terrestrial' with Christopher \\"Tricky\\" Stewart back behind the boards, still the cut is a bit odd.  \\"Pearl\\" is ok, but you feel as if Perry has sang this cut over and over throughout the album, only as a different song.  \\"Pearl\\" comes over as filler because of its \\"sameness.\\"<br /><br />\\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" is one of the best cuts of the album, rivaling \\"Teenage Dream,\\" and \\"California Gurls\\" easily.  Here, Perry's vocals are at the top of the mix and the breathiness that pervades some tracks is absent.  The songwriting is also stronger here.  Finally, a restrained, but solid Dr. Luke cut \\"Not Like The Movies\\" is a great `true' closer to the album.  Two bonus cuts, mixes/remixes of \\"California Gurls\\" and \\"Teenage Dream\\" appear.<br /><br />Overall, 'Teenage Dream' is enjoyable, but not necessarily great.  It does not feel cohesive by any means as any narrative Perry might be trying to incite is covered up with a number of gimmicky production techniques and overwrought jokes, etc.  Smartly, the production team does borrow cues from 1980s pop and dance, which is probably my favorite aspect of this album.  Otherwise, there are a handful of great cuts among a see of Ok, but somewhat unmemorable, unimportant ones.  3 stars in my eyes. 'more chops like contemporaries Christina Aguilera or P!nk?     \\"The One That Got Away\\" isn't bad, resurrecting the production work from Dr. Luke with his typical thumping 4-beat pattern.  Less abrasive than his previous productions, \\"The One That Got Away\\" works slightly better, but lacks the distinction of some earlier tracks.  \\"E.T.\\" is the worst cut of the album in my eyes.  Here Perry takes everything to another level and it is utterly absurd. The hook (\\"kiss me, kiss me/infect me with your loving/fill me with your poison, etc.\\" likens a lover to being `extraterrestrial' which is just absolutely crazy.  I give the cut a D+.  \\"Who Am I Living For?\\" is definitely more `terrestrial' with Christopher \\"Tricky\\" Stewart back behind the boards, still the cut is a bit odd.   \\"Pearl\\" is ok, but you feel as if Perry has sang this cut over and over throughout the album, only as a different song.  \\"Pearl\\" comes over as filler because of its \\"sameness.\\"     \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" is one of the best cuts of the album, rivaling \\"Teenage Dream,\\" and \\"California Gurls\\" easily.  Here, Perry's vocals are at the top of the mix and the breathiness that pervades some tracks is absent.  The songwriting is also stronger here.  Finally, a restrained, but solid Dr. Luke cut \\"Not Like The Movies\\" is a great `true' closer to the album.  Two bonus cuts, mixes/remixes of \\"California Gurls\\" and \\"Teenage Dream\\" appear.      Overall, 'Teenage Dream' is enjoyable, but not necessarily great.  It does not feel cohesive by any means as any narrative Perry might be trying to incite is covered up with a number of gimmicky production techniques and overwrought jokes, etc.  Smartly, the production team does borrow cues from 1980s pop and dance, which is probably my favorite aspect of this album.  Otherwise, there are a handful of great cuts among a see of Ok, but somewhat unmemorable, unimportant ones.  3 stars in my eyes. 
0399156577|2.0|It appears to me that Nora Roberts has tried to take a James Patterson plot device and overlay it with lots of sex.  Here we have the sadistic serial killer who is after our heroine, and we know the gory details of his several murder victims.  Still, any reader with a birdbrain knows the killler is not going to get our heroine and that she and her lover will marry and live happily ever after.    Meanwhile, the author has told us everything she knows about the training of dogs and search and rescue missions by dogs.  Page after page this padding goes on.  Moreover, it tells us clearly that the dogs are going to go after the killer and nail him.  I hope there is no one so dim that this is giving away the plot.    As for the main characters they are Nora Roberts standards.  There is the pretty red haired woman, around thirty, who is highly competent and confident in what she does.  She's no virgin but she's no demimondaine either.  She meets a man who is equally competent at what he does (furniture building), sure of himself, masculine with phermones popping in all directions--but sensitive.  They sip wine together over candlelit dinners and hop into the sack--a lot.  Seen it, heard it, got the tee shirt.    The killer, in this case, is one dimensional.  He kills.  Why is not quite clear.  He likes it, he says.  It makes him feel good.  Why he ever started emulating another killer remains vague.  He's an escapee from a bad James Patterson thriller.    The atmosphere is about all that saves this--a soggy island off the coast of Washington state.  In fact, atmosphere is what Ms Roberts does best.  She just mails in the characters, their habits, the sex, and the plot.  I still think she might write a very good novel if she ever slows down and thinks first.  I keep hoping.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I got hooked on True Blood after the first few episodes of the first season.  I don't watch a lot of TV, so for a show to grab me like that takes something extra.  True Blood is exciting, sexy and entertaining as hell.  HBO clearly used the production budget wisely- the show looks great and the effects don't look cheesy at all.  I was very happy to get the DVD's, since this is a show where there is so much going on that you will definitely want to watch seasons over again.  There's quite a bit of nudity, so if you're not a fan of that then avoid the show, but other than that I'd reccomend it to pretty much anyone.    I've read the books, and this is one of the few cases where the show is better.  The books are focused completely on the protagonist, who becomes very unlikable towards the end of the series.  True Blood, on the other hand, tells the story of several different characters, and Anna Paquin did a great job portraying Sookie- she's innocent and friendly without coming across as a total airhead.      One last comment on the Disc+ On Demand promotional thing that Amazon is doing right now: I'm a fan.  As soon as I purchased the DVD, I was able to start watching episodes online from Amazon.com.  The picture quality was great and it's convenient that I have about three months to watch the episodes.  I wouldn't buy the DVD's just because of this, but it was certainly a nice little extra.
1416955070|3.0|When fifteen year old Clary Fray sees a murder at a NY club, she learns there is a lot more to this world than she originally knew about. Then when her mother goes missing, she is thrown into the supernatural world of Demons, Nephilim (aka shadowhunters), Faeries, Vampires, Werewolves and more. As she searches for her mother, she tries to uncover the mysteries of her past.<br /><br />Overall 'City of Bones' was good but not great. Fast paced and creative, the world building and storyline were well done. There were some good twists and turns. The dialogue was also pretty good. And kudos to the artists who designed the cover. The artwork was impressive, and I loved the use of the metallic ink.<br /><br />Where the story came up short was the lack of feeling. The story was told from a third person perspective, sharing actions but not thoughts. A third person 'close' perspective would have been much more effective--if we would have heard the characters thoughts it would have increased the suspense and improved the character and relationship development. For example, when Clary's mom is kidnapped and possibly being tortured or even killed, I didn't feel a sense of pain, sadness, or shock from Clary. And when the Brother goes into her mind to bring up her memories, I should have felt her fear, horror, and a high level of suspense. Actions were described but nothing was felt. Overall, I did not empathize with the characters and did not connect with them. The story ended up feeling flat.<br /><br />Clary is not all that appealing as a lead character--sometimes she was downright annoying. She is weak and passive--constantly relying on males to be rescued. She also is not all that smart and makes questionnable decisions. There is also not much character development of the secondary characters. Simon and Jace are supposed to be potential romantic interests for Clary, but there was hardly any chemistry or romantic tension between them.<br /><br />I'm not sure if I will continue with this series. I understand this is the author's first book, so perhaps she improved over subsequent issues. I definitely read reviews before buying the next one.<br /><br />**EDIT**<br /><br />I finished books two and three, and the series does improve as it goes along. Clary becomes stronger and more interesting as a lead character and there is a little more development of some of the main secondary characters. The books are still using third person voice, so we don't hear thoughts/feelings. But there is so much action and a suspenseful storyline, that it kept me entertained.this is the author's first book, so perhaps she improved over subsequent issues. I definitely read reviews before buying the next one.     **EDIT**    I finished books two and three, and the series does improve as it goes along. Clary becomes stronger and more interesting as a lead character and there is a little more development of some of the main secondary characters. The books are still using third person voice, so we don't hear thoughts/feelings. But there is so much action and a suspenseful storyline, that it kept me entertained.
0345441184|5.0|Mists of Avalon is probably one of my all- time favorite books.  Focusing on the women in Arthurian legend was such a great idea- it gives the saga much more depth than most other retellings I've read.  Bradley does a superb job of explaining the motivations for most of the character's behavior in the traditional version, and I thought her description of the religious practices of Avalon were fascinating.    I am so sick of feminist rambling and anti- Christian crusading that I might smash my head into a wall if I read one more book that devolves into that stuff.  Mists of Avalon is different.  It certainly takes a more female- oriented perspective on the story of Arthur and Camelot, but it does so without putting women on a pedestal or portraying men as inferior.  Although Christianity can be seen as an aggressive presence throughout the book, the ultimate message of the novel is one that promotes religious harmony.      Anyone who enjoys fantasy will probably find something to like in this book.  The other books in the \\"Avalon\\" family aren't as good as Mists in my opinion, but I loved Mists so much that I read them all anyway because I just wanted more.
1439138311|3.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the first half of the book - Eilis's journey from Ireland to New York and all that she learned as well as the description of New York at the time. However, then came the second half. Did I start reading a different book because the character from the first half did a complete 180 and lost her backbone and morals??? I'm not sure why the disconnect between the two but it made me lower my rating from 5 stars to 3 stars.
0439023513|2.0|This book was completely depressing, I loved the first two books of the series and have read them both multiple times but this book was a total letdown. Katniss was not the strong independent female of the first two books, and spent most of time in the final installment wandering about hallways just thinking about how bad her circumstances are. But to me, the saddest part was that in this book, you finally get to really meet Gale (who i always found to be a great character) and it ends without Gale ever even saying goodbye and with Katniss thinking that they were a pathetic excuse of friends.  And mostly, Collins went and killed off Prim at the very end of the revolution! It was completely unnecessary and really made me hate the book. Prim surviving was the whole point Katniss ever entered the games anyway, and it kind of makes the entire series seem pointlessly depressing and horrific. My advice would be to pretend that the series ended with catching fire or even just after the hunger games.
0439023513|3.0|I ended this series with a sharp sense of disappointment. I won't go into too much detail here, as other reviewers have given similar opinions to mine....I simply want to lay out the problems I had with this book (SPOILERS).    I felt that Katniss' character development was minimal, at best. She is a pawn in the first two books and she continues to be a pawn in this one. She finally does do her own thing at the very, very end (when she decides to shoot a particular someone instead of someone else), but it's too little, too late. Other reviewers have laid out this flaw more eloquently, and I agree with them. Along with this lack of development theme, she doesn't mature a whole lot. She is still the selfish girl we met in the beginning. Sure, she would give anything for her family, but we already knew that about her. What about her ability to deal with situations in a mature manner? What about her thinking of other people besides herself? Nope, still nothing there. She simply reacts to the immediate environment, the world be damned. For example, when Peeta is rescued and turns out to have some mental problems due to torture, Katniss basically gives him a big \\"screw you\\" and ignores him. Her personal feelings aside, their history together and common friggen decency call for a little more of her compassion, which she apparently completely lacks. Which is fine for the tough girl in the first two books, but I'm looking for some growth here, people.    Which leads me to my next point.....this love triangle thingy. The first two books are essentially a story about her dealing with her relationship with Peeta and Gale against a backdrop of atrocities by a corrupt government. But that storyline is completely dropped in favor of the revolution. I kept waiting for her to figure out her emotions in regard to these two guys, but the huge revelation of \\"I LOVE THIS ONE!\\" never really comes. One guy gets a job in district two, and the reader never gets a full resolution with that relationship. The other one follows her after everything is done and she decides she loves him. On the VERY LAST PAGE, with not a lot of thought or angst behind it. I don't mind a story being about revolution and corrupt government, but the main storyline, up to this point, is the one involving her feelings for these two guys and it should have continued that way.     Next point: Katniss spends an exorbitant amount of time almost-losing-it or in the hospital. She wanders around, she cries, she is treated with drugs, she gets hurt, she is taken to the hospital, she freaks out due to stress, she gets drugs, she gets hurt again, MORE HOSPITAL, MORE DRUGS!! Katniss freaking out after some important revelation and waking up later in the hospital is an oft-used and much-worn plot device by Collins, used 4 or 5 times in this book alone. Peeta attacked her? You aren't privileged to her immediate hurt and shock. She gets shot? You don't get to see how people react. Someone dies? She gets a needle in the arm and cries for days. It's always a reflection from hours/days after the drama.    And my last point....I was disappointed with Katniss' uselessness in the very climax. She goes on this vigilante mission to kill President Snow, a mission that takes several days and results in the deaths of important characters, and the result is....um, nothing, actually. It is utterly useless, it took up the second half of the book, and is incredibly frustrating. She never finds him, she watches someone close to her die, becomes unhinged and gets medicated (sound familiar? Plot device!), but big deal, that is old news with her. It happens so often I got tired of her half-coherent, self-pitying ramblings. And that death is not as crushing as it should have been for the reader. The character gets as little face time as possible, and is never fleshed out, so them dying is only saddening because Katniss cared for them.    Despite these, there are some good things. Finnick and Joanna (and Buttercup!) are fleshed out, which is utterly welcomed (can't say the same for Katniss' freakin mother and sister, but I digress). Collins seems to capture the grey areas of war very well. In the first book, things were pretty black and white, but now the good guys aren't always doing good things, and the bad guys aren't always the ones doing terrible things. Haymitch is awesome as always.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This documentary paves the way for truth-seekers wishing to know where their food is produced! The book is great too!
B001M5UDGS|5.0|\\"Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog\\" was conceived as an online phenomenon during the 2008 writers' strike, and since most screenwriters never produce anything worth looking at anyway, I found myself doubly drawn to this brilliant little film. Directed and largely written by Joss Whedon, and starring Neil Patrick Harris as Dr. Horrible, the film is a musical romp through the world of evil science and the emotionally stunted scientists who live there. Dr. Horrible, of course, has plans for world domination, but is equally enamored of Penny (Felicia Day,) the fellow laundromat user of his dreams. Foiling Horrible's nefarious plans is Captain Hammer (Nathan Fillion,) and the musical mayhem that ensues is nothing short of inspired genius.<br /><br />The film at 42 minutes is very short, but includes numerous wonderful extras that make this more than worth the money in any format. \\"Commentary! The Musical\\" includes more new music from the cast and creators. There's also a commentary track with the cast and creators, a \\"making of\\" feature, and assorted other documentation on the \\"League of Evil.\\" This DVD shows that smart and talented people can make an excellent and entertaining movie without any of the corporate or union trappings of conventional Hollywood productions, and I admire the skill and daring of the creators, cast, and crew. I am no particular fan of musicals as a rule, but I am making a very rare exception here, and I give \\"Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog\\" an unequivocal recommendation.
B003S9GOWS|5.0|This is at least the third time that Rubinstein's stereo cycle of Chopin's recordings has been issued in a boxed set.  In three respects, this cannot be considered a complete issue: Rubinstein didn't record the Op. 10 & 25 Etudes, he did not record peripheral works like the First Sonata, and this set does not include early stereo versions of the Berceuse and Trois Nouvelles Etudes from the 1950s (in both cases, there are 1960s versions here).<br /><br />It's no surprise that Sony would choose Rubinstein's last cycle of these works for yet another reissue: recorded in stereo, they are easy to market to a generation accustomed to excellent sound. But Rubinstein changed over time, he matured and mellowed, and by the time these recordings were made, he was already considered the elder statesman of Chopin interpreters. In general, his later approach is better suited to larger scale works like the Sonatas, but I prefer the spontaneity of his trailblazing [[ASIN:B0032700TY 1930s versions]] of the Nocturnes, Mazurkas, and Scherzos, and the controlled fire of his [[ASIN:B000054279 1950s set of Polonaises]]. There is one mono disc in this set, from 1946, including Rubinstein's first recording of the Sonata, Op 35, and his only version of the Preludes, Op. 28 -- neither of which show the pianist at his best.<br /><br />These recordings were originally issued as complete sets by genre, and Sony/BMG mostly follows the original programming concept (with the exception that the Mazurkas and Nocturnes are published on 2 CDs instead of 3 LPs). While this makes sense from a collector's perspective, I can't imagine wanting to to listen to all of the Nocturnes or Mazurkas in a row.  (It would be nice if Sony would issue a box of some of Rubinstein's more imaginatively programmed albums, like the French Recital, Brahms I Love, and Chopin I Love series.)  The sound here is identical to BMG's 1999 complete Rubinstein reissue, which faithfully reproduces the pianist's distinct tone. If you already have those releases, there's no point in getting this set.  But if you don't, the super-budget price should serve as incentive.hose releases, there's no point in getting this set.  But if you don't, the super-budget price should serve as incentive.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|SPOILERS!!!!!!!!  Ok, so I had to debate with myself whether to give a five star rating or one.    I chose to give it 5 because it is really good,but the ending sort of sucked. It seems as if Collins was scrambling for a suitable ending, stitching a few sentences that have absolutely no meaning. She could've handled it better.    As for the death of Prim, that was an exellent touch, how she described Katniss's raw pain, though it saddened.  Throughout the book, I found my eyes filled with inexplicable tears.    Peeta's condition was extremely painful. I had to re-read the last sentence of chapter Twelve about three times to process it's meaning. Very good ending. I love her description of him.    Overall, it's a pretty good book, though the ending was not good enough. Fans should demand another book. I certainly do.
B0036EH40Q|5.0|Just a great movie and the blue ray made you feel like you were there
0439023513|3.0|Good book, but I was very disappointed with the ending. Overall though, a fast-paced, well-written series.
B003L77TZI|5.0|I Have To Say I Was Somewhat Surprised After Listening To Divalicious Katy Perry's New Album.  I Was Prepared To Expect Nothing More Then Mediocrity As A Follow Up To Her Phenomenal Success With Her 1st Album: \\"One Of The Boys\\".  Divalicious Katy Perry's New Album: \\"Teenage Dream\\" Has A Great Variety Of Upbeat Songs, Along With Some Melodramatic Songs Too That I Absolutely Loved.  My Opinion In This Order Are Her Best Songs On The CD: \\"E.T.\\", \\"Circle The Drain\\", \\"Who Am I Living For\\", \\"The One That Got Away\\", \\"Pearl\\", \\"Last Friday Night(T.G.I.F)\\" and \\"Peacock\\"!!!  Divalicious Katy Perry Has Clearly Proven Her Credibility As A Musician As Her New Album: \\"Teenage Dream\\" Strongly Shows Her Diversity Of Talent.  Gay Guys Love Katy Perry:-)
B0036EH3X4|5.0|Lost has taken me on a fantastic journey like no other piece of entertainment has.     I'm no fan of television; I find it boring, trite and highly predictable, with the majority of prime time muck revolving around pathetic attempts at storytelling with no real direction. Heck, you don't even get a sense of mortality for most characters on the majority of television shows because each episode ends with the good guys winning and the bad guys losing. Lost is nothing like that, and that is why I fell in love with it. There really are no 'bad' guys in Lost as each character, even the ones that appear menacing represent just one aspect of humanity that is nevertheless essential to our evolution as a species, and that is the beauty of Lost.     Season 6 picks up where Season 5 left off: did the bomb go of? Were the time travelling losties returned to their present time-line? Did the detonation of said bomb (if it actually went off) make it so that flight 815 never crashed on that mysterious island? What follows is an amazing, if convoluted season that, while answering a great many questions brought up throughout its past 5 seasons raises many more (and leaves some questions unanswered). For those of you that were drawn to Lost because of its 'figure it out on your own' mentality, then all is as it should be. Nothing could be closer to the truth than the finale, which turned away more fans than George Lucas ever could. There are still viewers who don't understand the ending, and all I can say is...it is brilliant!     From the very first episode it was evident that there would be no spoon feeding to the audience, which of course spawned a massive hurricane of theories and what-ifs. As the answers slowing revealed themselves many \\"fans\\" found themselves at odds with the writers of the show, as if they (the audience) knew the show better than the writers. Some of the proposed theories turned out to be correct, while others fell flat on their false faces. While I would nevermake the claim that the writers knew how every episode and every season would pan out from the start (and I would never be so self-important to even assume as such as all great stories are created on a whim from inspiration and such), I do believe that the general outline of the story was known before the pilot episode of Season One aired. I believe they had the beginning plotted out and the very end; everything else in between was either partially planned or envisioned as the show progressed, and what a wonderful progression it has been.     Character progression is a very important element to me, and Lost has it in spades. Comparing the mentalities of the characters from Season One to their mentalities in Season Six it is very evident that these characters have evolved. From Jack's logical science mind to the fate imbued Jack of Season Six, each character evolved in a way that no other show has ever presented. Sure, some of the characters in Season Six (namely Claire, Sun, Jin and Sayid) didn't get their due, and felt largely wasted and more or less served as cardboard cutouts, the majority of the main cast had their stories fully explained. From the beginning Lost has always, I repeat, always been about character development. I challenge you to watch every single episode from Season One on and tell me that this isn't so. The mysteries and the mythology have been there as well, but it has always played a backseat to the characters (hence the myriad of flashbacks and love triangles etc). The mythology served more as an impetus to add unconventional aspects to a drama show, elements that would propel the show far beyond the average swill that usually populates your black box. Lost is a confusing, and at times frustrating experience, but one thing is for sure, it is poignant, beautiful and truly epic.     While the argument that Season Six feels rushed and more or less a season of the writers spewing forth answer after answer is not entirely incorrect, it loses sightof the purpose and crux of the show. The show has always been about fate vs. free will, science vs. faith, black vs. white, up vs. down; the show has always been about the polarities that unite and divide humanity in its plight and journey in this unknowable and mysterious world. The fact that we (the audience) received so many answers in such a rushed pace during the final season of the show is more owed to paying service to all of the angry and demanding fans that couldn't figure things out for themselves, as well as completing the circle that is Lost. Why did the writers wait until Season Six to reveal some of the nagging questions that had reared their head since Season One? Well, for starters they obviously didn't have all of the answers right away, which should be a given since great stories take time to craft and unfold. Second, even if the writers did know the answers to their questions before hand it would have ruined the show if they revealed all of the answers throughout every season. Part of the allure of Lost were the mind blowing finales that left you scratching your head, pondering what it all meant in swift anticipation for the next season. The fact that I can re-watch every season over and over again is a testament to how amazing the show is. If you are a newcomer to Lost, I highly recommend giving it a chance, as you will surely be introduced to a story that is unlike any other, yet so much like every other that you can easily identify with many of the core themes inherent within its masterful scenes.     As for the Blu Ray, the picture quality is unmatched. Detail is abundant and the picture looks very natural. Colors are vibrant and pop off your screen like the best HD has to offer. Audio is excellent as well. As for supplements we get your typical 'making ofs' and such as well as another follow up to the Lost University program, and finally 15 minutes of more Lost, in the form of another episode that answers more questions in a very satirical way.     From the sly literature and pop culture references to the deep, underlying philosophical and spiritual overtones, I highly recommend Lost Season Six on Blu Ray. Oh, and the finale will definitely make you feel something.
030726999X|4.0|The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is the third installment of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo trilogy by Stieg Larson.  Out of the three, for me this ranks second. I liked the second book the best, but this was close. It starts where The Girl Who Played with Fire leaves off with Salander in the hospital and under arrest for a vast array of charges. The majority of the book consists of Salander's closest confidants in journalism, the police, hackers, and even in the hospital to work out the real truth behind the murders and her horrible past.<br /><br />The first part of the book was slow as it unravelled all the people involved in the Zalachenko web; however, the last say 20% was great. Once the court room procedure began I couldn't put in down until the very end.  Salander was an incredible character; I couldn't get enough of her attitude, brash actions, incredible intelligence and cunning resourcefulness.<br /><br />The trilogy started off painful, but turned into a strong series.  I will watch the films for sure, and anticipate the American films as well.  Unfortunately Stieg Larsson died before the books were published, but I have heard rumours that a fourth manuscript was written. We will have to wait and see how the movies turn out, and how much if any truth there is to another book. For now the trilogy was well worth the time.
0061714372|5.0|This was a long awaited biography for me, Dave Mustaine has long been one of my favourite musicians. When I finally got my hands on a copy I dived in and devoured it! I read it twice and then read my favourite passages all over again. It was amazing to hear in his own words his highs and all time lows, Dave shares with us his troubles with early family life, his short lived career with Metallica...he opens up about his unexpected departure and in all honesty, when he is recounting the day when he is sent home on the bus, and then hearing his songs on Metallica's breakthrough Kill Em' All my heart sank and I cried. Fast forward to the amazing formation of the legendary Megadeth and the genius behind quintessential thrash albums such as 'Rust in Peace', 'Peace Sells But Who's Buying?' and 'Countdown to Extinction', Dave opens up about his problems with addiction, his feud with Metallica as well as the many encountered in the murky music industry. He writes with such honesty and integrity and after reading this biography it has just made me realize how much more this man means to me as one of my idols and ultimately to the fellow devoted droogies out there!
0439023513|5.0|This novel...<br /><br />THIS. NOVEL.<br /><br />Is...epic.<br /><br />It's epic in the way that makes you feel different, like you've aged, and tired, like you've trekked down a single road with no end in sight, and accomplished, like it's made a ripple in you, affected you in some way. It makes you feel.<br /><br />I came out of it not exactly crying, but kind of heaving a bit. The urge to cry was there, though. I just couldn't make any tears come about. It hit me in a way that's never happened before, like a huge emotional blow but not hugely emotional.<br /><br />In The Hunger Games, Mrs. Collins creates a world we're all captivated by, populated with characters we either love or hate, it doesn't matter, so long as it's clear that we clearly care.<br /><br />In Catching Fire, she keeps us on our toes, pulls the rug from under us, and ends in a high note.<br /><br />In Mockingjay, she recreates that world. She gives us more access to it. She spares no gruesome detail, makes not one thing neat, cuts no corners. She reshapes the characters, making them deeper and messier and more human. She breaks our heart, tugs at the strings of our imagination, makes it impossible for this world to not come alive.<br /><br />She's pushed the boundaries yet again here, and I am sure this will be hailed as one of the best series YA has to offer.<br /><br />Mockingjay feels different from the other two. I'm immensely pleased with it, and yet it was not at all what I was expecting. I was expecting something a little more...straightforward. Not that the previous two are straightforward in a linear way (not so), but they're usually more earnest. This one's careful, calculating. More mature in a way. Nothing's light, nothing is inconsequential.<br /><br />It also demanded my attention in a different way. I wasn't reading for the action in and of itself, although that's always a great motivator and there was plenty of that; I was reading because it was impossible not to. As I said on my Twitter, I love this, but not in a squealy and fangirly way. In a deeper way.<br /><br />I'm not sure if I've said anything here, anything that entices anyone to read, as if there are many people at least in the blogging community who haven't read it yet, but...there's really not much to say. It's useless trying to sell someone this book with an enticing summary because if you've come this far in the series, you'll want to know what happens, and if you haven't, you really should.<br /><br />It is a GREAT read. It is a MONUMENTAL read. This is an example of how a novel can have a great ending without selling out, or making things too bright, or being stale to not cause waves. It's an incredible example of an author whose imagination and whose work exceed her grasp. Who creates something so...wondrous.<br /><br />Really, I'm in awe. This is a freaking powerful piece of work. Unexpected, breathtaking, hilarious, heart-wrenching, all the while graceful. Sometimes you get lucky to come across something like this.<br /><br />Well, well, VERY well done, Mrs. Collins. And thank you, for a time well-spent, in a world I will be sure to revisit and, as much as I want to keep it to myself, will end up giving one-way tickets to, to anyone I can get to. Once in...never out. ;)<br /><br />A. Easy. Five stars. 10 out of 10.I'm not sure if I've said anything here, anything that entices anyone to read, as if there are many people at least in the blogging community who haven't read it yet, but...there's really not much to say. It's useless trying to sell someone this book with an enticing summary because if you've come this far in the series, you'll want to know what happens, and if you haven't, you really should.    It is a GREAT read. It is a MONUMENTAL read. This is an example of how a novel can have a great ending without selling out, or making things too bright, or being stale to not cause waves. It's an incredible example of an author whose imagination and whose work exceed her grasp. Who creates something so...wondrous.    Really, I'm in awe. This is a freaking powerful piece of work. Unexpected, breathtaking, hilarious, heart-wrenching, all the while graceful. Sometimes you get lucky to come across something like this.    Well, well, VERY well done, Mrs. Collins. And thank you, for a time well-spent, in a world I will be sure to revisit and, as much as I want to keep it to myself, will end up giving one-way tickets to, to anyone I can get to. Once in...never out. ;)    A. Easy. Five stars. 10 out of 10.
0439023513|5.0|Rating: 4.5/5 Stars<br /><br />THIS REVIEW CONTAINS WHAT SOME MAY SEE AS MINOR SPOILERS-PLEASE BE CAREFUL OF SPOILERS IN THE COMMENTS.<br /><br />About the Book: The third and final book in The Hunger Games trilogy. Rebellion is happening, Katniss is wanted to lead it, but she doesn't know if she can. No one is safe as the Capitol and the rebels fight in a powerplay and Katniss is in the middle of it all. Can she save the people she loves? Will the rebellion take down President Snow?<br /><br />GreenBeanTeenQueen Says: I bought the book at midnight and had it finished five hours later. The story was very engaging and action packed and I to keep reading-even if it meant staying up all night!!<br /><br />Mockingjay, and The Hunger Games trilogy in general, are books that beg to be discussed. After Mr. GreenBeanSexyMan read it, we spent an hour and a half talking about Mockingjay, and probably would have talked more if sleep hadn't taken over. I really feel like the books have a wide appeal and would really be great for a multi-generational book discussion-I think different ages will view things differently and I really can't wait to talk to my teens about it.<br /><br />This one has a different feel than the previous two-there's more war prep and combat than the other two books, but that's to be expected I guess, given that a rebellion is happening. There's also more on-page violence than in the first two books, which was somewhat jarring considering the first book had a lot of off-page violence. But then again, this is more of a war story and in war there are casualties and Ms. Collins never shies away from the pain and realities of war and its affects on everyone. I really loved that there wasn't an easy way out-the author shows that there never is an easy solution and that the path getting to the end isn't going to be easy-nor is the recovery. War will always have an effect on those involved and there's never an easy answer. I also loved the fact that while District 13 was found, they weren't an immediate savior and made everything better-District 13 wasn't perfect and the utopia some might have expected.<br /><br />The characters are very broken-think of all Katniss has been through leading up to this point-and throughout the book she switches between being strong and letting her broken state weigh her down. To me this made her even more realistic.<br /><br />There are lots of new characters introduced, but you get to know many of them, even if they are supporting characters. Ms. Collins has a way of writing about the supporting cast that makes you know them and care about them even if you haven't known them the whole series. Plus, she gives main characters who we haven't really gotten to see or know about from the first two books a time to shine, which I really enjoyed.<br /><br />Overall, I was satisfied with the ending and thought it was a great and realistic conclusion to the seriesor and made everything better-District 13 wasn't perfect and the utopia some might have expected.   The characters are very broken-think of all Katniss has been through leading up to this point-and throughout the book she switches between being strong and letting her broken state weigh her down. To me this made her even more realistic.   There are lots of new characters introduced, but you get to know many of them, even if they are supporting characters. Ms. Collins has a way of writing about the supporting cast that makes you know them and care about them even if you haven't known them the whole series. Plus, she gives main characters who we haven't really gotten to see or know about from the first two books a time to shine, which I really enjoyed.   Overall, I was satisfied with the ending and thought it was a great and realistic conclusion to the series
B003NHRIVQ|5.0|Nicholas Sparks has done it again; this story will touch your heart.  This was a wonderful story about a family struggling with divorce.  Greg Kinnear was phenomenal as the Father in this story; I lost my brother to Brain Cancer, who left behind 4 children so I cannot begin to tell you how this movie affected me personally.  I was very impressed with Miley Cyrus, this will be the movie that puts her Hannah Montana \\"Gig\\" behind her, she was wonderful and shows a lot of potential for bigger things.  Bobbie Coleman played the little brother and it broke my heart to watch him struggle with his father dying of cancer, it took me back to my brother's death and his 4 children's pain with all of the heartbreak that is experienced by those left behind.  This is an amazing story and I highly recommend it-keep your tissue box close-it is a tear jerker!
B002ZG9846|4.0|A young man, Dave Lizewski (Aaron Johnson) notices that there are no real super heroes and wonders why more people do not try. Therefore, he orders himself a standard superhero suit becoming Kick-Ass and is carried away in his fantasy.  He barely escapes the first hero attempt and to satisfy the girl of his dreams, asks for more.  He is in over his head and as luck would have, he is spared his fate by the intervention of a real superhero, Hit-Girl (Chlo Grace Moretz) and her Big Daddy (Nicolas Cage.)<br /><br />I have to admit that I never read the comic. I am sure that there is the standard mix of people that like or dislike the differences. However, this film can stand on its own as fun entertainment.  I especially like the nonchalant attitude of the Mindy Macready character as she casually dispatches bad guys and evil doers.<br /><br />This is well suited for the Blu-ray experience.<br /><br />Be sure to look at the DVD extras. In one of the documentaries, they note that hit girl is dressed in a standard student uniform. Until I saw this documentary, I never thought of the fact that it was not meant to be sexy but imply that she was a poor lost child. Yet now when I look back at it I can see how it could be misinterpreted. Look for yourself and see what you think.
0439023513|3.0|This series has a special place in my heart. The first two are beautifully written, making the reader laugh, cry, and even love with Katniss. In anticipation for the final book of the Hunger Games, I was hoping for closure, and a sense of peace. However, Collins left me with confusion and anger. I have always thought of Katniss as an unstoppable force, a rock in which her friends and family rely on. But, with the exception of a few pages, Katniss was a disappointment. She lacked the \\"fire\\" within her that was so prevalent in the first two books. I feel like Mockingjay was missing the spunk we saw in the Hunger Games and Catching Fire. When I finished this book, I sat, trying to figure out what this book was missing. I cannot put my finger on exactly what it was missing, but I can tell you, as the final book of the Hunger Games, it was an absolute disappointment.
B0032UYFA6|5.0|This is quite simply the best TV show I have ever watched. It pulls you in from the first episode and then you are completely hooked!!!
B003VANOFY|5.0|While I am not a huge gamer - unless you want to call \\"Second Life\\" or playing various Facebook games a \\"gamer\\" - I don't think I qualify.  But I have to say. I am a Mac person and although these wireless phones don't come with Mac drivers (I hope they will eventually and have written Logitech asking for a status on this as well as PS3 drivers) I can work the phones at their basic level just fine on my iMac.  I don't get button programming but the volume roller knob works and with my iMac watching video and listening to music is fantastic!  The sound is crisp and clear and for using on Skype (dorky as it seems) the microphone is wonderful, noise canceling and comfortable.<br /><br />These headphones remind me of a throwback from the 70's.  The big fat headphones with the padded ears and the coiled wires.  If you remember how comfortable those used to be, you'll understand what I am talking about.  Those were the most comfortable headphones.  Along came Sony with their Walkman in the 80's and those tiny headphones with the orange sponge covers ... I remember when these evolved and took over the consumer market.  Everything got smaller while giving up the comfort factor.  These Logitech G930 gamer headphones reminisce to the great days of listening to music in an easy chair for hours.  I watched several episodes of [[ASIN:B000FFJYE8 Weeds: Season One]] while sitting in front of my iMac 21.5\\" screen.  I could control volume easily with the scroll wheel on the side. Getting my iMac to work with the headphones required no CD driver installation -- I just went to my settings and changed the Sound input and output settings.  I have use of the buttons as forwarding through tracks, restarting and pausing.  No problem whatsoever.  Crisp, clear DVD sound and iTunes music sound.<br /><br />I decided to test the range on this headset (range from me/headset from the wireless adapter and iMac) and was extremely surprised that I could cover every corner of my house with no problem (2300 sq ft).  When I stepped outside and shut the door, I lost the signal completely.  When I stepped back inside, it came back.<br /><br />I realize that folks looking at this may be a totally gaming audience.  For a PC installation, I am sure that all functionality is available including the buttons and the 7.1 surround sound.  I hope that they will consider developing both Mac and PS3 drivers for this headset.  I've seen a desire for PS3 drivers for a headphone of this caliber and I hope Logitech sees and responds to that need.<br /><br />If I get an update from them regarding my request for a status on driver development, I will certainly post it here.  As a wireless headset even WITHOUT any CD installation I think they are fantastic and worth the money.  I almost considered giving the phones 4 stars but then realized that the platform is really MY issue and has nothing to do with the quality of the device itself.  I also almost wondered why Logitech did not include some kind of little plastic stand for them until I realized that the phones lay totally flat.  Storing them is easy.<br /><br />I have to also say that I like the USB wire spool and the ability to use the phones (tethered to the USB of course) while they charge.  Ingenious!  It's as simple as plugging the USB wireless adapter into the spool and the spool into your computer.  Plenty of cable to work with while they charge,  Very cool feature.<br /><br />The phones are comfortable, durable and look like they can stand the long haul and hours of use at a time.  Even my [[ASIN:B002M38I2U Bose QuietComfort 15 Acoustic Noise Cancelling Headphones]] can't hold a candle to these regarding comfort.  These are made to be worn for hours at a time.  They definitely help to block ambient noise and are a pleasure to wear and should fit heads and ears of many sizes.  I might question youth sizing though and suggest that these be tried on in a store if possible.  There are a lot of adjustments that can be made to them but it seems like ages 10-up would be the best fit for these.  It's a matter of the length.  If there is any question on sizing, I would suggest trying them on if possible.<br /><br />Fantastic headphones.  I'll wait patiently for newer, multi-platform drivers and will report back.<br /><br />5 Stars for quality in fit, finish and functionality.<br /><br />UPDATE: News on Mac and PS3 directly from the Logitech engineers:<br />\\"We currently don't have plans for releasing Mac software for the G930. Logitech is very aware that the number of Mac gamers is growing and we're taking that into consideration for future development of our products.<br /><br />It's a \\"no\\" on the PS3 also I am afraid. The PS3 does not support USB audio out, and the audio in is looking for a specific VID_PID.<br /><br />Sorry the news isn't better, but it is what it is!\\"be the best fit for these.   It's a matter of the length.   If there is any question on sizing, I would suggest trying them on if possible.    Fantastic headphones.  I'll wait patiently for newer, multi-platform drivers and will report back.     5 Stars for quality in fit, finish and functionality.      UPDATE: News on Mac and PS3 directly from the Logitech engineers:  \\"We currently don't have plans for releasing Mac software for the G930. Logitech is very aware that the number of Mac gamers is growing and we're taking that into consideration for future development of our products.    It's a \\"no\\" on the PS3 also I am afraid. The PS3 does not support USB audio out, and the audio in is looking for a specific VID_PID.    Sorry the news isn't better, but it is what it is!\\"
B002ZG981E|5.0|Unless you are prone to fall asleep during movies (I usually have the same problem, especially with shallow plots), ignore the reviews that imply that Inception is \\"confusing\\".  It's true that the movie presents some mysteries to be resolved (which Nolan does quite well) in addition to some of the most thrilling action scenes in recent cinema, but Nolan takes great pains to make the plot easy to follow.  The elaborate plans made by the team are simplified for the audience through the characters' strategy sessions, and when simultaneous actions are taking place on different levels, the use of entirely different settings for each level make it extremely easy to follow the abrupt shifts.  Why anyone would find this puzzling is...well, quite puzzling.    Go see this movie...you'll be glad you did.  I'm not a big Leo fan, but he (along with the rest of the cast) did an outstanding job. Each member of the 'team' gets his/her own moments to shine, which is extremely gratifying for the viewer.  Memorable characters, unpredictable plot twists (and dialogue!), and outstanding special effects make this one a keeper.    Can't wait for the blu-ray!
159448385X|5.0|Fascinating and captivating historical novel.  I've read books about Afghan (modern) history and they've all been good -- but this book tells that history marvelously through the tragic and uplifting story of two women struggling for normalcy and dignity in a culture that is hard on women.  I got teary eyed a few times towards the end.  The final sentence of the book brought a smile to my face.  I enjoyed this book immensely.
B003L77TZI|4.0|So is Katy Perry's new album \\"Teenage Dream\\" contrived, derived and unoriginal?  The answer to all three would be a resounding yes! So why on earth in spite of this fact is her new album so unbelievably great????  Well, the answer may be complicated if not impossible to fully answer.  The simple brilliance of Katy Perry would be simplicity and self awareness....thus the brilliant cover art of her nude in clouds that reveal Katy for what she truly is...an absolutely gorgeous young woman with very a simple, straight forward message....give them what they want.  And Katy delivers!!!....Take a song like \\"Pearl\\" ...which I believe happens to be the gem of the entire album....it's a lush, gaudy, maudlin, tribute to \\"woman power\\" and although the lyrics are silly beyond belief,  it may be just the song many girls need these days.  Another winner here is \\"who am I living for?\\".....I really liked this song, as it has a very European feel to it and it has another very simplistic but resonant message that many will relate to.  Other stand-outs include the track \\"Firework\\" which sounds reminiscent of just about any track on LeAnn Rimes \\"Twisted Angel\\" album and the fun as hell yet most irresponsible track  \\"Last Friday Night\\".  Immediate hits such as \\"California Gurls\\" are OK and fun but overheard at this point so they will be most likely skipped over..but the beauty is that there are plenty of other addictive tracks in waiting! Finally, Kudos also to pristine production, as the album sounds loud, clear and near when headphones are one.  Well done Katy!!!
B000S9EIN8|5.0|At first I wasn't sure if I wanted The Grapes of Wrath. When I finally made up my mind, I wanted a beautiful edition, for I know this is a classic. I decided I wanted a facsimile edition, but I didn't know where I'd be able to find it. I looked up in Amazon and found this one. Can't really complain! It is an exact replica of that edition originally published in the 40's!
B003L77TZI|5.0|Teenage Dream is a ridiculously good album for an artist that I think a lot of people often overlook. Katy really delivers with this Teenage Dream! The album is packed with songs that could be her next big hit! There are fun dance songs, but also some songs that cover more serious matters. I think Katy has always been good at being able to have fun, but be serious when she needs to be. This album shows how serious she is about her career! My favorite tracks are The One That Got Away, Firework, Teenage Dream, and Pearl. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!! - WT
1400052173|5.0|If I have a Autistic child in a hospital who proves String Theory and a doctor realises it and uses that work to invent time travel should my child not receive credit for it? It seems to me everyone who made the slightest contribution to space travel and nuclear advances gets credited but when it comes to medicine it's about who gets it to be marketable first. Life is cheap and your parts mean more than your whole self as far as the are concerned. How do you think they would treat a poor black person with a natural immunity to A.I.D.S. today?     I loved the science of the book and the heart it was written in.
B000KGGB2A|5.0|Take That is the best band that those in the United States have never heard of.  This CD features most of their best recent work and is excellent from start to finish.  I highly recommend this CD!
B0024RID60|5.0|The Stones in topform rejuvenated by the punkmovment and in the same time gives all the young punks a thorough lesson in rock n roll. This is a band that boiled down to one organic essence and its very to the bone. Rhythm section, guitars and Micks voice dominates but the sound is ornamented with intimate harp, sax, and keyboards. Fab songwriting all over so that the soulclassic \\"Just my imagination\\" should be proud to qualify (and that says a lot of the other nine songs). What more to add than thank you very much, you animals and \\"sheedoby...... shattered\\"...etc.
B0011U8O1U|5.0|This is without doubt, one of the best concert DVDs you could own.  Fantastic show, great music!
B002VECM6S|5.0|This movie showed how someone who had no real confidence in himself and was headed for trouble had his life turned around by people who really cared. It was wonderful. There was nothing offensive in the language or story line at all. Just a really good down to earth movie.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|I love Fawlty Towers and have been a dedicated fan for decades, but this DVD, with each episode re-mastered is simply a must-have for any Fawlty Towers fan.  The re-mastering makes the episodes look great and of course, this is some of the best comedy to ever emerge from England.  A fantastic DVD that would be a great addition to any fan's collection!
B002N5N5LQ|5.0|If you haven't discovered this show during it's first stellar season, catch up asap. Easily one of the funniest shows on right now. Solid, inventive, and at times surprising.     Anyway, you can find that all on your own. My point is...why no HD option?   I can stream 30 Rock in HD but can't get a Blu-Ray version. Why not?  Now it seems that Community is going to be released on DVD only, so I'll pass and just watch in HD on Netflix.     I would immediately buy this if it was on Blu-Ray, but until then...
B000TTRGUE|4.0|I am a DJ and need to have a good vocal microphone.  This one works like a charm.
B003JTHETY|5.0|Iron Maiden's final album hits a zenith for the band's brand of heavy metal. The lyrics are fascinating, the melodies are complex and rich, the leads are in a class by themselves. This is absolutely the best Iron Maiden has every produced. This effort shows how each member of the band has evolved both creatively and as musicians.     It does take a lot of getting into, more than any of their previous work, but that makes the album that much more impressive once you start to appreciate it. This is destined to be regarded as Maiden's creative highpoint.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|This seller is the best. I thought I had a problem and he graciously fixed it without any questions asked. I would definitely order from him again.
B002ZG996I|1.0|Let me say first that I can't understand why people are so generous with stars in some reviews. Not just of this movie,but of any movie. Does \\"The Backup Plan\\" even deserve five stars from anyone? Would you compare this film with the likes of Casablanca,Gone With The Wind,Goodfellas or Taxi Driver? These are films that deserve four to five stars. But this trash? No!! I just wish people just didn't throw so many stars at movies that even at their best would merit a two and a half to three star earning.Anywho.<br />  This movie is the basic romantic comedy to an extent. Boy meets girl-she at first doesn't like him-he in turn is smitten beyond belief. They run into each other..she wants to avoid him,he wants to date. Did I mention when they met that she had just gotten artificially inseminated?? Yeah she is single and supposedly hasn't met \\"the one\\" yet so she decided to be a parent all by herself. They go on first date and well do I need to go on? Jennifer's acting was horrible and she was always in full makeup-even when getting up in the morning. Her obvious fake eyelashes annoyed me. The guy love interest gets upset when he finds out she is pregnant and acts weird and basically shows all the signs that he is not okay with it. Yet even though he is apparently not wanting to go through with it,this is a movie so you know how it will end. One scene that annoyed me was when she drove out to his farm in the country and besides where she gets into an accident while pregnant-which is supposed to be funny??-she is inside his kitchen and spots a pot of chili and some fresh bread. She kinda looks for a spoon but never even opens a drawer. She just grabs a handful of bread slices and dips the whole thing into the pot-I am not kidding-and starts eating it like she hasn't eaten in weeks! She is shoving this into her mouth and chili is all over her hand and mouth and he walks in behind her with flowers. He sees this and doesn't ask what is wrong with her? No pregnant woman would act this way.I've been pregnant...we aren't starving pigs!!They play on this theme throughout her pregnancy and she is constantly eating. She is eating chicken in bed and attemps to make love with him but he is turned off by a piece of it in her hair. She moves back to her side and sees some chicken under the cover and eats it.Then the whole support group thing got on my nerves. The birth scene was ridiculous and unnecessary. All in all this was just one awful picture. Please avoid unless you want to waste two hours of your life!!!!t this way.I've been pregnant...we aren't starving pigs!!They play on this theme throughout her pregnancy and she is constantly eating. She is eating chicken in bed and attemps to make love with him but he is turned off by a piece of it in her hair. She moves back to her side and sees some chicken under the cover and eats it.Then the whole support group thing got on my nerves. The birth scene was ridiculous and unnecessary. All in all this was just one awful picture. Please avoid unless you want to waste two hours of your life!!!!
1569242739|5.0|It's funny when you read the lower star reviews because there really are no legitimate complaints with this book.  It is a CUPCAKE cookbook so, no, i don't go to this cookbook for a healthy recipe.  I did hope to find some yummy cupcake recipes that I could make for special occassions and bring to parties.  Honestly, this book allows me to go to get togethers with food that I know everybody will enjoy.  Yes, I usually also do bring some vegetable to showcase, but people remember the cupcakes.  They are so creative and they are soo good.  You can also try a recipe for the first time and be able to take it somewhere that night...it is that reliable!!  Non-vegans (which is everyone I hang out with) have even mentioned that these cupcakes were the best they ever tasted.  Absolute favorites are the toasted coconut cupcakes, the gingerbread cupcakes, the coconut lime cupcakes, and the carrot cake cupcakes.
0439023513|5.0|I won't spoil the final book in the series for those who have yet to read it.  I'll only say that I am very impressed with Ms. Collins for what she has achieved and the messages she's worked so hard to impress upon all of her fans.  And to say that she's divulged in an interview that the story was planned to be what it is from the beginning.    By the end of the second book, readers had expected there to be some losses, maybe either Peeta or Gale?  Maybe not.  I don't think we expected for it to end perfect and clean.  And it doesn't.     I really enjoyed this final book.  It will be controversial because it is a different kind of book than the first two.  It is certainly shocking beyond anything readers will have expected.  And very moving.      There will likely be some fans who'll be upset by some of the turns of the story, just as there are others who'll be satisfied with it.  Either way, the book makes you reflect on all the themes presented.  That is exactly what was intended, and it was done very, very well.    I have only praise for Suzanne Collins, who has become one of my favorite authors with THE HUNGER GAMES series, one of my all-time favorites that I will never forget.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I would first like to say that the reviews should be on the content of this set, and not on the show itself. There are plenty of reviews of the show itself on all of the single season sets.     For anyone who already has the first 5 seasons, you may want to save your money since most of its contents are just for fun and have no practical use. However, if you are like me and either don't have any of the seasons, or are converting to Blu Ray, I highly recommend this box set. It's much cheaper than purchasing them individually and the presentation/contents make it more enjoyable.     For anyone who either already has it, or will be purchasing it, will notice one of the items is a Dharma Initiative black light. They provided this for a reason (although it's nothing huge). Play around with it (hint: perhaps inside the box?).     5 out of 5 bananas for me. Great show, and great box set put together to make you feel like you spent your money well. Die hard fans will not be disappointed!
B000I2J2W2|5.0|Get this: A great sci-fi film with a plot based on Shakespeare's The Tempest, in ultra-wide screen (2.40:1), electronically created soundtrack, dazzling color. AND MADE IN 1956!<br /><br />I would love to see this re-released for the big screen, but while waiting forever for Warner to issue the Blu-day disc I decided instead to opt for an already available 1080p disc in HD DVD which was released in November, 2006, for the true 50th anniversary.<br /><br />Unless you have spent your entire life on Pandora, you probably know the story of the space ship, United Planets Cruiser C-57D, under the command of Commander J.J. Adams (a dark-haired Leslie Nielsen) sent to rescue survivors on an earlier mission to Altair IV, which is rebuffed by the sole survivor. Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), who lives with his daughter, Altaira (the beautiful Anne Francis), born on the planet, and his articulate, handyman robot, Robby. Morbius warns Adams not to land because an invisible monster eliminated all members of the earlier Bellerophon crew, and that Adams's crew could meet the same fate. Of course, Commander Adams rises to the challenge and the film begins.<br /><br />The film was shot entirely indoors on  M-G-M Culver City sound stages. Special effects for the landing sequence and the monster were created by an animator, Joshua Meador, on loan from Disney, and are incredible for 1956. Some matted frames (e.g., Altaira and the tiger) are a bit crude by current standards but Lucas reworked the original Star Wars a few years ago because his were not much better in 1977. The extras show deleted scenes -- crude, but amazing they exist at all -- and lots of interesting tidbits that will engage you. Robby the Robot (which cost an expensive $125.000 to build) had a career outside Forbidden Planet, particularly on the TV show The Twilight Zone, but it is documented in the extras by the film The Invisible Boy and by a The Thin Man TV episode in crystal clear black and white.<br /><br />The Blu-day disc, though four years late, should be as feature-filled as the HD DVD disc, and I recommend it highly.<br /><br />There is talk of a Forbidden Planet remake. It is truly unnecessary, much as the terrible remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still. The 1956 version stands the test of time quite well.ears late, should be as feature-filled as the HD DVD disc, and I recommend it highly.    There is talk of a Forbidden Planet remake. It is truly unnecessary, much as the terrible remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still. The 1956 version stands the test of time quite well.
B0015DROBO|3.0|Enjoyable read but delivers far less than the cover and title promise.  I found myself terribly bored and frustrated reading the bits in between where the wonderfully complex character of Salander appears.  Larsson almost does her justice but the rest of the story I think is poorly woven.<br /><br />I would love to see this conceptually excellent book rewritten by a group of good writers.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|This movie held the attention of my youngest son and myself, and that is a non-trivial accomplishment.  Despite the usual and totally insipid tear-jerking moments, the movie is over-all startlingly effective with truly awesome creative graphics and augmented reality.<br /><br />On multiple levels, I found this movie worthy, and while I would normally have made it a four, am kicking it up to a five.  I like the comments of the top reviewers, but disagree with their three ratings.
B000VD5I94|3.0|No wonder it's a fantastic movie as well as a milestone of Sci-fi film. However, you will be inevitably disappointed and suffered if you expect a HD video quality.
B0032FPVKE|5.0|This well padded, small to medium size bag is perfect for my Pentax X90 superzoom camera.  The fabric is strong, zippers work well and seem well made. The shoulder strap is solid.  With the camera in its place in the main compartment, there is room inside the bag (on the other side of the movable divider) for the charger power cord.  The front pocket easily holds the battery charger.  The two side pockets have room for additional SD cards. lens cloths, etc.  The netting inside the front pocket has separated from the seam tape at the top, but that doesn't create a problem for my use.  Overall, very happy with this case.  Compared to the price of similar sized camera bags, this was an excellent value.  Would strongly recommend to my friends.
B003OCWF6I|5.0|If you like action and not to have to stress over plot you will like this movie. Lots of action lots of different weapons and a pretty girl thrown in who can handle a rocket launcher. What more could you ask for.
0439023513|5.0|**SPOILERS**    Wow. I waited for a year for that book and I was not disappointed. I wasted an entire day and read well into the night. It was truly amazing. MOCKINGJAY was just what everyone was hoping for, if not more. There was plenty of action, many twists, and finally a decision between Peeta and Gale. But there was also a lot of death.    The beginning of the book I didn't find as exciting as the previous books. There was a lot of time spent in District 13 where Katniss was recovering from her time in the arena. She mostly spent time wandering around the district. Then the president of 13 finally convinces her to own up to her role as the Mockingjay. They start to make little videos of Katniss to show to the rest of the country. But of course, given a script, Katniss doesn't preform. So they take her to District 8 where finally Katniss gets to do something. There's a bombing and Katniss gets to shoot down the hovercrafts dropping the bombs. Then they go back to 13 again and don't do too much. But of course the majority of the action was saved for the end.    Peeta was still in the Capital for a lot of the book. When they finally rescue him, along with Annie and Johanna he has major problems due to the torturing from the Capital. He has been hijacked, meaning that Snow took all of Peeta's memories of Katniss and associated them with bad things. So when finally Katniss gets to see Peeta he tries to strangle her. She can't stand the guilt of being near him so she asks for the president of 13 to send her to another district. She goes to 2, the only district that isn't on the rebels side. They blow up the Capitals main place for the Peacekeepers and Katniss convinces them to come over to their side. Only after she is shot.    They go back to 13 and they are preparing to overtake the Capital. Katniss is told she can't go because of her injuries. But she and Johanna go to training and Katniss eventually does get to go and they go and attack the Capital. The last partof the book I cried a lot. They were trying to get to Snow's mansion and a lot of people die along the way. Katniss's group includes the president right hand man, a couple of camera people, Finnick, Gale, 4 other sharp shooters, and Peeta. Most of the group dies on the way. I was really upset when Finnick died because he had just gotten married to Annie and now she was left without him. Peeta is a bit better about being around Katniss but not completely. President Coin of District 13 sends him hoping that he might kill Katniss. He asks to be handcuffed so he can't hurt her or anyone else. There is a lot of blood, a lot of action, and a lot going on. Katniss is the only one who makes it to the front of the mansion. Four others are alive but couldn't make it as far.     At the front of the mansion the have a pen of the Capital's children. Silver parachutes like those in the games rain down on the children but they end up being bombs. Rebel medics rush in to help. One of which being Prim. But then the rest of the parachutes go off and they kill the medics too. Including Prim. That was when I cried. Prim, who Katniss tried so hard to protect, dies. I don't stop crying until I finish the book.     Katniss kills the president of 13 and Snow dies in the process. She is sent back to district 12 where the Victor's Village was left unharmed after the bombs destroyed the rest of the district. Peeta comes back too and he doesn't feel the need to kill Katniss anymore. Katniss later says that she does love him and they end up together. I admit that I really was set on having Katniss with Gale but in the end it seemed right for Peeta and Katniss to be together. After the 2 Games they were in, and Peeta loving Katniss to hating her and finally being able to love her again it just seemed... right.     The series wasn't entirely happy (in fact it had very little happy in it) and this was definitely the saddest of all them. I think I cried more in this book than any other. When I finished I had to keep reminding myself that it wasn't my life, it was just a book, because i was so upset about it. But I like books that effect me like that. This will probably always be my favorite series. All good things must end but this was definitely a PHENOMENAL ending.
B000094P4U|1.0|I purchased this DVD from a private seller to view as a requirement for a graduate level class and when I tried to watch it, an error code popped up telling me that I did not have authority to view it in my \\"Region.\\"  Upon researching this error, I learned that all DVD players and DVDs are coded by Region, and DVDs cannot be viewed in different regions; for instance, the USA, Canada and Bermuda are Region 1, and Region 2 includes parts of Europe, Egypt, Japan, South Africa, Swaziland, Greeland, etc.   The DVD that I bought, purchased here in the US, is only authorized for viewing in Region 2.  I have learned my lesson, and write this review to alert others to be aware of something that I had no idea even existed.
B003NHRIVQ|5.0|I thought this movie was amazing. I thought each cast member brought something to the movie. Miley Cyrus achieved her goal, in my book, and any other \\"non-judgmental\\" human being can now see her as something more than Hannah Montana. Her chemistry with Liam Hemsworth was impeccable. Greg K played an amazing part in this, considering this movie is very different from his others. I've never cried during a movie before, but there was something about this that just made me lose it! Nicholas Sparks created yet again another masterpiece.
0143115723|5.0|I watched the movie Invictus and enjoyed it, so I thought I'd try the book Playing the Enemy. Turns out the movie was very faithful to the book as well. What makes this so much more than just another Cinderella/underdog sports story? The timing of this World Cup Rugby match. I don't pretend to understand Rugby, and you don't need to - it's really about how Nelson Mandela, soon after being released from prison, seizes an opportunity to use rugby to help unite South Africa.<br /><br />After years of repression, apartheid, white supremacy rule, the Blacks had elected Mandela as their new president of South Africa. Both white and black radicals wanted revenge, power - violence was breaking out. How to stop it? By using the very symbol of white racism - the South African rugby team - Nelson Mandela gave everyone something they could support, a cause to rally behind. It ain't crazy if it works, and this actually worked. He got the blacks to see the rugby team as belonging to all of South Africa, no longer something that only the whites would watch.<br /><br />What makes this book work so well are the characters behind the history. Of course the successful change from white rule to free elections was made possible by more than just a rugby game, but the author shows how many different approaches Nelson Mandela used to ensure peace. The focus is on the people - the game, the politics and strife remain in the background. This is not by any means an exhaustive history of the end of apartheid, but rather a very compelling piece of that story. Very uplifting and motivating, that in of itself, makes for a good read.
0439023513|2.0|I feel betrayed by this book. My daughter and I read and loved and recommended the first two books of the series to many. In our opinion, Suzanne Collins was writing a book about resilience, integrity, leadership and hope. Qualities and ideas we admire. Sure it was set in an oppression setting. Being regular book club readers, we were able to note a connection to real life oppression in certain geographies and time in history. We were willing to leave the pleasure of the book and discuss what we might learn that related to real life.     However,the fact that Ms. Collins decided we \\"needed\\" a real life lesson in oppression and the emotional and fatal costs of rebellion is beyond insulting. To have lured us in with some high quality morals, riveting challenges and characters we came to truly love, to give us a \\"good lesson\\" about the realities of war seems so dishonest, so self-righteous and so without conscience that I am disgusted.     We hated this book and reading it ruined everything we loved about the others. Please don't buy this book.
0439023513|5.0|i loved every minute reading this. i had preordered it on my kindle and i had trouble paying attension in class because i wanted to read it instead of lisening to boring lectures!!! good ending, and i wish a certain person hadnt died in the end, but loved it anyways!!!
0439023513|3.0|Having just finished reading this book, I sat there for a minute trying to find the right word to describe my response. I wasn't happy; I wasn't upset; I wasn't angry; I wasn't satisfied. I guess the word is Disappointed. Honestly? I expected a lot from this book. I expected action, character development, plot twists, and agony. It should have been the final book, the epic ending, the climax. I am baffled. Did I expect too much from Suzanne Collins? Or was she just too scared to bring it her all and make the final book the explosion that she could? Maybe its both. I know that I personally, and many others, tend to expect a lot from final books in a series. For Harry Potter, I was even a bit disappointed. And you can't top JK Rowling. For Twilight, well, that just sucked and and the ending was even worse. Series of Unfortunate Events: I guess its impossible for them to ever have a happy ending. The Uglies series left me slightly annoyed as well. The Mortal Instruments series didn't end as I wanted it to, but at least the main character was smart, had her own ideas, and was independent. I could go on and on. I also think that SC could have done so much more. This book had so much potential to be AMAZING. I don't know if its true or not, or if I'm the only one who feels this way, but I think SC was afraid to anger her readers. Which is the worst thing an author can possibly do. By writing to please an audience, and not to tell a story, the book loses its passion, its power, and its emotion. Sure, sure, she killed characters. Even characters that I had grown attached to. I though Finnick and Prim had developed so much over the course of the book, and it sucked to see them die, but their deaths didn't make me feel anything. Some books I measure in how much they make me cry, and for this one, I shed not one tear. I wasn't even on the verge of tearing up. I guess since Katniss was numb, everything she felt was just there, matter of fact, and she couldn't even cry. She hasbeen through so much that she can't feel anymore. Well I think that's BS. Katniss had so much potential and could have been so strong. She could have, instead of been broken by her hardships, been hardened by it, becoming a strong individual that beats to no one's drum but hers. She could have done so much, but all she did was sit there numbly while being taken care of by others. Which brings me to another point.    Katniss seems pretty darn good at being numb. God, that's like the most common word in this book. It was okay in the beginning, but she should have become stronger, discovered herself, and learned to ignore the pain and do something worthwhile. But that never happened. She just sat there, as someone else's pawn, doing practically nothing, until the end. I used to love her as a protagonist, but by the end of the final book, she just annoyed me. She displayed nothing more than minimal, somewhat pathetic bursts of \\"independence\\", such as when she started to fight in Districts 8 and 2. But then again, that's exactly what those in charge wanted her to do. She provided excellent material for their Mockingjay videos. Her mission to kill Snow was her high point, but she never got a chance to complete it. She passes out after seeing her sister die and she wakes up in a bed, being taken care of. She became addicted to painkillers for christssake. She later goes on to kill Coin, but then, back to being numb again! She has no part in deciding her fate, just sits there feeling bad for herself. When it's decided she can live, she moves her moping back to District 12 where, after months more of numbly sitting there, she marries Peeta and has kids. She succumbed to grief instead of conquering it. Her character didn't really develop at all, which is something that should have happened.     But it wasn't everyone that was flat. Some of the other character development was spectacular. Finnick, Gale, Prim, maybe even Haymitch all discovered themselves and became independent, and followed THEIR dreams, not someone else's. I kinda wish I could add Katniss to that list... but I can't.   All in all though, I didn't hate this book. I know it seems like it, but I really did like it, apart from the ending. I just wish SC could go back and rewrite the final chapters. I wish Katniss could have completed her mission, found Snow and had a one on one with him. Just them, no one else. The conversation would have been epic and she would have let loose the anger and said everything she felt. Then killed him. Not as someone's pawn but as herself. She making her own decisions. That's what should have happened, she should have found herself.    Now to address the Peeta vs. Gale argument. Truthfully? I couldn't care less who she chose. Yeah I was rooting for Gale, but that isn't the reason I dislike the ending. She decides that she wants Peeta after he comes back for her and they grow close again. This is all well and good, but this whole thing takes half a page. No conversation, no anything. Basically, it's because he came to her, and Gale moved on with his life that she picked Peeta. And the epilogue was terrible, which is all I will say about it.  All of it felt like such an add-on. Something that SC added at the last minute to please some fan girls. Earlier, Gale mentioned that she'd choose whomever she couldn't survive without, which is exactly what she did. After hearing what Gale said, she decided that she didn't need either of them, and I wish she had stuck to that decision. I don't know if SC was trying to make me disappointed in Katniss or if she truly thought she was doing the right thing. Four words: I HATE HELPLESS PROTAGONISTS. I don't care if its a happy ending or not, when the main character has to depend on someone else, and never grows into her own person, the book is ruined for me.     The reason I gave this book 3 stars and not 2 or 1 is because I think the series as a whole is wonderful and truly original. It will stay on my bookshelf, I'm not throwing it into the fire, because ultimately, the author is the one who calls the shots. Though I think she made terrible decisions regarding the end of this one, I can't discount the entire series because of it. Who knows? Maybe she planned for us to hate her main character, its been done before. It just upsets me that this book fell so short of its potential, and that it could have been just so epic... well... I guess we can't change the past. All we have to look forward to is the prequel that's bound to come out in about a year, year in a half.   I know many people disagree with me, people that thought this book was perfect. But I have read too many books to think that, and I thought the ending was flat, went too quickly and was a bit of a letdown.   For a series that is about oppression and the people's attempts to overcome it and spread their wings in freedom, I don't think the ending successfully portrayed such liberty, especially in the main character. Maybe that is what SC intended, but for me, it wasn't fulfilling.   I look forward to whatever SC comes out with next, but I won't go in with as much excitement and as many expectations as before.
044656740X|5.0|Robert Kiyosaki writes in an engaging manner that is easy to read but wonderfully refreshing and sound. I wish I had understood this 40 years ago. I highly recommend it!
0385504225|5.0|Seriously I enjoyed all of his books (well the movies may not be that good), so The Lost Symbol is definitely a page turner. Read it, read it, read it :D
B001U7B4T8|1.0|I have the original version of this concert on VCR and wanted to update on DVD.  This is NOT the original concert I thought it was - it is bits n pieces of it, colour and sound are terrible - it`s like a bad copy of the original - a fake.  I would have returned it accept it is open, and the return policy only pays back half the cost of item, plus you are responsible for shipping.  I have now ordered with my local store - the REAL version, which is 2 dvd`s, and am waiting on the arrival.  I purchased this for a TRUE Bob Dylan`s fan Birthday, and he was so disappointed also.  This will be thrown in garbage or perhaps recycling - what a waste of $25.00!!!  Next time I will read the reviews before purchasing anything,as I am not the only one who feels this way.  This should be removed from Amazon website I believe.<br /><br />On a positive note, I have purchased many books and other dvd`s from Amazon and am very impressed with product, and service.
B000KLRUKC|5.0|The product was received in a timely manner and in excellent condition.  Once I heard the opera I was delighted.  Thanks
B00005OM4Q|5.0|Great movie. Captures the time perfectly. The guy who plays Cameron Crowe's alias, William Miller, is brilliant. The soundtrack is perfect and the extra scenes add so much. I never get tired of watching this movie, and the other thing I really enjoyed on this version was the commentary from Cameron Crowe and his mother, Alice, which provides a very interesting angle. Some great lines, and the way they created a group for this movie, Stillwater, was a major feat in itself. Top marks. Anyone who loves early 70s rock music will love this movie.
0143118420|1.0|Sorry, but doesn't feasting on brutalized animals seem at all incongruous with the pursuit of enlightenment to this author?  Odd odyssey.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|After being disappointed by the Twilight and Harry Potter endings (only the epilouge), it was nice to read a series with just enough information to make you satisfied. I was really worried when it seemed a bit longer for the story to get going but I loves the last book of this series. It's one I can see me reading over and over. I hope this writer starts a new series. Her writing catches my interest right away and holds it through the whole book! I highly recommend you read the series if you haven't yet!!!
B001SGEUNI|5.0|One of the best cd's of 2009 featuring todays premier female vocalist, Lzzy Hale.  There's not a note she can't hit or a song she can't sing.  Everyone song is good and there's even a few bonus tracks that should be on this cd.  It sounds a little bit produced, but don't worry, she's even better in person or on their live EP (One and Done), if you've ever seen them live you know what I mean.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|Worst ending to a series I have ever read....the story totally fizzles out after the first 1/4 of the book. So disappointing after how   great Eclipse was. The ending is so anti climatic. It makes you feel the last part of the book was a waste of time to read. I have only read it once right after I bought it and have no desire to read it again. Game over...fans lost....
B000B5QWKG|5.0|This is one of my favorite Bands i basically could hear all of their cd's one after the other and its perfect this is a good one great songs
031606792X|5.0|I recived this Item in the  mail yesterday. I bought it new. and it was in that condition. very happy with my buy.
B00009P1O2|5.0|can you really go wrong with Queen??? no words can explain the voice of Freddie and this amazing band.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I have had my share of headphones, like the AX720 (Digital Surround), X31, Ear Force DSS(Digital Surround) paired with the AD700, and now the PX21.  If i had started with the PX21, it would have been my only headphones.  Light, Great sound, nice price.  Get it and you wont regret it.  it might save you from going crazy into buying more expensive options.  It lacks the directional prtecission of higher priced products, and the high quality sound of Audiophile Headphones, but for $80 you get everytnog you need for online gaming with the mic, and multi console compatible    I just went through a gaming marathon with BC2, Dragon Age Origins, GTA Episodes, MAG.  The headset performs GREAT in all around gaming sound.  Really comfortable. no after use headache or weird ear feelings, just awesome.  I sugest to turn off the mic when not needed, because the mic has a feedback mechanism which allows you to hear what the mic picks up, so ambient noice might bother while playing RPGs.  Just turn it off and you are good to go.
B0006IIKS0|5.0|ok. wow...this dvd is both a joke and yet interesting. i agree with what Jason Newsted said. but according to my friend, James Hetfield is now a seriously very nice guy to meet. watch this is you hate them or like them. will you like it??? i dont know...
B000JMKOI2|3.0|Found this book a little redundant but enjoyable. I was suprised that the ending was so abrupt and not very satisfying.
B000VZBCWE|5.0|can you really go wrong with Queen??? no words can explain the voice of Freddie and this amazing band.
B000UJ48WC|5.0|I've heard so many rumours about the aspect ratio of this film. I heard that Kubrick hated the widescreen format because he thought it to be a distraction. I really don't care! Where DVD dropped the ball, here is a chance for Blu-ray to recover and run in in for a touchdown. Put the damn movie out in an HD format in it's original aspect ratio. Nuff said.
B0001IN0DA|5.0|i will watch anything WWE/WWF. Wrestlemania will always be the bomb - sorry TNA wrestling. not only that, but this is the limited edition.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I felt like I'd just gotten back from running a marathon after reading this novel: breathless, palms sweaty, exhausted but still wide-awake from endorphins. Mockingjay sucked me into Katniss's war-torn world, just like its predecessors, but has a distinctly different feel. The tone is darker, grittier, the story centering on the war and Katniss's place in it rather than her singular fight for survival. There are very few fluffy, fashion-related scenes to distract from the guns and violence. More than ever, Katniss questions the motives of those attempting to control her - District 13's president, the Capitol, President Snow - and finds that any answers she can get are ambiguous at best.    The pace builds speed gradually. Slow in the beginning, then rocketing toward a gut-wrenching conclusion. The death toll mounts more quickly, with even minor character deaths evoking emotional responses (from both the other characters and the reader).     Katniss's character is truly tested in this novel. She reaches new levels of ruthlessness interspersed with moments of unprecedented vulnerability. Collins, like the Gamemakers in her novels, knows how to exploit her characters' weaknesses and doesn't hesitate to have them burned, tortured and scarred to their emotional and physical limits. Katniss, the girl on fire, really feels like a victim for maybe the first time. But even half-crazy, bruised and more than a little unstable, she remains a character that's impossible not to love.    Background characters also receive their share of development. The superficial-seeming bravado of Finnick and Johanna crumbles and their depths of character, hinted at in Catching Fire, are fully fleshed out. Gale's presence is more prevalent in Mockingjay, but less a source of happiness and hominess for Katniss. Peeta's torture-induced transformation is the most jarring, but perhaps also the most satisfying in its conclusion.     And the love-triangle, the resolution of which was my most pressingconcern upon picking up Mockingjay? Late in the book, Haymitch says with drunken insensitivity, \\"What is it, sweetheart. More boy trouble?\\" and Katniss is hurt by the callous comment, the presumption that her utmost concern after all she's gone through is which boy to choose.  There are still moments of cuteness that I will surely reread and coo over, but the romance is relegated to a background role that is necessary given the severity of their situation.     Collins does an amazing job of answering any pressing questions - romantic and otherwise - but also allowing a sense of uncertainty and unease to linger even after the series' conclusion. Despite being very little like I'd imagined it, Mockingjay is the best - not the happiest or even necessarily the most satisfying - conclusion to Panem's war and Katniss's personal journey.
B003JTHETY|1.0|The album is quite good, but my review here is about the package PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PACKAGE. Indeed please go and buy the original version ([[ASIN:B003JTHESA The Final Frontier]]) because it's a really great album.<br /><br />The \\"Mission Edition\\" in the other hand is the biggest rip-off I've ever been victim of, The package is cheap and is not even a real metal case, it's not labeled AT ALL it's just a generic case with a badly pasted sticker on the back THAT'S IT, THAT'S ALL YOU GET, there's no bonus material, no picture booklet, no poster, no enhanced CD, NOTHING!!!!<br /><br />I know it's not Amazon's fault, but if they are wise, they'll stop carrying this version of the album and save themselves a lot of returns and complains.
B003QCCS36|5.0|Disclaimer: I am a big Ray LaMontagne fan. I think he is a very talented and interesting singer-songwriter. Therefore, I waited and sat on this album for awhile before writing this review. I gave it a few spins, which turned into a few more spins, and so on.    This album is a real grower. If you are already familiar with Ray's work then you will like it immediately. Clocking in at just under 45 minutes, it is Ray's first album without producer Ethan Johns. He is backed by the Pariah Dogs, a very tight group of musicians who have worked with and toured with him before. Although Ray's voice and story-telling is always at the forefront, this does sound more like a band's record. There is more of a country-folk feel, with pedal steel guitars and harmonica throughout. The album as a whole seems more organic and loose than his previous albums, which is a good thing.     I won't go through track by track, as others already have. The standouts are the first single \\"Beg Steal and Borrow\\" and \\"Old Before Our Time.\\" There is no bad cut on the record, although I do think \\"Like Rock and Roll Radio\\" goes on a bit too long. Some people have complained that Ray's voice is a little too over the top, a little too hushed-raspy. I think that overall he reins it in a little more under control for this outing (and for the record, I think he has an awesome voice - go see him live and you'll see that he sounds just like he does on record!)    In short, if you already like Ray Lamontagne then don't even hesitate getting this CD. If you are new to his music, I would recommend giving this a try if you are interested in great current singer-songwriters and folk-rock.
031606792X|1.0|Convoluted plot, weak characters. All in all, a bad read.  Read when bored...or looking for a wacked-up escapist fantasy.
B00005JKG7|5.0|Talk about bad weather! When the fog rolls in on a sleepy coastal village, its townspeople find themselves being stalked by a group of vengeful sea-faring ghosts, whose hundred year slumber has finally come to an end. Strange occurrences pile up as the body-count rises before folks wise up to what is happening, but is it too late to save the town, and more importantly, themselves?<br /><br />A chilling score, spooky atmosphere and an authentic sea-side setting all combine to make this one of the best ghost stories of the 80's and one of writer/director John Carpenter's personal best as well. It also helps that the film is host to one of the ensemble casts in horror history. Carpenter regulars such as Charles Cyphers, Adrienne Barbeau and Nancy Loomis star alongside the likes of Jamie Lee Curtis (reuniting with Carpenter for the first time since \\"[[ASIN:B000RIWAVW Halloween]]\\"), Janet Leigh and Hal Holbrook. Heck, there's even 80's horror/cult icon Tom Atkins, who you'll notice is without his trademark mustache. The film itself, like all of Carpenter's best work, moves at a slow pace, bubbling with a sense of dread and mounting suspense before releasing its knockout conclusion.<br /><br />Sandwiched between more celebrated Carpenter classic such as \\"Halloween,\\" \\"[[ASIN:0783227507 The Thing]]\\" and \\"[[ASIN:B00004Y87O Escape from New York]]\\", \\"The Fog\\" is often overlooked and in turn, is one of the director's most underrated films. Certain aspects of the film might make it appear dated (the cars, the haircuts) but the film still holds up as a classy and thrilling little chiller. Those looking for a thick slice of supernatural suspense will clearly find what they need in \\"The Fog\\".
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I e-mailed vendor to tell them the product was not in New condition as advertised, they replied one time with what else was wrong beside not being factory wrapped.  I told them the discs were in pink CD holders like you would buy at office max, did not hear back from them after that. hopefully discs are viewable.
B001VNB54A|2.0|While this series had incredibly high production values, and was visually stunning, it was quite a disappointment.<br /><br />Decent acting.  Poor character development.  Sluggish pace.  No memorable dialog.  All it has going for it is looks.  Shallow.<br /><br />Even with the barrage of masterfully done battle scenes, I struggled to make it through the entire series.<br /><br />Stick with Band of Brothers.  If you want Pacific Theater drama, go with The Thin Red Line, and the Letters from Iwo Jima / Flags of our Fathers combo.
0545265355|4.0|No doubt if you're looking at this product, you already know The Hungry Games Trilogy are all great books!<br /><br />In my mind, there's really only a few reasons for a \\"boxset\\" to exist: 1) To give as a a better looking gift than three separate books to someone who somehow missed the phenomenon along the way or is missing some of the collection. 2) Because they include something special w/ the set that makes it more meaningful, or 3) Because it's cheaper to buy them as a set.<br /><br />In this case, this set is only your best choice if you want to give the set as a gift.  I wish they'd included something special that made it more worthwhile than a cardboard container to hold them.  I don't think it would have hurt to add in a mockingjay pin and an exclusive map or poster  - since the set costs more than the individual books combined. (Or did, the day I was writing this.) Who knows? Maybe they will come up with a more special set after the third books been out a bit longer.<br /><br />Still, there's plenty of avid teen readers that are just now getting to the age to begin enjoying these tales, and a set of the books would definitely make a great gift for them boxed or unboxed.
B003JYOEYM|4.0|and a few laughs to boot! could of actually done without the comedic relief, and the movie might of fared better without it too, but all and all a pretty good installment in Romero's Zombie Saga. 4 Stars here, and recommend at least a rental.<br /><br />can't wait to see where he takes it next! :)
B000P0J0EW|5.0|I loved this movie and watched it several times.  Stephan King did it again with another great story, one of my favorites
B003JTHETY|3.0|The music on this new one is right inbetween Brave New World and AMOL&D. AMOLD could possibly be the worst album of Maidens career so i'm glad to hear the boys rockin' out again. I've listened about 10 times now. The intro Satellite song isn't nearly as experimental and weird as some people have reported. The songs are of average pace and have the typical trademark solos and bass rattling. Not much new ground and the artwork is absolutely appalling to think that this is even some kind of version of Eddie. And the alien skull w/ crossbones new logo is just laughable for Maiden to toss away the Eddie icon so easily.<br />this Mission Edition only has exclusive web stuff so not much xtra to it besides a plain old tin can to hold the cd and it doesn't even have the Iron maiden name or logo anywhere on it! Rod Smallwood needs to be looking at these details again. Maiden fans deserve and expect better art & packaging then this (the IM  sticker in the picture is only on there if you successfully peel the sticker off the wrapper - good luck).
B0032FPVKE|3.0|In many ways, this is a decent bargain.  It appears to be well-made and sturdy, and the inside pocket is well-padded.  It would be nice if there were more mesh pockets, but that's not such a big deal.  My big complaint is the size.  Amazon says the bag's dimensions are 7.9 x 4 x 5.7 in.  My measurements come out to 6.9 x 4 x 5.4 in, and the length of the inner pocket is less than 6 inches.  I'm keeping the bag because I can just barely fit my pocket camcorder and accessories inside, and also I'm just too lazy to pack it up and send it back, but this has definitely lowered my opinion of Amazon.
0439023513|2.0|Completely different feel than the other books.  Bleak, depressing, and ultimately....flat.  The characters that we fell in love with are wholly unrecognizable, and while I understand that mental illness and other trauma-induced illnesses are explored, I was hoping we'd at least get a glimmer of what we remember.
0307454541|2.0|This book is a passable mystery thriller, no more.  I can't see how it has managed to distinguish itself from any of the many other pulp mystery novels.  I think it must tread on the shock value of brutal sexual violence, because it doesn't really have any other standout qualities.  The characters are shallow and unlikeable.  The writing is cliche and hackneyed.  The dialogue is cheesy and cringe-inducing.  The main story is an average, basic mystery plot, and it is sandwiched between an incredibly boring beginning and ending.  The subplot (Wennerstrom) is superfluous, uninteresting, and totally over the top.<br /><br />I'm really not sure how this book has received so much hype; it's an average to below-average murder/mystery novel -- that's all.  Can someone please call Malcolm Gladwell and get him to figure out how this book gained so much momentum?
1416596097|4.0|This is a good LeCarre book. Maybe not quite as interesting as some of the earlier books, but a good read nonethless.<br /><br />J. Robert Ewbank author \\"John Wesley, Natural Man, and the 'Isms'\\"
0596806027|3.0|I waited many months to receive this book. While it has some good information I am not sure it was worth the wait. The first several chapters are mainly a history of HTML. While this might be interesting to some I found it added nothing to the book.<br /><br />Once you get into HTML 5 the book has a lot of good information but much of it will be out of date quickly. It has a lot of information on what browsers do and do not support each feature. This sort of information is better presented by a web site which can be updated as new versions of browsers come out.
B001G0MFOM|1.0|I loved the first three seasons of The L Word, and it all went downhill after that. The last season was a complete joke, 8 episodes?! Are you kidding me? I don't pay extra money to have Showtime for a lousy 8 episodes, and bad ones at that. There are no questions answered in the season finale at all, what was the reason the writers had for killing off Jenny? This season was the worst season of any tv show I have ever watched and I regret keeping Showtime to watch the final season, it was a waste of time and money on my part.
0439023513|5.0|(brief description and review, no spoilers)<br /><br />Katniss continues to be the lightning rod as her world explodes into flames, and she is left with the ashes.<br /><br />The author has created a believable world in this gripping trilogy, with unforgettable characters in desperate situations, and the Mockingjay rises to the occasion and is a fitting end to this superb trilogy. As in all of the best writings, you feel that you have stepped into their shoes, and seen through their eyes for whatever portion of their life the author has chosen to reveal. I will not forget Katniss and her band of friends.
B003L77TZI|5.0|Katy Perry's new album, \\"Teenage Dream\\" smells like cotton candy. No really - the limited edition first run of the album has a cotton candy scented lyric booklet. To some, it may be a little too much, but it's one of the things that makes this record and Katy Perry's image aesthetically pleasing.     This album isn't anything unusual, it's simply just a guilty pleasure from a woman with amazing vocals and a magnetizing personality. The songs are all catchy and single-worthy (\\"Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.),\\" and \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\") and the lyrics are quick-witted, sometimes risque (\\"Peacock\\"), and overall easy to relate to.     Hands down, the best pop record of 2010.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This video contains valuable information about what is happening to the foodchain in America.  Greed has overtaken common sense.  It's time to take a hard look at what we are doing.  Everyone should see this video and decide for themselves if we are going in the right direction.
0316069906|5.0|I heard about this book during an episode of Charlie Rose. The information brought up was enough for my wife and I to decide on getting the book for ourselves. It has been more than worth it, and now we find ourselves talking about and getting it for others frequently.<br /><br />I have always been a meat eater's meat eater. I love grilling, steaks, burgers, hot-dogs, bacon, you name it. After finding out how these products get to our stores and onto our plates I have changed. Now the only meat my wife and I eat is fish and we are moving steadily towards veganism. The irony is that the change hasn't been bad at all. I've found that 95% of the foods I love can be matched or beaten by simply good cooking using items from the farmers market (for burgers we grill eggplant and portabella mushrooms with onions, peppers, avocado, cabbage, veggie bacon and vegan cheese). Throughout this process, along with getting more exercise, I have lost 50Lbs. We look better, we feel better, we cook better, and it hasn't been difficult to do.<br /><br />The book is incredibly thoughtful and well written. It presents a broad perspective on the complex issues involved with eating animals and the repercussions thereof. There is a distinct argument for vegetarianism throughout the book - but after all, there is a distinct argument for vegetarianism in life. The information is compelling and enjoyable and easily digested. The effect over all is one of building a clear vision of the issue and inevitably increasing how intentional one is about their eating habits - even if that simply means giving money to cleaner, more conscientious meat producers. Both to keep those businesses alive that produce healthy(er) meat and for the flavor and health of your meals themselves.<br /><br />Great read, strongly recommended.
B00000K3CM|4.0|My daughter purchased this DVD since she loves this movie.  The DVD box showed a little wear but the DVD works fine.
1416572287|4.0|This was an enjoyable read and an entertaining way to learn about quantum mechanics.    Knowledge of Quantum Mechanics before book: Very little  Knowledge of Quantum Mechanics after book: A little bit more    This book will not give you the depth and breadth of an entire branch of science but it will help make the general theories of quantum mechanics and physics less intimidating.  That being said ... I read it once and will have to go back to discover what I've missed.    If you're interested in quantum mechanics but were afraid to ask and didn't want to enroll in a PhD program, this may be the book for you.
0143116177|4.0|A number of years ago, I fell in love with the three volumes of \\"History of Commerce\\" written by Fernand Braudel.  The French historian's sweeping narrative of the rise and evolution of the many elements that became the foundation of the modern global economy overflowed with the details that can bring a dry story to life.  While Niall Ferguson may or may not relish his name and his writing being linked to Fernand Braudel, but I often recalled that earlier work as I read the British historian's new single volume \\"The Ascent of Money, A Financial History of the World.\\"<br /><br />With a more modest ambition, Ferguson is able in just six chapters to recount the story of the adoption and evolution of money in its various forms, drawing on history, economic theory, political science, and behavioral psychology among other fields, to present his story of our world financial system.  Beginning with the creation and evolution of money itself, both currency and coinage, he proceeds to discuss bonds, investment bubbles, risk management, real estate (especially domestic residential real estate), and the place and future role of the U.S. dollar in the world financial system.<br /><br />With his book hitting the stores just as we entered the latest economic recession, Ferguson attempted perhaps unwisely to reframe his work without rewriting it and emphasize those aspects that related to the suspected root causes of this still ongoing crisis.  His effort was not a failure but to a degree distracts the reader from the book's more general, fundamental relevance and value.<br /><br />Compared to Braudel's delightful though admittedly encyclopedic approach, Ferguson's is a speed skater's version of the story and I believe both deserve a place in your library.
0446614459|2.0|I have read Baldacci's entire Camel Club series and was looking forward to reading King and Maxwell series. Prior to reading \\"Split Second\\" I read \\"Hour Game\\", the second in the King and Maxwell series. I didn't know that it was second in the seris since it was the first Baldacci book I read. I enjoyed all his Camel Club books as well as \\"Hour Game\\" and was expecting the same level of entertainment from this book. I have to admit that about halfway into it I just didn't recognize Baldacci. It was the first Baldacci novel where I couldn't wait for the end just so I could get it out of the way. His other books draw you in and keep you engaged throughout the end. Not this one. The end is totally contrived, the villain is just not believable. Nor are any explanations that are given for his actions. Worse yet is that I just simply did not care who the villain was as I was not at all following any of the other possible leads that were considered. I would not recommend this book to anyone except the most die hard Baldacci fans who are probably going to read despite all the negative reviews given here. I am very disappointed in this one. But I suppose they can't all be great.
B002IKLZZY|5.0|I wont go so far as to say that North By Northwest is Alfred Hitchcock's best film. Many,myself included, think that honor belongs to Vertigo. But I do believe that I've come to consider it my favorite, after many viewings going back almost three decades. If I had to recommend one Hitchcock film to some poor unfortunate that had never been privledged to see one, this would be it.    Some complain that it doesn't make much logical sense,and I wont gainsay that. I do say that most people that watch it end up not caring a jot. It moves with breakneck pace from the first few seconds and never slows down. Along the way you get action,suspense,mystery,humor,romance,and some unforgetable dialogue. It's almost worth the purchase price just to listen as two of the greatest voices in movies history,Cary Grant and James Mason, share the screen. Sheer magic.    As far as the extras go I think as with the film itself you are getting the appropriate bang for your buck. There are two features on the movie itself and one each on Cary Grant and Hitchcock. I enjoyed them all,and learned a few things that I didn't know before. All in all an excellant dessert to complement the feast that is North By Northwest.
B003L77TZI|4.0|I admit.. I was a little skeptical when I first heard the title of the new album. I should have known better, Katy Perry doesn't put out anything but the best - and this album is no exception. There is such an awesome range on everything from her singing highs and lows and the tempos of the songs. I'm totally in love with this album and can't wait until mine comes to listen to the rest of the tracks! -kjm
B003JTHETY|5.0|To me,this album will go down as one of my fave Maiden albums.From beginning to end filled with short and long epic songs that satisfy.Satellite 15,El Dorado,Mother of Mercy,The Alchemist,Isle of Avalon & The Talisman highlight an enjoyable and worth repeating over and over again effort.If you have been with Maiden for years as I,what are you waiting for...You will love and put it in your top 5...  Long live Maiden
B002N5N5M0|5.0|Absolutely amazing! I love this show more and more.    This season Dexter keeps on messing up, so it makes him more human. Yet, as any hero (or anti-hero) he is always fine in the end.    Bottom line: love the show beyond belief!
0439023513|5.0|Life is not wrapped up in a neat bow.  There are some scars that never heal.  These are facts of the world we, and Katniss, inhabit.  A flowery joyous ending would have done a great disservice to the characters as well as the readers who expected, and were given, more.  I cannot describe how happy I am that this did not devolve into a \\"which boy will she choose?\\" book - there are enough of those already.  What we were given instead was an open, honest portrayal of human nature.    5 stars for a series I enjoyed immensely.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|I LOVE the Beatles. I probably have their whole catalog on vinyl. I was very hesitant about buying this album. I was thinking that this was just another love song compliation. I was so wrong. This is a very nice compliation that focuses on improved sound quality. George Martin and his son Giles began work on LOVE after getting permission from Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Yoko Ono, and Olivia Harrison (the latter two representing John Lennon and George Harrison, respectively).<br /><br />I really think that the Martin's did a masterful job with the mix. The songs seems to flow together seamlessly. I can tell that this project was a labor of LOVE. McCartney and Starr, the two surviving members of The Beatles, responded very positively to the album. McCartney noted that \\"This album puts The Beatles back together again, because suddenly there's John and George with me and Ringo\\". Starr commended the Martin's for the album and said that the album is \\"really powerful for me and I even heard things I'd forgotten we'd recorded.<br /><br />If the two surviving members appreciate this album; that says a lot. It is was so nice to hear my favorite Beatle, John Lennon's vocals so clearly defined.<br /><br />At the 50th annual Grammy awards on 10 February 2008, the album won Grammys in two categories--Best Compilation Soundtrack Album and Best Surround Sound Album.<br /><br />The album was released in three versions--a standard Compact Disc version, a two-disc CD and DVD-Audio package, and a two-disc vinyl package. The DVD-Audio disc contains a 5.1-channel surround sound mix (96 kHz 24-bit MLP), downmixable to two-channel. For backwards compatibility it also contains separate audio-only DVD-Video content with two-channel stereo (48 kHz 16-bit PCM) and 5.1-channel surround (448 kbit/s Dolby Digital and 754 kbit/s DTS).
0141018828|5.0|Other reviewers here have commented about the work itself, so I would just add a note about this specific translation.<br /><br />One of the most difficult tasks for a reader interested in non-English language work (and works from classical times in particular) is to choose an appropriate translation.  Of course, what counts as `appropriate' is somewhat subjective.<br /><br />What I was looking for was a translation that is clear and accurate; one that manages to convey something of a feeling for the both the person who wrote, and the times they wrote in.  In this Staniforth excels.<br /><br />Unlike say, the Benjamin Jowett translation of Plato which (at least to my ears) has a distinctly Victorian ring, or the popular new age paraphrases of many of the Stoics (and in truth they are paraphrases or adaptations rather than translations), to me Staniforth (whose translation dates from 1964) strikes just the right balance.<br /><br />The words of Marcus Aurelius are rendered intelligibly and with a dignity and awareness of the historical context.  The reader is neither forced to re-read and ponder (i.e., speculatively re-translate), nor wince at inappropriate colloquialisms of 21st century English.  Better still, one can immediately perceive and appreciate the times in which the work was written. No mean accomplishment, to say the least.<br /><br />Of course, each reader needs to make this judgment for themselves.  Amazon provides an excellent (and free) way of doing this with its `search inside this book' feature, which is enormously useful for anyone making this decision.
0439023513|3.0|Had the first or second book been like book three, I would have never read the next. I feel the author wanted an ending that broke conventions. She partially succeeded, however as a result she also managed to destroy just about everything I was enjoying about the series. The ending was disjointed from everything that preceded it. It did not fit the characters, the storyline, nor the overall feel. It read as if it were tacked on; as if written during a bout of writer's block, depression, or both. I should have stopped reading at the cliffhanger in book 2. Sadly, I didn't. The powerful ending that could have been, was never written, and instead I'm left feeling like I ended a wonderful feast with a glass of sour milk. Three stars only because the first half of the book was enjoyable.
B002XTBE6K|2.0|This is the most humorless Jane Austen adaptation I've seen. Wonderful comic characters such as Mr. Woodhouse, Mrs. Elton and Miss Bates are rendered boring. Pales in comparison to the Gwneth Paltrow version, both in casting, music and wit. I've enjoyed Romola Garai in the past, but here she overacts -- constantly making faces. The location photography while pretty, has no particular style. Biggest complaint: why is this spread over four hours? Hopelessly padded. Johnny Lee Miller is no Jeremy Northam. This production is only adequate.
B002T9H2LK|1.0|One star in one star too many for this sick product of a sick mind of what is becoming a sick industry in Hollywood. I could go up the ladder, but I'll stop here for the purpose of this review. In fact there's nothing to review. This movie amounts to nothing, artistically or in any other way. It is a revenge fantasy that comes 65 years too late, so I am at a loss to find the motivation behind this movie.  I feel sorry for those young minds who are exposed to this garbage and even more so to see some expressing appreciation. Just glad I live in a different country and a different culture.
B003JTHESA|4.0|While \\"The Final Frontier\\" marks the reformed Iron Maiden's second decade, 1995's \\"The X-Factor\\" remains the stylistic template for Harris and co. Though many obsess over Dickinson's absence, \\"The X-Factor\\" also introduced a darker, slower, somewhat more cumbersome IM that had been hinted at on \\"Fear of the Dark.\\" All of the slow builds, extra-extended middle sections and more grinding, less galloping rhythms that have dominated latter day Maiden found full voice on Bayley's debut, and with each new release it becomes more evident that this is simply how Maiden writes music now. There's nothing, for sure, wrong with this formula and it has engendered many successes, but it also provides a muted effect--lengthier, more ponderous songs combined with less memorable songwriting means less bang for your buck and less enjoyment per minute.  Still, while every recent Maiden album and \\"The Final Frontier\\" in particular could use some judicious editing and perhaps a few infusions of energy, the core songwriting remains pretty solid, with enough soaring choruses and searing guitar lines to make \\"The Final Frontier\\" more than worth a listen for most metalheads.<br /><br />\\"The Final Frontier\\"'s sci-fi artwork is gaudy and cheesy even by Maiden standards, but this goofy cover does hint at the new flavors found in this iteration. Most noticeable, if not most interesting, is the futuristic, vaguely industrial flavor found in the introduction \\"Satellite 15\\" and continued in the more airy and spacious \\"Starblind.\\" Still, these new hints are mere garnish on the template. Indeed, \\"Satellite 15,\\" while somewhat interesting, could stand to be chopped or, better, given its own track to prevent it from dragging down the more immediate material of the album's first half. Epic heavy though the album  is, the listener is treated to a number of more concentrated efforts in the opening half, with the straight forward, catchy title track and the rather brisk if somewhat faceless \\"The Alchemist.\\" Best however, are the first single \\"El Dorado,\\" a soaring galloper of the first-rate (though needlessly bloated by a minute of so), and the magnificent ballad \\"Coming Home.\\" (The latter has perhaps Dickinson's finest vocal performance of the last decade.)<br /><br />The second half, however, is wall-to-wall epics, with the shortest track coming in near 8 minutes. I, surely, have nothing against metal epics, but they must be used more sparingly. That said, the overall songwriting steps up and every track is interesting, though not, perhaps, 100% consistent. (See the tonally exotic but somewhat meandering \\"Isle of Avalon\\" and \\"The Man Who Would Be King,\\" which is Maiden's definitive \\"fun 6-ish minute track needlessly expanded to epic length.) Most immediately striking is the aforementioned \\"Starblind,\\" with a tense, fierce vocal performance from Dickinson and numerous spiraling leads to match the jagged, off-kilter riffing. \\"The Talisman,\\" however, is the best track on the album, which, after the acoustic intro, leaps into a \\"Ghost of the Navigator\\" epic rocker mode and keeps pushing for the final 7 minutes. Finally, we get a bit more distinctive flavor in the folk-tinged closer \\"When the Wild Wind Blows.\\" This is a quintessential piece of modern Maiden--an 11 minute epic that builds with extreme care and never really jumps out at the listener. And yet, with care one kind find plenty of stirring vocal melodies and a smoothly, calmly varying mood that makes the track more than worth your time.<br /><br />At bottom, whether one enjoys \\"The Final Frontier\\" is a question of listener fatigue. Some Maiden fans have wearied of the band's current approach and somewhat diminished songwriting abilities, and I doubt \\"The Final Frontier\\" will win them back. However, if you've found the last decade or so to be worthwhile, \\"The Final Frontier\\" will likely give you something more to enjoy.however, are the first single \\"El Dorado,\\" a soaring galloper of the first-rate (though needlessly bloated by a minute of so), and the magnificent ballad \\"Coming Home.\\" (The latter has perhaps Dickinson's finest vocal performance of the last decade.)    The second half, however, is wall-to-wall epics, with the shortest track coming in near 8 minutes. I, surely, have nothing against metal epics, but they must be used more sparingly. That said, the overall songwriting steps up and every track is interesting, though not, perhaps, 100% consistent. (See the tonally exotic but somewhat meandering \\"Isle of Avalon\\" and \\"The Man Who Would Be King,\\" which is Maiden's definitive \\"fun 6-ish minute track needlessly expanded to epic length.) Most immediately striking is the aforementioned \\"Starblind,\\" with a tense, fierce vocal performance from Dickinson and numerous spiraling leads to match the jagged, off-kilter riffing. \\"The Talisman,\\" however, is the best track on the album, which, after the acoustic intro, leaps into a \\"Ghost of the Navigator\\" epic rocker mode and keeps pushing for the final 7 minutes. Finally, we get a bit more distinctive flavor in the folk-tinged closer \\"When the Wild Wind Blows.\\" This is a quintessential piece of modern Maiden--an 11 minute epic that builds with extreme care and never really jumps out at the listener. And yet, with care one kind find plenty of stirring vocal melodies and a smoothly, calmly varying mood that makes the track more than worth your time.     At bottom, whether one enjoys \\"The Final Frontier\\" is a question of listener fatigue. Some Maiden fans have wearied of the band's current approach and somewhat diminished songwriting abilities, and I doubt \\"The Final Frontier\\" will win them back. However, if you've found the last decade or so to be worthwhile, \\"The Final Frontier\\" will likely give you something more to enjoy.
0143118420|5.0|Why does the story of one woman's journey inspire so much angst? Maybe for the same reason most of us haven't yet learned to respect an opinion (and the opinion giver) that differs from our own. Of course she's imperfect for Pete's sake...she's human! And she wrote a book many people have enjoyed reading. What is so terrible about that?
B00004RF97|5.0|They really don't make movies like this any more ! This movie is among the best comedies ever made . Cary Grant and Katherine Hepburn are incredible together . Jimmy Stewart is such fun to watch . Just a great film .
0316067938|1.0|I found this book excruciatingly dull and stupid.  There's no character development and not much action.  There's absolutely nothing that Ms. Meyer cannot attribute to her characters, like the Greek gods of old.  They don't have a consistent set of restraints within the physical or psychological world.  How convenient.  No one has to deal with their limitations because there's always a friend who can overcome it, no matter what.  I read the first three in this series and found them mildly entertaining.  This book is not worth the time and money I invested in it, and wouldn't be worth it if I had spent less time and money.
6305736650|5.0|When they were making this film they never realized what it would become . I'm not the best reviewer . I just love classic movies and this is one of the best movies ever . If you haven't seen it your in for a treat .
0439023513|2.0|SPOILERS  AHEAD    You know it is a very bad sign when you are reading a particularly gruesome scene in which a major character dies and your first reaction is not grief or horror but to wonder how Lionsgate is going to include that in the movie without losing the PG-13 rating.  And then to wonder if Lionsgate had any clue how dramatically Suzanne Collins was going to derail what had, up until Mockingjay, been  a remarkably inventive and engrossing series.     Mockingjay was one of my most anticipated reads of the year.  So far, it has been the biggest disappointment.  It's not a bad book, but it could have been so, so much more if Suzanne Collins had managed to trust the intelligence of her readers, and allowed us to draw our own conclusions about war and its cost. I think most people would have gotten the point without being bludgeoned by it in such a heavy-handed and unbalanced way. I wrote the following paragraph in response to another review, and it sums up one of my major issues with Mockingjay:    \\"...Collins' intention was to show how compared to the realities of war, personal relationships don't matter. She sacrificed the major impact of her story to preach a self-evident message: War is Hell. No kidding. The true tragedy of war is its impact on real people, and real relationships, and unfortunately, there weren't any people who felt very real in Mockingjay. All the deaths would have mattered a lot more to me as a reader if the characters had been multi-dimensional. ... I can think of several places in the book where just a few more words or paragraphs would have shed a lot of light on the characters and their motivations, and would have made the losses that much more poignant or horrifying.\\"    Characters who had been so vibrant and interesting in the first two books were one dimensional and inconsistent in Mockingjay.  So flat and lifeless had they become that when they, inevitably, bit the dust, I hardly cared.  What should have been the emotional climax, Prim's horrific death, didn't elicit anything more from me than a \\"Well, you could see that coming a mile away.\\"  And the impact of Katniss's breakdown following Prim's death was diluted by the amount of time Katniss had already spent hospitalized, drugged, or otherwise wallowing in misery.      I am guessing that Collins wanted to show how helpless Katniss is, and how futile her efforts to take control of her life are.  I'm guessing, because I don't really think she showed that in any way that elicited pity or compassion from me.  It mostly all seemed like a huge muddled mess.  And, even worse, it felt manipulative, and intellectually dishonest.  I don't think there are many people who would contend that war is a good thing.  There is no doubt that media can be intrusive, used to sway public opinion, and that reality shows can be grotesque.  But those very same media that Collins attempts to skewer in the Hunger Games books are the media she is using to drum up publicity for her books.  Ironic much?      My very biggest problem with Mockingjay rests with the overall tone of the ending. I didn't want or expect hearts, flowers and rainbows, but if an author is going to include an epilogue that is at least 15 years after the events, I do expect to see some character growth, some movement towards healing, even if that healing can never be complete.   I would even have settled for an indication that Katniss actually had some love for her children and for Peeta. If it is true that human history is filled with an unending cycle of wars, it is also true that human beings are remarkably resilient, and resilience had been one of Katniss's most notable characteristics.  Instead, in the epilogue we are apparently left with a Katniss whose emotions are  so deadened that she is incapable of joy in her children or in her husband.  I can't fathom what Collins wanted me, as a reader, to feel at that point.  Life is misery and then we die?  War destroys everything and there's no hope?  I have no idea.  What I mostly felt was that I had just wasted 5 hours of my life that could have been spent reading better books.
B0026PMN70|4.0|The people behind Desco, Soulfire, and now Daptone Records & Truth And Soul,   continue to produce funk and soul music that sometimes stand right alongside   the real thing from the late 60s and early 70s.   Lee Fields has been around for quite some time, and this really should be his   breakthrough record.   \\"Honey dove\\" is amazing, this is the third time he has recorded it, and this   time Lee Fields & The Expressions gets everything right. It a modern soul   classic, with Leon Michels, Homer Steinweiss and the rest of The Expressions   cooking with natural soul behind Mr. Fields. Other smoking tracks are \\"Money   Is King\\", \\"My World\\" and the cool instrumental \\"Expressions Theme\\".     If you are a newcomer to the modern funk and soul scene, and want to check out   some other stuff, I highly recommand these albums:   Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings - 100 days, 100 nights.   Sugarman Three - Pure Cane Sugar.   The Whitefield Brothers - In The Raw.   Spanky Wilson & The Quantic Soul Orchestra - I'm Thankful.   The Budos Band - The Budos Band.
1400097029|2.0|A \\"chalet\\" in the lexicon of Irish novelist John Banville is a low-rent summer cottage, such as the one where his character Max Morden spent seaside months of his childhood. Morden is now an elderly man mourning the death of his wife. He has returned to the scene of his childhood passion first for the mother and then the daughter of the Grace family, who occupied the manor house a step or two higher in social status than the chalets. Morden intersperses his memories of the Graces and of his wife as artfully as a casino dealer shuffles cards. Naturally his mood is one of desolation, but his despondency is more than personal. It's the weariness of an exhausted culture, of a British Empire upon which the Sun has decidedly set and the Moon not chosen to rise. Morden is mordant, cynical, self-pitying under the guise of stiffening the proverbial upper lip. He's scarcely an admirable old chap, but he supposes that his forthright contempt for himself will draw our admiration.<br /><br />John Banville writes very fine sentences. Occasionally he tosses off, in the voice of his narrator Morden, a metaphor or a descriptive phrase of stunning originality and brilliance. What's more, his narrative voice is rigorously consistent and plausible. As a man of more education than he's ever found use for, Max Morden employs the full panoply of the English language, of its syntactical niceties and its lush vocabulary. Author Banville isn't chary of rare words; on one page, for instance, I find: colloquy, littoral, supine, expiation, anabasis, publican, tremulous, remonstrate, aperu, papules, and euphonious. Yes, it's a delightful performance, sentence by sentence, yet I never found myself \\"liking\\" the book. The pathetic weariness of the narration annoyed me more than the emotional plight of the narrator moved me. Thus it's a hard book to rate. I confess that I began to think of what I'd write in this review well before I finished half the book, and I foresaw that I'd need to defend a rating of less than five stars, given how lovely the prose is....<br /><br />... but the 'ending' of the book tipped the scales! I won't 'spoil' that ending simply by warning readers that it's a bit of manipulative, melodramatic trickery, an \\"O.Henry\\" surprise achieved by sly withholding of information of the very sort that verisimilitude would require a narrator to announce in the first chapter rather than the last. The trickery cheapens the whole tale. It left me feeling surly toward maudlin old Marden and resentful toward his author/creator.ting of less than five stars, given how lovely the prose is....<br /><br />... but the 'ending' of the book tipped the scales! I won't 'spoil' that ending simply by warning readers that it's a bit of manipulative, melodramatic trickery, an \\"O.Henry\\" surprise achieved by sly withholding of information of the very sort that verisimilitude would require a narrator to announce in the first chapter rather than the last. The trickery cheapens the whole tale. It left me feeling surly toward maudlin old Marden and resentful toward his author/creator.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|It was exactly what I wanted. The discs are playing perfectly and the cases are in great condition. They were fast at shipping the DVD's and the condition they reported was the truth.
B002TYZKIM|4.0|You should really see this.  It shows how hard working he really was and of course, his creativity.
0061537969|2.0|This is a too cute, overly sentimental story written by the family pet. It has very predictable plot twists and none of the characters, besides Enzo (the dog), are very memorable. The \\"hook\\" for the reader is the fun of imagining what a pet may absorb and understand about his surroundings and owner. I also liked the writer's obvious love of auto racing, which I knew next to nothing about. The writing is ponderous and full of cheesy language and metaphoric analogies.This is \\"Love Story\\" from a canine point of view.  Sadly, the liabilities weigh down the book, and the good bits aren't enough to carry what is essentially a predictable and boring tale.
0375704027|4.0|I was very impressed with Norwegian Wood. Murakami brings to life Toru Watanabe in such a way that I, as a reader, felt I could reach into the pages and touch him. He's flawed. Man is he flawed. An introvert to the very core, Toru spends a lot of time reading the Great American Novels while everyone else is reading Japanese Bestsellers. He goes about his business without a care that the people he associates with are only there because of proximity and not any real meaning.  Toru may be flawed, but the few people he comes to care about make him seem perfectly normal. Naoko is quiet and aloof, Reiko is to used to her protected life, Nagasawa is a perfect ass and Midori is a little to extroverted for the people she loves.       All at once a Coming of Age story, a story of first loves and eternal losses Norwegian Wood is a perfect story for all ages, beautifully translated (at least in my edition) and will stay with you for weeks after you put it down for the last time
B0036EH3WU|5.0|If you're still on the fence about spending the money for this item; hop off the fence, and buy this now. Amazing quality for everything inside. Any fan of the show would be thrilled with this.
B002ZG996I|3.0|I saw this movie in the theatre and quickly realized it was just a vehicle for JLO.  I was hoping for Alex O' to have a better and less predictible part because he is an actor with unused potential.  Hopefully this would have been a break-out for him. His TV series \\"Moonlight\\" showed some of his ability, but it was cancelled for whatever reason.    The \\"Backup Plan\\" made JLO just look simply silly and Alex a bit of scenery in this misdirected mess.  It all could have been so much more.    Yet, because I am a fan of Alex O'Loughlin, I will get this DVD for my collection and hope his future movies and TV will give him the chance to prove himself.
0439023513|5.0|I am so in love with this book. It's more then just a love story, it's a life story. I was not disappointed one bit.
0385340990|5.0|This book is just so delightful, despite dealing with such a difficult time period and some very serious subjects.  The characters are vivid, the prose is crisp, and the pages turn themselves.  I found myself carefully reading the extras (the addendum, dedications, etc) and then rereading it immediately to find out if I missed anything. I highly recommend it.
B000AMJC2K|4.0|I have used Ergotron products for a while and know that they are decent quality.  I looked over the specs for this arm before purchase and made sure that it was what I needed.   The arm installed easily, nothing too complicated.  I do like the fact that the arm comes with two mounting brackets.      Something to keep in mind with this arm is that it is totally manual, no fancy hydraulic lift or gas pistons to assist movement.  You will be using a Allen/hex key to make any real adjustments to this arm.   Like another reviewer said this is not meant for constant adjustment.   You have one big button on the side of the arm to raise and lower the screen if desired.      Overall for the current price of this arm it is a real deal.  While I could have went for the newer unit this one serves my current need.
B001N26GFM|5.0|The film juxtaposed the beautiful with the ugly in a very quiet and intelligent manner.  The holocaust was depicted more visually than with dialogue, I thought.   There are several scenes which reminded us of the ghastly photographs of the holocaust.  The music was beautiful but thoroughly haunting.  We expected a sad ending but we were stunned when we saw it.  My family sat in silence, heartsick with grief.  This film makes its point of how sick and depraved a society can become. I feel this is an important film for all to see as it is one of the best films I've ever seen on the subject.
0756655730|5.0|This is an amazing textbook. It is very well illustrated, contains a wealth of information; fossils, timeline of species existence, evolutionary hierarchy of people, classification, etc. Well worth the $20 or so that Amazon charges (I paid about $45 at Borders, and was still pleased.
1906355630|5.0|Adrian Dayton makes Twitter easy.  Let's face it, most lawyers don't like change.  But the reality of Twitter is that it's here to stay, and it's an effective method of communication.  If you're not sure whether to take the plunge, give this a read.  It will only take you an evening (or a short plane ride) and you will be convinced to give Twitter a try.  I have just been tweeting for less than a week, and while I have much to learn I think I am hooked!    On a unrelated note, it is likewise a pleasure to read Adrian's writing.  It is clear, crisp, and to the point.  He's funny and poignant, and gets to the heart of the matter.  I particularly love the way he has woven in his own story -- about how Twitter has helped him realize his own potential in the marketplace, and how he used what appeared to be a bad situation (getting laid off in a tight legal market) to his advantage.  His story gives credence to the power of Twitter.
0439023513|4.0|Let me first say that after \\"Hunger Games\\" and \\"Catching Fire\\", I implicitly trust Ms. Collins to take her books wherever they need to go.  Her storytelling is incredibly compelling and this book is no exception.        That said, \\"Mockingjay\\" has reminded me why I do not read sad stories. I finished the book last night and I have been depressed all day.  (Don't worry, I'll bounce back.) Reading effects people differently, but I can't always take the hit of reading something so gut-wrenching and then continue with life as normal.  Some people are able to sit through the most existentially dark movie and then go out for ice cream. I'm the type of person who still feels too nauseous.      Books change the way I look at life, so there's only so much darkness I can take.    I'm not saying there can't be horrific events, sadness, agony, but the final message has to be one of hope.  Like watching \\"Schindler's List\\", or even reading \\"Little Bee\\".  But after hundred of pages of Katniss being stripped down to her skin, then having even that taken from her, of journeying deep into darkness and despair, there are only a handful of pages to bandage up our heroine and the reader.  There were not enough to get me out of the emotional pit I was in at that point.  I felt like the first time I read \\"Gone With the Wind\\", when I realized that there weren't enough pages left to fix everything.  Another book about war, I suppose that was the point, there is no way to fully heal, war can warp the soul.     I wouldn't change anything about the plot of this book, but I would change the amount of time we got to spend with our heroine healing at the end...feeling that there are still things that can make life worthwhile, balancing the horror with hope...and the love that still miraculously remains.
0439023513|4.0|I really liked the book and even think some elements of it were better than the first two, but overall i enjoyed the first two more. Some of the main action scenes in mockingjay were more gripping, more shocking and evoked more tears, however, in parts of the book it got a little too anti-war preachy. I actually agree with her opinions and the direction she was going with them, just didnt want to read so much about it. I understand that it helped conclude the whole series and still think she did a great job doing that, but it was a little bit of a drag to read so much of her on a soap box.
1400064287|5.0|Well... what can I say about this amazing work by the brothers Heath?  Their ideas will certainly stick with me.  I have begun incorporating some of the time tested principles of this book into every form of communication I use (preaching, teaching, writing, blogging, parenting... everything).    Basically, this book sets out to teach you how to make your point stick... sort of fitting considering the title eh?    The authors cover 6 essential characteristics of ideas that last and impact those they come in contact with:    1. The core message should be simple.    2. Presentation should be unexpected.    3. The imagery should be concrete.    4. There must be credibility to the idea.    5. People are emotional and ideas that stick should not forget the emotional element of \\"human-ness\\"    6. Stories can carry ideas farther than facts and figures can.    The authors have also included extremely helpful exercises reinforcing these areas on vulnerability.  If you decide to check this book out, I highly recommend working through the exercises.  One warning though: This book will most likely make you think, but more than that, it will probably make you act on what you think.  The last thing you want is to share tons of data with someone or a group of someones and find that NOTHING LASTED... nothing stuck!    Bottom-line: I only recommend this book if you want what you say to be remembered and acted on.
0316098337|4.0|The five year old boy, Jack, who is the narrator of Irish-Canadian Emma Donoghue's novel \\"Room\\" does not realize that it is unusual never to be able to leave a small room (actually a shed) or to spend all his time with his mother.<br /><br />Jack is precocious, but is still limited as a narrator, not only lacking an interesting vocabulary and fully developed syntax (such as definite and indefinite articles), but any knowledge of how peculiar his situation is. Room is the world; Mirror and Refrigerator are also capitalized, because there is only one in Jack's world, rather than these being instances of a class with many members (mirrors and refrigerators).<br /><br />Though she has been confined in the room for seven years, Ma knows there is a wider world and wants out from her incarceration by Old Nick (a devil if not Devil). She has developed a plan once Jack is somewhat grown up, but a reviewer should not reveal what it is or how it goes down with what consequences for whom.<br /><br />Though I was sometimes restive with the POV of a five-year-old unsocialized child, I admire Donoghue's ability to maintain it and clue readers to what is going on. I think that less would have been more, that is, a shorter book would not have dragged., as ROOM does a bit. The book is surprisingly ungrim. Indeed, there is considerable humor in how Jack takes for granted a life that he does not realize is \\"imprisonment.\\" Ma hangs in to what she knows is illegal as well as involuntary confinement, raising Jack well.<br /><br />The book has unsettled some readers and reviewers, because Ma has not weaned her five-year-old son. Perhaps because I know people whose mothers postponed weaning in attempting to ward off further pregnancies (and/or sex with the father of their children), this does not seem implausible or shocking to me. In that weaning is often traumatic for one or both parties, why should she, lacking in other forms of gratification as both mother and son are? I wonder about anyone for whom this is the most shocking aspect of the novel!shocking aspect of the novel!
B001UW58WW|5.0|There are enough great reviews for this artist, but I wanted to add my 2 cents. If you are someone who is a voracious devourer of good music, no matter what genre, then this is for you.  As a dancer who doesn't have sense enough to quit, I was uplifted, inspired, and found myself choreographing some very interesting pieces to this stunning array of works that represents a superior knowledge of classical music, and a genius for interpreting the modern.  I am not an expert in music, but I have been a professor for 16 years and worked a lot with music (as therapy although I hate calling it music therapy). Good music lifts the spirit, or engages the grief, or brings out humanity, it is magical and lifts us to the highest places.  All I know is that I ran downstairs, put on my pointe shoes, and danced the hell out of it.  It is wonderful!  and now I am going to get every single one of his cds.  Where have i been?
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|I purchased the MP3 download album after hearing the catchy \\"Tightrope\\" song performed on So You Think You Can Dance. I found that the rest of the album grew on me each time I listened. Also listening to the tracks in order made a difference in this musical journey as they seem to build a theme.    A few songs stood out especially like \\"Bop Bye Ya\\", and \\"Say You'll go\\", which had a rich complexity and soulfulness. I found some of the melodies haunting and rich and love hearing them over and over again. Others are good dance tempo tunes \\"Dance or Die\\", \\"Tightrope\\" and \\"Faster\\".    Janae's voice complements each track's stylistic interpretation beautifully and the arrangements and instrumentation are complex and very well done. A wonderful artistic achievement and I am glad I discovered her music!    By the way, some of the complexity is not conveyed by the samples of audio, since the pieces are relatively long.
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief is probably The saddest book I've ever read. I bawled until i couldn't anymore, it was so well written. I recommend you read it only if you don't mind really sad things, you like sad things, or if you just want to read one of the greatest books of the millennium. It's changed my view on not only world war 2, but life. It makes you realize that things aren't always how the seem to be and that there's always another side to a story. It's very sad, but times then were, and it's better not to be ignorant.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|One of the best movie from Disney, just hope Disney can release it earlier.  I heard that they won't release it until 2011 fall.
157912626X|4.0|I had no idea who the killer was in The Body in the Library. The reveal was a complete surprise, but made sense when thinking back. Still, I never would have considered the possibility of the mystery ending this way.<br /><br />Miss Marple truly shines in The Body in the Library. I loved the village life comparisons she used to point out possible reasons why a suspect may be behaving as they were. And of course, she outwits everyone in the end. Luckily the police know to take this little old lady seriously.<br /><br />The victim works in a resort as a dancer. Some of the suspects are staying at the resort on a long term holiday. I found it almost impossible to relate to and it was a bit hard to grasp their situation. The characters didn't seem extremely rich, but I suppose it does fit in with what I know of the time Christie was writing about.<br /><br />The Body in the Library was a fantastic mystery. Miss Marple was the most interesting character, by far. She and the unforeseeable conclusion were the major high points of the book. I loved the time spent at the resort, but some of the time spent in the village where the body was found was a little dull. Overall, it's safe to say that The Body in the Library has become one of my favorite Marple mysteries.
B000AJIAOO|5.0|I bought this CD after hearing \\"Dangerous Mind\\" (which is actually on a different version of this CD, silly me). This was my first Within Temptation CD, and my introduction to whole genre of Symphonic Metal, which has come to be my favorite genre of music.<br /><br />Not being used to the style, the first time I listen to this CD, I was disappointed. The only song I even noticed was \\"Angels\\". But I didn't hate it, so I thought I give it another try. I think I might have listened to it 2 or 3 times before it became my all time favorite CD. \\"Angels\\" remains one of my favorite songs on this CD, but I rated every song 5 stars in iTunes and they all have a play count over 20.<br /><br />Sharon den Adel has an amazing voice, but it the awesomeness of her voice combined with beautiful lyrics and melodies that make this CD great. Listening to it the first time, I had trouble hearing the lyrics because Sharon sang so high, but once I adjusted my ears, it was perfectly understandable and enjoyable. I was really impressed with the lyrics, they were very interesting - many songs try to tell a story with their lyrics, but I was surprised at how good a story Within Temptation's lyrics managed to build. I'm not saying this is supposed to be an opera or anything, each song stands alone. But each song manages to transport you into it and it inspires the imagination.  For example \\"Jane Doe\\" briefly transports you into the mind of a murderer haunted by memories of his victim. If you watch the music video for \\"Angels\\" the story the lyrics tell becomes clear (really, you can't tell without the visuals, it all seems metaphorical).<br /><br />If you enjoy Nightwish, Within Temptation is similar, yet totally different. If you like Symphonic Metal, than you HAVE to try Within Temptation! If you have no opinion on Symphonic Metal, try Within Temptation anyway! My sisters all enjoy Within Temptation without having any particular interest in the genre.
B0000931OG|1.0|I didn't really like Blur's greatest hits, but thought I'd borrow this disc anyway. Bad idea. Experimental is a good way of saying \\"really bad\\". This is a perfect example of that satirical line. They don't even bother having proper melodies. I guess one could say that they \\"over-thought\\" this album. The irony is that it was their best selling album in the US according to the album's Wikipedia article - I guess an unique/interesting cover can sell sometimes. This album makes me want to try writing music again.
0439023513|2.0|I cannot even begin to say how disappointed I was.  I really enjoyed Hunger Games and Catching Fire but felt this book was a complete waste of time.  There was very minimal action and Katniss's character disappointed me time and time again in Mockingjay.  There could have easily been another book to explain more, or maybe a little less of the her psychosis, but I was left with so many questions, and wanting so much more and this book did not deliver...at all.One thing that really bothered me was how Gale, one of the most prominent figures in her life, is dropped like a sack of spoiled potatoes. (And I have always been on Peeta's side and yet this still bugged me.  I did not invision Katniss's character to be like this with Gale, EVER!)  The tone of this book was also different.  I don't know what has happened to Collins since she wrote the other two books but I can't help but wonder by the obsessing Katniss goes through, not to mention the mental hysteria and drug dependencies.  Sorry, for those who loved it...good for you.  However, I will not reccomend this book (nor the series now that I have read the ending) to anyone.
B003F3NDP8|3.0|All things hit their peaks and then start sliding downwards. My personal guess is that they probably should have ended this show with Edie's death. What we seem to be doing in this season is just dealing with ongoing \\"more of the same\\" in the neighborhood. The characters have all had their days in the sun and are well past those days. There have been some new characters added but they haven't really added anything to the show. It seems as if they are trying to breathe some new life into this but they can't. Drea Matteo from the SOPRANOS is one of these. Hers is basically a one note performance of someone hiding out in the neighborhood from criminal mistakes in her past. Another is the stripper with the heart of gold (I wish I were making this up). I wish Mike and Susan had stayed divorced. The two of them now irritate me constantly. Terri Hatcher has become positively grating. The last best story arc this show had was Dave, the neighbor, married to Edie, who was trying to kill Mike and then Susan for killing his wife and child in an auto collision. When that arc of the story ended, last season, the air just went out of this whole thing. Tom and Lynette are now having yet another baby and it isn't doing a thing for me. That couple has completely lost their drift. I enjoyed Gabby more when she was plotting against her mother in law and having it off with the teenage boyfriend, not to mention trying to jump start her haute couture career again. Bree and Orson are now beyond soap opera cliche with him in a wheelchair. I think this show needed to keep a few \\"evil\\" characters, like Edie and Gabby, the way she used to be, and Dave. Now everyone is kind of a nice person with the usual suburban problems and it is boring. Every series runs out of gas eventually and I believe this is one of them. I must add to this that I don't think all of these series shows taking long hiatuses this winter, for virtually all of December and February, did them any favors. What little momentum they had was lost in two months of absences.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.they had was lost in two months of absences.    Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
0307592839|5.0|Jennifer Egan is now officially the voice of her generation. Maybe it's an educated, urbane segment of that generation, but I've not read anything that so precisely captures our post-60s nostalgia for emotional purity, our (also post-60s) sexual and pharmacological adventurism, our (mostly unsuccessful) grasping for a generational identity, and ultimately our openness to the new web of communication that is so profoundly reshaping everything (it's physics-derived, not epidemiological - brilliant!). Bravo!!! I consumed this book in two days. There was so much in it that was deeply, personally familiar to me and I have to believe that many of my contemporaries will feel the same. I could go on and on.
B003KT3NRA|5.0|When I first heard the title track of this CD, I was SYKED!  Not much going with music for me these days, then Vince releases   Tattoos and Tequila when I needed it the most!  Of course it still had to be good, or what good was it, right?  Well it is good IMO, check out his great covers of CCR's   \\"Who'll Stop The Rain\\" and Elton's \\"Bitch Is Back\\".  Not to mention the other \\"new\\" track on the disc called  \\"Another Bad Day\\", which was written by Nikki Sixx, Traci Guns,  James Michael and Kevin Kadish.a great song, possibly written  for Nikki and Traci's band Brides Of Destruction.  OK, Vince certainly didn't get any \\"hangovers\\" writing any  material for this, but his performance as a vocalist is timeless.  I have enjoyed his work since I heard his first album with Motley Crue  and I do this day. Tattoos and Tequila is a nice edition to his  collection.Others songs covered include songs by Cheap Trick, ZZ Top  and even the Sex Pistols, plus even more.Great listen for pure Rock  N' Roll fans...as always Vince does not disappoint.
1416550550|4.0|I love the way the story unfolds and then keeps you reading one more chapter until the beautiful end.  Read the other reviews to get more detail, but ignore the negative ones :)
B0036EH3WK|5.0|This is a review of the box set itself - not the series...    Love or hate the finale (I personally hated the whole afterlife bit and was disappointed that there were so many unanswered questions), this is one of the sweetest DVD box sets I've ever seen.  The care and detail that went into the production on the box, game, hidden features, etc is amazing.      Answers to a number of the unanswered questions from the series are sprinkled throughout this set (and not all are in the new 12-minute \\"The New Man in Charge\\" - make sure to read through the page from the Black Rock journal for one).    A lot of people have been wondering what the secret message from Jacob contained inside the ankh translates to (it's a series of hieroglyphs and arrows next to them).  The hieroglyphs may translate into a message, but what it is supposed to be is a clue for finding the extra bonus DVD hidden elsewhere in the set (Hint - look for something that has the same hieroglyphs on it and figure out what the arrows mean).    I haven't yet had a chance to watch all of the bonus features - I've been too busy \\"playing\\" with the set itself and discovering all the cool features (like the black light map).    While the show may have ended with a bit of a fizzle, two seconds into opening this box set I found myself once more excited about the mysteries that had me so enthralled by the past 6 years.    I only wish we got to see MORE of Hurley, Ben (and the other character who is given a \\"job\\" in the new segment in this set) on the island...
0061714372|4.0|Mustaine's autobiography comes across pretty much as I expected it would. Meaning, I've read other musicians' bios (Anthony Kiedis, Lemmy, Anvil, etc) so the behind-the-scenes depravity of fist-fights, drinking, drug abuse, career lapses, etc is not so much a surprise as it is an interesting \\"fill in the gaps\\" tale for those of us already well versed in the \\"official\\" Deth story. Having said that, there are some events that seem to be ommitted (?) from the book, and I'm not sure if this was on purpose or otherwise. For example:    - Metallica's use of Mustaine's music was an obvious sticking point for him over the years, so his discussion of the \\"Kill 'em All\\" material is unsurprising. However, \\"Ride the Lightning\\" contains 2 songs with Mustaine credits (the title track and Call of Ktulu) but are not referenced in the book at all. Considering how much the use of his songs on the first album angered him, I would think seeing a couple more would at least merit a mention.    - The story of Jay Reynolds' \\"audition\\" was certainly interesting, but I believe Dave contributed some guitars + vocals to Malice's 1986 album \\"License to Kill\\". If that's the case, how could he not be aware of Jay's (lack of) abilities? Also, weren't both Jeff Waters from Annihilator and Dimebag Darrell considered at some point(s) for the 2nd guitarist slot? Curious why those weren't mentioned.    - My understanding is, there was a severe war of words between Mustaine and Suicidal Tendencies' Mike Muir (since repaired) in the early 1990's that almost came to blows. Again, not mentioned. Same for \\"fueds\\" with Pantera and Slayer's Kerry King.    - Although he dedicated a song to him at the 1999 Woodstock show, there is no mention of Gar Samuelson's death in the book that I can find.    - Dave references that Megadeth were one of the first bands to get a website going in the internet age, however there is no further discussion of this, or the topic of downloading / file sharing which has affected theentire industry.    - Although he talks about the \\"Killing Is My Business\\" album cover, there is virtually no mention of Vic Rattlehead, the band's mascot, how he came to be, his evolution, etc.    - Also...love him or hate him, there are very few people unfamiliar with Howard Stern's radio show and his style. To be annoyed at his interview \\"approach\\" sounds very silly to me...who would expect anything else???    - Perhaps most interesting of all...apart from some specific events (\\"he did this, he did that\\"), Mustaine doesn't really talk a whole lot about his relationship with Dave Ellefson, i.e. - in terms of being a kindred spirit, brother, how close they were, etc. One can only assume that despite being together for almost 20 years, there wasn't as much of a bond as one would have surmised (although he does allude to this when explaining why someone else was his best man when getting married). Of course, I'm referring to the years before \\"Junior\\" left, the lawsuit, etc. I realize this is a book about Mustaine (as opposed to Megadeth, the band), but for better or worse, they are pretty much one-in-the-same. Overall, it was a good read, any Megadeth fan will find plenty of interest here; it's just that after I finished it, I realized some stuff seemed to be missing!?! Or as one reviewer below observed, \\"glossed over\\". Hmm...
0439023513|4.0|I loved the Hunger Games, and while I enjoyed Catching Fire, I don't think it quite stood up to the first in the series. Mockingjay was also very enjoyable - fast paced, suspenseful. But it was also the darkest and most violent of the three novels, and still not quite as good as the first. The Hunger Games focuses on the games themselves while Catching Fire focuses on the beginning of rebellion, but Mockingjay focuses on the horrors of war. There is sadness, there is blood, and there is death. This book is not just for entertainment - it is a clear message about what a nightmare war can be. The ending is satisfying, though quite sad. Overall, if you have enjoyed the Hunger Games thus far, be sure to read Mockingjay.
B002JVWR0Y|1.0|I've enjoyed the series immensely, and was on to the final disc of this set, but the last disc simply will not load/play.  It hangs on a black screen and does not progress further.    This was purchased last week (8/17) and the replacement was delivered today (8/25)    This is the second attempt (this is a replacement from Amazon), but this copy has the same issues as the first set.  I've seen plenty of customers that have enjoyed this season, and only a couple dealing with this defect (from both Amazon and Netflix).  I suspect this defect is related to this current batch, but that still leaves me unable to finish the series.    If you purchase it and find the same problem with the last disc, it means you received one from the same defective batch.    I'll wait and try again later.
B0015DROBO|5.0|This was the first book I've read with Kindle. Very cool way to read a great book. I love a good mystery and this one is full of suspense. There is a reason everyone is reading this book! Get it and you'll find out why!
B003QCNFN8|5.0|This is the greatest Ozzy album to come out in years, his recent albums had begun to sould identical to BLS.  His choice of Kostas Karamitroudis (Gus G) as his new guitarist was excellent.  Kostas has breathed new life into Ozzy's music.
0743270754|5.0|I've been meaning to read this book for several years (having enjoyed Ms. Kearns-Goodwin previous works of history), but at 800 pages, I was reluctant to plunge into such a long book. It eventually took me about a week to read, but the wait was well worthwhile!  I read it in anticipation of my upcoming visit to Lincoln's Presidential Museum and Library in Springfield, IL - an excellent and interactive musuem.  I was singularly impressed with the level of detail in the book, and Mrs. Goodwin's ability to measure the political histories and ambitions of Lincoln's cabinet (his team of rivals who ran against him for president).  Many previous foes grew to love him like a brother, such as Seward and his Secretary of War, Edwin Stanton.  I learned many things about the life of a president in those days - such as the public receptions each week in the White House, and the lack of any real security measures taken to protect the president.  He visited the battlefields of the Civil War many times during that bloody siege, and the horror of it must have truly weighed upon him heavily.  Abraham Lincoln was an extremely complex man, vulnerable to chronic depressions, probably owing the many deaths of loved ones while he was young.  But his outwardly cheerful personality, his great story-telling abilities,his modesty and candor,  his uncanny ability to find compromise with many head-strong politicians of the day, and his sheer brilliance and oratory skills undoubtedly would impress many as the \\"perfect storm\\" of qualities desired in our nation's leader.  Many think that Obama read this book before he was elected, and Hillary Clinton probably owes her Secretary of State position to this book. In my opinion, unquestionably the best researched and written book ever about Lincoln.
0439023513|5.0|Please ship this to me Amazon.  If I would have known shipping was delayed I would have purchased the book in store on release day.  Please Amazon fairy I need Mockingjay!
B0015ABRE2|5.0|There is little to add after season 1 and season 2. It is going to still be the same. Well you did not read the books properly then or you did not watch the first two seasons properly. This one is entirely new and yet still the same. That's the miracle of this series: it seems to rejuvenate itself by getting older. So what's new that is not so new after all. First he got his Rita girlfriend pregnant. No surprise since he went to it bareback and there never was the slightest innuendo or plain detail about covering up before going out. Sooner or later with a woman who already has two kids! And of course she forgot the pill one night or something like that. Bound to happen, Sir. And it did happen. But you should see the fertile dog who is kind of wailing and whimpering in front of the reality he loves and desires more than anything else, but he can't admit it even to himself. It is true, morning sickness and all the rest on Rita's side, and the rest is a lot, like buying a new home, a wedding dress, choose between chocolate or hazelnut for the wedding cake, buying an engagement ring and all the rest, that can give you a vertigo. It is true an engagement ring looks like the receipt you get from the parking machine that gives you one hour's parking time, but well that is generally done, isn't it? New and not so new is his sister who falls in love with a local black singer, details in the series, look for them. This time he is not from Philadelphia or even farther away, and he is not the age of her father. It is true he is black, and he is a little bit wrapped up, but that's only muscle, isn't it? No, no, she is not getting that old yet and maybe in next season we'll have another family affair. Ah! Those Dexters! Quite new is the fact that Dexter gets a partner. In other words, parallel to his wife to be he gets some kind of professional attraction to some one of the same sex who is not a cop. But how can that work? Dexter is a solitary animal, like a spider, and it eats its partners after the dual carriageway trip, that spidery and long-legged insect that is not an insect. So how is the spider going to accept a partnership and yet keep his plate clean and his little secret night adventures for himself. And what about after the marriage? Well that will be for next season. You already know I guess, but I prefer waiting for the DVD. You can already pre-order it, with one click at Amazon if you are trustworthy, financially I mean. But as they say the apprentice gets always worse than the sorcerer. Remember Fantazia? You're going to say that is such a clich&eacute;. But it is so effective, but well at times we dream of the reverse, but then I am told it becomes a serial killer, not a serial justice cleanser. And then you do have some more details about the various polices that fight for a tidbit of macadam here and there, the Vice Squad, the Miami Dade Police Department and the Miami Sheriff's office. A little more about grossness but this time in a way with some reserve. There is a little bit less blood. That's maybe a good thing for the audience and the watching rates, but it takes some real gross horror out of the series. Dexter is becoming more civilized in a way. No real blood display like a bed floating in blood or a blood shower when opening the toilet door. But this season is definitely growing up to something that is or should be disquieting. Killing is becoming some kind of hobby, not a possession, not a deep impulse, not at all, just something you have to do everyday like washing your teeth or brushing your feet, or the reverse. No public outcry at the latest victims. No outcry at all at the disappearing hoodlums, or district attorney as for that. Though I must say the skinner is by far the vest invention in that season. It holds us firmly from the beginning to the end including the kidnaping. But hush, you are going to give away a spoiler. So enjoy it all in one go. It's only about ten hours of TV. A good nice night with some booze and peanuts, not too much popcorn though, especially since the price of cereal products is going to go up this year after the forest fires in Russia.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGIDe and peanuts, not too much popcorn though, especially since the price of cereal products is going to go up this year after the forest fires in Russia.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Crteil, CEGID
0439023491|5.0|This is a GREAT book and I highly recommend The Hunger Games trilogy.  I cannot wait to read the third installment, Mockingjay.
0439023513|2.0|The ONLY reason I am giving this book 2 stars instead of one is that it did not leave you hanging at the end. You did get a conclusion to the story.    Everything else about the book was awful. Some say she retained her fast pace writing, I say she glossed over numerous points that should have been expanded on and the book was constantly introducing you to new characters without giving any real insight into who they actually were. There's only a small description of a major player in the book and though Collins tries to get an emotional connection set up with some of the more secondary characters, when they die I honestly don't care.    The book was written very poorly, it seems like it was done in a rush. I was hoping for a real heroine with Katniss, but instead I continued to get the same pushover that was in the 2 other books who couldn't make any real decisions on her own. Everything was decided for her and she just continued to play along.    The first book was great, the second book was good, the third book was just plain awful.
B002WIDRM6|4.0|Lady A. The musis is great it's easy listening and great to hear while I'm at work. I recommend this cd to anyone who enjoys good listening music.
0439023513|5.0|So after first giving this 4 stars, I've come back to give it 5. I was a little setback by the way the book ended, and for hours it just sat on my mind. I was dissecting it every which way. Then I realized that it did what it was intended to do. It made me feel- lost, confused, emotionally drained- just like Katniss, because in real life that's what war does to a person. The war has to end eventually and people go back to their lives, and it isn't all sunshine and roses.   I wanted to see Katniss rise to power, do something spectacular, but by the time Mockingjay picks up I realized that it wasn't going to happen. Katniss died the minute she volunteered to take Prim's place in the first book. She wasn't this glourious girl manning a revoloution, she was broken child doing what she had to do to survive.   Which brings me to my favorite part of the book: Gale and Peeta's exchange where Peeta asks Gale \\"I wonder how she'll pick?\\" and Gale replies \\"Katniss will pick whoever she needs to survive.\\" I think that moment is the moment of clarity for the reader. And when she does make the decision, it is exactly that. (I won't spoil and say who she picks, just that there is also another moment of clarity before she makes her actual decision where I immediatly knew who it would be. Surprisingly I was ok with it)   I've read several reviews of people who are angry that Katniss doesn't become a hero. But I think they are wrong when they say that Mockingjay was a letdown. Katniss was never a hero. Collins never once eluded that she was. So the end was perfect. And to those who say Katniss never matured: re-read Hunger Games and then re-read the Epilogue and you'll see that you are so very wrong.
0439023513|5.0|I was absolutely speechless after finishing this book about 1/2 hour ago. I need to mix myself a cocktail just to get to sleep tonight. I adored 1 and 2 and didn't know how Collins could give us the ending this story deserves. She DID IT. She really did it. I'm going to read it again tomorrow!
B00007G207|5.0|*** Very slight plot spoiler alert, but its minor and will not take away from the movie***<br /><br />The fact that there are two versions frustrates me. Not because we're \\"blessed\\" now with more to understand about the story, but because there is a decision to make when choosing a version, and this level of art should simply be created once and left alone. The original version is what I fell in love with, and the version that won the academy award, and I feel that is a better story because we don't hold so much resentment towards Alfredo's betrayal sending Toto off to find his dreams of the movie business far away from their village and away from the love of his life. I won't go into great detail to spoil it for anyone that has not yet seen the movie, but I will say this. Either version is a masterpiece, and it's only my opinion that the original is actually the better cut. If I were to do the editing, I would have included about 10 minutes of the added one hour, and thats about it.<br /><br />Like a good meal, like a good kiss, you should be left wanting more. The original does that. We're left with the desire Toto has. We're left with the understanding of what exactly he sacrificed, and left us wondering, like him, if it was all worth it. After all, no other woman in his life ever really meant anything to him after Elena. Toto's dream to be reunited with his love is still present in the original, and although the new cut answers a lot of unanswered questions, that is not always the best thing for a story.<br /><br />I gave this version all the stars I can because when you break it down, although I've been clear that I prefer the orignal, any way you cut this film, it is a reel of masterful art. I'm a grown man, yet Ennio Morricone can tug at my heart strings like no other composer, and of all the amazing pieces of music this man has created, I believe this is his most beautiful and most profound work. I don't know how better a marriage of story, actors, director, composer and cinematography can ever come together more perfectly, but in the world of movie making, this movie is simply how it's done.<br /><br />If you do get the chance to get a DVD with both original and extended versions, I suggest you see the original first.<br /><br />Since first seeing this film, it has been in my top three or four favorite films of all time. Foreign or not. I love movies, so that says a lot.raphy can ever come together more perfectly, but in the world of movie making, this movie is simply how it's done.     If you do get the chance to get a DVD with both original and extended versions, I suggest you see the original first.     Since first seeing this film, it has been in my top three or four favorite films of all time. Foreign or not. I love movies, so that says a lot.
B0000AYJXR|5.0|I remember watching this movie when it came out in 1996.  My 4 year old son found it in an old pile of VHS tapes and was instantly hooked.  He loves the looney toons, and eventhough he has no knowledge of who Michael Jordan is, loves him too.  The movie is good for both kids and adults and I have enjoyed watching it again with him.  Kids will enjoy the humor by Bugs, Daffy, and all the other characters.  Adults will like the 90's themed jokes as well as the cameos by Bill Murray, Larry Bird, and the other NBA stars that we grew up with.  We'll need to buy the DVD because I'm afraid the old VHS tape is going to break.  If you want a movie that multiple generations can watch together, then I highly recommend this movie.
B003PR77I8|3.0|First off, Devo really knocked it out of the park with these songs. This is a great collection of new material. This would have been a four or even five star review if it wasn't for the apparently inferior quality of the vinyl pressing.     On my copy of this record, \\"Fresh\\" really suffers from over-the-top sibilance -- this is when excessive high frequency signals (e.g., \\"s\\" sounds on vocals; cymbals) come out as distortion. Interestingly, the problem is not really noticeable on the rest of the album, but on \\"Fresh\\" it's really grating and renders the song unlistenable for me.    Of course, the vinyl comes with a CD, so I have a version of \\"Fresh\\" that's not screwed up, but I really do wish more care had been taken with the production of the vinyl.
0156027321|5.0|This is a favorate!  What an original story- I've read Life of Pi twice already and I'm sure I'll enjoy picking this book up again in the future.
B001FB5634|4.0|Is the struggle to stay alive more important than the struggle to keep your humanity alive? The cannibals had found an answer to that question: Yes. The cannibals had chosen to survive over being people--they had let the fire die.    At first I just thought this notion of mass canibalism to be nonsense, that in such an event some framework of order would emerge, some basis of society would not relinquish itself. Than I was leaving a basball game and fighting the hoardes in traffic and I realized that I am a fool. If those jackasses would sacrifice their humanity in as much as screwing everyone else over to squeal out of a parking lot and get onto a highway a few minutes early, they would surely suck the marrow from my bones--in the event of total societal collapse.      The boy wanted to help others. His father was loosing the fire, he was focusing more on survival than staying human. The family, in the end, that tells the boy they had been following him just to see that he was o'kay, had more flame than the man did.     Just two questions: what's with the thumbs, or lack there of? And, if every garage in the country has a bicycle in it, why were they walking? The amount of energy required to casually pedal a horizontal mile is something like 1/10th what's required to walk it.
0805086846|2.0|I was only able to get five chapters into this book- honestly the theme was tedious- treaties were broken, Natives forced to relocate, and/or they were murdered.  Also, I thought this book lacking in providing detail about Indian Chiefs and/or village life, etc.  Certainly there must be better Native American history books out there.
0316044938|4.0|I'm not a frequent reader of fiction.  I decided to read this book because I got tired of hearing about it and the film.  So, I wanted to see what was so special about it...<br /><br />  It was a pleasure to read (mostly).  I read the synopsis and expected a mystery, but the story immediately tells you the who and whats.  Young Susie Salmon is raped and murdered, and Alice Sebold isn't shy about saying who did it.<br />  Then I expected a thriller, where the victim (or her family) gets revenge, and I held that frame of mind for most of the book as a lot of tension was built with the obsessions of the father and Susie's reaching from beyond the grave...and even more tension, as the killer and Susie's siter develop a mutual interest in one another.<br />  However, suddenly, all of that tension disappeared, around the third quarter of the book.  I quickly became annoyed, but I kept reading, hoping all the promise would lead to a big pay-off.<br /><br />  I got something in between.  The end of the book takes a major turn from suspense to a mix of family story and love poem, and while it felt a bit flat-footed, it was nonetheless interesting and emotional...making me finally realize the book as a sweet, character study...not the gritty noir that it starts with.<br /><br />  I had to give it a four because, after all the time I spent hoping for a gruesome end to the killer, I was incredibly let down, by what seemed to be some sort awkward, twist of fate demise.
0307454541|1.0|Tried it for a few chapters but the writing style was terrible.  Not an enjoyable read to say the least.  Don't waste your time.
B00138H6OG|5.0|If you don't love this album you ain't right in the head.....  I'm not a die hard metal head. Heck I love Death Cab and electronic music, but don't forget about Slayer. They are one of the best bands of all times.......
0439023513|4.0|Wow!  Suzanne Collins does not disappoint with her page-turning, \\"where is she going with this\\", storyline.  However....it's not quite what a lot of us speculated, dreamed, and hoped for.  In one of her earlier interviews, Ms. Collins hinted at this, saying many pegged this trilogy as a fantasy or a romance when, in fact, it was a war story.  Well, Mockingjay is a war story.  It's harsh, it's psychologically devastating, it's depressing, and, more than anything, it's thought provoking. I felt hollow when I closed the book, which I suppose is what Ms. Collins wants.  She wants us to think about war: the hypocrisy, the gray areas, the brutality, the raw emotion. As I've read in reviews, I don't necessarily see Mockingjay as an anti-war book.  However, I believe Ms. Collins wants young adult readers to start critically evaluating war and its myriad complexities.    That said, I do think she may have completely thrown young readers for a loop.  As a YA librarian, many teens loved Katniss as the kick-butt protagonist with two great potential love interests.  This is not what Mockingjay ultimately focuses on. Team Peeta, Team Gale, and Team Katniss may all come away disappointed, because, ultimately, everyone has lost.  As such, I'm undecied about recommending it to young readers.  It's very dark, very depressing, and possibly too complex and mature for some young adults to handle.
0439023513|3.0|Hmmmmm where to begin?     I loved Hunger Games and Catching Fire - I thought they were incredibly well written, well paced, the characters and their struggles were convincing and compelling. That being said, I think Collins left out a lot of what made the first two so great in this final installment of the Hunger Games Trilogy. One of the main reasons I loved the first two books so much is how engaging Katniss and her story was. In Mockingjay, I felt like there was something lacking in her. She was too easily pushed in certain directions by the will of other characters in the story, and I really didn't feel there were many moments where she resolved herself to an action based on her own convictions (it happened really early on in a trip she takes to District 8, but I feel those moments were few and far in between). It's ironic, but she felt less like a Mockingjay in \\"Mockingjay\\" than she did in books one and two.    The biggest disappointment for me was how Collins wrote the relationships between the characters - and I don't mean the actual dissolution or strengthening of relationships, but rather the fact that something in their portrayal didn't seem convincing. I'm not being totally clear, but let's just say that the \\"something\\" that really had me enthralled and desperate to know what happened between people in the first two books was missing with this one.     My one other gripe with Mockingjay was the way in which Collins wrote some of the violent fight/attack scenes (especially the Capitol ones) - they were a little unclear and messy and I had some difficulty trying to imagine how they unfolded.    Other than that, I enjoyed Mockingjay - I don't think that Collins really maximized the impact the final book could have had, but I read it and mostly liked it. I wish some things that had happened didn't happen (i.e. some character deaths, etc), and vice versa (that she had added some things to help round out the plot and give more character stories closure).
B001661RC2|5.0|This was my first encounter with The Black Keys and I have since bought a couple of their other albums (Thickfreakness and Rubber Factory). If you are looking for an amazing blues rock band, The Black Keys are it. Attack and Release is a great place to start!
B001GCUNWQ|5.0|Be afraid, be VERY afraid!  Ice Age Dawn of the Dinosaurs is back and it is as funny as the previous two offerings that see us once again reunited with Manny the Mammoth, Ellie the former Possum, her adopted brothers Eddie and Crash, Diego the sabre tooth tiger, and of course Sid the Sloth.  Of course Scratte the Squirrel is on hand to add to the laughter and mayhem that marks this the third in a wonderful series.<br /><br />Ellie is going to be mom and there is no one more fearful about this than Manny and because of this he really putting his friendship with Diego and Sid under a lot of strain.  Sid feeling left out decides to \\"adopt\\" three eggs little know they are T-Rex eggs and that Mommy T-Rex is going to come looking for them.<br /><br />I could not stop laughing when I watched this movie.  It has funny moments and hilarious moments.  Like when Manny realizes that the world below his own world has creatures FAR bigger than him and they include a murderous dinosaur called Rudy who is hunted by the mad but exceedingly likable weasel Buck, voiced over by Simon Pegg.<br /><br />In the world below the ice age we are treated to some wonderful imagery and of course adult jokes that will fly over the head of any child, but will make adults chuckle wickedly.<br /><br />Watch out for Sid's relationship with the at first cheesed off Mommy T-Rex and how she comes to aid in his hour of need and how the three baby T-Rex's take after Sid by scratching their bum and looking delightfully sweet but dim.<br /><br />I loved this movie and I love the Scratte scenes with the acorn loving squirrel falling in love and the wonderful Scratte Tango which brings tears to your eyes.<br /><br />Worth a watch and definitely worth a buy!
B0013D8LOK|2.0|This movie has received several less than good reviews, and rightfully so.  While it is supposed to me a musical, the main characters (Depp and Carter) come across as lackluster singers at best, pathetic at worst.  Since they are strongest in straight drama roles, the singing should have been done away with and the movie presented as a mystery thiller.
0439023513|2.0|I should have stopped reading this book once they were ready to raid the capital.  I don't have to have a happy ending, but there was no purpose to so much of this except to live in the mind of a suffering passionless, used girl.  Characters that we love are killed off - okay I can accept that -- but it's not even emotionally packed with import.  Bad bad writting.  This book makes you realize how much the storyline in the first two depended upon the tension created by the love triangle.  Katniss feels cold and detached throughout most of the novel. It's hard to read. And even harder to connect to her. The passionate, spirited girl we feel in love with in The Hunger Games is not to be found in this book.  This wouldn't have even been published if it weren't for the success of the first two books.
B003X73QA8|4.0|For this extensive track-by-track review of Arcade Fire's \\"The Suburbs,\\" I will be writing a short analysis of each track while listening to the album as a whole (not for the first time, of course). Each track will be rated out of ten (10) points. At The end, I will write on my overall feeling towards the record and score the album out of ten (10) points (an average of the individual scores, with an addition +/- .5 point as a bonus, if chosen to do so), rounding to the closest star for Amazon. Enjoy!    1) The Suburbs- A great title track, despite what some reviewers have said. At first, it feels unaturally simple for Arcade Fire, but after repeated listens, there is definately some great substense underneath the subtlety of the instrumentation. \\"I want a daughter while I'm still young/ but if it's too much to ask, send me a son,\\" Win sings with an undeniable sense of passion. Nice. (9/10)    2) Ready To Start- Very catchy, and an instant stand out upon intial listens. \\"all the kids have always known/ the emperor wears no clothes/ but they bow down to him anyway\\" still rings through my mind. At times, however, the song becomes a bit too serious for its own good, then of course, this is Arcade Fire ;) (9/10)    3) Modern Man- Another instant standout, \\"Modern Man\\" begins a string of songs that, for better or worse, sound like throwbacks to '80s mainstream rock. \\"Jessie's Girl\\" comes to mind on this one, for some reason. Anyway, I dig this song a lot, very catchy again, and deserves a nice (9/10)    4) Rococo- This song sounds like Win was pissed at touring and therefore decided to write an epic that teases his obssesive fanbase. Lyric-wise, I find this song lame, but the grandious 2nd half is a nice pay-off, especially the sa-weet guitar solo. (7/10)    5) Empty Room- the defintion of that epic Arcade Fire sound. For me, there's something liberating about the simple-but- true lyrics \\"when I'm by myself, I can be myself.\\" Once this song starts, it doesn't let go. Another wonderful solo. Perhaps my favorite song on the album. (10/10)    6) City With No Children- This is a nice style for Arcade Fire, almost like a Neil Young parody. Lyrically superb. Musically, it just feels like it fits perfectly with the album's suburb theme. It's grown on me. Yet another (9/10)    7)Half Light I- ...and this is where the album takes a turn for the (slightly) worse. With an album over an hour long, it was bound to happen, but this middle section tends to bore me. This song barely registers with my memory after repeated listens. Its not bad, by any means, just forgetable in the midst of some true gems. I do like the violin work, though. (5/10)    8)Half Light II (No Celebration)- \\"No Celebration\\" Indeed. This song almost as forgetable as its brother. Again, not bad, but also not necessary. 6/10)    9) Suburban War- The uncertain feel of the guitar work fits the song nicely. The town was built to change, Win suggests. The change-up at the end adds a nice touch. \\"all my old friends, they don't know me now!\\" (8/10)    10) Month of May- some may call this the \\"low point\\" of the album. A few weeks ago, I may have agreed. But, now, I truly enjoy this song. It's catchy as hell (\\"the kids are standing with their arms folded tight!\\") and the riff is simple, but infectious. \\"First they built the road, then they built the town.\\" (9/10)    11) Wasted Hours- I think this song could've been another nice choice for 1st track. Feels very reminiscent, somewhat Beatles-esque. \\"Wasted hours, before we knew, where to go and what to do.\\" (8/10)    12) Deep Blue- I like this song, but it drags after a while. Again, reminds be of the Beatles, late sixties. ALmost as if the song wants to end, only Win is making it suffer. (7/10)    13) We Used To Wait- Another favorite track. The stacato (spell fail) works perfect. I can't find the right words, so just listen. (10/10)    14) Sprawl I (Flatland)- The subtle guitar work fits the song well, but unfortunately, the song suffers due to an unusually bland lyrical spectrum and is slightly annoying in its serious addittude. It is thankfully and mercifully short. (4/10)    15) Sprawl II (Mountains Beyond Mountains)- This song has been very strongly hyped, and while I can understand why, I do not completely agree. It is very refreshing after the preceding, somewhat dull, tracks. Lyrically, it can be a little too obvious, unimaginitive. However, the general feel is uplifting and deserves a solid (8.5/10)    16) The Suburbs (Continued)- Somehow, this quiet little ending is more heartfelt than anything else on this record. \\"If I could have it back, all the time that we wasted, I'd only waste it again.\\" A great ending to a solid record. (9/10)    FINAL THOUGHTS- Despite my somewhat flawless scoring of the record, The middle of the album tears down what could've been a rival to even \\"Funeral.\\" In the end, we have a great album that could've been a masterpeice, if only the fat was trimmed off before release.    FINAL SCORE: (7.96/10) ROUNDS TO FOUR STARS OUT OF FIVE- \\"GREAT\\"
0439023513|5.0|*****SPOILER ALERT*****    The more that I reflect on this book, the more I realize how brilliant Suzanne Collins is.    I think that prior to the book's release, most of us would have predicted that Katniss would end up with Gale or Peeta (but in a way that would not lead to hurt feelings), District 13 would triumph over President Snow, and the whole country would live happily ever after.  Probably this more traditional sort of denouement would have pleased more people but I really believe that it would have rendered the whole series trite and forgettable.  Likely the only discussion that would have been triggered by such an ending would be whether you're Team Peeta or Team Gale.         If I had to choose a word to describe this book, I would say that it's \\"raw\\".  The events of the final book break Katniss down, and although some people are critical, saying that Katniss fails to mature and develop as a character, I would argue that what happens to her is infinitely more realistic and meaningful.  We are talking about a 17 year old girl, who has known poverty and hunger her whole life, who has been forced into life-threatening situations and has seen her loved ones injured and killed.  She watched her sister burn to death in front of her, and she herself suffered agonizing injuries.  Maybe it would have been more formulaic and typical of young adult novels if she'd simply shaken it off and kept going unscathed but changed for the better; however, her very normal reactions make the horror of the situation really hit home for me.      My feeling is that art should reflect reality, and I think some people are disappointed because when it comes down to it, reality is not about everything being wrapped up in a neat little package.
B003JTHESA|2.0|I don't buy the reasoning that Maiden is evolving or whatever you call it, the songs are boring, these guys are trying to hard or not trying at all, lets face it last 3 albums were boring as hell, we dont expect you guys to put out classics like powerslave or piece of mind, but pls make something not boring for a change. I hate to say it but maiden and (judas)priest just dont sound relevant with their new materials. Lets face it if your good at something pls stick to it(yeah AC/DC) Pls maiden dont force out songs that last 5-12mins just for the reason that you can do it. Hell, even the drums sound boring, it hurts that you got an awesome drummer like Nicko and to use him like this is a crime!!! Bring back the intensity of where eagles dare from time to time. Harris it is time that you let someone else handle the pen, coz u suck lately
B002ZG99A4|5.0|What more can I say, I seen this movie two times and it's worth every penny. I would def buy on Blue-ray when it comes out. This is one of those movies that draws you back in from the very began. It has been of of the best action movies I've seen in a good while, load with a lot of star power.
B003TOMAPC|5.0|Just thought I'd add my 2 cents. Just a damn good movie. If you are a fan of action adventure give this flick a go. You won't be disappointed.
1575666286|5.0|If only everyone would go back to nutrition for healing instead of using drugs the world would be a healthier place to live in! A must read for anyone interested in avoiding cancer who is not afraid to change their eating habits!
0439023513|5.0|I adored this entire series.  This third installment isn't sugar-coated; it isn't happily ever after--it's gritty and scary and filled with pain and loss.  I think that makes it a lot more real.<br /><br />And yes, I read this entire, nearly 400-page book in six hours.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that I couldn't put it down--it's amazing that my kids are still alive.
B003QCCS36|2.0|I listened to the snipets of Ray's new album and it's way to country sounding for this girl.  The instruments make it sound that way and maybe that's the sound he wanted to go for but I don't enjoy any kind of country-sounding music so I will not be buying this album.  His first album blew me away and I loved his smokey voice and the bluesy music but his other albums haven't quite met my expectations.  Totally bummed!
B001AQMBJQ|5.0|With Season 5 of Lost, I am now REALLY glad that I waited until after the show ended to go back and watch it. Because I've watched the series so close together, the little nuances and questions that have been unanswered for a couple of seasons are now finally being tied together (although there's still plenty unanswered going into Season 6).<br /><br />This season deals with time travel, which can get confusing to some people so be ready to pay extra close attention to the little stuff to get the full effect of it. Despite several people having told me that season 5 was not up to par when they saw it on TV, I think the show is as strong as ever with this season and am looking forward to starting season 6.
0439023483|5.0|I love the imagery Suzanne collins evokes in the hunger games. This book takes me away to panem and I got so engrossed in the story and involved with the characters I couldn't put it down.  An incredible futuristic tale that made me think and take a good look at myself. This is a definate must read.
0061906220|5.0|I love this book. It is so cute and the illustrations are fantastic. The story line is well written also. If you want shoes of your own cats check out Chat-Toes. They are cute slippers cats actually like to wear! You can find them at ~[...]~
B003L77TZI|1.0|I purchased this item and it did NOT download to my amazon downloader.  Other MP3 albums have worked.  This is certainly my last amazon purchase.  I have also tried contacting them, and no response.  My bank indicates the purchase did clear, but I don't have what I paid for!!
B00127RAJY|5.0|My babies turned three months two weeks ago, and I was ready to hit the ground running.  I had purchased this DVD because of the reviews and was really excited to get going.<br /><br />First of all, I love the variety that three workouts give.  I decided to do level one for 10 days, level two for 10 days, then level three for 10 days.  It's been three weeks and I'm still not yet out of level one because it is SO hardcore (BTW, I like it that way).  The DVD cover says these workouts are only 20 minutes, but they are 28 minutes, which does make a difference when I'm nursing twins.  I've simply had to adjust my feeding times and take that 10 minutes from something else in my schedule.  I actually like that the workout is closer to a half hour because I know I'm getting some extra work in.<br /><br />One note for those who have not worked out for awhile (like me, when I was on bed rest with my twins)...make sure you do a lot of stretching.  I think I might have a bunch of relaxin still in my system from my pregnancy, but I really hurt my knees after the first week of jumping jacks and side-to-side movements.  Had I known that I needed to do a little better job stretching my hip flexors and glutes before starting, I would have been able to avoid the excruciating pain and not being able to walk for a couple of days.  Check out Iliatibial Band Syndrome to figure out what to do and what not to do.  This workout includes a LOT of jumping jacks - you just have to know how to do them correctly.<br /><br />Love the workouts!
B0002XMF5S|4.0|First of all, \\"Seventh Star\\" is a different Black Sabbath album, not in dark mood as classic Sabbath but I enjoyed to listen to album from first song to the last one. Especially, Glenn Hughes' deep and bluesy vocals shows that how he is talented singer and We, Black Sabbath fans are actually very lucky to have Glen Hughes as singer in \\"The Seventh Star\\" My fav songs are \\"No Stranger to Love\\",\\"Danger Zone\\",\\"Turn to Stone\\" and \\"Angry Heart\\". Respectfully,\\"The Seventh Star\\" worth to take a place in every Sabbath fan's dusty archive.
B003L77TZI|5.0|I was looking forward to this, Katy Perry's second album, though as always somewhat hesistant without hearing more about it or from it... But it was a good purchase and I'm enjoying it a great deal. This album's still got the feel of Katy Perry's first album, but it feels more elaborated upon and more polished. The more simplistic and less commercialized feel of her first album I think is what drew me to her music much more in the first place...and though  this album may be considered more commercialized and perhaps overworked to some it does not lessen the fact this is a solid album. It's another great album from Katy, which doesn't diminish ultimately what makes Katy Katy! Katy's talent, fun, and flair permeates this album and all the songs are quite catchy. Overall this album is one to be recommended if you like pop and Katy Perry! AND the CD case smells like candy as well!! LOL[ ... I didn't know she was from Santa Barbara - have relatives in that area! Ah, small world! :) ]
B000RP4LEO|5.0|For those who bash Helene Grimaud about wolves and such, take this.  Just fantastic.  I have several well regarded Emperors:  Serkin, Pollini, Kissin.  This one is the equal of any of these.  Poetic and powerful with great sound.    Same can be said of 101 - I like this one as much as I like Pollini and infinitely better than John O'Connor.  It takes great control and depth of feeling to pull off late Beethoven and she does it.  Sound is much better than Pollini.    I guess the thing I like most about these performances is that they aren't cookie cutter, there are slightly different turns of phrases that generally work very well.  And these are really powerful performances in both the heat of the moment and when things slow down.  She knows when to push and when to pull back.  I get the feeling she is challenging herself somewhat on these very difficult pieces, and I admire that she fully rises to the challenge.  I like to hear the stress and emotion coming through a performance.    Not particularly relevant but that is why Hamelin leaves me cold.  He is a technical machine who churns out difficult pieces seemingly without the slightest effort.  I like things a little more thought out and perhaps just a little rough around the edges, with plenty of passion.  Like this performance.
B0011TMGKG|5.0|Such a fun toy.  The colors are bright and fun, and I love the fact that it \\"roars.\\"  It was one of the first toys to really catch my sons attention.
0439023513|5.0|I was surprised at the direction this book took as compared to the previous two.  But given the ultimate message of the series, this was the only possible ending.  War is horrible and it never totally leaves those who take part in it.
0062009540|5.0|I decided to purchase the Pretty Little Liars series of books after watching the first season finale on ABC Family. I could not wait until January 2011 to find out what happened to these characters that I had gotten so addicted to. Well, I received the books on Wednesday August 18 and today seven days later I am already on book 5. I am shocked as to how different the books are from the series. I know from previous book series that I have gotten hooked to (Harry Potter and Twilight) that of course people change things so that the storyline can move along more quickly, but I felt as if I was practically in a different story entirely. First the books start off with the girls being 13 and then jumps ahead 3 years to their junior year in high school... I was not expecting that. Also, the books are a lot darker than the TV show. I know that ABC Family can't add all the salacious details from the books into the show but they did a pretty good job on getting the overall feeling into the show. I am hooked on these books and as much as I want to find out who Ali's killer is I am enjoying the suspense. I do not think that the show will go down the same road as far as who A is as the book did (that would be too predictable) but I can't wait to see how everything with turn out (in print and on screen).
0143118420|1.0|I thought narcissism like this was widely recognized as a character disorder. I like David Denby's comment in The New Yorker: \\"We may get the impression that the world in its glory exists principally to satisfy her complicated needs.\\" Why is this book so popular? Are the women who like this book as self-centered and self-indulgent as the creepy, self-centered author? This woman and this book are digusting.
B002MJM8M0|5.0|I started listening to the band in the 80s, since The Final Countdown. Did not care much for the glam look and the extremely keyboard-heavy songs. Since Start from the Dark a couple of years back, they started going in a heavier darker music style and it fits them like a glove. This one hooks you up since the first song, which is the title track and video.  If you're a fan (and even non-fans) you should give it a listen.
B002VPE1PW|4.0|This is a good, low-profile case for your netbook. I had hoped it would fit my iPad but it was definitely just a little bit too big--it worked, but not that well. But for a 10\\" netbook it's a perfect fit (it probably wouldn't work quite so well for the smallest of the netbooks). It zips around three sides so it can be opened flat and stay out of your way when you want to use the computer. And there are small elastics in the corners to keep it in place.<br /><br />All-in-all, it's a great product for the low price.
0316286850|5.0|i really enjoy thiz oversized book tha pages of tha book are larger than normali guess to show more deatil n tha pictures..n thiz book really shows how to do really hot make up...stepby step thiz is a must get...
B002VPE1Z2|5.0|I got this in the hope that it would work for my Kodak Zi8 video camera. It fits perfectly!<br /><br />The case has a stiff frame, but is nicely padded to cushion your camera. The exterior is a durable polyester, and the interior is very soft, so you camera will be protected.<br /><br />There is a small zippered pocket for spare memory cards and other small parts (I can fit my extra battery there).<br /><br />The belt loop is made of Velcro, and the size of the loop can be easily adjusted. I do not use it on my belt, but found that it attaches nicely to the strap of a purse or laptop case.<br /><br />This is a great camera case--just what I was looking for.
0553208845|1.0|A pox on every English department and English Instructor  that pushed this book on me every  year in High School and in College and withheld GK Chesterton from me only to discover him years after my academic career ended. A POX ON ALL OF YOU!!!!
B003ODL004|5.0|I went to see the movie Inception and left the cinema with only one thought - How soon could I get the soundtrack?!<br /><br />I am not music expert and I can't describe music in terms of scores and notes, I don't know if a song is made up of six notes or sixty but I can describe how music resonates with me.  When I listened to the soundtrack for Inception I could visualize each part of the movie that each song represented and with each song my moods and emotions changed to match.<br /><br />There are some movies where the music and the action on the screen never seem to correlate - Inception does not have that problem.  The music complimented the action on the screen at all times and for me the track that exemplifies this the most is the last track on the CD - \\"Time\\" - which, if memory serves, was the last song of the movie before the credits came up (and that was also the song that confirmed I had to get the soundtrack!).  The slow build up of the music to a gradual but insistent crescendo. It starts off as I think soft notes from a solo stringed instrument but slowly more instruments join in until the music swells in volume and intensity and makes you feel like you're the only person in a concert hall built for symphonies and the music is for you and you alone.  A feeling of gradual hopefulness and a sense of coming home to safety.  Then it gradually fades down to single note which sounds like a question.<br /><br />Hans Zimmer has redeemed himself after that fiasco that was the Dark Knight soundtrack (truly awful)!  There was never a moment of hesitation this time around!  I put the CD in the machine and by the start of the second track I programmed the REPEAT feature.<br /><br />I got the CD yesterday and I already know that it joins the ranks of my all time favourites.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Enjoyable and thought provoking book! I just finished Mockingjay, the third book in the Hunger Games series.  Like the first two books, it was hard to put down.  I strongly recommend it to adults as well as young adults. Unlike many \\"final books\\", the characters remained strong and I was able to feel their emotions. The author succeeded in ending the story without me asking where it came from or how she got there.
0439023513|5.0|There were parts in this book that I had to re-read several times. Either I just didn't get it, or I zoned out a little and realized I'd read 3 pages without knowing what happened.    That being said-- after a lot of reflection, I decided to give this book 5 stars. Katniss was a little different (as so many have said) than I expected her to be in this book, but I can't blame her for how she acted. I mean-- how much can one person go through?    The ending of the book gave me goosebumps, made me cry, and left me begging for more. I'm in a state of depression now that it's all over... but after all was said and done, the trilogy remains my favorite of all time.    I highly recommend this series. I highly recommend Mockingjay.
0596806027|4.0|The book aims to get the reader acquainted with the new HTML5 standards (yes, plural) fast. It has some organizational flaws (more on this in a minute).  The book assumes basic familiarity with HTML as well as DOM and JavaScript. This suggests that the target users are practicing web developers who want the answers to the question \\"What's new?\\", and the book succeeds for the most part. Over all, I recommend this book.    What's good?  * O'Reilly took care to insert meaningful hyperlinks in the PDF version, and it is very handy.  * Some practical coding advice, including how to tag video for HTML5 while falling back to older technologies.  * A HTML4 => HTML5 enhancement walk through in Chapter 3 is quite instructive.  * While the content of this book is available online for free at [...], I simply like the PDF formatting better.    What's bad?  * Somewhat repetitive. This may be due to the book's genesis as web pages.  * Less relevant materials (the history of the IMG tag can be more succinct; and how to encode video is probably downright irrelevant for HTML coders) eat up pages.  * The web site mentioned above is more up-to-date. (For example, compare p. 62 and its counterpart on the web.)
0596805888|5.0|Cooking for Geeks is the book for you if you want to learn:    How and why cooking works    How to cook and did not grow up in the kitchen.   How to prepare food so you and your guests will not get sick.    Among many other things you will learn about tastes, a difference between copper and glass bowls, and about how to pour stuff into a plastic bag. You will learn the relationship between time and temperature and foods. You will learn how you can learn to judge what difference a change in a recipe will make.     Cooking for Geeks is written with a sense of humor. There is interesting information from other great chefs. The index is excellent so you can find everything easily.     Cooking for Geeks is not another recipe book. There are recipes, but they are intended to teach you about cooking, not just how to make one dish.    Yes, you will learn what a Geek is, and why people can be proud to be Geeks even  in the kitchen.    My wife is a cook. She recommends Cooking for Geeks as \\"an interesting book which would appeal to people who would like something good to eat, who have not cooked much, and who read computer books.\\" I am neither a cook nor a real Geek, but I enjoyed reading Cooking for Geeks and learned a lot about cooking.
B0036EH3X4|5.0|The blu-ray release of Lost Season 6 is stunning.  If you would like to read an in depth, well written review of this set, check out blu-ray.com where Kenneth Brown refers to it as \\"a moving end to a thrilling series, a perfect AV presentation, a must-own release.\\"  (Here's a link to his review - [...])    The people who were unsatisfied with the Lost finale should have waited to post their Amazon reviews until after this set was released.  I got mine yesterday and the first thing I did with it was watch \\"The New Man in Charge\\" bonus feature.  What a wonderful coda to the series.  This little 12 minute piece does two things - in its first scene it provides some answers to Dharma-related questions and in its second, gives us one last great emotional, character-based interaction (something at which Lost's writers have always been outstanding).  POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD.  Would you like to know more about the polar bears?  Or would you like a hint at why females who conceived on the island died?  Or where the Dharma palates came from?  This is just some of the fun stuff you get in the first scene of \\"The New Man in Charge\\".  The second scene of this short wraps up a key character's story line - I'll leave it at that so as not to ruin it.  With Lost, I dig the little details and mysteries like sharks with Dharma logos and dead polar bears found in Tunisia, but I watch the show mainly for the emotional character-based content, so the second scene of \\"The New Man in Charge\\" was a real treat for me.    In a recent Entertainment Weekly interview, Damon Lindelof stated that he and Carlton Cuse are not indifferent to fan reaction to the Lost finale and that it was cruddy for them to read things from some fans saying that they had wasted six years of their lives.  They didn't waste anything.  Season 6 was fantastic and the new blu-ray set is a wonderful addition to my collection.
B003L45JLW|3.0|Wasn't going to buy this and probably would have been fine if I had skipped the blu-ray version.    I bought the regular cd version, also and I recommend getting it over the blu-ray version. Sound  quality is quite good on the regular cd and with some built in surround features it can sound   even a little bit better. Plus you can listen to it in your car, at work on the computer..etc.    The blu-ray version sound quality is better and comes in two types PCM 48KHZ/ 24 bit and DTS-HD 5.1 at  48khz. The surround is handled well but not great. Vocals seem to suffer the most on the DTS-HD version  and on the PCM side things just seem to get louder overall (vocal is more out front though) and start sounding closer to the normal cd version of the album.    The DTS-HD version brings out more detail but still seems to lack the detail and depth I would expect and  have heard on quite a few SACD titles I own.    They need stretch outside their comfort zone when producing these and produce at minimum a 96khz version  of a blu-ray audio disc. Would really like it to actually play like a normal cd does though.. put it in, it starts at song 1 and then goes on from there. The menu driven interface lets you switch listening modes, but generally  you should be able to set that on your player so it defaults to a particular type once the disc is put in.    I have to agree with another poster that I think Petty has put out some better albums, but they all can't be golden.  Great playing by the band on everything though.
0439023513|5.0|Well I first have to say that this was one of my favorite series that I have ever read. Ms Collins created a story that captivated my imagination and provided me with hours of thought and contemplation during and after reading. With that being said....    The third installment in The Hunger Games triolgy may not be for everyone but for me it was perfect. It differs from the first two books in that it focuses on the revolution instead of the games. The overall direction the story goes is also much darker, much more grim, and well... sad. I feel this however is not a bad thing. The characters are distressed, hurt, and emotionaly broken in a way that provides an accurate depiction of the torments of war. They are forced to make innumerable sacrifices for Panem, each other, and themselves. Not everything in this book is happy but would it have been as satisfying if it was? I honestly don't think so. Through the characters many struggles in Mockingjay they come to life and become more real.     I found myself reading this book so fast in order to find out what would happen next and out of general concern for the characters that I actually had to slow myself down on more than one occasion to make sure I soaked it all in. Ms. Collins once again shows she has a nack for keeping the reader engaged and on the edge of their seat. I was surprised at every turn. It is an emotional ride.     As long as you keep an open mind and take the time to understand the deeper meaning to the story and the motivation of the characters I think you will enjoy Mockinjay just as much as the first two in the series. I found it to be a very satisfying conclusion.     Mockinjay 5/5
B002ZG977Y|4.0|I found it was told differantly from the 1981 version that I have, yet it it quite good in it's own way. Only because of it's special afects, but it is still wearth having in your collection.
B003REGM3A|4.0|That was my first thought when I heard it on XM bluesville. Although her voice is a little annoying, anyone playing the blues is OK with me. It certainly is better than the bad stuff she has done through the years.  Blues is making a comeback!! Keep the blues alive!!  The biggest blues fan. Gary.
B002RWKSII|5.0|After having been blown away by Smile, I found the follow-up, That Lucky Old Sun, to be much longer on pretense than on genuine sparkle. (I didn't really count the Christmas album.) I figured that we'd seen the last of Brian Wilson's greatness - he had finally delivered on Smile and begun his slow wind-down, edging toward the improbable age of 70. (A 70-year-old Beach Boy! What a staggering concept for those of us around for Help Me Rhonda, etc...)    I was dead wrong.    Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin is in some ways the most profoundly musical album Brian Wilson has ever done. His deep and longstanding love for the material and its composer have evidently summoned his muse (in music...), unleashing the genius yet again. And better still - for me anyway - my favorite songs are the two that he wrote out of old discarded Gershwin snippets. Both are dazzling displays of elegant chord progressions and lyrical, exquisitely balanced melodies. And the words are neither banal (like many of the Beach Boys' songs, even great ones, forgivable though they always were, given their other charms) nor frustratingly esoteric (i.e. \\"columnated ruins domino\\"). These songs come from the richness of a fulfilled and loving heart, from a man who has been smiling for a while now, off the tightrope and into an easy chair with kindred spirits to keep him brightly lit. Stunning material, showing Brian in full, majestic maturity.    And the Gershwin stuff isn't bad either. The instrumental I've Got Plenty of Nuttin', as has been discussed in other reviews, is an irresistible and totally legitimate throwback to the quirky instrumentations of the Pet Sounds-Smile Era, resplendent in harmonicas, bass and otherwise. It Ain't Necessarily So is another particularly strong track, Brian delivering a confident, at times gritty vocal performance. I Got Rhythm, done in a wonderful mid-sixties Beach Boys style, is the only song in which Brian dramatically alters Gershwin's chords, producing an effect that is initially a bit jarring, but makes more and more sense with repeated listening. But my favorite of the pure Gershwin tunes is the achingly gorgeous Someone to Watch Over Me. I've never heard Brian sing with more vulnerability, feeling and commitment. The arrangement brings to mind both Wonderful - the use of the harpsichord - and God Only Knows. It's an astonishingly fresh reading of a song that has endured countless interpretations over the last 75 or so years. All of a sudden, it's PURE Brian Wilson.    Brain, who acknowledges a \\"several times a week\\" vocal coach, is in outstanding voice throughout. His vocal harmonies are as sensitive and ingenious as ever - which in this case is almost 50 years. The outstanding instrumental and vocal musicianship throughout reminds us of how blessed Brian was to find this group of brilliant, versatile and empathic musicians that coalesced around him over 10 years ago. Paul Mertens does a remarkable job with the instrumental arrangements, often utilizing strings that add power and pathos but never cloy or sound syrupy. And again the orchestral bridges between songs, a tradition begun on Smile, round out the edges and give the record a thematic focus that deepens its impact.    I have only a few minor disappointments. First, I find the vocal arrangement on They Can't Take That Away From Me a bit less finished than the rest of the songs. He starts off with the call and response and stays with it throughout. I was hoping for a bit more building, harmonically. It doesn't move quite enough as the song progresses. Another relatively minor vocal weakness - to my ears, anyway - is Brian's delivery on Porgy, which has a bit too much swagger and not enough of the vulnerable urgency he pulls off so well on They Can't Take That Away From Me.     But as a whole, Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin is a hands-down triumph. One can only hope we are fortunate enough to experience more of that incredible imagination in the future. And even ifthat doesn't happen, it is time to acknowledge the stature of this amazing man. Up there with Gershwin, for sure...
0399250395|5.0|This is a beautiful book, lots of pop ups and intricate detail. however it is not for your little one to read alone, not unless you want your pop ups destroyed. Great visual aids for children if you are reading to them, pricey but a worthwhile investment. If you want a book for your child to read I suggest the board book version of this one.
B003L77TZI|1.0|Seriously?! People actually listen to this tripe? I've heard so much about Perry lately, that I thought I'd give her new album a listen. If this is what is actually passing as music these days, then we're in a lot of trouble. It's childish, mindless and devoid of any inspiration. The music itself is cookie-cutter bubblegum trash and the lyrics are extremely immature and nauseating.
B002VPE1PW|4.0|Since I don't actually own a netbook, I used this product to hold my Sony Reader, the cables that go with it, a notebook (of the paper variety!), and some pens. It did an excellent job keeping everything safe and easily accessible over my vacation. It's well padded, but not overly so. The zipper allows for easy access, and it's just all-around a good little case for a variety of uses. I'm very happy with it. The only thing I can think of adding is maybe a little fabric pouch, to put things like pens, etc., so they don't roll around. Otherwise, it's great.
B003JTHESA|3.0|First, I'll get my credits as a Maiden fan out...first heard them in high school when Killers was previewed on RockLine...Wrathchild, Murders in the Rue Morgue and the title track were played, and drew me in.  Saw them on both the Beast and World Piece tours, the latter with Coney Hatch and Fastway opening up at the Spectrum in Philly.  Admittedly, they somewhat lost me with Powerslave, as I was transitioning towards modern rock in college.  Anyway, the first four Maiden albums always stayed with me.  I was happy to see Bruce and Adrian back in 2000, and the Wicker Man was a superb blast of 80's minded metal, but, I wasn't move to further investigate.  80's metal pre-high bands has always had a special place in my heart.  But, bands like Tool, Alice In Chains and Soundgarden altered what I believed hard rock/heavy metal could offer.  Then AMOLAD came out, and I realized Maiden, unlike so many of their contemporaries, had the skill and vision to bring their sound into the modern era without sacrificing their identity.  It also allowed me to revisit earlier Maiden for re-examination.  Anyway, I'm not someone pining for the 80's.  I like what Maiden has done since Bruce and Adrian have come back.  There is plenty of material on BNW, DoD and AMOLAD that, IMO, ranks with best Maiden has ever done. So, I don't come into this piece of work hoping for NOTB re-born.    My impressions are that, it's good, but not great, and but has moments of greatness where Maiden sounds as good as they ever have.  (My rating is actually 3 stars.)  I'll break it down as follows:    CLASSIC - El Dorado, Isle of Avalon, When the Wild Wind Blows    VERY GOOD - Starblind, The Man Who Would Be King    INTERESTING - Satellite 15    GOOD - The Talisman, Mother of Mercy, Coming Home    AVERAGE - The Alchemist, The Final Frontier    When this album is good, it's very good...I play Isle of Avalon repeatedly...heavy drama, well-written and superbly played.  Even in it's moments of familiarity, it's delivered with freshness.  The instrumental break where Adrian takes over, is (along with the opener), one of the more interesting ideas Maiden has executed, and gives nod to how much Maiden has evolved.  El Doardo slides snugly next to 2 Minutes to Midnight in approach and execution, with a superb performance by Bruce, and When the Wild Wind Blows could the most emotionally resonating piece Steve Harris has ever penned.  In some ways, I see this piece as the flipside to Die With Your Boots On, as instead of grabbing fate by one's own hand, the characters of the song succumb.  Harris stays away from his awful tendency to writes lyrics like high school book reports, and finds a way to convey the doom facing the protagonists of the song.  You'd have to go back to Hallowed Be Thy Name to find such emotional depth.  The length with Maiden has never bothered me when the songs are strong, and there's flow to the music.      I also want to address the issue of the production and Kevin Shirley.  What I like about Shirley's production is that he has given Nicko's drum sound much more oomph.  I'll admit to being a big fan of Clive Burr's sound and style in Maiden, and while Nicko's is the more technically proficient drummer, and probably suited Maiden better for the path they traveled once he joined, Burr was a beast.  Under Shirley. Nicko's cymbals sound crisp, while his drumming has more impact.    FF fits in with what Maiden has become since Bruce and Adrian have returned.  It's not their best, but, it's good.  And, frankly, given where they've been and where they are now, it's stunning that they continue to reach this level when so many of their peers gave up long ago attempting to be relevant in this manner.    (And, BTW, R'N'R HOF, go **** yourself.  This band deserved to be inducted long ago, before Metallica...much like Purple, Rush, Lizzy, Kiss and Priest.)
B0036EH3WK|4.0|I am still amazed how sweet owning this collection is; every season, tons of features, breathtaking video and sound. Absolutely a must have! There are some areas of concern, however, with the durability of the packaging even though out of the box the set feels durable. The bottom corners of the case are already peeling despite delicate attention. I can also see the tab connected to the top panel, allowing access to the Blu-rays, eventually ripping the beautifully crafted Lost sticker holding the tab in place.    BOX SET SPOILER!  The hidden disk under the map of the island was an amazing touch and so much fun to find, but the tabs that hold the two pieces together are already starting to fall apart. This problem was easily fixed it with some tape where most of the ware occurred.  END OF SPOILER    This box set is absolutely worth the price especially for first time Lost box set buyers. Durability keeps the set from getting 5 stars but the content is very close to getting that star back.
0307454541|5.0|This book is part mystery, part romance, part thriller, but ALL of it is fantastic!  I finally gave into the hype and bought the book and was immediately sucked in by the story.  I love how Larsson goes into incredible detail about politics, which isn't much of a surprise considering how his career closely resembled that of the book's male protagonist, Michael Blomkvist.  Both own and write for a magazine that's very much against the extreme right, and both are hated and receive death threats for their crusade.  But enough about the author.<br /><br />The mystery/thriller aspect of the book immediately reminds me of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's famous Sherlock Holmes books.  It's such a wonderful, modern take on crime solving that you get a bit of nostalgia for the old mystery novels.  However, the female heroine, Lisbeth Salander, is definitely not a character you'd find in an old-fashioned mystery, and neither is the grisly gore of the murders in the book.  Salander is as unique as they come and, although she and I would probably never be friends in the real world, I enjoy reading about her and living vicariously through her extreme independence and obvious genius.<br /><br />My only gripe with the book is the ending.  I wanted a bit more punch and pizazz, and was left with more of a slow fizzle, but all-in-all it's one of the better books I've read this year and I can't wait to start on the next two.  It's really such a shame that Larsson never lived to see this book's success.  Hopefully Blomkvist doesn't meet the same fate in these novels as Larsson did in real life.
B003JTHETY|4.0|First of all, the cover art of the new album is awesome. It is the best album cover since the 80's, and the best non-Derek Riggs cover. It definitely gets your attention. This album is solid with little nuances that make it somewhat distinctive in the Maiden repertoire.     The album starts out strong with \\"Satellite 15\\" which is unique for Iron Maiden. It reminds me of a throwback jam to Pink Floyd's 60's style. I really enjoyed the intro which segues into the \\"The Final Frontier\\" portion of the song. The \\"Final Frontier\\" lyric meshes oddly with the song's story as does radically changing the rhythm and structure of the song 4+ minutes into it. I'm surprised that the band did not add a \\"Major Tom\\" reference as the lyrics match a similar plight of the character originated by David Bowie in \\"Space Oddity\\". The song is still awesome though and one of the best on the album.     \\"El Dorado\\" is the known \\"hit\\" of the album which the band won a Grammy for. It starts out with a cool, hard-driving rhythm and is overall an excellent song. I saw Maiden debut this song live in Dallas.     \\"Mother of Mercy\\" is another soldier song. It is ok. Hearing Bruce repeatedly whine \\"mother of mercy\\" gets old.     \\"Coming Home\\" commences with a mediocre intro, but after the first 30 seconds settles into a really cool song and has good melodies interwoven into the track.     \\"The Alchemist\\" is another one of those \\"The _______\\" songs. It is ok; the main riff is kind of annoying actually and this song is the weakest on the album.     \\"Isle of Avalon\\" is a great song with a medium tempo, nice rhythm, and good solos, etc. I think this is the best song on the album.     \\"Starblind\\" has its moments with a good bridge and solos.  Some segments sound similar to the bridge of \\"Infinite Dreams\\".     \\"The Talisman\\" is a cool song; it starts out with a nice acoustic melody with Bruce singing along (kind of reminds me of The Doors' \\"Names of the Kingdom\\"). Features some classic guitar harmonies.     \\"The Man Who Would Be King\\" is average with cheesy lyrics to start the song.    \\"When the Wild Wind Blows\\" jams and has interesting lyrics; it concludes the album well.     Overall, I think \\"The Final Frontier\\" is the best Iron Maiden album since the 80's. There are some anti-religion lyrics that I don't appreciate, but Maiden brought some creativity in all aspects to this one. The songs overall are very long. Bruce remains an outstanding stage personality, but the \\"Air Raid Siren\\" is dead. Although his voice is not as great as it once was, in most instances his vocals on \\"Frontier\\" are an improvement from the last two decades. The impressive harmonies, called \\"guitar duets\\", that were Maiden's signature sound that contributed to the greatness of the 80's albums are still not as prominent. And whatever happened to the instrumentals?? The last decade produced a lot of songs and rhythms that sounded very similar. Mostly absent are the catchy hooks and lyrics that made the old Maiden so strong. This redundancy of soft intros to heavy tempos on the majority of the songs has gotten old a long time ago, as well as songs entitled \\"The _______\\". I saw Maiden in Dallas for this tour and they resorted primarily to post 2000 songs; Bruce kept trying to pump up the crowd, but people want to hear the old stuff more than the new. Metallica has always understood this, and embraced their roots and made a relevant album with \\"Death Magnetic\\". I respect Steve Harris, but he is very stubborn to embrace what fans really want. It is also no secret the quality of Maiden music has declined since Martin Birch retired from producing, engineering, and mixing duties after \\"Fear of the Dark\\". The other cause of the decline was the departure of Adrian Smith after the \\"Seventh Son\\" tour; when he came back his role was minimized. His influence is more apparent in this album - diminishing Gers and getting Smith back to a prominent role is the right direction for Maiden. With all of that said, I dostrongly recommend this album and I think it is Iron Maiden's best work in a long time. It grows on me every time I listen to it. It's not 80's Maiden, but they still \\"got it\\" and have made a significant recovery.
B002VPE1X4|4.0|This is a really nice carrying case. It protects my camera from harm and at the same time is easy to carry. No hassle getting the camera out of the case! Recommend it highly!
B003JTHESA|5.0|This is the best since brave world , im into it , buy it .<br />mp
B002ZG994U|5.0|I went into the movie with the mindset of what it is. DO NOT go in thinking you will see amazing acting or special effects. A-Team never won an emmy.  BUT this A-team is amazing, Neeson is a better hanibal I believe than peppard. He NAILS it.  And Rampage, who has the hardest job taking over for a man who became a American Icon on this character.. Rampage gets thumbs up, lots of pressure but he plays it well. As do the other characters.  The Origin story is great as is the action, drama and fun.    THE Best \\"fun\\" movie of the year!
B0006Z2KYI|5.0|received  the video promptly and in pristine condition. Great movie and terrific cast. thanks for the prompt service.
1933492953|5.0|Just so we're all clear, I am a 20+ year vet working as a designer in the film industry. The author, Marcos Mateu and I are colleagues, and we work together at DreamWorks Animation. Does that mean I'm biased? Absolutely! Because I can tell you that Marcos is one of the best designers working in the film industry today, and this book gives anyone who's lucky (smart) enough to buy it, a glimpse at how he does it.     As for the book, it's one of the best, if not THE best books of it's kind out there. I've been waiting my entire career for a book like this...one that goes into detail about how to tell stories with pictures...one that doesn't just talk about how to draw, but how to think about drawing...one that explains how to create really powerful images, packed with emotion and dynamics...one that actually delivers the goods. And this book delivers!!! Yes, there have been other books on the subject, most of them with lots of abstract theories, and maybe even some good technical information. But they don't have what this one has...Marcos' drawings. Hundreds of them. And they're all to die for!     OK now for the down side: there's a bit of a wait to get the book. From what I understand, due to a printing glitch, there's been some delays getting the books to market. It was available at ComicCon, and Amazon had one shipment, which they sold out of instantly. But fear not, there are more on the way!!!     In other words, do yourself a favor and don't do what the unfortunate reviewer above did and just pass over this book because it's not available TODAY. Buy it now...because it's going to sell out...fast! Then you'll have to pay big bucks for it on eBay.
0439023513|5.0|I'm not usually one to review but I felt the need to review for this book. The Hunger Games is truly a spectacular trilogy. With each book - and the events that took place - I was always taken by surprise, but never once disappointed.     (Spoiler Alert)    With Mockingjay, when the surprise was delivered it blew me away. I'm still in shock over what happened. Throughout this whole book I was overwhelmed with emotion. There were times when I cried and times that made me smile. Prim's death was what really got to me though. I couldn't believe what I was reading. Just thinking about what took place still strikes a nerve. It even makes my eyes water whenever I think of Finnick too.     I was always for Katniss choosing Peeta. Even if Katniss didn't choose him I still wanted the best for him. I just wanted - with his type of character and who he is a person - him to get his happily ever after. I swear that during most of the of the book I busted into tears of the thought of Peeta dieing. With all that he had to go through I honestly thought he wasn't going to make it.             The ending was the part I enjoyed reading the most. It still makes me cry a little when I think of how Buttercup came back for Prim and how Katniss and him were crying over her. That whole scene was very hard to read, especially with the tears getting in the way.     Though I can't deny the fact that I can't seem to wipe the smile from my face as I read the epilogue. I was thrilled to picture the scene Suzanne Collins wrote out. The two beautiful children - playing around in the meadow - that belonged to Katniss and Peeta.    This book is astonishing, mesmerizing, suspenseful with every turn of a page, remarkable in every way, and truly worth every second of my time. This is one book I will never forget.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|To be completely honest, I did not know what to expect from this album. I considered it to be hit or miss with this combo. I was pleasantly surprise to have stumbled across a masterpiece of contemporary music. This by no means is pop music though it can be appreciated by wide audience. The music is exceptionally well put together, Damian and Stephen Marley did an excellent job. Nas and Damian have good chemistry and play well off each other's specific expertise.        Overall, A great album and Damian Marley is the star of the show. I can't wait for their next solo and joint projects.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I have waited all summer to read this book.  The ending was different.  I enjoyed reading it and maybe the author will continue the story.  The war scenes are a little confusing but overall a very good book!!!
0439023513|5.0|i feel this book deserves 4.5 stars but it's at 4 so i gave 5.  i liked this book a lot, collins writing style is beautiful and the story is very good, although dark.    my complaints:  katniss felt like a pawn to much, not enough action.  i don't know if the author intended this, but the ending leaves gaps. you can fill them if you anylyze every detail, but still.  the love triangle is resolved, but i don't like how the one who isn't picked is written off for no good reason... he indirectly and unintentionally causes a negative event and katniss hates him for it.
0525244581|5.0|I had to read this book for my IB Theory of Knowledge class. It has truly given me a fresh perspective on life.   The most interesting thing about this adorable book is the connections he makes between us and all the characters of Winnie the Pooh: Piglet, Eeyore, Rabbit, Pooh, Tiger, and Owl. According to him, the majority of the time we want to be efficient Rabbit or learned Owl.   But is this really what we want? Or are we merely conforming to society and the prestige marked behind these characteristics?   Us IB kids are stereotypically known for always being on the run- running but never knowing where we're going half the time. This is really not far from the truth. In this generation, the focus for all high-achieving high school students is usually to enter a prestigious college. But the probelm is, most of us never have any idea what we want from our lives let alone what major to decide on. This book is so relevant because it takes the time to bring up all the choices that most of us are making so lightly or beliving we have none.   In The Tao of Pooh, Pooh emerges as the unlikely hero and truly the wisest of them all. It has given me a new outlook on the world and the meaning of our actions and choices.   Another little bonus is a raise in optimism. =]
B003QCNFN8|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this release. The songs really grow on you as you listen. Not sure why their are so many negative reviews here. Could be Zakk fans, don't know. Gus G creates some killer solos, that sometimes fits the song more than just ballz out shreddin all the time. We already know he does that really well. Killer CD!! BUY IT YOU WANT REGRET IT!
B000AADYYO|5.0|This is definitely my favorite Opeth work.  It has the perfect feel and atmosphere for the concept of the album.  Very creepy and compressed, yet also gorgeous and haunting.  I played the \\"mellow\\" songs for my wife (she is NOT a metalhead at all) and she could not believe it was the Opeth she had heard me rave about for years.  That is not to say that this is a \\"Mellow\\" album - it is not.  IT IS perfectly executed complex melodic and eccentric dark metal.  This CD is in my top 10 of ALL TIME.........it makes my heart race everytime I listen - and that is VERY frequently.  I have to listen to this CD in it entirety at least once every other week.  It is such a master musical statement.  \\"The Grand Conjeration\\" is the best Opeth song they have recorded - and that is saying alot!  It is worth purchasing for it alone.  I want to add that all of the musicianship is the very top notch - however the drums stand out more than any other instrument.  They are never boring, ever changing and freakin' unreal.  If you search the internet - you will see many folks playing along and trying to replicate the drums on this album.  I believe this is the best METAL Album ever recorded..............Get it NOW!
1565115147|5.0|The narrator possesses a refined and compelling voice, and the author's writing style stimulates the mind. The author uses a tremendous amount of detail to avoid unnecessary/inaccurate generalizations and intentional/unintentional misinterpretations. However, the author executes this feat without allowing the reader to feel lost in mundane facts. I enjoyed the author's use of rhetorical questions to explore the viewpoints of persons who oppose his assertions. Overall, an informative and invigorating read. I highly recommend this book for anyone who has ever asked, \\"Why did certain people and cultures end up with so much, while others ended up with so little\\".
0671646788|5.0|What I really love about this book...it gives you examples along with a plan to follow. I guarantee the \\"light bulb\\" will go off...Awesome book!
B000FLHYPS|5.0|Side One<br />1. Goin' Back<br />2. Comes a Time<br />3. Look Out for My Love<br />4. Lotta Love<br />5. Peace of Mind<br />Side Two<br />6. Human Highway<br />7. Already One<br />8. Field of Opportunity<br />9. Motorcycle Mama<br />10. Four Strong Winds
030726999X|5.0|Great Book! Must read to finish up the series.  Couldn't put it down.  Lisbeth Salander is the greatest character in a long time!
B003RUZKC8|5.0|I loved this movie!  I want them to make a second one!  Super sexy eye candy and a great story with passion and LOTS of action.  A fun sexy action film like this doesn't come along everyday!  Rent or buy it!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I will not write a long review since the other readers already wrote long ones lol<br /><br />This book is as good as I expected.I dig the end and I hope to read more Suzanne Collins stories :-)<br /><br />I recommend this book big time!
B002QW7AJY|3.0|Saw Pandorum, on Encore last night--which was trashed by most critics.  Not sure if I'd recommend this very spooky; atmospheric sci-fi offering--but the movie has stuck with me...and I'm recording it in about an hour.      Synopsis...sorta:  A couple of astronauts awake from hypersleep, unsure what they're doing onboard a huge malfunctioning spaceship, named the Elysium (Heaven?).  They soon discover that the ship is full of blood-thirsty mutants and a few other frightened human astronauts running for their lives through the bowels of this Geiger-ish (the movie, Alien) spacecraft.  The Corporal falls through maintenance shafts, gets kicked-around, stabbed; etc, so much onboard the mystery ship that an ordinary human would have been incapacitated for life--ten times over (but we do live in the era of improbable action video games).  Through it all the Lieutenant sits in the Captain's Chair, inside Elysian's comfortable bridge, pressing buttons and yelling, \\"Where are you?\\" over the intercom.  As I quickly learned in the 20th Century Air Force:  Rank has its privileges.        I suppose what I really like about the screenplay is that that in their journey to reboot the nuclear reactor, the back-story is slowly revealed.  I also liked the tough/sexy German actress (Antje Traue)--wearing a 22nd Century push-up bra--who could fight like a man.  (\\"Pow-Pow\\": ten points!)  Oh, the imaginary word: pandorum is a psychological condition brought on by extended periods of deep-space travel and suspended animation--where its victim eventually becomes psychotic.  Whether this futuristic physiological condition alludes to the 3,000-year-old Greek legend of Pandora's Box, or not--I don't know.     Now, if David Lynch would have directed this opus, after reworking the screenplay--imagine what a materpiece this would be.  BOB as the Psychopathic Lieutenant!  Strobe lights flashing.  Red curtains rustling...
B000G8NXZK|5.0|Critics (such as the film's most famed detractor- Roger Ebert, whose only point worth noting is his likening the film to Charlie Chaplin's Modern Times) have often compared it to George Orwell's 1984, but, naturally, this is a rather facile comparison, and made mostly because of the plethora of insipidly quotable state sponsored apothegms, like `Don't suspect a friend- report him,' `Be alert- some terrorists look normal,' and `Suspicion breeds confidence.' The state that Sam lives in, in the film, is rather inept (witness the ease with which the rather bumbling Tuttle thwarts the authorities at almost every stage). Sam fails not because the state overpowers him, like Winston Smith to the Oceania authorities in 1984, but because his bumbling and idiocy is even more pathetic than the state's. In effect, Sam fails because he's even more inept and personally weak than the system that subjugates him- he wins the devolutionary race to the bottom (is a Lowest Common Denominator society the cause or result of its citizens?). This is especially true in contrast to De Niro's Tuttle; which augurs well for the citizens of their inept state; whereas the residents of the dismal Orwellian Oceania are doomed.<br /><br />  The DVD package comes in three disks. Disk One has the Final Cut, in a 1.85:1 aspect ratio, as well as an audio commentary by director Gilliam. It is lucid, passionate, engaging, and truly a delight. Rare is the filmmaker, outside of Werner Herzog, who seems engaged by discussing both his film, its circumstances, and its art. Gilliam also dispels the myth that the film was named after the title song, Aquarela Do Brasil; instead claiming the title was gotten first (after a dream Gilliam had of the film's opening in a rain forest about to be techno-plundered) and the song added afterwards. It's interesting that in the few dozen reviews I looked at of this film, not a single critic gives the correct provenance for the film's title- even after claiming to have reviewed the DVD. The transfer is very good, and Gilliam gives so much engaging information that it almost makes the special features on Disk Two seem persiflage by comparison. That disk has two excellent documentaries- a contemporaneous 30 minute long What is Brazil? film that serves as a de facto Making Of featurette, and a 60 minute film, called The Battle Of Brazil, that details the film's struggles against its studio, Universal, and its idiotic empty suits, as well as a piece of grandstanding by the Los Angeles Film Critics Society (of which host and film critic Jack Mathews was part of), which chose Brazil as best film of the year to force the studio to release the full version. Other features include the theatrical trailer, storyboards and assorted crew recollections and discussions of the film. Disk Three has the bowdlerized 94 minute version, and a commentary by David Morgan- a film expert on the works and career of Gilliam. While he is dutiful in pointing out when and where the two films diverge, Morgan is rather useless in discussing other aspects of the film, like some of the moments that are unaffected by the changes, and a few actual improvements- such as the substitution of a few close-ups for long shots, or certain angles the camera shoots at, which give a deeper `in' to the `moment.' His high point is catching the biggest error Gilliam's bowdlerizers made- leaving in the `dream sequence' shot of Tuttle getting devoured by windblown newspapers. In the longer version we see this as one of the first hints that Sam's `escape' from captivity is not real. But, in this version, where the escape is `real,' Tuttle's demise is more than incongruous, it's an actual thumb in the eye. He follows that up by ending his commentary asking which of the two films is the more subversive- the bowdlerized cut which suggests that power can be subverted, or the final cut which shows the only `escape' from authoritarianism is death or insanity?<br /><br />  As for the film itself,there is no great nor memorable camera work to speak of- the odd angles Gilliam uses are all rather standard fare from his Python days, for this film is almost wholly dependent upon the great screenplay by Gilliam, playwright Tom Stoppard, and Charles McKeown, as well as some truly outstanding (and subtle) comic acting by the stars and supporting cast, which included Ian Holm, Bob Hoskins, Ian Richardson, Peter Vaughan, and Jim Broadbent. And, when I say `acting,' I truly mean it. This is acting not built on melodramatic high points, but on often fleeting moments of sardonism where the turn of an eye, or the tic in a face can convey something, both from the main and supporting cast. Pryce, as example, was relatively unknown before this film, while De Niro was in his post-Taxi Driver-Raging Bull heyday as `the greatest actor in the world,' yet it is Pryce's acting that dominates the film, whereas De Niro's is a supporting role in all measures of the term.<br /><br />  Brazil is a theatrical film that is unique. Despite constant and wrongheaded comparisons to other dystopias, it is a film that clearly inspired later filmmakers- most notably Canada's Guy Maddin. But, it also clearly had an inspiration few have noticed- the classic 1967 British television series, The Prisoner. Both works essentially end with the destruction of the individual (even if The Prisoner's lead character `escapes'- he still is destroyed for he is revealed as the villain) in response to modern society. The only essential difference is that more inept and cowardly Sam Lowry never quite realizes he's a prisoner in The Village (or perhaps does, but refuses his reality, thereby deepening his pathos). All in all, The Criterion Collection's DVD set of the film is equal to the film it presents, and that is something all cinemaphiles can celebrate. Get to it!at nor memorable camera work to speak of- the odd angles Gilliam uses are all rather standard fare from his Python days, for this film is almost wholly dependent upon the great screenplay by Gilliam, playwright Tom Stoppard, and Charles McKeown, as well as some truly outstanding (and subtle) comic acting by the stars and supporting cast, which included Ian Holm, Bob Hoskins, Ian Richardson, Peter Vaughan, and Jim Broadbent. And, when I say `acting,' I truly mean it. This is acting not built on melodramatic high points, but on often fleeting moments of sardonism where the turn of an eye, or the tic in a face can convey something, both from the main and supporting cast. Pryce, as example, was relatively unknown before this film, while De Niro was in his post-Taxi Driver-Raging Bull heyday as `the greatest actor in the world,' yet it is Pryce's acting that dominates the film, whereas De Niro's is a supporting role in all measures of the term.      Brazil is a theatrical film that is unique. Despite constant and wrongheaded comparisons to other dystopias, it is a film that clearly inspired later filmmakers- most notably Canada's Guy Maddin. But, it also clearly had an inspiration few have noticed- the classic 1967 British television series, The Prisoner. Both works essentially end with the destruction of the individual (even if The Prisoner's lead character `escapes'- he still is destroyed for he is revealed as the villain) in response to modern society. The only essential difference is that more inept and cowardly Sam Lowry never quite realizes he's a prisoner in The Village (or perhaps does, but refuses his reality, thereby deepening his pathos). All in all, The Criterion Collection's DVD set of the film is equal to the film it presents, and that is something all cinemaphiles can celebrate. Get to it!
B002WIDRM6|5.0|I'm surprised considering my regular musical tastes to be a Lady Antebellum fan but this is a great album for my cd collection. I will say their debut impressed me a lot more than this one but still it's a great cd. Five golden stars.
0061730335|4.0|This book was an inspiring story about a youngster growing up in a small village in Malawi, one of the poorest countries in the world. He could have lost a future because of his mediocre grades in primary school, he could have died in an horrific famine, he could have perished in the face of several catatrophes but none of that happens.<br /><br />The youngster in question is thirsty for knowledge of all kind. On his own, he researches electricity and wind power and constructs a windmill which powers a small flow of electricity and light into his humble shack. This in turn brings him attention and praise from knowledgeable including scientists and inventors and changes his life, and perhaps even his village, considerably. He eventually learns to speak about his invention in important setting and bring knowledge to others about his impoverish and needy nation. While the writing is simple, the story is complex and delightful. This is an excellent read.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I read the first book once. I read book 2 and 3, three times each. I read the fourth book four times.  I believe you have to give a story and its characters a chance to get planted securely in my mind.  This book deserves that.  But, the problem is that now I want more stories about these characters......soon!
1439102813|4.0|I purchased Still Alice because I was doing a little research for a possible character conflict in my own fiction novel, but got so involved in the dialogue that I couldn't put it down! I appreciate the skillful way Genova is able to blend her knowledge of Alzheimer's with the (fictional) perspective of an authentic, relatable character. Even if you don't know of anyone with dementia in your personal life, the relationship dialogue between mother/daughter, husband/wife is honest and revealing.   [[ASIN:1844091147 Yoga for a Broken Heart: A Spiritual Guide to Healing from Break-up, Loss, Death or Divorce]]
B003JTHETY|4.0|It is tough for a band to reach a golden age period when nothing they do is wrong, let alone two times...<br />This is in my opinion the case for Iron maiden the Kevin Shirley/Reunion years have proved to revitalize the band to levels I would have never suspected during the lackluster 90's (Though I still liked them they were not as good as the 80's)<br />It is quite a dilemma to stick to your guns 30 years after and still keep your followers at the edge of their seats.<br />Bruce's voice is coming a bit worn and you can hear here and there pieces of other songs, some of the tracks just don't ignite (Like el dorado easily the album's weakest song) but as usual two or three tracks are just epic and worthy of a \\"Best of\\" album.<br />Overall I feel this the weakest album of Maiden's second golden age (2000+), but still head and shoulders above almost anything now a days on the radio or the charts and still a worthy addition to their catalog.<br />I rate the album with a 73% which is nothing to sneeze at, quite good.<br /><br />Satellite 15/Final frontier: Boy I did not expect the first part of the song, Maiden's bipolar song has the strangest composition in their catalog, but it works to their advantage making the second part of the song almost cathartic, repetitive rocker, but great never the less. Adventurous first half and rocker second half: 4 stars<br /><br />El dorado: It just doesn't work for me, sounds like a cookie cutter soulless maiden rocker that just flops,<br />not bad, but pales to the rest of the album: 3 stars<br /><br />Starblind - The Alchemist - The Talisman - Mother of mercy - Coming home - Isle of avalon<br />This songs are good above average song that take on the album, nothing that stands out, but allows the album to flow into the epic closers. The talisman for instance sounds way too much like something from their previous album carbon copy almost and Isle of avalon borders on boring IMO, but still manage to deliver the above average Maiden goods: 3.5 for the lot<br /><br />The man who would be king: Just when you feel the album has peaked, boy oh boy, this little gem comes along.<br />Rhythm changes, melancholic intro, awesome lyrics. By the time I finished listening this song I felt the album was worth the bucks, but the best was yet to come: 4<br /><br />When The wild wind blows: Can somebody tell me how can the lads land such a majestic and epic song after 15 albums and 30+ years? This is maiden's story telling at their best, moving calmed, diverse, though provoking, at least for me. Lads if this is your final album you closed it with one of the best songs you have ever written, just like Pink Floyd did with high hopes on the division bell. Awesome: 4.5<br /><br />So doing the math I would rate it 3.65 stars, however let's just round it to four due to the outstanding closer song.<br /><br />Well done once again.<br />Cheers mates and, up the irons!st when you feel the album has peaked, boy oh boy, this little gem comes along.  Rhythm changes, melancholic intro, awesome lyrics. By the time I finished listening this song I felt the album was worth the bucks, but the best was yet to come: 4    When The wild wind blows: Can somebody tell me how can the lads land such a majestic and epic song after 15 albums and 30+ years? This is maiden's story telling at their best, moving calmed, diverse, though provoking, at least for me. Lads if this is your final album you closed it with one of the best songs you have ever written, just like Pink Floyd did with high hopes on the division bell. Awesome: 4.5    So doing the math I would rate it 3.65 stars, however let's just round it to four due to the outstanding closer song.    Well done once again.  Cheers mates and, up the irons!
B000BB14YY|4.0|The DVD, put out by Wellspring, as The Masterworks Edition, actually offers some different features than the later two disk The Criterion Collection of the DVD. Both DVDs offer enhanced versions of the film. The Wellspring DVD still has some dirt and splotchiness, although the colors are well restored. And unlike Criterion, Wellspring uses gold subtitles, which are easier to read than the white subtitles Criterion uses. The DVD I saw has production notes, the film in a 1.85:1 aspect ratio, a restoration demonstration, and two film trailers. The chief difference lies in the commentaries. The Criterion version has only one commentary by film historian Stephen Prince, and has a documentary on Kurosawa called AK, by French filmmaker Chris Marker, as well as Toho Studios It Is Wonderful To Create series of documentaries on Kurosawa. By contrast, Wellspring has no featurettes, but a second film commentary, by film producer Peter Grilli. Grilli's commentary is flat and uninvolving, filled with sweeping generalities about film, in general, and this one specifically,; as well delivering few specifics on Ran, much less individual scenes and moments- either within the diegetic reality, or in the making of the film. It is also punctuated by several minutes long periods of silences. It begs the question of why was this person hired to do the commentary? The second commentary is also by Stephen Prince, and it is reportedly similar, but not exactly the same, as the later commentary he did for Criterion. Prince is a very hit and miss commentarian. This offering is one of his better ones. While he always trends to over-prepare and come across as bland and reading notes, this commentary is quite scene specific, and Prince seems to have loosened up a bit.<br /><br />  Overall, the screenplay by Kurosawa, Masato Ide, and Hideo Oguni is a good one, although, as mentioned before, a better fleshing out of the characters was needed. The cinematography by Asakazu Nakai, Takao Sait', Masaharu Ueda shows that good scenery alone does not make for great cinematography. One need only look at films like Sean Penn's Into The Wild or Walter Salles' The Motorcycle Diaries to see that beautiful mountainscapes do not equal great art. Kurosawa's men, by contrast, show how framing and flattening out imagery with telephoto lenses can render reality into a sort of Japanese flat art depiction of the world. This also illustrates the superfluity and flat out wrongheadedness of most critical writing on the use of certain types of cameras or lenses to get certain effects, in this film and in general. Why? Because the flattening of images (such as in the openings ceremonial scenes in the mountains, or in certain interior ceremonial shots, especially when the frame is crowded) is not important for how it is achieved, but for what it imparts to the viewer. In these cases, the flattening of images into an almost Classical Oriental illustration makes the objects and characters in the frame seem to be closer to each other (sometimes almost on top of each other) than they really are in the internal reality of the film's narrative, which, in turn, makes the scenes seem and feel almost claustrophobic. This, then, makes the viewer feel what the characters do emotionally, as they are uneased by the internal circumstances and crowding, just as the viewer is by the external composition onscreen. Thus, viewers understand the aggression onscreen viscerally, cued by what amounts to a subliminal visual testosterone (think of the effect crowding has on male interactions at sporting events, or in cases of road rage). That these effects are achieved via a certain lens or camera technique are, again, far less important than what they impart into the viewer. That so few critics understand this about art, in general, and cinema, in particular, is typical of just why so much art and criticism is so bad, repetitive, and dependent upon the seeking out of artistic intent, rather than artistic effect. Why? Because intent is rather a simplistic declaration, whereas effect is a multifarious cogitation. There are also several jumpcuts in the film that depict emotional fragility of characters and moments. These all work well, and are employed so well that one often does not notice them, except subliminally, or upon rewatch. The score by Tru Takemitsu has an otherworldly feel that really meshes beautifully with the images. It also is obviously influenced- at least emotionally- by Jerry Goldsmith's landmark score for The Planet Of The Apes.<br /><br />  I began this essay commenting on critical cribbing, and one of the most annoying examples of such are when films that are not epic are lauded as such, as if scale had anything to do with quality. Ran is a great example of an epic film that is not a great film. But, it is also an example of a work of art that is essentially cinematic. The totality of the work could simply not be represented in any other form of drama. The visuality of it is essential, and something no bit of epopee, painting, nor even a novel, could replicate the experience of. Yet, mainly its lack of a higher meaning or insight dooms it from the greatness some of the previously mentioned earlier Kurosawa films had. Also, it suffers from a bit of predictability; not only to anyone in on the derivations from Lear, but also in the sense The Godfather, Part III did. When one understands that Hidetora is more of a Mob chieftain than king, one can almost sense, with each betrayal by his two oldest sons, that he senses, like Michael Corleone does, that `Just when I thought I was out....they pull me back in.' But, as a motto for the works of Kurosawa, is such a pull a bad thing? I think not. Oftentimes, when an artist has been as consistently great as Kurosawa was, his bar is set so high in expectation of ineffably great things that when one gets merely demonstrably terrific stuff from him, well, it seems wanting, although from lesser lights it would be praised sky high. Ran is a film that falls just shy of Kurosawa's greatest works, but stands leagues above the vast majority of the films we all watch. If that praise seems faint, then catch it when it falls onto you.Because intent is rather a simplistic declaration, whereas effect is a multifarious cogitation. There are also several jumpcuts in the film that depict emotional fragility of characters and moments. These all work well, and are employed so well that one often does not notice them, except subliminally, or upon rewatch. The score by Tru Takemitsu has an otherworldly feel that really meshes beautifully with the images. It also is obviously influenced- at least emotionally- by Jerry Goldsmith's landmark score for The Planet Of The Apes.      I began this essay commenting on critical cribbing, and one of the most annoying examples of such are when films that are not epic are lauded as such, as if scale had anything to do with quality. Ran is a great example of an epic film that is not a great film. But, it is also an example of a work of art that is essentially cinematic. The totality of the work could simply not be represented in any other form of drama. The visuality of it is essential, and something no bit of epopee, painting, nor even a novel, could replicate the experience of. Yet, mainly its lack of a higher meaning or insight dooms it from the greatness some of the previously mentioned earlier Kurosawa films had. Also, it suffers from a bit of predictability; not only to anyone in on the derivations from Lear, but also in the sense The Godfather, Part III did. When one understands that Hidetora is more of a Mob chieftain than king, one can almost sense, with each betrayal by his two oldest sons, that he senses, like Michael Corleone does, that `Just when I thought I was out....they pull me back in.' But, as a motto for the works of Kurosawa, is such a pull a bad thing? I think not. Oftentimes, when an artist has been as consistently great as Kurosawa was, his bar is set so high in expectation of ineffably great things that when one gets merely demonstrably terrific stuff from him, well, it seems wanting, although from lesser lights it would be praised sky high.Ran is a film that falls just shy of Kurosawa's greatest works, but stands leagues above the vast majority of the films we all watch. If that praise seems faint, then catch it when it falls onto you.
B00004Z459|5.0|I didn't realize there was enough hate for this album to have an overall 4 star rating instead of a 4 1/2 let alone 5...Shoot me down if you like but I think this album goes down as one of the best for the past decade...Before, I hated anything rock, anything with scream, anything with metal, anything with rap...all redundant and familiar...but Linkin Park took everything familiar...mixed it...and made this album with such a unique blend of sounds...\\"In the End\\" best exemplifies this...and I can't believe that people who said they once liked this music at some point still give this album a low rating. Shouldn't the fact that Linkin Park was able to appeal to you so much warrant the high ratings? I mean COME ON, it's been TEN years and even I have to admit that the music is getting rusty and old. If you're into hardcore metal...Hybrid Theory would be too soft for you...if you're into hardcore rock or rap...Hybrid Theory would still be too weak...but if you're into music that doesn't go to extremes in any spectrum or genre whether it's in lyrical content or in instrumentation, this is the music for you. Chester's voice (even when screaming) is easy on the ears and Mike keeps his lyrics smooth and clean. All in all, this album has the great balance. It really is epic. People who think otherwise are allowed to have their opinions, but honestly if that's what they really feel, they really missed out on a masterpiece.
B003XA0F5O|5.0|This is the Best Doctor Who series ever!     Matt Smith is Doctor Who Eleven and Karen Gillian is the new companion.  This series rocks in every way, the acting, the music, the costumes, the creatures, the special effects, the writing, the directing, everything! This series is exciting, fun, scary, mysterious, heart breaking and life affirming. You will laugh and cry. This is the best of the best! This is smart, you'll learn something, you'll feel something, television.    Matt Smith is marvelous! He plays the Doctor like he's a hip, rock star, mad scientist. He is the best Doctor ever! He makes the part his own, and makes you forget about all the previous Doctors. His predecessors are great too, but he has quickly become my favorite. Smith has so much fun with the part. He's awesome, he's on fire!       Karen Gillian is both beautiful and smart. She's the Doctor's partner and she's no dummy! Her character Amy Pond is smart, fun, brave, and a hero in her own right! She is independent. She isn't the damsel in distress, she isn't arm candy. She's the best female character in science fiction since Princess Leia. Yes, she is that kick-ass awesome!    This series should be enjoyed from the beginning, because each episode builds on the last. This is comedy, mystery, horror, fantasy, fairy tale, romantic drama, and science fiction. This series will appeal to everyone.   This is for everyone, not just fan boys and fan girls.
B003JTHESA|5.0|I thoroughly refute and reject the reviews I have read that claim Maiden has run out of ideas, are out of energy, are just old, or other similar nonsense that people have stated.     It is one thing to not like the tendency of recent Maiden to open the majority of their songs with a slow intro.  Likewise, the over-all slower feel of many of the new songs won't be everyone's cup of tea. The length of their songs too can be grating to some that prefer fast, in your face, straight forward metal. Those types of comments are fair enough, but to disparage this complex album to the point of saying the band no longer cares is just incredible in my opinion.     This album has a bit of everything Maiden. Yes, many of the trends found in all the reunion albums are continued in The Final Frontier, and yet The Alchemist is a great old-school type Maiden song that would not be out of place (nor one of the weakest tracks) on any of the old \\"Big Three\\" Dickenson albums.  El Dorado reminds me a lot of Sea of Madness on Somewhere in Time. Many of the tracks have a Seventh Son feel about them.  The Talisman could very well be one of Maiden's best ever. The Man Who Would Be King completely blows me away with every unexpected turn.  I could go on and on...in fact there are only two songs on the record that I don't absolutely love, and I won't even bother mentioning which two because they aren't bad and could easily be someone else's favorites.     I think some of the apprehension people have with this work is that when songs tend to be long and with a progressive bent, it's sometimes hard to know just what the band is building up to. After a few earnest listens, the listener knows where it's all headed, and can revel in the climatic moments.  It's all a bit more complicated than one or two listens can reveal,  and truthfully takes a bit of work from the listener to  truly pay full dividends.  The way the album is mixed, listening to some of the songs is much like listening to classicalmusic, in that if you concentrate hard on one particular artist, there is a lot going on that is dreamily slipping just past your focus. I personally like this \\"soundscape\\" feel to the mix, but again it isn't necessarily easy listening.     So is all this work on the listener's part (not to mention the bands) worth it? Yes, yes, and yes! I love this album. I want you to buy this album and give it a fair try. I can't wait to put this cd in and listen to it after work, again and again...and again.     UP THE IRONS!
B003JTHESA|4.0|Enough people have given a detailed review, so I'll keep it short and sweet.  I've listened to Maiden since \\"Piece of Mind\\" so I think I have probably heard more Maiden than the casual fan.  Don't expect \\"The Trooper\\", expect \\"The Rime of the Ancient Mariner\\".  These are songs that will take some time to contemplate and sort out in your head.  I honestly didn't like it the first listen.  The more I listen to it, though, the more I appreciate what Steve Harris was trying to accomplish with this album.  When I saw them in concert this summer, most of the crowd was disappointed.  They were not happy with the song selection, which was not a 'greatest hits' type of setlist.  This will probably rub the casual listener the same way.      Those that are long time Maiden fans, though, I believe will truly come to enjoy this album and appreciate it.  There is something for everyone here, but like I said less \\"Trooper\\" and more \\"Mariner\\" for sure.      Up the Irons!!!!!
B001DJ7PR8|3.0|Some critics have praised the use of a voiceover narrator in the film, while others, like James Berardinelli, have condemned it. The truth is that it's neither here nor there. Yes, there are moments when it is needlessly recapitulative, but others where it makes for handy elisions of superfluous moments. The voice of Welch, though, is perhaps too much like a young Woody Allen's, and given that Hall's Vicky is clearly the designated neurotic Woody character, this vocal affinity of Welch's subliminally biases the viewer toward feeling a certain way toward Vicky that otherwise might not exist- i.e.- it makes the screenplay seem more about Vicky because she is seen as the Woody character- pro or con, depending on the viewer's preconceptions of the real life Allen and his neurotic onscreen characterizations. The film's strongest point, however, is its anti-climactic ending, wherein all the characters return to where they were. If only the rest of the film were as spare and poetic, then Vicky Cristina Barcelona would have been a film that could be argued for greatness.<br /><br />  As for the actors, the best performance was likely given by Bardem, although he also had the least complicated part- the slimeball user (best described by Vicky as a `charmingly candid wifebeater'). Hall and Messina actually had good chemistry together, which made a viewer wonder why Vicky would give a damn about the slimy Juan, except for the obvious; that Allen was pandering to the Lowest Common Denominator Hollywood ideal of romantic love (being in love) somehow being better than true love (being loved). Scarlett Johansson was again misused by Allen. Her best role was in Allen's light comedy, Scoop, where she proved to be quite an adept comedienne- surpassed in the Allen pantheon of female comic talents only by Diane Keaton. But where this idea arose of her as a sex symbol is mystifying. She's simply a rather average looking young woman, far more suited to the girl next door roles that would have once gone to Donna Reed or Doris Day than the roles she gets, which would have once gone to Marilyn Monroe or Jayne Mansfield. It's truly mystifying, as Johansson simply lacks the sexual `It' factor. But, worst of all is Penelope Cruz. Putting aside the character's stereotypes, I have seen her in a handful of films and a) she cannot act (despite claims that she is far better in Spanish language films than English ones, for over 50% of her role here is in Spanish), and b) like Johansson, she is almost always cast as a sex bomb, despite the fact that she's just an average looking woman and, in this film, looks scrawny, if not outright anorexic. Despite, at times looking like a younger, prettier Mackenzie Phillips, the best looking female in the film, by far, is Rebecca Hall, the least known of the trio. She also is, easily, the best actress.<br /><br />  The film also benefits from some great cinematography by Javier Aguirresarobe, and by that I do not mean merely that Barcelona was beautiful to look at. There are numerous well framed shots, and shots from interesting angles, such as when Cristina and Maria go around the city photographing sights and people. Aguirresarobe is not a cinematographer I've seen the work of before, but after this film, and given his great surname, his is work I will look for in the future, despite whatever director he works with in the future. It is because of the strengths of the film (the cinematography, Bardem's and Hall's performances, the sometimes great deployment of ellipses and narration) that I can recommend Vicky Cristina Barcelona as, at least, a good way to spend a couple of hours in filmic revery. Don't expect a masterpiece from Allen's Golden Age, and you will do ok. Go in thinking it's another Hollywood Ending, though, and you will end the film smiling. Given the lows of some of Allen's work post-Golden Age, that's as close to a rave as you will find, at least from me.ce gone to Donna Reed or Doris Day than the roles she gets, which would have once gone to Marilyn Monroe or Jayne Mansfield. It's truly mystifying, as Johansson simply lacks the sexual `It' factor. But, worst of all is Penelope Cruz. Putting aside the character's stereotypes, I have seen her in a handful of films and a) she cannot act (despite claims that she is far better in Spanish language films than English ones, for over 50% of her role here is in Spanish), and b) like Johansson, she is almost always cast as a sex bomb, despite the fact that she's just an average looking woman and, in this film, looks scrawny, if not outright anorexic. Despite, at times looking like a younger, prettier Mackenzie Phillips, the best looking female in the film, by far, is Rebecca Hall, the least known of the trio. She also is, easily, the best actress.      The film also benefits from some great cinematography by Javier Aguirresarobe, and by that I do not mean merely that Barcelona was beautiful to look at. There are numerous well framed shots, and shots from interesting angles, such as when Cristina and Maria go around the city photographing sights and people. Aguirresarobe is not a cinematographer I've seen the work of before, but after this film, and given his great surname, his is work I will look for in the future, despite whatever director he works with in the future. It is because of the strengths of the film (the cinematography, Bardem's and Hall's performances, the sometimes great deployment of ellipses and narration) that I can recommend Vicky Cristina Barcelona as, at least, a good way to spend a couple of hours in filmic revery. Don't expect a masterpiece from Allen's Golden Age, and you will do ok. Go in thinking it's another Hollywood Ending, though, and you will end the film smiling. Given the lows of some of Allen's work post-Golden Age, that's as close to a rave as you will find, at least from me.
B000002UA2|3.0|Most of the more thoughtful reviews pretty much capture my overall impression of this album...less 'psychedelic', more 'formulistic', 'post Syd recovery', 'pre-DSOTM', no 'space-jams'.  Please indulge me here, but I probably pre-date most of the PF viewers (and listeners), having seen PF in 1969 (Saucer Full of Secrets tour), 1970 (Ummagumma tour), 1975? (DSOTM).  The first two at the Electric Factory in Philadelphia and the last in Pittsburgh, Pa (Arena).  I have to admit fully that I am in the Syd, early Floyd camp...and feel that DSOTM was akin to a commercial sell out.  The album's success created a physical barrier between myself and a band I really identified with. I simply lost the ability to enjoy them any longer.  The size of the performing venues changed dramatically from intimate halls populated by a mellow, spaced out audience to one in which you were surrounded by 20,000 headbangers on qualudes.  At that point, around 1975, I gave up and moved on.    Looking back on the years, I none-the less fully recognize the brilliance of PF through-out its varied history. I enjoy them immensely even today (in my home - far away in space and time from the headbangers). In fact, I am trying to get my 15 year old son to stop listening to pop radio long enough to give them a critical listen.      But back to the album...OBC is certainly not one of PF's finest albums...it always seemd rushed to me and as I said, formulistic.  A few gems like Wot's...Mudmen and Stay are worth the price of admission, however the album does not read as a cohesive whole, but more as a soundtrack...hey, it *is* a soundtrack...seemingly made up of discarded relics from PF's unused material bin.  It should, none-the-less, be part of any PF fans collection (which is why I just bought it...not having heard it for 30+ years!) if only to capture the moment of Floyd's last year of relative obscurity when they were the ultimate cult band to one which became infused with hyper egos, super stardom, huge stage presentations and listened to by a less discerning world audience.  In spite of it all, PF is and was a positively unique and wonderful band, able to capture so much of the cultural pulse of the times through out its very long and brilliant history.
0439023513|5.0|OK well hear i go. I loved this series, I read the first book 12 times in 2 weeks and i fell in love with everthing about it. Now i have waited for mockingjay just as eagerly as everyone.    I dont know what I expected, but it wasnt what I got. Thats the thing i couldn't imagine what she could possibly do with the seires. Now after i finished the book I was shell shocked, I felt let down and dissapointed. But after a moments consideration i realised that Suzanne Collins did more than wrap the ending in a nice ribbon and end the story with a super duper happy fan girl ending. What she did was send us a message, it was only after I finally closed the book that i realised what Katniss had actually done. She had freed herself from being a pawn, she shot coin and finally everyone let her go. She was free to live, when i realised this i felt a bit happier with the story. I was expecting Katniss to be fawned over by everyone for fixing the revolution. But now i realise that wouldnt have worked. She would have still be used as a pawn.    Now onto the subject of Peeta vs Gale. I was a massive Gale fan, and I think Collins has done the right thing. The epilogue gives us readers hope for the future that Katniss and Gale will be friends again, because we saw even till the end they were there for eachother but Katniss realised that it was better for her to be with Peeta. It wasn't settling because of the guilt with Gale, it was more than that. Her seperation from Gale allowed her to realise what Peeta did for her.    I have to say even writing this review has been therapy for me, I have to say that it didn't turn out how i expected but now I have the utmost for Collins for the way she ended the book realistically and didn't just try to make everyone happy.
B001E45XT4|4.0|I purchase this Headset along with $10 C-Media sound card. It sound great on the C-Media but I don't know why when I insert directly in my onboard sound card, it sound terrible. But my front Audio jack produces better sound quality but not as good as this [...]. So I am guessing this is an average quality head set. I was expecting wonder when I read other review but this doesn't sound as good as my skull candy $40 headset. But for $25 it worth it. One issue I have with this headset is the mic, I don't think this is a noise cancelling device. It cannot cancel simple hissing noise in the background, and when I tapped on my desk, the mic picked that up clearly. I am not a heavy gamer who plays first person shooter, but for real time stagey game like StarCraft 2 and Company of Hearos, this is good enough. Music sound crisp and movie sound good too.<br />4 starts because its costs $25. Had I paid more than that, I would have downgraded further to 3 or 2.<br /><br />Update May 2011:<br /><br />I broke this headset after nearly one year of heavy usage. The plastic bar near the left ear cup snapped just as I put it on my head. However, everything still working on the headset, the mic and the headset. If I am any cheaper, I would have duck-taped them and continue using them. But I am not that cheap so I started looking for a bit more expensive replacement. I look into a product in the price range of $50 to $100. There were a lot of great reviews for creative lab fatal1ty series headset but one consent complain I read was that it is uncomfortable after long hours of usage. I watch a lot of video on my PC and play games. I occasionally use VOIP with this headset and there is not a single problem at all. I am on my headset at least 2 hours a day after work and sometime I wore them for five to six hours straight up. So fatal1ty is out of question for me because my skin can easily get irritated. On the top of that, I wear glasses, and with this Plantronics Gamecom 367, I don't feel a thing. I can wear them together for long hours without getting any irritation on my ears. Then, I started looking for Creative lab Sigma series, and Plantornics GameCom 777 (367 older brother), I was just one click away from buying the Sigma but I wasn't too sure of how it will react on my head. I want to be comfortable when I wear them. So I decided to stick to the devil I know, so I was gonna buy Plantronics GameCom 777 but I remember that I already got a studio audio adapter and I can barely hear anything (my family complains that I never hear anything once I wear these headset), so if I upgrade to 777, it gonna be worse. So after giving much thought on my upgrade, I decided to stick with this 367 because when you pair them with a usb studio audio adapter like this one ([...]), you got a pretty decent head set for less than $30. Beside, I need a headset with mic for some VOIP session this weekend and I haven't finish my research yet.<br />I am sticking with this Plantronics GameCom 367 for sometime until I am ready to jump ship. For $25, this is a great deal and best bang for your bucks, If I could, I would have change my Four Star rating to Five because after breaking one up and start looking for a replacement, I realized how hard it is to get a balance product. Unless, you are an audiophile, get this headset along with a USB digital adapter and you would not believe the sound and comfort level you are getting.ear them together for long hours without getting any irritation on my ears. Then, I started looking for Creative lab Sigma series, and Plantornics GameCom 777 (367 older brother), I was just one click away from buying the Sigma but I wasn't too sure of how it will react on my head. I want to be comfortable when I wear them. So I decided to stick to the devil I know, so I was gonna buy Plantronics GameCom 777 but I remember that I already got a studio audio adapter and I can barely hear anything (my family complains that I never hear anything once I wear these headset), so if I upgrade to 777, it gonna be worse. So after giving much thought on my upgrade, I decided to stick with this 367 because when you pair them with a usb studio audio adapter like this one ([...]), you got a pretty decent head set for less than $30. Beside, I need a headset with mic for some VOIP session this weekend and I haven't finish my research yet.   I am sticking with this Plantronics GameCom 367 for sometime until I am ready to jump ship. For $25, this is a great deal and best bang for your bucks, If I could, I would have change my Four Star rating to Five because after breaking one up and start looking for a replacement, I realized how hard it is to get a balance product. Unless, you are an audiophile, get this headset along with a USB digital adapter and you would not believe the sound and comfort level you are getting.
1439153663|5.0|This historical fiction novel is one that earns high praise, and rightly so. It is a story rich in fact, emotion, and events. I couldn't put this book down! The setting of the book is in the antebellum south (a place that is full of tension) and the characters range from the African slaves to the white Masters and all kinds of people in between. Lavinia (the main character) is one of the people who falls somewhere in between. Something like an indentured servant Lavinia works and lives with the slaves and serves the white masters. She thinks she is the same as the other slaves until her world is turned upside down and she has to decide who she wants to be. This is a gripping story and a commentary on the way the world was during that time. I highly recommend this book.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is a versatile CD. I listen to it both when I need to relax and to feel motivated.
0307454541|5.0|At first I started reading this and was thinking: \\"what's all the fuss?\\" I got about a 1/3 of the way into the book and started really getting into the characters. Lisbeth of course shines in this book and you feel a kinship with her.(( at least I do.. being one of many Tattoos/piercings also))<br />I really enjoyed this... it had so many twists and turns that is was really surprising and forehead slapping when you get to the final villan.<br />I recommend this one big-time.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Finally!!!  I waited so long for this show to come to DVD and now it's finally out!  Yes, it's true that a lot of the music from the show has been changed due to licensing, but it hasn't changed the integrity of the show!  Take the good with the bad - it's finally on DVD!  26 hours of a great show, it's awesome!
B000002KNY|3.0|You can see the artsy elemental alignments of punk, funk, rock, and freak beginning to take root, if not hear them coming together seamlessly just yet.
0316067938|5.0|Everyone I have known who has read the whole series of twilight have all said that this is their favorite book. I personally agree with them because of three main reasons. One, Bella FINALLY turns into a vampire. Two, it has a happy ending. And three, I like Bella's vampire power. Three awesome ingredients for a great book. A few things I don't really like about this book are that it has Jacob's perspective on MORE THAN HALF of this whole book and that Edward and Bella's kid is named Renesme. But beside those few flaws it's a pretty well written book. I highly recommend you read it, but you have to read the series in order because it doesnt explain to you what has happened recently. That was my review.
0439023513|5.0|I found myself crying over and over again thru the pages. The entire book is a rollercoaster of action and emotions. The clever twists keep you from even daring to put it down. I devoured every page. The characters (whom I grew to love from the previous books) are put through such tragic events..the entire thing just broke my heart time and time again. Suzanne Collins definitely doesn't make this book in anyway predictable. I never would have dreamed it would end the way it did. So sad. So tragic. So unexpected. After I put the book down..I found myself rethinking the story..drawing fresh tears from the tragedy. Even in my sleep. I loved this entire series and would recommend it to anyone. It trully is an experience unlike any other
0316098337|5.0|I have been a fan of Emma Donoghue for some time, so it was a great privilege to have the opportunity to preview this novel through Amazon's Vine program. While this was quite different from the other books of hers I have read, it might just be her greatest work yet. The horrifying and the mundane keep quiet, tense company with each other throughout the story, and the narrative voice of the 5 year old protagonist is so right-on and believable you will start to think of Jack as much a real person as the author. Don't be scared away by the fact that the plot was inspired by some horrific recent news stories; Donoghue truly makes lead into gold with this tale.
0143118420|1.0|I tried to like this book. I wanted to like this book. But I don't. The writing is incredibly unfocused. The author is amazingly self-centered. Yes, it's a memoir, but even for that genre it's worse than most. And it's boring. A trip of a lifetime to Italy (which is as far as I got) could (should) have been captivating. It wasn't. So I'm giving it back - unread - to the person who loaned it to me.
1401322336|5.0|I'm only a recent convert to the Jamie Oliver fan club, but his enthusiasm toward food and cooking is more than obvious from even the first few paragraphs of any of his books you might read.  I love it, and it makes me want to get in the kitchen and pull out my measuring cups and bowls and start cooking!  I was slightly disappointed, however, as to the degree to which this book has been \\"Americanized\\".  I'm an American living in Australia for a few years now, and I was hoping to see recipes with imperial and metric measurements when I got this book.  There are also other little things in the text that have obviously been altered that are just that little bit annoying because they change the original \\"British\\" feel of the book.  (I've compared my Amazon.com copy with the versions being sold here in Australia.)  I can understand why it was done, but I have a number of other cookbooks that do recipes in both imperial and metric and still retain their foreign feel without alienating anybody.  Nevertheless, the book is still great and inspiring and you can't beat the price (especially compared to here!!).  Maybe the publishers can put out a more \\"global\\" edition next time?
B0029LX2LC|5.0|I've had a lot of my favorite rappers come out this year. I'm not a big roots fan but I know good music and I would say this is one of the best albums to come out this year it's short but great
0439023513|5.0|As I waited for MOCKINGJAY to be released, I couldn't fathom how Suzanne Collins was going to have an ending to such a story in 1 book. I thought it would be impossible. After reading MOCKINGJAY I realize it is the perfect ending.   The story is as much about Panem as it is about Katniss. The sorrow, horror, despair, fear and violence affects every person in Panem. And as Katniss and the others wage this war (for or against)Panem - they are fighting for PEACE. Peace for themselves, their country and future generations. And the price for peace in MOCKINGJAY is almost unbearable sadness and extreme loss.   But Collins gives peace to both Panem and Katniss in a realistic, sad, but HOPEFUL ending.
B000002JB3|5.0|It's a gem you cant miss from Phils solo career. A really amazing album full of diverse and touching tracks.  The Same Moon is one of the best Phil's balads and it's in this album!  I strongly recommend it!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I ordered the complete set with 2 day shipping. Thanks to Amazon I actually got the set on the day it came out even with 2 day shipping. Amazon once again is above and beyond my expectations and this set itself is fantastic. The box is very creative with a bunch of hidden things inside it and on the dvds. The quality (like all Blu-Ray) is amazing and the show is one of my favorites of all time. I highly recommend. Especially with this same set for $85 more on the ABC website. THANK YOU AMAZON!!!
B001EOQWEO|5.0|For those who think this movie is more for adults...    My 2 year old loves this movie and has watched it so much he can quote Wall-E and Eve through the whole movie. He also loves the songs!    It took a couple of viewings before he started understanding, but now he wants to watch it all the time. The movie really is heartwarming, funny, and portrays a good message overall.    Highly recommended!
0439023513|4.0|I won't give a plot summary since so many others have done that.  Instead I'll just focus on some of the most important points for me.  First, this is a terrific page turner.  It ranks with the first of the trilogy in unpredictability and suspense.  Second, it transcends the YA, love triangle, spunky heroine genre and becomes a much more ambitious work, handling major themes.  Among them are the horror of war, its lingering effects on survivors, and the corruption brought about by power. Not new, but powerfully expressed.    The negative reviews seem to focus on the fact that Katniss has become a helpless, often passive, pawn, and is not the strong person she was earlier, that she doesn't become a leader.  I would suggest that anything else would be unbelievable.  She's seventeen, she's undergone major trauma, not once, but twice.  Furthermore, she's always been a pawn, although one with unpredictable strength and daring.  In this book she continues that pattern.  Her relative helplessness underscores one of the themes: there is only so much that individual courage and compassion can do to overcome powerful evil, corrupt, and violent forces.  At the climactic moment she does choose, and acting with her usual rebelliousness, profoundly changes the course of events.  That she sinks into obscurity and slowly rebuilds her private life afterwards seems appropriate and is quite movingly depicted.     The other criticism is that Katniss \\"dumps\\" Gale for Peeta.  She doesn't.  She and Gale seem to mutually agree that the two of them can't be together, no matter how much they care about one another.  Gale is the angry, violent side of Katniss that she must leave to rebuild her life; instead she chooses Peeta, who is her loving, self-sacrificing side--the side of her which volunteered for the Hunger Games to save her little sister.  I didn't see this until the end, but the choice seems perfectly right.    Why not five stars?  Because it's a YA book after all, and doesn't havethe length, the breadth of a five-star book.  For what it is, it's excellent.
0393072231|4.0|The commonest love story might be: She thought he was a bad boy. In fact he was an idiot.<br /><br />I confess that I started The Big Short hoping to finally read a carefully researched indictment of all the bad boys on Wall Street. But as the book proceeds one realizes that the millionaire financiers of Wall Street are not, for the most part, bad boys. They are idiots.<br /><br />Or not: they're smart enough, after all, to be in a business in which idiocy doesn't matter, because you will be rescued from it, again and again, by your neighbor, the American taxpayer--in order, ironically, for him to save himself from what you've done.<br /><br />So in that regard the idiots on Wall Street are craftier than the rest of us, the vacationers of Las Vegas and Atlantic City and Reno. They, after all, don't gamble with their own money. They gamble with everyone else's, pay themselves extravagantly for the privilege (the more absurd their bets, the more they pay themselves), and then they rely upon us to covers their losses when they lose.<br /><br />And we do pay--most recently with our jobs, our homes, our economic futures.<br /><br />When the girl next door gives herself to a bad boy, we can admire, at least, the romance, the danger, the high-spiritedness of what she's done. There's no romance, though, when she gives herself to an idiot. So The Big Short, and the subsequent crisis it explains, is not romantic or even especially sinister. It's just really, really sad.
1423113381|3.0|This review applies to the audio CD version.<br /><br />This is the first in a new young adult fantasy series called The Kane Chronicles. Sadie and Carter Kane, brother and sister who have lived apart since early childhood when their mother died, are reunited in London. Twelve-year-old Sadie lives there with her maternal grandparents, and fourteen-year-old Carter lives and travels with his father, Julius Kane, a noted Egyptologist. They generally get to visit Sadie only twice a year, and on Christmas Eve, Carter and his father arrive in London to visit, only to be waylaid by several people wanting Mr. Kane's attention rather insistently.<br /><br />Before they know it, he is attempting to summon a god in the Egyptian display at the British Museum, and he vanishes in a flash of light. Then all heck breaks loose as Egyptian gods and goddesses begin coming to life and fighting their ancient wars and battles all over again. Carter and Sadie find out that one of the men who met with their father is their uncle, and that they are of a royal bloodline, descended from the Pharaohs of Egypt. They also discover why they were separated when their mother died--their magical powers 'do' things when combined together that aren't always pleasant. As they travel (not always in this world) across country, they learn more about their parents, their magical heritage, and about their mother's death, and must step up to the plate to help save the world.<br /><br />Okay. I loved the Percy Jackson series. This one, I'm not so sure about. There were two readers, one male and one female, and neither one of them were what I would call spectacular. Sadie, who lived in London most of her life, has a British accent. Carter has an American accent. Both of them sound fakey and contrived at times, and the reading was done as if done by someone on speed...much of the reading was virtually 'yelled' by the reader, especially the female one. It was a fast-paced and action-packed book, but the frenzied pace of the reading meant I had to listen in small chunks and it very nearly gave me a headache.<br /><br />I'm not sure how much my lesser opinion of the book was due to the reader vs. the book itself. The story was interesting, but honestly I was not as enthralled as I was with the Percy Jackson books. These two characters just don't strike a chord with me as much, I guess. It was good, but I think if I continue on, I will read in print rather than listening.meant I had to listen in small chunks and it very nearly gave me a headache.     I'm not sure how much my lesser opinion of the book was due to the reader vs. the book itself. The story was interesting, but honestly I was not as enthralled as I was with the Percy Jackson books. These two characters just don't strike a chord with me as much, I guess. It was good, but I think if I continue on, I will read in print rather than listening.
B003EYVXYG|4.0|I watched this movie twice before coming to a conclusion (always best to do with a Romero movie) and said, well my subject line says it all!    While this movie seems more like a drama then real horror movie, it did offer some scares and a few chuckles along the way.      Yes the CGI is a bit cheap, but that made a few of the good laughs in the movie (using a fire extinguisher to kill(?) a zombie is original!), but again remember George is working with less money then James Cameron!     By now you've heard the plot, its a month or so after \\"Night\\", the zombies are getting more numerous, a National Guard guy named Sarge (who was a 30 second part in \\"Diary\\"), decides he's had enough, gets a few guys and a hot lesbian (poor guys!) and high tail it for greener pastures.  After a fight with some sick yokels they rescue a teen who shows them a YouTube video of a \\"zombie free\\" island off Delaware.  Instead they get in the middle of a Irish clan feud between two leaders who have different ideas about what to do with their undead loved ones.      I guess George's social message (he puts one in every movie) is a poke at \\"right to life\\" and some people who think all life is sacred, even undead life, and the end justifies the means.      Is it Romero's best movie?  NO, but is it good. Yes.    Like his other films, people are the real enemy, the zombies, well are just looking for a snack!
B0030U1TLQ|2.0|I think that it seems a little easy to start off by saying that I am a Cure fan, and that I think \\"Disintegration\\" is brilliant. Though not my favorite Cure record to listen to (that's their 1985 masterpiece \\"The Head on the Door\\"), this is easily their masterpiece, combining their talent for epic grandeur and pop melodies with the more depressing, crushing instincts. \\"Disintegration\\" owns and this is pretty much a fact.  However, I have to say that I am not particularly pleased with this deluxe reissue of the album.  The original record has been remastered. In some ways this is a good thing, as the bass parts are more distinctive in the mix and the vocals sound clearer than they did on the original printings. In the process of remastering the record though it seems to have lost a little bit of it's warmth and claustrophobic quality that enhanced the overall listening experience of the record as a whole. Though rich in it's production the songs themselves, especially as the record progresses, were dense, and the remastering, which opens the sound up a little more, takes away that quality slightly.  The bonuses are hit or miss. The demos are almost entirely one timers, the sort of thing that you listen once as a curiosity and probably never go back to again. And the remastered version of \\"Entreat\\" is suitable, now featuring the entire record live in concert, but I have to wonder how many times it will be played. The Cure live is a terrific experience in person, but on disc sounds a little flat and sticks too closely to the script to be considered a new experience of hearing these songs.  The packaging is decent, with the booklet of photos and album notes you would expect following the previous Cure reissues that found their way to shelves over the past few years. Nothing you probably didn't already know if you are a fan of the record, but nice to have to look at occasionally.  Really, decent describes how I feel about this package. After plumbing through all of it Ican't say that I feel that this something that I felt was a necessary buy. Many fans may really dig it, but for me the original CD pressing (and vinyl as well) top this one on sound, and the bonuses aren't essential to anyone except the most die-hard fan.  And that person wouldn't even read this review because they already have it. But if you are new to the Cure and have heard good things about this record I suggest you get the standard pressing first. It would be a better investment in my opinion.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I really like these.  I believe another reviewer wrote they make the controller feel how they should have from factory.  I agree.  From the moment I put them on, that first grab, they feel natural.  Very nice.    I am writing this relating to Battlefield Bad Company 2.  It is really the only game I play.  At first, I found myself tossing grenades a few times, as it is easy to hit these buttons now.  Don't have that problem after a few rounds, but it's nice, as you don't  have to move your finger as far to hit the L2/R2.      Great product.  Would buy again.  Will probably buy a 2nd set for my other controller.
0439023513|3.0|**Spoilers here**  First I want to say that I think Suzanne Collins is an extremely talented author.  I have grown to absolutely love or hate the characters in this trilogy.  There are things I loved and things I didn't love about this book.  Loved:  The latin definition for Panem revealed now, Finick's reunion with Annie and their joy, an unexpected friendship with Johanna, getting to know Prim better, and even seeing Katniss interact more with Gale.  I loved that Ms. Collins chose not to dwell on the \\"love triangle\\" aspect and successfully portrayed the horrors of war.  Didn't love:  I wanted so badly for Katniss to make her stand and fight for Peeta.  For his safety, for his sanity and for her love for him.  I understand the need to show the difficulty in overcoming the trauma of loss, but it felt like Katniss just gave up her fight, even for Peeta.  After all he'd done for her, fighting for her, I just wanted to see that reciprocated in Peeta's greatest need, overcoming what the capitol did to him.  Love, not morphling, should have pulled her out of her pain and caused her to fight for Peeta!  I wanted, just once, for Peeta to see the pearl she always carried with her.  And I wanted Katniss to take control of her fate, not just let it happen.  They ended up together, again, because of Peeta.  That disappointed me.  I was also disappointed, and confused that she voted \\"yes\\" to future hunger games.  The epilogue states that there were no more games, so I am left to believe that it was a ruse, or else a window to a future series of books.  But, it was so questionable, and Katniss was so broken that I couldn't figure that one out.
B0001I561E|5.0|DVD was in excellent condition and arrived in record time.  I will definitely buy from this seller again.    Thanks!!
6304698526|5.0|McQueen is Bullitt,the no-nonsense ultra-cool detective,laconic icon of cool.He makes you realize how the big stars acted with their eyes,their body language,creating a myth and acting within their own image.This film took McQueen into superstar status.Behind him come the Redfords and Newmans,the Eastwoods.To set him up against Robert Vaughn as Chalmers,the politician,a man of many words and much sleaze,is to create the insubordinate cop pitted against those in power,the forerunner of Coogan's Bluff,Dirty Harry,The French Connection.This film was the progenitor of all the car chases you have ever seen,but it betters those later ones,because it is shorn of tricks and CGI,with The Man doing many of his own stunts,dipping and swerving,bumping and rising in the sunny streets of San Francisco Bay.His eyes as blue as the bluest of blue skies,with a jazzy soundtrack playing in the background.   Think of McQueen and you think of The Magnificent Seven,The Cincinnati Kid,The Great Escape,The Getaway,The Thomas Crown Affair,The Sandpebbles...seeing this film decades after I first saw it makes me realize how unforgettable it is.And the Mustang.Who cares about the plot?
6304712499|5.0|I have been a fan of the Spawn series since I was a small child and I LOVE this movie! I just ordered it from Amazon.com and am very satisfied! Just as Amazon.com said, the item was brand new and very well packaged! I also love the extras on the dvd! The music video, drawings, character biographies...EVERYTHING ROCKS! I am a very satisfied customer!
0439023513|5.0|I was so excited to go to my local bookstore's midnight release party for MOCKINGJAY. I hadn't been to a midnight release party for quite awhile and it's such a singular experience, wandering the aisles and just soaking up the high pitched excitement and general camaraderie in the air. And this time I got to do it all with my always-up-for-a-good-time sister Liza and the lovely Holly from Book Harbinger. Together the three of us admired the radical Capitol hairstyles, watched the archery contest, and stood slack-jawed as a couple of serious fans wowed the audience with their insane knowledge of Hunger Games trivia. And when we stopped in the cafe for some drinks and snacks and saw the special offerings (Creamsicles for Team Peeta vs. Root Beer Floats for Team Gale), I just went ahead and ordered that root beer float as a last toast to the guy I thought she'd be happiest with. When I walked out of the store that night with my shiny blue copy, I could not wait to get home and start it. I was very entertained by the first book and thought (after my initial anxiety attack) that the second installment was even better than the first, full of twists and turns and awesome intensity. So I went into the third and final novel up for anything, harboring a few suspicions and fears, but certain that Suzanne Collins would bring her A-game one more time.<br /><br />District 12 is no more. This is the thought Katniss Everdeen must repeatedly force through her head until it makes some sort of sense. Gale's impossible words have failed to penetrate her brain and she must see the ashy remains for herself in order to accept what has happened and move on. To the fabled District 13. Where she is expected to breathe new life into her Girl on Fire persona and rally the troops from all twelve other districts in a full scale attack on the Capitol. She is expected to do this without protest, without questioning why, without the one person by her side who made it all seem possible. As a prisoner of the repulsive President Snow, Peeta is trapped beyond her reach. And Katniss must decide where to throw her support. Outside of the arena, she's assumes a different but equally crushing load of responsibilities worrying about her mother and Prim, keeping up with her best friend Gale who is putting his considerable intelligence and skills wholeheartedly at rebel command's disposal, and maintaining her fragile connection with the other surviving tributes, including beautiful, damaged Finnick and the deceptively savvy Beetee. Hanging over it all are the sinister, yet unmistakable hints that President Snow is watching her more closely than she knows. Surrounded by a tight circle of people who call themselves her allies, but do not always act accordingly, Katniss must claw her way through an ever-widening fog of manipulation and deception if she is to settle on a course of action and truly be the Mockingjay the world of Panem so desperately needs.<br /><br />Honestly, I feel a bit raw, you guys. Worked over and only sort of holding it together. Under a thin veneer of composure, I went about my day, drifting from home to work, methodically going about my responsibilities and tasks. When all the time my mind was spinning and returning over and over to the adrenaline shot that was this book. I read the first 75 pages that night and, in a carefully controlled way, closed the cover and went to sleep. I finished the last 300+ pages the following night in one headlong gulp, looking up at the end with tears in my eyes. What an incredible feat of entertainment! And how very much I loved the ending. It was perfect down to the final word and somehow that perfection and attention to detail to the bitter end made me okay with it all. Even though it is the most brutal of the three books. Even though the things we find out about the real under workings of the Capitol are so much worse than I feared. Even though there was no way these characters I loved were going to make it out unscathed. But I was okay with it--the bleakness and the alienation and the loss--because it felt real and unvarnished. And because, though I had as much fun as anyone spouting my team allegiance from the top of any available elevated location, it was never about the triangle. It was about Katniss. It was her personal, harrowing account. That is how it started and that is exactly how it ended. And if I didn't necessarily agree with a few of her choices, I absolutely understood why she was making them and, more importantly, that they were hers. I loved her when she was the flame that ignited a revolution and I loved her when she was unbearably cold and flawed. A favorite passage early on that encapsulates so much of Katniss:<br /><br />***<br /><br />By the time we get to Command, Coin, Plutarch, and all their people have already assembled. The sight of Gale raises some eyebrows, but no one throws him out. My mental notes have become too jumbled, so I ask for a piece of paper and a pencil right off. My apparent interest in the proceedings--the first I've shown since I've been here--takes them by surprise. Several looks are exchanged. Probably they had some extra-special lecture planned for me. But instead, Coin personally hands me the supplies, and everyone waits in silence while I sit at the table and scrawl out my list. Buttercup. Hunting. Peeta's immunity. Announced in public.<br /><br />This is it. Probably my only chance to bargain. Think. What else do you want? I feel him, standing at my shoulder. Gale, I add to the list. I don't think I can do this without him.<br /><br />The headache's coming on and my thoughts begin to tangle. I shut my eyes and start to recite silently.<br /><br />My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capitol hates me. Peeta was taken prisoner. He is alive. He is a traitor but alive. I have to keep him alive . . .<br /><br />The list. It still seems too small. I should try to think bigger, beyond our current situation where I am of the utmost importance, to the future where I may be worth nothing. Should't I be asking for more? For my family? For the remainder of my people? My skin itches with the ashes of the dead. I feel the sickening impact of the skull against my shoe. The scent of blood and roses stings my nose.<br /><br />The pencil moves across the page on its own. I open my eyes and see the wobbly letters. I KILL SNOW.<br /><br />***<br /><br />Ms. Collins most definitely brought her A-game and it shone brightest in the excellent cast of secondary characters, in the complex and painful path of introspection Katniss trod, and perhaps most of all in the expertly crafted fight to the finish. Several times I paused while reading to silently acknowledge the brilliance of a certain plot twist or to admire the way she always kept me guessing. My emotions tumbled over the edge at the most unexpected of moments. As I smiled and frowned, questioned and disagreed, and thought and thought and thought. I felt winded and yet filled to bursting with excitement for the entire 400 pages and that caliber of reading experience will never be lost on me. MOCKINGJAY assaulted all my senses and left me with not a little of my own post-traumatic stress. It made me feel and long and rage and cry and I loved every word. Finest kind.was okay with it--the bleakness and the alienation and the loss--because it felt real and unvarnished. And because, though I had as much fun as anyone spouting my team allegiance from the top of any available elevated location, it was never about the triangle. It was about Katniss. It was her personal, harrowing account. That is how it started and that is exactly how it ended. And if I didn't necessarily agree with a few of her choices, I absolutely understood why she was making them and, more importantly, that they were hers. I loved her when she was the flame that ignited a revolution and I loved her when she was unbearably cold and flawed. A favorite passage early on that encapsulates so much of Katniss:     ***    By the time we get to Command, Coin, Plutarch, and all their people have already assembled. The sight of Gale raises some eyebrows, but no one throws him out. My mental notes have become too jumbled, so I ask for a piece of paper and a pencil right off. My apparent interest in the proceedings--the first I've shown since I've been here--takes them by surprise. Several looks are exchanged. Probably they had some extra-special lecture planned for me. But instead, Coin personally hands me the supplies, and everyone waits in silence while I sit at the table and scrawl out my list. Buttercup. Hunting. Peeta's immunity. Announced in public.     This is it. Probably my only chance to bargain. Think. What else do you want? I feel him, standing at my shoulder. Gale, I add to the list. I don't think I can do this without him.     The headache's coming on and my thoughts begin to tangle. I shut my eyes and start to recite silently.     My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capitol hates me. Peeta was taken prisoner. He is alive. He is a traitor but alive. I have to keep him alive . . .     The list. It still seems too small. I should try to think bigger, beyond our current situation where I am of the utmost importance, to the future where I may be worth nothing. Should't I be asking for more? For my family? For the remainder of my people? My skin itches with the ashes of the dead. I feel the sickening impact of the skull against my shoe. The scent of blood and roses stings my nose.     The pencil moves across the page on its own. I open my eyes and see the wobbly letters. I KILL SNOW.    ***    Ms. Collins most definitely brought her A-game and it shone brightest in the excellent cast of secondary characters, in the complex and painful path of introspection Katniss trod, and perhaps most of all in the expertly crafted fight to the finish. Several times I paused while reading to silently acknowledge the brilliance of a certain plot twist or to admire the way she always kept me guessing. My emotions tumbled over the edge at the most unexpected of moments. As I smiled and frowned, questioned and disagreed, and thought and thought and thought. I felt winded and yet filled to bursting with excitement for the entire 400 pages and that caliber of reading experience will never be lost on me. MOCKINGJAY assaulted all my senses and left me with not a little of my own post-traumatic stress. It made me feel and long and rage and cry and I loved every word. Finest kind.
B003HKN52A|2.0|Elvis on Tour is a terrible DVD!  Most of the movie is on a 3 image screen and very distracting.  Who cares about anyone but Elvis? Did the backup singers or band produce this because it sure looks like they want to be center stage. Very disappointing; would like to return it.
B00079HZUM|4.0|A good and thoughtful film which shows its stage origins by a modern playwright depicting the struggle in an actor's soul between convention and instinct,beauty and passion.Ned,the brightest star in restoration theatre plays female roles and knows all the art and stagecraft of being a woman,he couldn't play a man,so ingrained in his soul is the feminine persona with all its gestures, physical flourishes and expressions.Women are forbidden to appear on stage.His world will come crashing down as the king's mistress,Nell Gwynn,wants to see only women play women,and men play men.Ned has to unlearn everything he knows and be everything he is,but he can only do that with his love for a woman and her love for him.That woman is his former dresser Maria(Danes) who worships and loves him,but has ambitions to act,impossible until the new King's edict,which now comes into law.She too cannot play a woman,as she has imitated Kynaston(Cruddup) so long,just as he struggles to connect with his masculinity when he first tries to act the man.Billy Cruddup has a natural beauty and is able to convince one he is a stage woman acting as Juliet or Desdemona.There are some Carry On moments when he allows 2 admiring ladies to feel beneath his dress.The question is can he play Othello to her Desdemona as he is asked to.When he feels like a man, he acts by holding a mirror up to nature.    As the play is done in the 17th century,the costumes and sets bring this out with all the energy of a bawdy,noisy, smelly,clamouring London.The theatre's wooden creakiness and back-stage labrynthine quality gives a sense of theatrical edge to the language, backed up by Richard Eyre's experience as a stage director with his knowledge of stagecraft.The many good English actors like Everett,Wilkinson,Chaplin,Bonneville give solid performances and real support to the two American stars,Danes and Cruddup.There is a tradition behind this,too,of American stars coming to London to act on the English stage.This willenhance their prestige and acting range and skills.Unlike other reviewers I think there is real chemistry between the stars.One has to adapt to the idea they are being asked to act at two removes from their own culture:not only as English, but using  17th century idioms common to the Restoration.Only these two stars could have pulled this off.And Cruddup had to wear a corset!
1400052173|3.0|I enjoyed the first half of the book.  It was informative and educational.  The second half - not so much. It took a bad turn with the introduction of Deborah and their trip together.  The author depicted her as a  woman who has the mind of a hyperactive 5 year old with ADD.  \\"Oh my god. . . . I did this to her?\\"   Maybe.  Maybe not.  The book went from the scientific and factual to the land of superstition and sensationalism  I was left with the impression the book was a collage of facts and embellished observations.  It's a good idea to leave your readers for a desire for more.  I was left with a desire for less.
B000JMKNV0|5.0|I always ask people if they have seen the movie \\"Shutter Island\\" before talking about the book.  If you have seen the movie, then this review is not for you.  If you haven't and know nothing about \\"Shutter Island\\" get this book and read it.  I can't say anything else, except this is an exciting, page turning mystery that will have you asking how he did it.  Then give the book to some one else so you can talk about how good it is.
0316067938|5.0|Last night, after a few weeks of reading at every opportunity I found, I finished the fourth and final of the Twilight series.  After much speculation of Breaking Dawn (and stupidly reading bad reviews first) I was pleasantly surprised by the end of this series.  I am dumbfounded at the amount of flack and bad reviews that were given to this book.  It was truly upsetting to read review after review that tore it apart.  Why didn't Meyer elaborate on the sex scene?  Why was the birth scene so graphic?  How could Bella end up with everything - Edward, Jacob, a baby, a home, her father, etc???  My question is when did the world become so bitter?  Is there something so wrong with a happy ending?  These books were originally intended for a less mature, teenage audience therefore not elaborating on the sex scene and making it seem somewhat \\"wrong\\" in my opinion was a good way to go.  The same goes for the birth scene.  It IS possible to get pregnant the first time and giving birth to a child is not to be taken lightly is it?  As adults ( I am 30) we may not understand Meyer's descriptions but it wasn't necessarily meant for us.      Bella and Edward get married - Ok maybe she's young and 18 is not exactly the ideal age to get married in 2010 however if you have already decided to become an immortal and this was your husband's only request doesn't that make sense?  If I had the chance to freeze time I would have done it earlier than 30 when my body was in better shape and I could be young forever.  1 Point for Bella.    The honeymoon - Give the girl a break.  She just married a sparkly beautiful man and wants to have sex with him.  When did that become wrong?  She is spending her life with him after all.    The pregnancy - Reality check: you can get pregnant the first time!  Ask my mother how I got here.  I have no experience in carrying a half vampire child in my womb but I feel that Meyer did a great job explaining it.  The breaking bones,  the blood drinking, the \\"littlenudger\\" - Sheer perfection!  A human child can wreak havoc on a woman's insides so why was her description so offensive?    The birth - Graphic, realistic, scary, amazing.....next topic    Renesmee - Ok the name is out there and hard to say but much more justifiable in the world where babies are named Apple, Sparrow, Rumor and Peaches Honeyblossom (It's real. Look it up).  At least the baby wasn't named Little Nudger.  After a while Renesmee kind of grows on you.  Nessie isn't my favorite either but what other nickname is there for a unique name like Renesmee?    Jacob's imprinting - Please repeat after me: Jacob is not a pedophile.  Where does this reference come from?  Jacob is never inappropriate with Renesmee in any way.  He loves her and knows that SOMEDAY she will be his destiny.  Finally we understand where the tie between Jacob and Bella comes from.  Why she could never let him go and why he stayed after she professed her love for Edward over and over again.  It all makes sense like the moment in a horror movie when the killer is revealed and we find out why he did it.  The \\"ah ha\\" moment.  I love that Bella gets to keep Jacob in her life and that he and Edward have finally found peace with each other.    Where are the Cullen's - Well, they were there.  They were not as prominent as they were in the first 3 books but there were reasons.  This book was about Bella, Edward and Jacob mostly.  It had to be due to the nature of what was going on.  It's not like they vanished.  There was a even a new found bond between Bella and Rosalie which I liked.  Rose had a bad reputation and finally redeemed herself.  Points for Rosalie.      Stop hating on this book.  Read it again.  Look a little deeper.  And please accept a happy ending from time to time.    -THE END-
B003EYVXYQ|2.0|First, I'd like to say I bought the Blu-Ray version of the movie.  I played it on a Sont BR player using an HDMI cable into a Sanyo 52' at 1080i.  It looks great! That being said, the movie itself, well, I think the consensus is that George has been slipping since Dawn.  Day was ok, Land a step lower, Diary aweful, and Survival? Just plain bad.  The premise is a good one - tracking a band of survivors as they seek to escape the horror that is unfolding around them.  Escape to an island - again, makes sense, good idea.  Once they get there though, it all falls apart. Feuding Irish clans?  On an island off the coast of Maryland?  Huh?  And each has radically different ideas about how to deal with the living dead problem.  One side wants to kill them, the other (get this) wants to keep them around until some form of cure comes along.  Now, much has been made about Romero's much vaunted \\"social commentary.\\"  I've personally found it ameturish, sophmoric, and silly (and, inevitably leftish).  In the case of this movie, I know he's trying to say something, I just can't figure it out.  Pro life vs pro choice?  Money (in Romero parlance = greed) again makes an unintelligable appearance in this movie (see \\"Land\\") signifying, well I don't know as money could not have any possible use in a world that has completely collapsed. And zombie horseback riding?  Come on......  And once again (and this is by no means confined to this movie alone) the military is no realistically portrayed.  This should be an easy one to get right, but doesn't.    .......BUT there are good aspects as well.  Romero has increasingly introduced the living dead \\"rules\\" into each of his movies, starting with NOTL.  The ideas that the living dead can, for instance, survive under water was introduced in Land but fleshed out a bit here.  The gore is there, although a couple times a bit cartoonish.      Hey, I'm a die hard fan on the Living Dead movies, so of course I had to watch it.  But to say I was disappointed would be an understatement.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|I have been a loyal fan of Showtime's series, \\"Dexter\\" since the first season.  When I saw the first 2 episodes in advance of the series debut, I KNEW this was going to be an incredible series.  Michael C. Hall is one of the most under rated actors today.  That has changed now due to season 4's incredible success as evidenced by the ratings for the show, as well as the Golden Globe and Emmy wins.  John Lithgow was delightful and very scary as Dexter's would be mentor.  And Michael was at his best in season 4.  The writers did a wonderful job of manipulating our feelings toward Rita.  She was such a whiner in the 4th season, and I frequently found myself wishing Dexter, (or anybody for that matter), would kill her.  Fortunately, Dexter found his \\"Real\\" self last year, and that made Rita's death so very sad.  People say this show isn't for everyone but, I disagree with that.  Dexter is one the smartest shows of all time.  A true classic!
0375507256|5.0|\\"I envy you that you are reading Cloud Atlas for the first time\\".      \\"It's kind of like climbing a mountain, you go up and then you go down.\\"      These are two of the comments I got when my two friends that have read Cloud Atlas, heard I was reading it for the first time.  I admit I started it with some trepidation.  All the reviews I had read and what my friends said made the book sound incredibly good and smart.  I was afraid that I wouldn't get it.  I was afraid that I wouldn't like it.  I started reading it with a look out for all the tricks.  How good could it be?    Well, having just finished it I can quite honestly say Cloud Atlas is a great book!  I won't talk about the structure because you can read that in other reviews and I won't give anything away.  I will say that there were times in this book that I said, \\"How did he do that?\\"  or \\"I can't believe he was brave enough to do that.\\"  There is good writing here, writing that is rich and lush.  Some negative reviews state that they couldn't relate to the characters.  For me some were more real than others.  I didn't like Cavendish. Another review hated the sixth part, but they had an audio version and I can see that.  The sixth part was hard for me at first, the language was difficult, but then, aha, I got it!  Each page is dense and a little says a lot.  I read this book slowly, savoring each section.  In fact I stopped after each section to think about what had happened and wonder what would happen next.  Whenever, I put the book down, I found myself thinking about the characters and what I have read. I wanted to go back to reading as soon as possible.  Is this a page-turning-spine-tingling thriller? No.  But this is a wonderful book.    I leave it to you to discover the themes and meanings; it is much better this way.  A few suggestions.  Don't borrow this book, buy it you will want to take notes and bookmark, plus you will want to read it again.  Take your time, you don't want to miss anything.  This book IS like a mountain, it is harder going up than down.  You will have your aha moment with this book, you will have many.  Buy it!  Read it! I envy you.
B003EYVY0E|2.0|I'm a total fan of both the Harry Potter books and the movies. I purchased the first two Ultimate Editions primarily to have the extended versions. I was always frustrated that they didn't originally put them in the first DVD's (other than the individual clips) but they would insert the extra footage when they played the movies on tv. When I learned the ultimate editions were coming out for the 3rd and 4th movies I was overjoyed UNTIL I heard that they are not including the extended cuts. Hello?? Isn't that what the \\"Ultimate Editons\\" are all about??  Needless to say I will not be purchasing these.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Spartacus: Blood and Sand starts off extremely rocky with a tepid first three episodes. After that the series finds its footing  and gets you completely and fully engrossed by the episodes leading up to the finale.     One thing I noticed people are not commenting on is the music. Listen to the music while Spartacus is trying to convince Crixus to join him and find his love or during Spartacus's final speech in the finale. This music rivals the epic scores of the music moments on my favorite shows like 24 and LOST. I hope they invest more in the score for the second season and really take a step back and look the way it was well-matched particularly in the finale.     I started watching this show by myself and eventually built up a following of a few other friends who would get together and watch it. What drew them in were the characters and the building story -that crackling tension that every episode that passes pushes Spartacus closer and closer to rebellion.     Andy Whitefield as Spartacus and John Hannah as Batiatus both deserve Emmys for their two particularly standout performances. Whitefield was basically unknown in the USA before this and Hannah would probably best be recognized as the goofy brother from The Mummy Series. Here they both give it their all and give extreme depth to their relationship as slave/master and to their characters and the result is tremendous.     5 out of 5 stars, highly recommended.
081297381X|5.0|I admit it: I am a \\"Black Swan\\" groupie. Maybe I'm one of those people who heartily express their agreement with Taleb and then go back to applying the same flawed models \\"made in Mediocristan\\" to illuminate our way through Extremistan. But I still delude myself into thinking that the book had a profound impact on me. That I am wiser because of it. Maybe if I read the book enough times I will some day cease to be a turkey... In any case, I bought the second edition, not just for the new section but also to re-read the entire book. Ok, the impact of a second reading is not the same sensation of being struck by a thunderbolt that you felt three years ago. For one thing, Taleb's ideas have gone mainstream. They're simply everywhere. I was recently listening to a lecture from British astronomer Martin Rees and, boom, the Black Swan is there. The concept even pops up in books written before 2000 (read Stephen Jay Gould's [[ASIN:0609801406 Full House: The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin]] for a pre-Talebian critique of the Gaussian curve that sounds distinctly familiar). For another, a megacatastrophe like the 2008 financial meltdown has made us more amenable to the idea that the universe is probably less stable than we delude ourselves into believing, and that \\"economy\\" and \\"equilibrium\\" should probably not be used in the same sentence.<br /><br />So is it worth buying the expanded edition? The author has apparently been told one too many times that there aren't enough positive recommendations in the original book. Busy executives want \\"actionable lists.\\" Editors want tidy tips to put at the back of the book. Although Taleb protests repeatedly that negative advice is just as useful as positive prescriptions, he caves in to a certain extent and --in his trademark obnoxious style-- goes on to lay out several useful dictums to guide you in life, some more tongue-in-cheek than other (\\"Don't give dynamite sticks to children even if warning labels are attached\\"). Having drunk the Kool-Aid, I found the section enjoyable (not surprisingly), but probably the most useful tip is that it highlights over and over the importance of the \\"barbell strategy\\" laid out in Chapter 13: don't be moderately conservative or moderately aggressive; rather, be hyperconservative but leave some exposure to positive Black Swans. In any case, if you want very explicit answers to the burning questions of the moment, you will find some here: further stimulus runs the risk of setting in motion inflationary forces that are scarily non-linear; don't let anything become too big to fail; love redundancy, etc. Hey, there's even a hint at a pre-historic diet and exercise plan. Somebody get this man a Dear Abby column. Better yet: when is the \\"Black Swan Cookbook\\" coming out? I'm only half joking. I would totally buy it.k the Kool-Aid, I found the section enjoyable (not surprisingly), but probably the most useful tip is that it highlights over and over the importance of the \\"barbell strategy\\" laid out in Chapter 13: don't be moderately conservative or moderately aggressive; rather, be hyperconservative but leave some exposure to positive Black Swans. In any case, if you want very explicit answers to the burning questions of the moment, you will find some here: further stimulus runs the risk of setting in motion inflationary forces that are scarily non-linear; don't let anything become too big to fail; love redundancy, etc. Hey, there's even a hint at a pre-historic diet and exercise plan. Somebody get this man a Dear Abby column. Better yet: when is the \\"Black Swan Cookbook\\" coming out? I'm only half joking. I would totally buy it.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Avatar was a really good film and i'm glad i was able to buy it off 'Amazon'. 'Amazon' has really helped me to buy things safely and efficiently. I am really pleased with the service. The DVD is in great condition and I am loving it. Thanks :)
0439023513|2.0|I have been waiting over a year to read Mockingjay only to be sad that it ended so poorly. Mockingjay started perfectly! With everything going the way I thought or going beyond my expectations. While the book did bore me in spots I kept with it eager to know what would happen next. Like the other Hunger Games books it was split up into three parts and to me everything went down hill with part 3 \\"The Assassin\\" started. Not wanting to spoil it for future readers  I will try and stay vague but characters in this section didnt act like I agreed they would. For BIG fans the disappointments where not with who she chooses (Peeta or Gale) but with other decisions made. I dont want to say not read it because everyone is feeling differently but I hope no one gets there hopes to high.
0756405890|2.0|This has got to be one of my worst purchase ever based on reading only user reviews of a product. I usually have a good track record but purchasing and reading The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss was pure nightmare. I have no idea whatsoever how this book got such raving user reviews here on Amazon. No idea whatsoever. The story is boring and the characters are just plain flat and well, boring as well. I can't even believe this book is considered fantasy. This is just a big book of nothing. I didn't get any sense of a fantasy setting here at all. There may be a little of magic occasionally thrown in but believe me, it ain't mind blowing.<br /><br />I understand this book is only the first in the trilogy set. The author spends pretty much the entire time of the book going over the introduction of a skilled mage named Kvothe. The problem is, there really isn't anything interesting worth reading! You expect the reputation Kvothe has earned over the years would make some very interesting reading of how things got started and how he eventually would developed to the man he is now. Instead, throughout this entire book, you follow him during his teen years of his life at the \\"University\\". And let me tell you right now, that life is BORING.<br /><br />Once again, I have no clue as to why so many readers here on Amazon gave this book such high review marks. I'm not too demanding of a person but boy, this book is just horrible. I really don't know if I should waste my time following the trilogy or not. At one point, I already wasted my time reading the first book so I might as well just go through with it. But my other part is thinking what if his next book will be as boring as this one? I guess I'll cross that bridge when the time comes. My advice for readers wanting to read a fantasy book to stay miles away from this one.
0061537969|5.0|I  borrowed this book and read it quickly.  It is a wonderful book, especially if you are an animal lover.  I read it a couple weeks ago and I keep thinking about it.  There are some sad parts (of course - it is a dog book) but they do add to the story.
B001E45XT4|3.0|These headphones are dirt-cheap. The bass however does not hit as hard as my broken $70 pair but that, along with them being a little hot at times are my only complaints. Clear sound, no drivers or software to deal with, great quality of sound, sturdy construction (for ragequits ha) and a nice felt padding that, while sometimes slightly warm is very comfortable. They even sort of adjust themselves, you just put em on and they loosen if they need to but they won't slide off or anything either. Great pair, especially for the money.
B0013D8LOK|5.0|Not for the squeemish, Its a bloodbath. But the performances, music songs and directing , set design are mesmerizing.
0439023513|3.0|I'm with all the other readers here. It was a HUGE disappointment.  I was really hoping for some resolution to Katniss' feelings between Gale and Peeta especially after Peeta was taken by the Capital. This didn't happen at all. Instead Suzanne Collins decided to show us what a little PTSD really does to people, which was horrible. There was NO resolution to any of the previous story lines, especially the romantic ones. If she had had Peeta and Katniss have any interaction that seemed remotely touching this book would have been worlds better, instead she shows us what love can twist into in the middle of war. There were also many pointless deaths. It's like she decided to take out every secondary character that you may have had any attachment to and kill them all so she could keep her dead main characters, even though they didn't do ANYTHING.  I felt really depressed after this book, there were no happy endings, no resolution, and no attachment.  What a disappointment.
B0018TLRTK|5.0|Item shipped super fast, got it in like 4 days from payment. CD was brand new as promised.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I'm no expert, but this little gadget just plain works! I can't testify to durability as I have had it only a week, but I sharpened 7 straight edges and 6 serrated steak knives and I'm pleased with the simplicity and speed of use! I also attached a little key chain to it.
B000EGF0NW|5.0|Product was delivered quickly. It looks like a few of the pages were cut wrong and are a little bit longer but it's definitely legible. I'm happy with my book and would probably order from this seller again.
B00000JJSK|5.0|I jumped on this when i saw it in a music shop in Palafrugell, Catalonia, Spain. I knew it was out of print and i'd heard it was good - well its great. If you can find it, if you like Kyuss and desert/stoner rock you can't go wrong with this - its thunderous! ...... only cost me eight euros too, so a bargain when compared to prices quoted here.
B003YLK2RI|1.0|Totally agree with R. Hernandez, this should be on Bluray or at the very least on Bluray aswell as dvd - atleast give us the option. I wont be buying this.  Shame cuz if it had been on bluray it would have been a preorder for me
B001P9KR8U|3.0|Hmmm. A while back, I finally got my hands on Slum Dog Millionare, and watched it. This was actually a long time ago, but I was too lazy to comment about it:     So, my response was, besides the epic soundtrack (it really did deserve an award for the score, the movie wasn't all it was cracked up to be. It was a feel good story written by Americans about India, with perhaps a focus on Mumbai. That being said, there was some truth to the movie: The poverty, the gangs, the violence, the crime and all that exist. My friend's mom didn't want to watch it because she has seen these things up front and it's too real for her. Since I haven't directly seen any of this (not to say I'm unaware of these things and I realize that they go on in Dhaka about as much as they do in Mumbai and other Indian cities, I just don't see them because I keep to myself and don't travel about in the slums or at night or interact with more \\"shady\\" people), I was able to watch the show without it affecting me too much.    But, like I said, Slumdog was a feel good movie. Jamal gets on the TV show, he wins the money, he gets the girl, he lives happily ever after. Even his brother, who ends up dying (killing himself, you could say, though he doesn't actually pull the trigger) has a somewhat happy ending. He had dug himself into a hole and got out of it the only way he knew how: killing his boss and letting his former companions get their revenge. The dying in a bathtub of money was good imagery, since I like to imagine it was the amount of money that Jamal won, something about how money doesn't buy happiness or the like.       And yet, despite the fact that this show has such a clichd ending,it somehow captured the heart of Oscar guys as well as lots of Americans. People going on about how Slumdog is amazing and we all should watch it. I watched it. It wasn't amazing. If anything, I thought the Dark Knight was a better done movie. The Joker was EPIC. It was just amazing. Heck, I enjoyed Iron Man more than Slumdog. Yes, Slumdog was a better show, but it wasn't as fun. I'll probably never want to watch Slumdog again, but I'd watch Iron Man again.    People say that Slumdog was amazing, but I've seen better movies. Gladiator? Master and Commander? 3/10 to Yuma? Russell Crowe has made some amazing movies. I don't even have to mention LotR or Star Wars (original trilogy only please) everyone knows how amazing those movies were. If Slumdog is the best thing to come out of Hollywood (and given the amount of awards and praise it received, much more than any other movie released this year or last), then I weep at the lack of talent Hollywood now has. Where have movie-makers like Peter Jackson and actors like Will Smith gone? When will our next Pirates of the Carribean (not as epic as LotR, but very well done nonetheless) or Spiderman come? Will they ever come? Recently the Oscars have been doing badly in terms of making money, this is because since the last LotR there haven't been any movies that have captured the heart of America, or the world for that matter. The best thing we can show the world is the Dark Knight, a tale of how far humanity has fallen, or Slumdog, a feel good movie that says \\"miracles happen,\\" just in a rather dramatic and well-done way.     Despite all my criticisms, I did honestly enjoy Slumdog, but looking back on other movies I've seen, I don't think I'd choose to watch Slumdog again over lots of other movies. I've seen better.     Random fact of the day: Iron Maiden truly are the Gods of Metal. :)
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I assume anyone contemplating buying Season 6 has already seen the show but I'll say spoiler alert anyway.<br /><br />As almost every fan knows, Season 6 was an utter betrayal of LOST's millions of fans, throwing everything out from the first five seasons, all of the mysteries, all of the twists and turns, in favor of a nondemoninational yet quasi-Christian passage to the afterlife and the strange assertion that it was \\"always about the characters\\".  The statue! The Temple [To what, we now wonder?]!  The Others!  The relativistic passage through time of the island (per Faraday)!  All for naught.  \\"They're just names on a wall, Kate.\\"  Or numbers.  Which were meaningless(?!)  We were better off with the Valenzetti Equation.  The writers so completely didn't care about the viewer that they were still introducing characters in Season 6 rather than resolving or explaining the mysteries of the Island.  The only leverage we have is to boycott buying Season 6.  Save your money.  Offer to give it to another writer who cares about the show and unravels (and explains) the science underpinning the Island.  I agree with another earlier reviewer who wittily opined the show made time travel possible as it retroactively sucked the joy out of the first five seasons.  Those who were happy the characters were \\"re-united\\" in Purgatory weren't thinking; they allowed their emotions to rule.  The writers' betrayal outweighs the beautiful cinematography, the musical score, the acting; the one-star is also intended as a counterweight to the mindless five-star grades.
0545265355|1.0|I find this whole topic and its inferences to be an inappropriate topic for young readers because it preaches Apocalypse thinking and negative outcomes, i.e., society is terrible and will fail, and individuality and tolerance and working together  can never succeed, so mistrust and violence is the only basis of survival.  It also propagandizes way too much and offers little that is redeeming or positive for young people to model their lives on as they join society as adults. The whole concept frankly is a bit creepy.    Adults generally have more life experience under their belts and can recognize the creepiness and the propaganda in such books and see the writing as simply fantasy.  Young people for the most part cannot and will be influenced to develop negative thinking, especially about democracy and the United States and its exceptionalism and support of liberty, individual thinking, and liberal education that can indeed work constructively to solve real problems. The answer is not just to give up and resort to violence and distrust of society and government and eventually murder and terrorism to solve problems.  These are not good models for our young people. There are no positive lessons for the future in this trilogy, just darkness and despair and pandering to violence to avoid finding real solutions.
B000X107GI|5.0|OK, I am a moron. Yes Yes Yes Yes yes. (Ok, for those of you who know me and are saying I am not a moron because I look after myself so well and am so pretty, and say no no no no no, I say, just let me finish).<br /><br />I got grumpy because my batteries had not arrived, so I sent a very grumpy email to the vendor.<br /><br />Now, I sent that grumpy email on a Saturday, and he called me Sunday morning. Five stars for response! A phone call? Make my day, baby!<br /><br />He told me they had been sent by mail, in a white envelope, and I should already have them.<br /><br />So I checked. I found them.<br /><br />But this is not the good news. I have a kitchen scale which uses the batteries (two at a time) and Walgreens had sold me two Eveready batteries, and the scale just didn't work.<br /><br />These batteries arrived in a real Maxell bubble-pack, with the holograms and everything, and they worked perfectly! They are still working perfectly.<br /><br />Since then, I have ordered several other items from the same vendor, and I have learned to recognize the white envelopes. :)<br /><br />My Iron Man heart monitor watch is working fabulously. My scale is working fabulously. I don't think there is anything these people can't give me batteries for that won't work fabulously.<br /><br />So five stars for tolerating morons, and five stars for delivery of the real goods.<br /><br />Can life get any better?
B002Q4TKAY|5.0|Mind blowing performance by the Killers captured in DVD in amazing quality. Just go ahead and buy it. You will not regret it.
B001NLL0RW|5.0|It's been a few years since I've picked up a Rollins novel, and I must say I thoroughly enjoyed this one. The main characters came back to mind from previous reads in a flash. And while I had no idea what was going to happen next, it's just that bit of excitability that kept me reading and wanting more. Rollins knows how to interweave history with the present and make a great novel. If you're a fan of Dan Brown type novels then don't miss this. No, I'm not going to review the plot or story of the book. Others have done that already. But I will say I like how Rollins takes us around the globe... read the book to learn more.
0393072231|5.0|The product showed up as noted and on time. Can't ask for much more than that
0805091742|5.0|Delivery was promt and the condition of the book was as promised, used but looks like brand new!
B003405MF6|5.0|This is Beck at his finest. I had just had the rare chance to see him in Indianapolis and then bought the music for myself. My favorite: Hammerhead. Beautiful and so Beck(I'm a child of the 60s and early 70s and I always come away missing Hendrix). As a vocalist, I am so thrilled to hear his respect and 'Discovery\\" of the power of voice-especially that of a woman. Joss Stone's 'I put a spell on you' is delightful but listen closely to the operatic arias in several other choice pieces. Beck has actually gotten even better with time. He has really moved out of his familiar zone by including these powerful women. I can imagine him actually having fun. If you should ever get the chance to see him   live-go! 'Somewhere over the Rainbow' took my breath away. Buy this music! You won't regret it!
B0013N7AD8|5.0|All true Batman fans must have this in their collection.  In my personal opinion the newer Batman movies (Batman Begins and the Dark Knight) are way better than these four movies put together.  However, this series shows a more goofy and almost cartoonish side of the Batman story. The picture has greatly improved by the blu ray gods.
0525421580|5.0|I can safely say this is one of the best books I've read this summer.  I adore both John Green and David Levithan, and together, they are a dynamic duo!  Both authors are extremely skilled at creating characters that come alive on the page.  I really felt like I knew both the Will Graysons and even Tiny.  While reading I laughed out loud and even became a little teary.  I even read my favorite parts out loud to my husband!<br /><br />Of course, I love the characters.  But surprisingly, I think I enjoyed the minor characters even more than the main characters.  Both Will Graysons are great, but, for example, who can deny how wonderful and fantastic Tiny Cooper is?!  He's very large person with a very large personality.  In fact, I wish there really was a Tiny Cooper because I'd want to be his friend.  I know deep down he's insecure about his appearance and being gay, but he doesn't let that show.  He oozes confidence whether it's real or not.  He's also a loyal friend to both Will Graysons no matter what happens between them.  Plus, Tiny Cooper created his very own high school musical!  He really steals the spotlight, pun intended.<br /><br />The story is told from both Will Graysons, switching perspectives each chapter. As I mentioned, Tiny Cooper is gay and so is one of the Will Graysons. The really nice thing about Will Grayson, Will Grayson is the overwhelming success it's had.  It's about time that a young adult novel featuring a gay character has been an overwhelming best-seller.  Even better, is that both Will Graysons, despite their sexual orientation, are dealing with similar issues (and of course they are!).  They both feel isolated, misunderstood, are afraid to love, etc.  This is a novel that all teenagers should read, and because of how amazing it is, many teenagers will.<br /><br />I can't wait to rave about this once school starts.  Really, the title should be Will Grayson, Will Grayson (Amazing, Amazing)
0439023513|1.0|I was team Katniss. But I am in no way team Mockingjay.  What in the hell happened to the Katniss that we all fell in love with?  \\"Mockingjay\\", I won't call her Katniss, is a hollow shell of the true Katniss Everdeen.  I am in no way drawn to her or her character.  She spends the majority of the book in what I can only perceive as some sort of coma.  The only thing that she does right, in my opinion, is shooting Coin after Coin's suggestion of another Hunger Games using kids from the Capitol.      Everything was all wrong...starting with Gale.  For, \\"Mockinjay\\" to try and convince me that Gale is a monster after he fed her family, after he saved their lives, after she hunted with him 365 days a year for over 4 years, is too far fetched.  Honestly.  Am, I now supposed to believe after she said, \\"...Gale is mine.  I am his.  Anything else is unthinkable,\\" that Gale is now some sort of war loving, revenge seeking monster? And lets say that he is a monster for arguments sake.  Am I, then, supposed to believe that he is any worse than her? She shot an innocent person straight through the heart. But, I guess it's ok for her to make decisions about killing, but no one else. Isn't that the essential problem she had with Snow and Coin? In my opinion, the \\"Mockingjay\\" in this book, is no better than Coin.     Now lets move to loveable Finnick.  At the end of Catching Fire, Finnick was mentally there, strong, and vital.  In this book, he is portrayed as a mentally disturbed basket case who can't even dress himself.  Then, he is all of a sudden changed in an instant by Annie's rescue and moved up to soldier status?  When, after her rescue, he wouldn't even let go of her hand, he now goes into battle?  Seriously?  And, Annie's response to this is none?      Prim....sweet Prim.  Am I supposed to believe that someone thought it wise to send Prim to the heart of the biggest war battle to help the wounded?  I didn't feel one ounce of emotion over her death because it was that stupid.  And, for \\"mockingjay\\" to blame Gale for this is utterly ridiculous.  She was just as involved as anyone in this war.      Peeta:  Peeta is also a hollow shell of his previous self.  I can't even like him at all anymore.  Collins' lame attempts at making me feel some connection between he and \\"mockingjay\\" are completely lost on me.      Gale:  He totally got a raw deal.  I can't even believe what the author might be thinking.  Did she feel she had to totally demonize him in order for Katniss to end up with Peeta?  I would have rather him end up dead than how she portrayed him.  And, are we to believe that Gale, the Hunter extraordinare, is going to be happy doing some \\"fancy job\\" \\"kissing lots of girls\\" in some other district?  It almost makes me think that Collins is somewhat delusional or was going through a personal mental breakdown while writing this book.    The ending of this book hurts my brain.  It is insane and inconsistent and the worst ending to a book series I have ever read.  And, that is saying something coming from someone who loved the first two books as much as I did. And, from someone who is personally responsible for at least 50 others reading this series.  I wish I had never read this ending.  Now that I have, I wish I could forget it.
B003L20IJM|4.0|There's something about the Nanny McPhee character that appeals to me even more than Mary Poppins. I grant you that Nanny McPhee is no looker, what with her hairy warts, her snaggletooth, and her bulbous nose all glaring at you as if she were an endurance test for her clients. All the same, she knows what she's doing. Perhaps it has something to do with her magic, which doesn't serve as a vehicle for light, whimsical musical numbers; it's harsher and more direct, the kind that could conceivably subdue unruly children were it real. Under her rules, it seems plausible that a child can actually learn his or her lesson, and indeed, all the children in this film are challenged in ways that many family films wouldn't care to consider. But it's not all strict policies and firm magical consequences - with each lesson the children learn, she gets progressively less ugly, and by the end, she looks like the Emma Thompson we know and love.    \\"Nanny McPhee Returns,\\" the sequel to the oddly charming 2005 film adapted from Christianna Brand's \\"Nurse Matilda\\" books, is not an equal to its predecessor; it surpasses it on just about every level, from setting to characterization to dialogue to theme, making for a film that's fun, thoughtful, and every so slightly creepy. It's not creepy in traditional, obvious ways, like you would expect from a brooding horror movie. It is, however, heightened to a state of strange otherworldliness, a place where audiences - children included - can actually see the humor in a pair of hitwomen threatening to remove a man's kidney's before deciding he should be stuffed like a dead bird. It's also a place where we feel genuine tension from the sight of children disarming a bomb that's only seconds away from detonating. In a normal universe, all this would be astoundingly inappropriate. Here, it's just right.    The plot, which shifts the setting from the nineteenth century to the days of World War II, has Nanny McPhee (Thompson) entering the lives of the Green family, who manage a farm in the British countryside. The mother, Isabel (Maggie Gyllenhaal), is at her wits end. Her three children - Norman (Asa Butterfield), Megsie (Lil Woods), and Vincent (Oscar Steer) - are constantly fighting. Her husband is off fighting in the war. Her financial situation is steadily declining. She's continuously harassed by her good-for-nothing brother-in-law, Phil (Rhys Ifans), who has secretly gambled away the farm and is desperately trying to get her to sign away her half of the ownership. She tries to make ends meet by managing a village shop, but her associate, Mrs. Docherty (Maggie Smith), is just this side of loony, making it next to impossible to keep the shop in order. Worst of all, her children's rich, spoiled, snotty cousins - Cyril (Eros Vlahos) and Celia (Rosie Taylor-Ritson) - have been sent to stay on the farm.    Nanny McPhee, with her trusty cane, can make magic happen with a bang on the floor, although not in conventional, innocent ways. To make the children stop fighting, for example, she forces them to hit, pull, and kick themselves individually, and she makes it clear that she will put an end to it only on the condition that they apologize to one another. They better hurry; more of the room is being destroyed, and letters from the Greens' father are liable to get thrown into the fire. Later on, when all five children have to work together to find a litter of prize piglets, Nanny McPhee intentionally makes it harder for them by having the pigs do what they normally cannot do, such as climb trees, jump long distances, and have them partake in a surprisingly entertaining display of synchronized swimming.    With the notable exception of Uncle Phil, that rotten excuse of a man, every character develops in harmony with the story, which is to say we learn more about them as the film progresses. As a result, no one is a one-dimensional caricature. Cyril and Celia, for example, may have lived a privileged life, but thatdoesn't mean they're immune to emotional turmoil, mostly the result of parents who are more interested in themselves. If they act like brats, it's only because they know no other way to receive attention. Likewise, the Green children would like nothing more than for their father to come home; they're angry that he had to leave them and their mother alone, and since they're fairly isolated from the rest of the world, they have no one to take it out on except each other. Not a single child in this movie is bad. They merely have no healthy outlet for their pent up feelings.    Hanging over the whole situation is the threat of enemy bombing, unlikely though it may be. Thompson, who also wrote the screenplay, somehow manages to take this unfortunate reality and lighten it up, not to the point of ridiculousness, but just enough for it to be engaging to a younger audience. I don't know how she managed that delicate balance between childish whimsy, maturity, and morbidity, but somehow or another, she did it. I was also impressed by her portrayal of Nanny McPhee, a no-nonsense but caring witch whose magic can make the best of any situation, no matter how desperate it may seem. \\"Nanny McPhee Returns\\" is a pure delight from beginning to end - charming, funny, touching, and intelligent, one of the best family films I've seen all year.
B0018M6J90|2.0|Miss Pettigrew is a women who finds her self unemployed and hungry on the streets, comes one day across the chance of becoming the new social secretary of Ms. Lafosse. Ms. Lafosse is in a relationship with three men and is confused which one of them should she dedicate her life to. With the help of Miss Pettigrew, she was able to make the right choice.    I thought the plot of the movie was quite weak!    The story is probably just too simple.
B0036EH3WK|4.0|OK, I gotta say, this is tremendous. I won't re-iterate the glowing things others have said, but I'll lodge 2 complaints:  1. Did ABC really have to put \\"ABC Studios\\" on the blacklight? What could have been a really cool memento (or artifact, really) has to be emblazoned with ABC Studios... because we all know there was a Disneyland Island, right?  2. Who watched the final product? Was it truly necessary to put a PREVIEW for Season 1 and 2 on DVD on the Blu-ray? I can't even fathom the logic here. Let's say I buy a car. A Ford. And when I get in the car there's a pre-recorded message telling me to go to my Ford dealer and check out the vast selection of Ford cars. That's ridiculous, right? Apparently not if you're ABC. Get it together, guys. That's just moronic.
0307346617|5.0|Great book, a lot of fun.  It is in a new and interesting format that takes a couple of chapters to get used to, but by the end you just want more.
0380799006|4.0|If parenting books were to be solely judged on their practicality, Siblings Without Rivalry would rate well.  The book delves into the issues of children that do not get along; from simple arguments to escalated physical conflicts.<br /><br />The presentation of the material revolves around stories straight out of a parenting classroom.  With the vast number of issues and viewpoints coming from a multitude of parents, this style offers a wide range of advice to encompass many areas.  The book also contains a number of illustrations showing children responding to good and bad methods.  I'd venture to say if you only merely read the illustrations, these messages conveyed alone will give you ample insight to strengthen your parenting skills.<br /><br />The book is a reactive book, based on the notion that problems already exist.  If you are seeking a book on merely promoting a positive atmosphere, this will not be what you are looking for.  However, if you have children who do not get along as well as you would like, or perhaps you would at least like to see learn what parental mistakes might promote more difficulty, this book will prove to be well worth your time.
B000009QOC|5.0|This is the most classic rock sounding Danzig album and a MUST HAVE for every rock music fan.  Not much to say: great production and mix overall, great musicianship and above all amazing vocals.    Every song on it is great with my personal favorites being Tired of Being Alive, Killer Wolf and Pain in The World.    If you only gonna get one Danzig album this the one to get although Danzig 1, Danzig 3 and Danzig 4 are highly recommended as well.
B002ZG977Y|2.0|None of the paid critics liked this movie very much, but the trailers were cool and I like Sam Worthington so I figured it wouldn't hurt to view it. It didn't, but it wasn't a pleasant experience either.    On the plus side the action scenes with the big monsters were put together very well. The rest was pretty cruddy. First was the casting. Liam Neeson and Ralph Fiennes have worn out their welcomes with me. If I never see them in another movie it will be too soon. Liam phoned it in and Ralph was so awful he must have been really upset that he was even in the movie. The rest of the cast was OK but nothing stellar which might be due to the fact that few of them had all that much to do. In all fairness, when the band of adventurers was formed for the quest (the two brothers were a hoot) there was a sense of male bonding happening, and most of the actors did a decent job, but even this has been done much better before. Sam Worthington did a fine job and somehow his lines were better than everyone else'. As bad as this script and the dialogue was his lines were generally good. It were as though the producers had a personal writer for him.     The directing was mostly horrendous. The camera always seemed to be in the wrong place. These types of movies have gotten so much better over the years. You'd think the director, Louis Leterrier, would have watched a few of them to get some kind of clue on how to do this. That's another curiosity. How could he direct some of the action scenes so well and most of the others so poorly. Go figure.    The costuming was pretty horrid as well. Much of the hair styling stunk and the music was OK but forgettable.     The story was there. It's just a shame it was so mishandled. I like these kinds of movies and went into this wanting to savor all the good parts. Problem was....there were too few of them to savor.
0439023513|4.0|I loved the first two books. I did a reread of both of them right before this one came out so I was very familiar with them and was still basking in the glow of the honeymoon period of my reread. Perhaps that's why I was a little disappointed with \\"Mockingjay\\". Anyone who has read the first two books knows how strong Collins's writing is. She does an amazing job of bringing characters to life, of making you care about them, and then ripping you apart because they never do what you expect them to do. Making Katniss a limited first-person narrator helps. You see the world through her eyes and if she isn't there, she doesn't see it happen and neither do you, as the reader. But, in this book, it turned out to be a bit of a shotrcoming. Besides Katniss and Peeta, I didn't really care what happened to the other characters.  Collins got rid of several loose ends by simply wiping out most of District 12. For example, Madge is gone since it seems like Collins didn't really have a good place to put her.  The story itself is interesting and fast paced and I like the question raised throughout the book; Is it OK to do the wrong thing for the right reasons? After all, Katniss is being used by the rebels in the same way she was being used by President Snow, but since the rebels are fighting for the greater good, does that make their manipulation acceptable?  Gale is an interesting character, but I can't say that I really like him in this book. He seems a bit out of character, really seeming to abandon Katniss at the end even though she's lost most of the people she ever loved.   Peeta's journey from good to evil by route of extreme torture techniques was interesting, but it reminded me too much of other books, where the love interests of main characters are manipulated/changed and come back as either evil or programmed to kill, so to speak.  My main issue was with the end of this book. The last 50 pages or so was just a rushed, jumbled mess. Apparently Katniss was on trial, but the reader never gets to see it because Katniss wasn't there. She drowns herself in drugs, can't decide if she wants to live or die, descends into depression, and in the end, I realized that I didn't really care. As soon as Katniss fulfilled her usefulness to the rebels it was almost like she fulfilled her usefulness to Collins and instead of being \\"the girl on fire\\" she became \\"the girl who sits around and does nothing\\". This book would have benifited from being about 100 pages longer to give Collins time to allow Katniss some introspection, to allow her to mourn the way she should, instead of being drugged and numb most of the time. But no, the girl on fire is snuffed out and at the end of the book, I shrugged my shoulders, put it down, and went about my day. Realizing that, while the other two books really touched me in an emotional way, \\"Mockingjay\\" let me luke-warm and apathetic. Good writing, OK characters, poor execution, and a rushed ending make this book the weakest of the three, but the series, taken as a whole, is still one of the best young adult series on the market.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I think it beyond opinion and in the realm of scientific, evidence-supported fact that LOST season six was a failure of epic proportions. The first excellent five seasons continually promised a great \\"reveal\\" wherein the mysteries of the island would eventually be revealed and the various strange going's on and machinations of the characters explained. The writers instead gave us this major cop out wherein what was originally set up as a parallel universe premise became some purgatory nonsense. The struggle between Jacob and the Man In Black was nowhere near as interesting as the plot developments of the previous seasons and any dramatic tension is essentially negated by the non-sensical flip-flopping of confused narrative which makes up this season. By the series finale all the promise, mystery and uniqueness of the show is dashed into a syrupy sentimental purgatorial awakening that has as much to do with the rest of the show as the trials of Job have to do with Scooby Doo. Add to that it makes no narrative or dramatic sense! A royal cop-out, an epic fail. AVOID.
0823015017|3.0|This book DOES have good info on mixing colors, hues and tints,values, etc.  So if you're very anal about precise colors you'll love it.  My problem with the book is that all the beautiful things on the cover are just pictures of other people's work!  I was fooled into thinking that these items would be projects that you can make.  They are NOT!  So don't be fooled.  The projects in the book that they do show are DUMB!!  I feel like sending this book back!  My first book was titled' Clay techniques with a pasta machine '  had more and better techniques in it....even mokume-gane.  Hope this review was helpful.
B001GKJ2FC|2.0|Not sure why I am reviewing this as movies are so subjective and no one is right or wrong but boy, was this movie over the top. Way too far fetched for me. Way to un-realistic for my tastes...My fiance' and I both agreed at the same time...lets turn it off.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|katniss everdeen started out as a sullen teen with some awesome bow and arrow skills focused only on getting out of the arena alive in the hunger games. then she evolved into the half of the star crossed lovers of district twelve  determined on making sure peeta survived in catching fire. in  mockingjay, the final installment in the trilogy, she becomes the mocking jay. the face of the rebellion against the capitol. ms. collins writes beautifully,  and powerfully perfectly capturing katniss`  sullen and self depricating attitude. this is a book that transports you to another world... a world no one should ever have to live in.
B001E45XT4|4.0|I only use these to play World of Warcraft. These headphones are comfortable; they have soft padding; and everyone I raid with can understand me clearly. They could have better bass response, but that's not really a big complaint seeing as they were $25 when I picked 'em up.
0439023513|2.0|I loved the first two book.  I loved them so much that I reread them days before Mockingjay was released.  Mockingjay let me down on so many levels.    Firstly, the amazingly complex relationship between Peeta and Katniss is cast aside for a lot of inner angst and outer explosions.    Secondly, there was almost no character development in the entire book.  I struggled through most of Katniss's inner monologues, feeling that she was like a repeating record.  I don't even have the heart to summarize all that I disliked about her this book.  Gale is like this person made of stone who drifts about in the background.  In fact, I think Haymitch has the most interaction with Katniss throughout the entire book.    Thirdly, the pace of the book was so slow that I actually stopped numerous times to do other things--like watch a movie or go to the park.  I almost didn't care to finish, but I did, hoping for some sort of salvation on the book's part.    Lastly, this goes along a bit with my second point, the resolving of the triangle of Katniss, Peeta, and Gale is so badly done...  We are given a page--no, half of a page--to accept the romantic turn of events.  Half of a page??  Really?  *sigh*  I felt dirty and cheap after reading that specific part.    Mockingjay has few redeeming qualities to counter its absolute devolution of the series.  Hardcore fans will read simply to discover the ending, but those who are neutral or just want a good read should avoid the last book.
0385339585|5.0|I am a Russian Woman. 5 years ago I came to USA with no English. I started to read your books and now I can read in English the same way as in Russian. I read all your books and I can tell - You are the best! Thank you so much for your talent. Here is more - I wrote the book in English \\"Hi Mom, I am here in your belly\\". My book is  available  on Amazon.com<br />Sincerely, Lyudmyla Hensley
0439023513|3.0|I finished this book in the wee hours of the morning after reading for 10 hours, the ending definitely left me with a lot of emptiness and mixed emotions.  Today, I went back and reread parts of the book just to try to clarify some things in my mind. There are SPOILERS in here.  I apologize for the length of this, but my mind is just reeling from this book.        What I didn't like is that I didn't see the old Peeta.  I wanted Peeta to be rescued early in the story and be that rock for Katniss like he's always been.  It just broke my heart to see how his memories were hijacked and he was brainwashed to hate/kill Katniss.  When Katniss goes to meet him after he's been rescued I was expecting hugs and kisses, and instead Peeta tries to choke her to death.  I immediatly wanted Katniss to start helping him get those memories back and help him heal, but instead she ignores him and goes to district 2 and even when Peeta calls her ugly, mocks their relationship, and asks her about her relationship with Gale, she turns her back on him.  She doesn't try to even help him recover until Haymitch reminds her that they both made a promise to save Peeta and she's not living up to her end.  Then, she finally decides to help him.  I still didn't get a full sense of how much of his memories he recovered.  I wanted to see more interaction between him and Katniss like there was in book 1 and book 2.  I know SC wanted the message to be about the war, and how messy they are, but at the same time, I felt some attention should have been spent on showing Peeta and Katniss growing back together and rediscovering one another since it was developed in the first two books.      I did get a sense early in the book that Katniss really did love Peeta, especially after her breakdown, and I wanted her to acknowledge that and not rely on what others were telling her.  Finnick, Prim, and Gale kept telling her that she loved Peeta but she never acknowledged it until that very quick ending. Peeta worehis heart on his sleeve in the first two books, and told her he loved her and she can't give him one \\"I love you.\\"  Even when he was questioning her, and told her that he remembered about the bread and he said \\"I must have really loved you,\\" and he asked her, \\"did you love me,\\" her response was \\"other people keep telling me that I do.\\"  Right then, I felt that she blew it.  Maybe if she told him that she loved him earlier that would have helped him with the healing process.    I hated that Finnick and Prim had to die.  Just when Finnick found a litle bit of happiness it was taken away.  The purpose of Katniss going into THG in the first place was to protect Prim and then to see her die in the end after all that Katniss went through to save her was very disappointing, but I guess it was important for SC's overall message, and it allowed Katniss to see that Coin was no better than Snow.    I hated how they made this trek all the way to the capital for Katniss to kill Snow, and had many deaths.  Instead of Katniss forging ahead with her plan after she sees Prim killed because the rebels were alreay there and could have helped she gets hurt and is back in the hospital.  Katniss spent way to much time in the hospital recovering from some injury and having a mental breakdown, instead of being more active.  I really wanted her to kick butt in this book, and I felt she was more on the sidelines and not in the game.      My feelings about Gale.  After reading CF, I thought that Gale may end up with Madge because I wanted Peeta with Katnss but now after reading Mockingjay, I felt that Gale got the best deal out of anybody because he was always in control and knew what he wanted. Gale is definitely an amazing fighter and he has this war mentality about him.  I was so glad to see more of him and get an insight into who he was.  When I was reading more about his character I realized that I saw this fighting tendency in him in CF.  When he discovered that the rebellion was starting he refused to run away with Katniss and wanted to stay and fight.  Also, Gale had this strong hatred in him towards the capital that we saw in the first two books and he showed incredible leadership by leading as many people as he could to safety when the capital destroyed district 12.  Now thinking about it, there were no indications in any of the books that Gale was going to end up with Madge.  If he couldn't have Katniss, then he's going to do something else that he loves which is fighting, strategizing, or something to help start a new regime.  Like Katniss said in the end, \\"Gale had too much fire.\\"  I hated how things ended with him and Katniss and this possibility that he was responsible for Prim's death.  Gale was too restless to ever be with Katniss, and we begin to see so many differences between them and start seeing them grow apart.  Especially when they were in District 2 and Gale wanted to bring down the nut killing all people inside and Katniss wanted them to leave a way for people to escape.  She tries to reason with him but can't.  Gale still wanted to be part of the fighting hence the fancy job in district 2, and Katniss had had enough.  Peeta was the calm to her fire and that was what she needed to survive.   I don't think that Gale was slacked in anyway.  It would have been nice to know what happened to him.    Now, the ending.  I felt that it was too rushed.  I wanted some interaction between her and Peeta.  A few pages with them talking and reconciling.  Even though Katniss and Peeta were together in the end, this was by no way a happy ever after book or story.  They were both battled scarred physically and emotionally.  This was a pick up the pieces and go on with life the best way you can ending.  I am glad that Katniss finally felt comfortable enough to have children because she was adamant about not having children, but Peeta wanted them and I guess in a way this proves that she really does love him because she had to overcome some huge emotional obstacles in order to have them. The ending was too rushed.    Again, I apologize for the length but my mind was reeling from this book, and I wanted to put my thougts out there.  I'm sure I will have more observations and opinions as I continue to grapple with this book. Overall, I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it liked I loved the first two books.
B002N5N5M0|2.0|worst season, especially the first half of the season. lithgow was no big deal, the directing bad, writing was dumb with stupid connections and lame scripts for the actors, a lot with dexter and his in mind thoughts. seasons 1 thru 3 are great. i dont get how people can be so wrong sometimes, best season yet? no way. The best thing they can do to come back from this so so season is to have dexter snap and go on a whole season killing spree, no code. then of course goes back to the code and being good. i can go on and on about how bad the first half of the season was and how so so the second half was, but it should be common sense.
0307594777|5.0|[[ASIN:0307594777 Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy Bundle: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl Who Played with Fire, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest]]<br /><br />THE BOOKS ARE FANTASTIC AND AND FILL IN DETAILS THAT CANNOT BE EXPLORED IN A FILM!!!<br /><br />Actually the reviewer challenging the price difference is correct. You can order all (3) books separately in hardback with the same \\"deckle edge\\" for $43.42 instead of $47.88.<br />The issue isn't the $5 it's the fact that Amazon is promoting \\"the set\\" as something special when it is actually a ripoff. Also take the $5 and times it the hundreds of thousands of people who couldn't be bothered to do the research and you will see why Amazon is such a huge corporation.
0375842209|5.0|I listened to the audio book and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I narrator did an excellent job of using the German words and accents to bring the characters alive.  Some people that have given this book a low rating seem to think that the topic of WWII is exhausted.  Younger readers have not the same experiences.  It is a very important part of our history that is now competing for space in history textbooks with subsequent wars.      By using Death as the narrator of the story, the author keeps a balance between the reality of the Holocaust and the reality that not all the German people were bad people.  This may be the most difficult part of any telling of what happened during WWII and the author accomplishes it in a way that is understandable for young adult readers.
B0034G4OU4|3.0|What did I think? Well, \\"Eat Pray Love\\" is way too long. At two hours and 20 minutes, a film has to be more than the sum of its parts to be memorable. \\"Eat Pray Love\\" is not. We're never really convinced why Roberts as Liz Gilbert needs to indulge in a year off to travel the globe, and to go to the three specific places she visits. We know she wants to go back to Bali to meet again with an elderly spiritual adviser she meets there at the start of the film. We know she decides to go to an ashram in India to follow the teachings of a spiritual leader her vacuous post-divorce lover (James Franco; wasting his considerable skills)followed. Unfortunately, Franco was totaling uninteresting and not believeable as a man that Liz could really care for. Her character doesn't even seem to be particularly taken with the vocation of his particular ashram. We know she decides to go to Italy because, well, if given the chance, wouldn't we all go?  Thus begins the \\"Eat\\" part of her journey.<br /><br />Along the way, the solo Roberts as Gilbert (from now on, I'll just say \\"Liz\\")meets many and makes friends in every venue. During the journey, the crystallized reason for my enjoyment makes itself known at several turns...all involve touching small moments of friendship shared between Liz and someone who has come to mean a lot to her. It goes without saying that I go to see tear-jerker movies (my latest was the schmaltzy and wonderful \\"Letters to Juliet\\"), but they play and prey on their audience. Far more enjoyable are the movies which are subtle enough to create a lump in your throat, have your eyes well up, but allow you to flow through the moment on to the next scene. There are several times in the film that this happened to me, and those moments (and the cinematography and the incredible soundtrack) make me happy that I plunked down my $9.50.<br /><br />One of them involves Liz, who celebrates Thanksgiving with her adopted friends in Italy. As the dinner nears, it is discovered that the friend in charge of the turkey had not even defrosted it. The group enjoys the rest of the dinner, enjoys immensely the time they spend together, and then all nap through the night while the turkey cooks... waking in time to have it for breakfast. The scene where the camera pans across all the guests in \\"group nap\\" are charming, the reveal of the reason they stayed, the turkey, is one of those small chuckles and moments where you really feel the characters, because you have known people in your life who would have done exactly that with you.<br /><br />In India (\\"Pray\\"), Liz participates as a spectator at an arranged marriage between a young girl and her groom. During the ceremony, she pans back to her own wedding day, a wedding to Stephen (Billy Crudup) that ended in disaster when she abruptly determined that she could no longer pretend that she was happy with him, while pretending that their life together was enough for her. It wasn't. The poignancy of Liz' memories is when she imagines that they dance to the song that SHOULD have played at their wedding reception (the song that did play gives us another totally charming flashback, perhaps Crudup's only likeable moment in the movie). Into the mix comes the first 8 bars of \\"Harvest Moon\\", the ethereal love song that instantly makes you realize that Neil Young is a genius. I'm instantly transported by Young's imagery, and the lump comes back into my throat. I try hard to match my own memories of Harvest Moon with the dancing scene between Crudup and Roberts, but my own memories are more tangible and more connected to the song than the scene on film. However, the moment stands out as a reason for me to watch the film on DVD, and also wakes me up to how extraordinary and funky the soundtrack is; with two songs by Young, two by Eddie Vedder and some delicious Brazilian jazz, it is unforgettable.<br /><br />Also in India, the movie's best character, Richard from Texas (Richard Jenkins) makes an appearance, and from the casual nickname he gives Liz (based on her habit of eating everything in sight), \\"Groceries\\" , to the poignant scene in which he discloses the family tragedy that brought him on his own quest to India, Jenkins adds a friendship for Liz that feels more real than any that come first or follow later. Every scene that Jenkins is in is absorbing; you are left somewhat flat when he leaves and Liz is still in India, and you find yourself asking...why? Jenkins, a revelation in his role in the popular cable series, Six Feet Under, and a revelation as Theron's father in the bleak \\"North Country\\", has been wasting away, waiting for Hollywood to rediscover him. Looks like that wait is over.<br /><br />On to Bali, where the movie gets its biggest appeal; Javier Bardem as Felipe joins the film and finally Liz's quest doesn't seem so silly anymore. There is real chemistry between Roberts and Bardem, and the romance is so delicious that the lumps are back in my throat again. Also hard to beat are Bardem's moments on the phone and in person with the young actor who plays his son. His joy and sadness are so real. Liz's crusade to help a destitute mother in Bali by gathering donations from America also threatens to unravel me. Bali is so beautiful, Liz becomes so much more believable there, that the infinite 1.5 hours it took to get to this point don't matter so much anymore.<br /><br />And as the film wraps, I realize that, despite the harsh criticism from others, I appreciated Roberts' craft, her ability to capture you with facial expression, some of the supporting players, the beauty of her stops in the world, and the quirky soundtrack, far more than I ever enjoyed the book. Screenwriters Jennifer Salt and Ryan Murphy (who directed; also from \\"Glee\\", \\"Nip Tuck\\" and \\"Running With Scissors\\") may have left the audience stranded and muddled for long stretches, but they did manage to eke out a film that, in a way, was worth a look.es Liz (based on her habit of eating everything in sight), \\"Groceries\\" , to the poignant scene in which he discloses the family tragedy that brought him on his own quest to India, Jenkins adds a friendship for Liz that feels more real than any that come first or follow later. Every scene that Jenkins is in is absorbing; you are left somewhat flat when he leaves and Liz is still in India, and you find yourself asking...why? Jenkins, a revelation in his role in the popular cable series, Six Feet Under, and a revelation as Theron's father in the bleak \\"North Country\\", has been wasting away, waiting for Hollywood to rediscover him. Looks like that wait is over.    On to Bali, where the movie gets its biggest appeal; Javier Bardem as Felipe joins the film and finally Liz's quest doesn't seem so silly anymore. There is real chemistry between Roberts and Bardem, and the romance is so delicious that the lumps are back in my throat again. Also hard to beat are Bardem's moments on the phone and in person with the young actor who plays his son. His joy and sadness are so real. Liz's crusade to help a destitute mother in Bali by gathering donations from America also threatens to unravel me. Bali is so beautiful, Liz becomes so much more believable there, that the infinite 1.5 hours it took to get to this point don't matter so much anymore.     And as the film wraps, I realize that, despite the harsh criticism from others, I appreciated Roberts' craft, her ability to capture you with facial expression, some of the supporting players, the beauty of her stops in the world, and the quirky soundtrack, far more than I ever enjoyed the book. Screenwriters Jennifer Salt and Ryan Murphy (who directed; also from \\"Glee\\", \\"Nip Tuck\\" and \\"Running With Scissors\\") may have left the audience stranded and muddled for long stretches, but they did manage to eke out a film that, in a way, was worth a look.
B00003CXC6|5.0|Akira Kurosawa's highly acclaimed film Rashomon isn't about who did it or why it was done. It is more about the who is telling the truth about a samurai's killing. Did the bandit really kill him? Or did he commit suicide? Is the woodcutter's story more true than ones dictated by the bandit, the samurai's wife, and the samurai himself? The viewer will never know the events that lead to the tragic death of the samurai.   The movie in itself is interesting to watch because, as the commoner said, a lie can sometimes be entertaining. As is today with the tabloids and reality television, it is more interesting to hear what is not true than what isn't true. And that is where humans become confused, lost, and sometimes angry. Akira Kurosawa is very indepth with human emotion. The rain symbolizes the emotion that can be drained from people when they have lost faith in others and themselves. The sun is a reflection of what is expected to come when people go on about their business.   But in the end, there is always a new beginning for hope and faith. Rashomon deserved acclaim.
B000002UJQ|1.0|This album has to be the best album of the past 20 years for insomniacs
0783231032|1.0|If I am not mistaken the same problem occurred with the directors cut of Blues Brothers. These dum dums release these so-called \\"Directors Cuts\\" without including the original version. This longer version of 1941 completely ruins the pacing of the original version destroys the film. The original had a madcap pacing all this extra footage just weighs it down. Total bummer this movie has finally been letterboxed but the film is ruined with extra useless footage that belonged in the deleted scenes extras section
0984074422|5.0|This was a very fascinating book.  Peter Menzel and Faith D'Aluisio make a good pair in putting their talents together and creating this masterpiece of food marvel.  The main point of the book is to track the weekly food intake of families from all over the world, but goes in to much more than that.<br /><br />The main focus of this book is on the families within it.  They range from three people to over a dozen and the amount of food they go through in a week.  The variety includes families from Kuwait, Greenland, USA, Italy, and many other countries.  Some countries, like the USA and Australia, have multiple families representing them.<br /><br />For each family there is a large picture of all of them surrounding the groceries they get in a week.  To go with this there is usually a caption explaining who's who and sometimes what their favorite meal is.  On the adjoining page the groceries are listed by type and weight and notated if they were grown by the family or not.  It also lists things not pictured in the photograph.  Usually on this page to a story about the family is presented and what their living situation is.  The following pages include food preparation, information about the country, a recipe or two, and other pictures of the family and area.  Some families have more space than others but there's usually at least four pages of information on each one.<br /><br />In between these parts on the families are articles and excerpts taken from other writers on social food issues.  This can range from overfishing to diabetes and other health concerns.  These usually have a couple pages of associated pictures to go along with them as well.  I.E. in the article about fish populations there were two pages with pictures of different kinds of seafood and the place the picture came from.<br /><br />In the back of the book is an afterword, methodology, further reading section, statistics, sources, contributors, and acknowledgements.<br /><br />Now into the gritty part of the book.  Some of these pictures and stories are extremely sad.  When you look at the refugees food supply in Chad its alarmingly low.  Even though they are not starved, there is not a lot of variety and what they do have is usually grain and water.  Compare this to the family in N. Carolina who has mounds of soda, beer, pizza, and other takeout and you reach a new kind of sad (luckily in the caption for this one the family saw the problems as well and vowed to change their eating habits).  The stories in this book can be somewhat alarming as well.  Having just read about a forced marriage for a 14 year old girl in a polygamous sect here in the USA and how it was horrible for her, it was hard to see a family in which the wife had her first child at 14 or another family with two wives without having preconceived notions.  Despite this, I tried to distance myself from these thoughts and focus on the subject of the book; food.<br /><br />One thing the reader should be warned about that is that the writers have very strong opinions on different things, and don't have any problem expressing them.  If you disagree with articles on over-fishing, the horribleness of fast food and like-diets, the destruction of local food, and other such ideas, this may not be a good book to read.  I found everything very informative however, and as long as you can keep an open mind and view everything from all angles, there shouldn't be a problem.  The writing itself was more factual than emotional and while there were a few emotions included in, these were usually taken straight from the family.<br /><br />The pictures in this book were great.  They were exceptionally taken and helped show all parts of life for these people.  Most specifically they were detailed enough to see the food clearly and determine what was what on the table.  As a warning, there are some scenes of butchered animals or guinea pigs roasted whole; this could be bad for the more squeamish readers.  On another note, everyone in the pictures seemed happy, which to me is the most important thing in the book.<br /><br />Usually I like to just mention the content of a book rather than such things as print size, book size, etc., but I do think there's some aspects of this book worth mentioning.  It is a large heavy book that is a rectangular awkward shape.  The result of this, plus the fact that the print was tiny, made it hard to comfortably read.  That said, it was a book worth the neck and backache.<br /><br />Overall seeing the pictures and reading the stories was an eye-opening experience for me.  Not only was it interesting, it also gave me a different perspective on how life is in other countries.  Having never traveled myself but always having loved food from other countries, I plan on trying a couple of the recipes included in the book to see if I can have a vicarious experience of traveling through the food.  This is a book I'd probably keep in my home library and read with my future kids.  There's a wealth of knowledge between the covers.<br /><br />Hungry Planet<br />Copyright 2005<br />287 pagesis the most important thing in the book.    Usually I like to just mention the content of a book rather than such things as print size, book size, etc., but I do think there's some aspects of this book worth mentioning.  It is a large heavy book that is a rectangular awkward shape.  The result of this, plus the fact that the print was tiny, made it hard to comfortably read.  That said, it was a book worth the neck and backache.    Overall seeing the pictures and reading the stories was an eye-opening experience for me.  Not only was it interesting, it also gave me a different perspective on how life is in other countries.  Having never traveled myself but always having loved food from other countries, I plan on trying a couple of the recipes included in the book to see if I can have a vicarious experience of traveling through the food.  This is a book I'd probably keep in my home library and read with my future kids.  There's a wealth of knowledge between the covers.    Hungry Planet  Copyright 2005  287 pages
0786868724|5.0|Some books transport, others transfix, and few transcend; Have a Little Faith does it all.  Albom's narrative engages the soul.  I wanted more of \\"Reb's Sermon\\" snippets and to talk to the man who so readily related to his \\"community\\" in their terms. A great book leaves you with remarkable quotes like \\"nothing haunts like the things we don't say.\\"  Don't skip the luxury of exploration from Have A Little Faith.
1589944607|5.0|This game is very very fun to play. For a proper game you will need 5-6 people. More or less works but does not make for the best experience. Game will last approximately 2-2.5 hours.    All I can really say about this game is that it is very addicting. You start out with the entire team working together but you are just waiting for a person to slip up and then you can blame them for being a cylon and put them in the brig.     You will probably find out that you were wrong and the person you were helping the entire time was actually a Cylon. Now the remaining humans have a mad dash on their hands as resources dwindle and Galactica gets damaged.    Since getting the game I have played it 3 times. Each time was very different. Some times you have a very rough game from the get go, other times you think you have it easy and will coast to an easy finish. However it always ends in a very close game where a turn or two makes all the difference.    Highly recommend this game to anyone who likes boardgames with a traitor in the midsts. Watching the TV series heightens the game play as you will tend to relate to what is going on.    5 star game.
B0000028WD|5.0|Oh, this is the best.  I am not an audiophile but I have loved music ever since Scott Muni introduced me to rock and roll via WABC-AM and WNEW-FM.  One of the Amazon  reviewers said \\"play it loud\\"........ yes ... do that it is fabulous.......   All of the legends are legends because they are masters of their craft and Dylan knows how to do his own songs, but it is so great to hear how the legends interpret them.  .   One of my favorites is Chrissie Hynde doing \\"I shall be released\\"..... just wonderful..........  Just listen to \\"You ain't going Nowhere\\" with Roseanne Cash, Shawn Colvin and Mary-Chapin Carpenter.   It is fascinating to me that artists of so many different genres can do Dylan as if it were being done for the first time.    \\"Emotionally Yours\\" by the O'Jays made me cry.......  If I were left on a desert island with my Ipod (and batteries) this is the one album I would have to have.    I give it all the stars in the sky...........    Love ya bob,  Nollaig
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I originally bought this as a gift for my best friend, who had introduced me to Dr. Horrible when it first came out. The next holiday season, he ended up giving me another copy so that I could have one as well.    I'm going to start off by saying I'm a huge Joss Whedon fan. From Buffy, to Angel, to Firefly, Serenity, and Dr. Horrible, I love it all. I believe this man is amazingly talented. But I'm going to try to review it as unbiased and fairly as possible (from this aspect, at least.)    First off, I'll talk about the casting. The main character, played by Neil Patrick Harris, is actually my favorite male actor. Again, I'm biased. He's funny, handsome, charming, and can fit into lots of roles. He's an amazing actor (how many gay men can make hundreds of thousands to millions of people think that they're a manwhoring womanizer?) and very versatile and silly. (side note: He's actually a magician, too!) As Dr. Horrible, he is able to encompass the role of deadly serious, evil (but in a sort of silly way), and comedic. He's also got a very, very nice voice.    Felicia Day is, quite possibly my favorite female actress (Again, I'll try to remain unbiased.) She's cute, quirky, and managed to capture the optimism and benevolence of Penny beautifully. Her voice, while not the absolute best I've ever heard, is quite nice, and neither her voice nor her looks are hard on the eyes.    Nathan Fillion is great, too. Playing Captain Hammer, he is hilarious as he exudes extreme narcissism (quite well, I may add. Have some real life practice in this, Nate?) as well as a playing a good-looking antagonist.    The funny thing about this is that the protagonist would usually be the \\"good guy\\"-- Captain Hammer, in most movies-- and the \\"bad guy\\" (Dr. Horrible) would be the antagonist. However, here it is reversed, with you choosing to favor and root for the \\"bad guy\\", making the antagonist Dr. Horrible.    The plot is nice, not too deep, and great, if you like musicals. Be prepared tobreak out giggling repeatedly and want to listen to the soundtrack (which you can also purchase.)     For anyone, Whedon fanatic or not, who likes silly things and musicals, I would definitely recommend Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
0307266303|4.0|This is an interesting book that I didn't want to put down.  It is strong in detail and is relatively current (past 5-10 years mostly).  As another reader noted, it does make you want to go out and run.  It also makes one want to purchase the \\"shoes\\" w/ toes.  I'm not up for barefoot running, though.
0671027344|5.0|This is one of my favorite books. It is mostly aimed at teenagers, but it's sentiments ring true long after teen years. This book touches on some very serious issues in an almost sentimental way with a very unique perspective.
0061743526|5.0|\\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" is a must read. What a well-written story and a great lesson comes from this book. Readers of all ages will fall under it's spell. After 50 years it is still one of the BEST!
B0015DROBO|5.0|Excellent book, very well written, great story.  I liked the book even better after reading about the author, he sounded like a wonderful human being.  Very sorry to hear about his untimely demise.
0439023513|5.0|After reading so many neutral and negative reviews, I decided to come and throw in my two cents. (Spoilers!)<br /><br />I thought this book was a great way to end the series. Was it the happiest? No, definitely not, but I feel like it was the most realistic. Mockingjay was the most depressing of the series, by far. It was very hard to watch Katniss losing herself over and over again after being the heroine for two books. But, remembering that she's 17 and has been through more than most people go through in several lifetimes, one can only expect her to break down. Add into that that people keep dying and she feels she is majorly responsible, it would be too much for most to handle.<br /><br />At first I wasn't very happy with the ending of the book. I'm a hopeless romantic, and had hoped for a lot more Katniss/Peeta interaction and storyline. After looking back on it, and rereading parts again, the ending was kind of fitting. They had both been through so much and they'll never fully recover. There will always be the emptiness inside of them, especially Katniss, which I think is what Collins was trying to get across at the end. They did end up falling in love, but both are more numb than when they first met. I think that is true of anyone who fights in a war, which makes the ending more realistic.<br /><br />Overall, Collins gave us an amazing book, with some absolutely beautiful, if not haunting, writing.
B002ZG980U|5.0|Christopher Nolan has already created a niche in cinematic history with the few in number but huge in impact films he has made. What Nolan manages to do with his storytelling is request, no, insist that his audience thinks - and that is such a change from the usual fare on the screens these days.  His 'MEMENTO' is as intellectually dynamic as his more traditional in content 'THE DARK KNIGHT', 'BATMAN BEGINS', 'INSOMNIA' and 'PRESTIGE' are in spectacular use of the cinema as an art form.  He takes all that one step further with 'INCEPTION', a strangely very personal inquiry into the world of our dreams, aided by a story that challenges us to stay with him through 148 minutes of tension and special effects used as no other director to date has dared.<br /><br />The plot is so thick and seemingly fragmented at times that even Nolan has been said that he didn't always know where the ideas were born. Essentially it is about dream invasion, a futuristic concept that by entering the dreams of competitors or opponents, possibilities/ideas/truths can be found in one of the most startling permutations of  identity theft yet described: if dreams can be entered and examined and altered then many things can be changed by the 'dream thief'.  The cast is absolutely remarkable - actors who can take an idea so strange and pull the audience with them through an experience that can be at times challenging to follow.  Leonardo DiCaprio, growing with each film he makes, is joined by his troops Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ken Watanabe, Dileep Rao, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy to explore the minds/alterable dreams of Cillian Murphy, Tom Berenger, and Pete Pete Postlethwaite.  Along the way of this venture DiCaprio must cope with his encounters with his wife of the past, Marion Cotillard.  Oh, and throw in Michael Caine as DiCaprio's father to flesh out a truly stellar cast.<br /><br />It is a fascinating ride, and though there are portions that seems to go on too long (the episodes in the snow, the loss of gravity in the elevator shaft, etc), the film is truly unique.  it would probably be well to see it twice: the first time for the astonishing affect it has on the viewer, the second time to better appreciate all the little clues dropped along the way that would make the story more accessible. Grady Harp, August 10ty in the elevator shaft, etc), the film is truly unique.  it would probably be well to see it twice: the first time for the astonishing affect it has on the viewer, the second time to better appreciate all the little clues dropped along the way that would make the story more accessible. Grady Harp, August 10
0375507256|1.0|I have to agree with the folks who found this book severely wanting. I got to the North Korean chapter when things began to irk me though I struggled through it. BUT when I hit the Hawaii section I just had to quit.  Some one else wrote a book with the same name not to long ago. It was a far better than this mismash. I wonder at all the rave reviews.
1572816295|5.0|The Paulina Tarot is the absolute first tarot deck I've ever owned and worked with. I'm a complete beginner, but due to working with its Little White Book and a supplementing tarot book I borrowed from my library, I've had a really great time playing and reading and getting to know this deck.    The artwork is BEAUTIFUL. I'm so glad I didn't decide to pick up the Rider-Waite for my first deck and just chose this one instead. It's a fantastic, whimsically surreal deck and it holds a wealth of symbolism on its own.
B0032JTV74|3.0|While I enjoyed the show TO A DEGREE, what made me tune out was the it was all a a bit too \\"High School Musical\\" - like a whitebread version of the original \\"Fame\\" series which at least had some reality and grit to it.  The other thing that turned me off was that the supposedly \\"live\\" glee club performances sounded overly produced - even the rehearsals.
B002QHH22O|5.0|Steel Panther is more than a paraody band they are actually very talented musicians.  They play weekely here in Vegas and I have caught the show 5 times and each time I am impressed with their musical skills, the humor they bring is just an added bonus.  These songs are all original material (a typical live show has 2 original songs and the rest are covers).  My favorite songs are Turn Out the Lights and Community Proper which are often played live.  Ok there are more ballads than I would like but the music matches up to any of the hair bands of the 80's.  Be prepared the songs are not clean, Steel Panther is right up there with The Two Live Crew's Nasty as They Want to Be but songs are catchy and you will soon be singing them under your breath (note approiate to listen to at work).  Yes there is shock value but the songs are still well done and I have given several away as gifts.
B0015DROBO|3.0|THIS BOOK IS INTRIGUING BUT AT THE SAME TIME .....IT IS UPSETTING.  THE MYSTERY IN THE BOOK WAS SPELLBINDING BUT THE ABUSIVE SEX SCENES DID NOT FIT INTO THE STORY.  I FELT THEY WERE UNNECESSARY AND ADDED NOTHING TO THE BOOK.  WHAT THE AUTHOR'S INTENTIONS WERE IN ADDING THOSE SCENES FELT AS THO HE WAS WRITING ABOUT HIS OWN SEXUAL FANTASIES.  THE MAIN CHARACTERS WERE NEVER FULLY DEVELOPED.  YOU NEVER KNEW WHAT THEIR BACKGROUNDS WERE OR HOW THEY FELT, THEREFORE, I NEVER FELT THAT I KNEW THEM.  PEOPLE YOU THOUGHT WOULD REAPPEAR IN THE STORY NEVER DID.......SO I HAD TO WONDER WHY THEY WERE INTRODUCED AT ALL??<br /><br />THERE ARE SO MANY CHARACTERS (WITH VERY DIFFICULT NAMES)  AND WITH NO HISTORY OR PERSONALITY I WAS CONFUSED AT TO WHY HE WROTE ABOUT THEM.  THE MAIN CHARACTER DRIFTED IN AND OUT OF WOMENS' BED WITH NO EMOTION AT ALL.<br /><br />I FOUND THE BOOK DISTURBING AND LEFT ME CONFUSED ABOUT THE CHARACTERS I NEVER FULLY KNEW OR UNDERSTOOD.<br /><br />I CAN'T REALLY RECOMMEND IT.  THE ABUSIVE SCENES WERE VERY CONFUSING.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|By far the most heart wrenching book of the hunger games.  The discriptions are immaculate: you feel every inch of Katnisses pain and trouble. beautiful.
B003TEO3EI|5.0|When I first heard this new CD I was overwhelmed by the orchestra, and then by the layered music, but then when I heard the familar vocals of Hansi, it all settled back in and it was a joy listening to one of my favorite bands. All the songs are magnificently written both lyrically and musically and anyone whose enjoyed past recordings by this talented band will definately enjoy this! I highly recommend it to any true Blind Guardian fan,
0199576688|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo3SA8MLOXH7JR5]]good
B003ITZBVI|1.0|If you have children do not get this movie. The language is terrible and it is quite violent although not gorey violent. I'm a Batman fan for decades but turned this off and returned it. I don't need that kind of language in my home and especially around children.
B002T4LP6S|5.0|This was an excellent read - I borrowed it from the library and enjoyed it so thoroughly that I bought my own copy before I had even finished. Dawkins does hack on those people who don't believe in evolution a little, but to give him credit he has to put up with so much nonsense from those people I think he's beyond justified in doing so. And it doesn't detract from what he is explaining.    The Greatest Show on Earth is very well written; extremely clear and a seamless flow. He also uses excellent examples to get his point across, many of them so interesting I have to repeat them to anyone who will listen. That breeding silver foxes for tameness would be accompanied by changing coat color and ear morphology, in just a few generations? I couldn't get enough. I find he does a great job of presenting the facts and describing how they support the theorum (a word he uses to get away from the hang-ups of using theory but avoid the mathematicians' stringency of theorem) of evolution. Dawkins even goes one step further, explaining the science behind the facts and explaining how the knowledge is collected, but in a clear, succinct and direct way that will be understood even by non-science lovers - more science writers should strive to achieve what Dawkins has done with this book.
1594489505|5.0|This book is a page turner. Khaled Hosseini has a way of inspiring all known human emotions through his words alone - his characters seem real in a way that they almost speak to the reader. I cannot imagine a better narration of history as it unfolded in the land of 'A Thousand Splendid Sons'!
1592289444|5.0|This was a very good read. I enjoy non fiction adventure that doesn't require a great amount of concentration, so this one hit the spot- it is also a very compelling story. I look forward to seeing the movie soon!
B000KP62MA|5.0|I've always considered myself a New Age type of girl. I'm an 'Enigma' junkie and still am to this day. I'm almost 34 so I didn't think to change my ways. I was into soft, sometimes tribal sounds with wooden flutes and sounds of nature entwined in the harmonies and beats.  I hardly glanced at Alternative music, deeming it too harsh for my ears. I didn't like the heavy screaming and listening to lyrics I didn't understand or care to decipher.  One day out of the blue, I saw an advertisement for a CD with a compilation of various artists.  One stood out above the rest.  I looked at the lead singer belting out a wonderful tune with such passion. It was called \\"The Kill\\" by 30 Seconds to Mars.  In less than 10 seconds, I had become hooked. I knew then I had to get, not the compilation CD, but a 30 Seconds to Mars CD. I still don't consider myself an Alternative girl or someone who enjoys screamo music. I do, however, consider myself a 30 Seconds to Mars girl. All along, I had seen movies with Jared Leto and I couldn't believe I didn't make the connection. How could I have missed it? I love the dark look with the black nail polish and eyeliner. It suits him. I just looked at him on the ad and thought he was very talented and very sexy. His lyrics can touch you on many different levels. I write a lot of poetry myself and I do some songwriting so I love the way the songs are written. Their lyrics are deep and meaningful and I love reading between the lines. \\"Hurricane\\" and every other song on their albums are worth buying and worth listening to. Take it from someone who hated the Alternative style. A few seconds of \\"The Kill\\" and I changed my tune. I'm glad I gave it a chance. I'm now a huge fan and all it took was a glance. I'm pretty picky about my music so you know 30 STM have to be talented to convert me to even consider that type of music. Go and buy them!!!
B002ZG997C|4.0|If you perceive the presence and handiwork of someone greater than yourself in this reality, that awareness will lend an additional layer of entertainment to this high production value work.<br /><br />If not, you should be able to get by on the periodic carnage, homicidally quirky secondary characters, and the Japanese samurai movie-esque plot turn.<br /><br />P.S. - If you happen to fall into the latter of these two camps, you have bigger fish to fry than to wonder what you might missing for your entertainment dollar as a result of not being in the first group.
B002S9DRA6|5.0|I loved this collection.  The first CD takes me back to when Enigma first came out and I can remember exactly where I was and what I was doing when 'Sadeness' came on the radio.  I was 14 at the time. The soothing and sultry music took me to a place I've never been before.  The chanting and ambient sounds were perfect and hit every part of my brain.  I figured out that this type of music was addictive and it helped me to write my stories and poetry and I rely on Enigma when I'm writing something new.  I can pick up any album and each one takes me to a different place and get the creative juices flowing.  The second CD in this collection is more trance-like but still just as great.  The remixes are awesome.  The third CD, the 'Lost Instrumentals' are truly a find with 3,4,7,8 being my favorites.  I'm a true Enigma junkie and have to get a fix of Michael Cretu's music daily.  It's great for meditating, working out, cleaning and anything else you can think of.  I hope to see many more albums hit the shelves.  Enigma never disappoints.
B003LL3LHO|5.0|Jeff Grubb has done it again. His talent in writing has poured all over this book, allowing readers to feel the full force of what fantasy can be. This book is a great fantasy book, probably the best in the past couple of years. As someone who doesn't normally read video game books, I was skeptical. People on Twitter kept saying this was such a good book, though, and so I had to at least give it a chance. I was very surprised to find myself so drawn into a story based off of a video game, I almost forgot that it took roots from one at all!<br /><br />It is a must read for those who like video game books, and worth a chance for those who like fantasy or Guild Wars, but don't really know if game-to-book stories are that great.
0439023513|2.0|It was an absolutely fantastic series, yet there's something left to be desired in Mockingjay.  While Hunger Games & Catching Fire were somewhat grim, they also had a lot of other stuff to counterbalance the darkness - like the romance between Katniss & Peeta or her relationship with Gale, her camaraderie with Cinna, Haymitch, Finnick and Prim.  In this book, Suzanne Collins concentrated too much on the war and not much on anything else.    The romance is almost non-existent until the very last 2-3 pages. And the last 2 chapters (b4 the Epilogue) are also the most agonizing to read.  Katniss's relationship with Haymitch is shaky since she still blames him for leaving Peeta to the Capital's whims.  Even though I was hoping Cinna would be okay, I knew that was wishful thinking.  Peeta (my fav person in the books) is absent for too long & when he does appear, you expect at least some lightness to happen. Alas, there are literally no soft moments between him & Katniss.  In fact, I feel Katniss viewed Peeta as a burden that she had to just get off her chest; i.e. get him outta the Capital's clutches and then just abandon him when he isn't worshipping her like he used to in the past. I was sort of disgusted with the way Katniss handled Peeta's illness (for lack of a better word). And her relationship with Gale is rough at the best of times.      Katniss is much too stubborn in this book and while I may understand that this is how SC portrayed her from the beginning, you still want to shake her sometimes and ask her to offer an olive branch to certain people. Even her sister Prim is rarely there - not that she was ever a big character but you knew she was the person Katniss loved the most.    Too many deaths are peppered throughout the book - some that don't affect you much.  The last 2 deaths (of the good people) tear your heart out but SC wrote these parts so brilliantly that you can't grieve them at that point but run through the pages with Katniss helplessly.  Only atthe end, when Katniss grieves, do you feel everything affecting you as well.    This is one of the books that'll keep you up at night, feeling forlorn.  The last book that affected me so much was Harry Potter & the Deathly Hallows - where deaths of certain characters that you've always loved left you feeling depressed (I know they're not real people, but avid book readers will know how this feels). But Harry Potter had a better closure with hope and happiness winning over despair. It doesn't happen in Mockingjay - even after the war is over & done with and years have gone by, Katniss's character is still not happy in the end - or that's how it feels.     I don't think I can make myself reread this book just yet - I didn't reread HP & DH until after 2 whole months (but I reread it often now), but I will reread Mockingjay again someday when I feel better.    PS: I am truly happy with who she chooses in the end - I always knew she's choose him, but nice to see it happen anyway.
B000W01GK6|3.0|This product has already been available since the year 2007, and as the reviews about this record and the band are just about split right down the middle as a love/hate relationship, I will enter into the battle to explain just what there is here in this \\"Deluxe\\" edition of The Eagles latest recording entitled: \\"Long Road Out Of Eden\\"<br /><br />This version houses the twin CD set in a red cloth casing that contains the music of the original release. The booklet of photographs and lyrics has doubled in size to forty pages. The twenty two track album is here with two bonus tracks added at the end of disc two. The band's newest single: \\"Hole In The World\\" is now included, as is: \\"Please Come Home For Christmas\\" from three decades past.<br /><br />As for the music, I enjoy much of what the band has presented here with the epic title selection: \\"Long Road Out Of Eden\\" being my favorite track of the bundle. Some of the material isn't to my liking, but I have had the same problem with other records by this band in the past. With a few tracks excluded from the final package, we would have a very fine single disc of Eagle's music presented here.<br /><br />This isn't the greatest record by The Eagles by a long shot, but it's a good listen of finely produced rock/pop music. We are not going to hear: \\"Hotel California Part Two\\" in the near future, matter how many folks keep on shouting for it.<br /><br />To sum it all up:<br />If you like The Eagles, you will like this newest batch of Eagles music.<br />As for if you need this deluxe edition, the answer is both yes and no.<br />YES: If you can obtain this version at a reasonable price and you do not already have the original two CD set in your music library.<br />NO: If you already have the original version and the \\"Hole In The World\\" single CD and DVD.<br />Three Stars!
0143118420|4.0|I ordered 4 copies for 4 daughters/daughters-in-law in separate cities.  All copies arrived quickly and in good condition.
B000002RA1|5.0|There's something VERY important you must know right away.  I bought the Audio CD version of Hawkwind's In Search of Space that came out in 1992, and this version does NOT include the three bonus tracks (\\"Seven By Seven\\", \\"Silver Machine\\", and \\"Born to Go\\").  Why amazon shows these three songs as being available on this version... I have absolutely no idea.    Secondly, I have mixed feelings with the sound quality.  While I know Hawkwind is an old space rock band that focuses on muffled saxophone and fuzzy guitar jams (and plus the fact this album is 40 years old) I remain completely convinced that the sound quality *should* be better than it is.      It's not necessarily *bad* by any means, and a good comparison would be Blue Oyster Cult's unremastered debut.  If you've ever heard that album, you know how quiet everything sounds, and how the background instruments tend to blend together when they should in fact be pushed to the front of the mix.  The same thing happens with In Search of Space.  The saxophone and guitar work should be upfront; not in the background so the bass is so obvious that it rattles the speakers.    Still, for a good price, I'm not really disappointed.  I can work with the sound quality thanks to my many stereo settings, but I *am* a tad bummed out about the lack of bonus tracks.      Anyway, let me discuss the music.    You know, had I existed back in 1972, Hawkwind would have been my personal pick for the most innovative rock band that would be remembered 40 years later.  Well... haha.  It didn't turn out that way at all!    Sometimes I believe history gets it wrong, and sometimes the really good and unique bands become forgotten for extremely unfair reasons (in this case, to spotlight the more popular space rock bands like Pink Floyd and Yes) but I REALLY believe Hawkwind should have gone down in the history books as one of the best rock bands of all-time.  Let me explain why.    Hawkwind's style of space rock does NOT resemble Yes or PinkFloyd's- it's actually something completely different from those two legendary artists.  Hawkwind takes spaced out guitar riffs and chords and repeats them over and over while adding melodic saxophone solos that honestly makes me STRONGLY believe that Hawkwind is one of the coolest bands ever.  Seriously, Hawkwind is one cool band.  Perhaps the very definition of cool.    The way the band blends saxophone solos with fuzzy electric guitars really does make me think about a journey across the universe.  It might sound a bit dated, but again, the poor sound quality of my version may be unintentionally contributing to that.      Anyway, \\"We Took the Wrong Step Years Ago\\" has *fascinating* (not to mention CREEPY!) lyrics.  I say \\"creepy\\" because the lyrics remind me of something bad; like a mistake I made in the past that I can't correct.  Yikes.  REALLY beautiful and melodic vocal melody and acoustic guitar, too.  \\"Children of the Sun\\" is sort of the same way but with a flute solo at the end.  Apparently Hawkwind had some folk-rock influences.  \\"Master of the Universe\\" is definitely an \\"Iron Man\\" Black Sabbath-like track that just rules.   Again, the space rock jam in the middle just feels so right.     \\"You Shouldn't Do That\\" is a 15-minute ride of melodic sax and crashing guitar chords with a strong emphasis on bass guitar.  The rhythm is absolutely magnificent.  The vocal melody is way ahead of its time because it sounds like nothing else from the early 70's.  How on EARTH did such an amazing band not go down in history as one of the very best?  Talk about a band cool enough for todays generation to fall in love with... if only they'd actually listen to this stuff.    Probably just a coincidence, but the atmosphere in \\"You Know You're Only Dreaming\\" reminds me of Chicago's \\"Wish You Were Here\\" released a few years later.  \\"Adjust Me\\" has a jam that's a bit better than the rest of the ones on the album.  I can't exactly explain why- it just is.    I highly recommendthis as an alternative to the space rock genre besides listening to Pink Floyd all the time.  Hawkwind deserves to be remembered too.
B001FB5634|5.0|Because I was so enamored with Cormac McCarthy's powerful and riveting [[ASIN:0307476316 novel]], I wondered often if director John Hillcoat's film adaptation would do the book justice.  Having viewed THE ROAD several times, plus watched the DVD extras, I would say justice is duly served.  Not only does Hillcoat vividly recreate the stark, cold, dirty, brutal environment of a post-apocalyptic world, what's even more important is he wonderfully portrays McCarthy's moving theme of a father's undying love for his young son.  It's compelling cinema, and Viggo Mortensen and Kodi Smit-McPhee make a dynamic team.<br /><br />While Hillcoat does take some extra liberties (the mother's role, played by Charlize Theron, is very much expanded from the novel), for the most part he stays faithful to McCarthy's story.  In fact, via the DVD extras we learned McCarthy was involved in much of the filmmaking process, and gave his approval to the final version.  We also learn that Mortensen was so committed to his role as the homeless Man (his character and Smit-McPhee's have no names) he actually lived and slept in his filthy clothes for days at a time (he got thrown out of one or two stores as a result).  And rather than depend on CGI effects for the bleak landscape, Hillcoat took crew and cast to literally dozens of locations, from Mount St. Helens to rural Pennsylvania to New Orleans and many points in between.  This creates a vivid, gritty realism.  One drawback (if one can call it that) is Hillcoat's audio commentary; at best it's disjointed and rambling and sometimes confusing.  (Thankfully Hillcoat's a much better director than he is a commentator.)<br /><br />Scattered throughout the film are supporting roles performed admirably--especially acting legend Robert Duvall in a powerful appearance.  Guy Pearce and Molly Parker are memorable as well.  Having watched THE ROAD it comes as no surprise the film garnered McCarthy's seal of approval; this is a commanding film that captures the spirit and intent of the sensational novel.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoningd intent of the sensational novel.  --D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B00006AG9J|3.0|What we have here is a bunch of fabulous noise. It will be argued correctly that this music is inferior, as well as heavily influenced, by the likes of Pink Floyd: \\"Piper at the Gates of Dawn\\" \\"Saucer Full of Secrets\\" \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" etcetera. This is a fact, although Floyd did it better. This album is interesting because of what would evolve out of it. Klaus Schulze would go on to a prolific, and absolutely brilliant, solo career as an electronic music pioneer for the 21st century; while Froese would go on to pick up Chris Franke and pioneer electronic music for the 21st century as well. That being said, this album rocks. A lot of found sounds and tinkering around, but when they start to jam, Schulze's drums are fabulous and unorthodox, and Froese's guitar is fierce, with plenty of feedback and great guitar riffs as he seeks to find his own sound. Not mind bending like Amon Duul's \\"Tanz Der Lemming\\" or \\"Yeti\\" but they definitely do their thing.<br /><br />If you love early Amon Duul, if you love early Ash Ra Tempel, then you should get this album just so you know what it's about. If you are a Kosmische music head then this is just part of the archivist process. I'ts not my favorite album to listen to, but I definately enjoy the listen nontheless.
0439023513|1.0|Weakly plotted.  Heavy handed.  Greatly distanced from the first three.  Disappointing.    And I really wanted to like it.  Read it in one sitting.    Recommend reading only Hunger Games and pretending like it is a stand alone book.
B002U0KHMY|5.0|I've long been a fan of television shows being released on DVD. For one, it gives me a chance to catch up on series I may have missed for whatever reason when they first began. Another reason is I hate the cliff hanger that keeps me wondering what happens next only to miss the next episode for some reason like, say, real life interfering. So series released on DVD are a plus for me. And when the series is a great one, like WHITE COLLAR, it makes it even better.<br /><br />The set up for the show seems simple, but then that seems to be the case for most shows. We are presented with a charismatic con man named Neal Caffrey played with charm by actor Matthew Bomer. Neal starts the show out in prison, placed there several years earlier by FBI agent Peter Burke (Tim DeKay). With only three days left till his release, Neal escapes and Peter, the expert on Neal Caffrey, is on the case.<br /><br />It doesn't take long for Peter to find Caffrey but at the same time he wonders why, with only three days left, did he escape? In reviewing the tapes of Caffrey's visitors he sees Caffrey's girlfriend stop in and appear to break up with him. Could this have been the reason?<br /><br />Talking with Caffrey, Neal makes Peter a proposition. He knows that Peter is in the middle of an intense investigation for the white collar crime unit. If he will get the FBI to release him with an ankle monitor in place, he will offer Peter the assistance he needs to take on the latest criminal he has his eye on. Of course they agree and the series is set. Caffrey is a partner with the FBI in helping to take on criminals, the simple explanation for the show.<br /><br />But there is more to it than just that. The elusive reason for Caffery escaping and searching for his old girlfriend Kate. More was at play here than even we as viewers and especially Peter realized. And Neal is searching for clues to her whereabouts with each episode. Helping him along the way is his trusted con man/thief friend Mozzie played by Willie Garson who does a great job.<br /><br />Each episode of the series takes on a new white collar crime and criminal as the FBI attempts to catch them. And along the way we get to know more about both Neal and Peter. Neal is the sophisticated art connoisseur, the lover of fine things, the man about town. Peter is the trustworthy, loyal, hard working, dedicated FBI agent who plays it straight all the way. Well until Neal starts to rub off on him just a bit.<br /><br />Also in the mix is actress Tiffani Thiessen who most will remember from SAVED BY THE BELL. She's grown into an accomplished actress and it shows here where she plays Peter's wife. She took takes a liking to Neal Caffrey but not in a sexual way, more in an admiration for his love of life and the comradeship that she sees developing between Neal and her husband.<br /><br />The chemistry between the two leads makes this show not just believable with a premise that can't be, but enjoyable to watch as well. Both are good looking actors but Bomer has that charming leading actor appearance while DeKay offers that solid FBI agent appearance. They suit their roles perfectly and the banter back and forth between these two characters, as well as their growing fondness for one another, makes for interesting viewing.<br /><br />The secret to making a great TV series is to get the viewers to care about the characters involved. That happens with these characters. You learn to like them. You learn to care about them. You learn to hope that Neal eventually does find Kate and who it was that was making her leave him. In so doing, you find yourself wanting to see more of these folks and that's the real treasure in finding a series on DVD that works. Not only do you enjoy the discs you own, you find yourself setting the DVR to record the new episodes of the series and become fans.  Thus the DVD release becomes the best promotional tool out there. That is if the series is good and this one is fantastic.es a great job.    Each episode of the series takes on a new white collar crime and criminal as the FBI attempts to catch them. And along the way we get to know more about both Neal and Peter. Neal is the sophisticated art connoisseur, the lover of fine things, the man about town. Peter is the trustworthy, loyal, hard working, dedicated FBI agent who plays it straight all the way. Well until Neal starts to rub off on him just a bit.    Also in the mix is actress Tiffani Thiessen who most will remember from SAVED BY THE BELL. She's grown into an accomplished actress and it shows here where she plays Peter's wife. She took takes a liking to Neal Caffrey but not in a sexual way, more in an admiration for his love of life and the comradeship that she sees developing between Neal and her husband.     The chemistry between the two leads makes this show not just believable with a premise that can't be, but enjoyable to watch as well. Both are good looking actors but Bomer has that charming leading actor appearance while DeKay offers that solid FBI agent appearance. They suit their roles perfectly and the banter back and forth between these two characters, as well as their growing fondness for one another, makes for interesting viewing.     The secret to making a great TV series is to get the viewers to care about the characters involved. That happens with these characters. You learn to like them. You learn to care about them. You learn to hope that Neal eventually does find Kate and who it was that was making her leave him. In so doing, you find yourself wanting to see more of these folks and that's the real treasure in finding a series on DVD that works. Not only do you enjoy the discs you own, you find yourself setting the DVR to record the new episodes of the series and become fans.  Thus the DVD release becomes the best promotional tool out there. That is if the series is good and this one is fantastic.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Katniss Everdeen is back and better than ever! In my honest opinion this book is the gretest of the trilogy. If you want to read it however, I strongly suggest you start with the first one.
B002ZG9968|3.0|And how is THE BACK UP PLAN exactly what you'd expect? Well to start with it falls into the category of current ideology romantic comedy. Comedian Whitney Cummings summed it up nicely in her recent Comedy Channel special when she described current romantic comedies as setting the bar high for women's views on romance with stories that will absolutely never happen in real life. It seems to be what all romantic comedies are like these days, so why should this one be any different?<br /><br />Jennifer Lopez stars as Zoe, a young career woman who owns her own pet store in New York City. Zoe has decided that with no man in her life and wanting to start a family, its time for her back up plan: artificial insemination. A few gynecology jokes later and she's done.<br /><br />Happy as a lark and hoping for the best, she jumps in a cab only to find another occupant, Stan (Alex O'Loughlin). Both claiming the cab is theirs, they exit at the same time trying to out nice the other and resulting in both walking in the rain. A chance encounter a few days later at the open air market where Stan sells his own cheese and they two take an interest in one another. Showing up at Zoe's store to hear the Dog Whisperer speak seals the deal.<br /><br />The two become a couple and as their first date is about to begin, Zoe takes a pregnancy test to discover that tah dah, she is indeed pregnant. Forget that it usually doesn't happen the first time around, she's ready to go. Instead of talking about it, she sees Stan and they pair end up falling madly in love. Wanting to make sure of herself she agrees to a weekend at Stan's farm where the two hit the sheets...or in this case a table in the barn...after which she tells him of her condition.<br /><br />As in most romantic comedies, this leads to a back and forth of acceptance and denial from one party or the other. At first Stan is upset then decides yes, he can deal with this. But then Zoe heads back to New York thinking it will never work. But after several days they reunite and begin their life together.<br /><br />The problem is that Zoe has trust issues since her father left her family after her mother was diagnosed with an illness that killed her. Stan may be that perfect someone, but she isn't willing to believe that that person exist. Stan, on the other hand, is the one dealing with the reality of children, the costs involved, having to change his lifestyle, etc. As I said, they go into an up and down relationship where they're together, then apart, then together again. Face it folks, by the last reel these two are gonna be a couple.<br /><br />So there is no real mystery in this film. It's a romantic comedy so there will be no sad moment of losing the babies, nor will the pair split apart forever. Instead they will live happily ever after.<br /><br />So what's wrong with that? Absolutely nothing. This is not cinematic art in high gear here folks. This is a nice little piece of fluff designed to do nothing more than entertain. And it does that quite well. The lead couple is engaging, attractive and playing roles that have them not look for some deep seated love but more along the lines of romantic comedy fall in love at first sight and know it will last forever kind of love. And in movies there's nothing wrong with that. Even more so when it offers entertainment.<br /><br />Lopez has been off camera for a while but she hasn't lost a thing. She still makes her roles believable and comes across as a good hearted soul here who has been burned far too many times. Her character doesn't linger on that, but it's always a subtext there beneath her exterior. O'Loughlin (who I'm honestly not real familiar with but have read he will star as Steve McGarrett in the new HAWAII FIVE-OH series) seems like a nice guy and a solid actor, never investing deep rooted emotional depth here because it's not needed. Instead he's a nice guy trying to do the right thing.<br /><br />The production values of the film are great. The sets, scenery, script and more make for an enjoyable film. Perhaps this movie would have been terrible had I paid for two $7 tickets to see it in a theater. But a dollar rental or even a $3 rental for this movie will provide you with a nice piece of entertainment.aps this movie would have been terrible had I paid for two $7 tickets to see it in a theater. But a dollar rental or even a $3 rental for this movie will provide you with a nice piece of entertainment.
B002RKSZWG|5.0|Austen's last is one of the famed four -- Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Emma, and this novel, the most melancholy but also perhaps most romatic of the quartet.  I also highly recommend the film[[ASIN:B00003JRCQ Persuasion]]
B002RWKSII|4.0|Originally I was wondering if Brian isn't hitting a dry spell. After all, when it was announced that Brian had been signed to Disney records and that neither of the 2 planned releases would be albums of new, original songs I was a bit apprehensive. Covering other people's songs is something artists do when the're washed up, just after their Xmas album. Being a lifetime fan, starting when I saw the concert in Sacramento that became the Beach Boys Concert album, I should have known better. Brian has never done the expected & this recording is no exception. Plain & simple, it's great. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 is because I just don't like They Can't Take That Away From Me, not that it's Brian's fault - I just don't like that song by anybody. The rest is stunning, especially It Ain't Necessarily So. While he doesn't sing like he did in his 20s, over the last several years his voice has improved quite a bit both is recording & on stage & his air of weary optimism in his delivery certainly fits these songs to a T. Of course I'll buy the album of Disney classics when it comes out because even the worst he could do is better than most people's best. My only hope is that he has at least another great album of new songs in store for us up the road.
0446310492|5.0|Even in this day and age, this book provides a tremendous opportunity to teach the age-old message of \\"do the right thing\\" and \\"do unto others\\"! Even kids of the current generation ar emoved by this story.  Young and old alike will find it a valuable read ( including better_bargains.com who made purchasing this book a nightmare).
0439023513|5.0|Like most readers of the first two Hunger Games books, I've come to love Katniss and all that she represents. I felt elated that Collins created such a strong willed female character who was always true to herself and ready and willing to do what was right, regardless of the cost. Unlike so many female heroines she doesn't crave the spotlight, isn't crippled by bouts of insecurity that force her to second guess every decision she makes and more than anything she really knows who she is. Her real power in drawing us in is her honesty and the burning desire to remain true to herself no matter what.    I've read Mockingjay twice now and I'm still reeling with emotions that I can't seem to put words to. Did I love the book? Yes.  Did I love all of it? NO. Did I feel disappointed and let down? Hell Yes. I feel like Collins took me to a place that I wasn't ready for and just like the main character Katniss, I'm at a loss for what to feel.  There are certainly moments during the novel when you laugh but what stood out most for me was a gnawing anger that I can't seem to let go of and an overwhelming sense of loss and profound sadness.  I have to confess that when I got the book in hand I was prepared for any number of things to happen, especially the death of the heroine that I've come to love and respect. I'd created an ending in my head where she dies for the cause at the end of the war, having killed president Snow and ensuring the safety of her loved ones and the rest of the country. Leaving a legacy with her battles and ultimate sacrifice that lays the foundation for equality, freedom and unity the likes of which their world hadn't seen in centuries. A bit naive I know but I watched Braveheart a few weeks ago (LOVE that movie btw)and couldn't help drawing parallels between the Katniss and Wallace.    I guess the ambiguity of my feeling right now lay in the fact that I feel somewhat betrayed by this book and emotionally manipulated. I somehow resent the fact that I loved it for it's jarring honesty and accurate portrayals of the human condition but hate the price at which it comes. The loss of some of the characters was really hard to come to terms with, especially the death of the one person that helped turn Katniss into the Mockingjay in the first place. The writing is beautiful the words paint the pictures all to well and the bleak juxtaposition between her heroic actions at the first reaping and her failure to complete what she stared there is excruciatingly painful to read as you watch everything finally come full circle. It certainly felt like a punch in the gut and I still wonder if it was necessary.  Could Collins have found some other, less devastating way to drive those point home?  I still haven't come up with an answer to that one myself!    In the end I think what's different with this book is the glaring reality of it and the fact that there's no point when you're reading it that you can find security in the fact that it's \\"Just A Book!\\"  That these are just words on paper and that none of it matters.  Somehow this one seems more real than the other two and when you close the book at the end you're left unsettled and disoriented and wondering why. Maybe like me you have a moment just before the end when the weight of everything that's happened comes crashing down on you and you just set the book aside and sweep heart wrenching sobs that threatened to shatter you as well.    For that and so much more I have to give this book a 5 star review because I don't think it's about just liking the ending or having enjoyed the book itself but so much more about the depth of the journey it took you on and the unexpected place that you find yourself when it's all over.  For that I say job well done?
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|WOW!  This review is actually for the triligy.  This was excellent.  I haven't been engrossed in a series of books like this in a long time.  It was so well written and if you like excitement, it will glue you to your seat until you're finished.  A must read for crime novel enthusiasts.
B003OF3R0S|5.0|Avenged Sevenfold really refined their art for this album. I hope they continue to step up their game.
B0028SVXR6|4.0|The Mars Volta show a new side on this cd and a welcome one as far as I'm concerned. I got into these guys with The Bedlam In Goliath, which was full throttle almost the entire disc and quite chaotic feeling upon first listen. This cd is the almost complete opposite and really shows the dexterity of this group. Even the more up tempo songs, such as Teflon, Cotopaxi, and Desperate Graves,show the group can crank it up and maintain a more composed sound. I don't really get the negativity towards this disc, but I'm bit more open minded to change than most. I would be perfectly happy if Mars found a way to combine the two styles effectively. A very enjoyable listen this one is. Open your ears and mind folks!
B0006GAOBI|4.0|Donnie Darko is one of those films you will either love or hate. I sort of love this movie, I saw it over a month ago and still can't get this dark comedy out of my head. Jake Gyllenhaal tends to overact sometimes but overall, his performance as the title character is quite engaging. His sister Maggie Gyllenhaal also stars, she is such a powerful and intense actress. Even Patrick Swayze is a marvel, probably his finest performance of his short, amazing career. The premise is really outrageous but Donnie Darko will leave you scratching your head and that's a good thing!
B003JTHETY|4.0|Maiden's showing a new side here. Some lyrical elements are the same, but the music is rather different (especially from their 80's albums-get over it) It's a damn good listen, and if you can, I reccomend getting it on vinyl
0439023513|5.0|When I read the first two books in The Hunger Games trilogy, I could tell that it was a series that had things to say about our modern society.  As I devoured this final book, I could not stop thinking about how it was almost as if Collins had timed the release of this novel with surgical precision.  With all of the heated rhetoric being tossed around these days, with all of the fear-mongering and hateful words with which humans are currently assaulting one another, this book seemingly could not have come at a more timely moment.      Before this book's release, I was very concerned that it would take the complexities of the previous two novels and boil them down into a sort of run-of-the-mill good versus evil tale.  I was extremely satisfied to find that this was not the case.  Throughout the novel, Katniss is confronted with questions about what constitutes good and what constitutes evil and whether or not the ends justify the means.  If you are looking for a book that sets up a clear dichotomy between good and evil, you will not find it here.  Instead, Collins draws everyone--including Katniss, Gale, and Peeta--in shades of gray.  There are no easy answers for Katniss, nor should there be.  I would have lost all respect for the series if this had been the case.  Moreover, Collins illustrates that nothing comes without a cost, and that sometimes that cost can be far too dear.     The strength of this novel--of the whole series--lies in Katniss.  What ultimately sets her apart from many of the other characters in the series is that she is a very self-reflective human being.  She is certainly flawed; shecan be petty, and many of her actions stem from selfish motivations.  But Katniss understands that right and wrong aren't mutually exclusive, that sometimes in trying to do what is right, people can do things that are very, very wrong.  Perhaps more importantly, Katniss has a tendency to question.  She questions the motivations of others, rather than simply taking atface value the lines she is fed.  She questions her own actions, tallies up her own mistakes, and takes responsibility for what she has done.  Sometimes she is too hard on herself, but Katniss's self awareness shows that this, of all our many gifts, is the greatest gift that humans possess.  Katniss is brave enough to take stock of what she has done, and to fully explore what the consequences of her actions are.  She does not try to absolve herself of responsibility.  This to me is what makes Katniss truly admirable, that while everyone else can justify their behavior, Katniss has the maturity to know that sometimes there is no justification for one's actions.    This book also makes even clearer that Peeta and Gale are foils for one another.  Both of them are sometimes unsettling in this book, but there is a distinct difference between them.  At their cores, they are two fundamentally different beings, and their approach to the situations in which they find themselves varies quite widely.  I wouldn't necessarily call either of them better than the other, but I did feel that it's quite clear that what really lies deep within the hearts of these two characters is what ultimately defines them.  I understood perfectly why Katniss chose who she did, and I really felt that things couldn't have been any other way.  Lasting relationships are built upon not only choosing the person who has the most attractive traits, but also the person who can help us become the best parts of ourselves.  The root of Katniss's conflict, in my opinion, has lain in the fact that it has taken her some time to fully understand this.    What Collins has crafted here is a challenging, heart-wrenching, and emotionally exhausting tale that demands that its readers stop and think, really think.  I can't imagine a greater compliment to pay to a novel than that one, than to say that it will stick with me for a long, long time.  Late in the book, one character says, \\"Maybe we are witnessing the evolution of the human race.\\"  I found myself wondering if this will ever really happen.
0380820846|4.0|Although I thought the pace of this book was a little slower than the others in the series I still loved this story.  Penelope has long been one of my favorite secondary characters in the previous books and I was happy to see her finally get her own story and slice of happiness.  Colin is as sweet and charming and pig-headed as his lovely brothers.  I love the friendship that the two of them have. But, I do like myself a few steamy bits in my romance novels and there was not a whole lot of it in this book. The ugly duckling getting her day and the Lady Whistledown plot made this story well worth reading. And yet again I find myself in the frustrating position of deciding as to which Bridgerton boy I love the most and it's almost too much to bear! :)
B0006VIE4C|5.0|My review is of the 2004 enhanced version of this movie.<br /><br />Back in 1997, to celebrate the 20 year anniversary of the release of A New Hope, an enhanced version of Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope was being shown in theaters.  This enhanced version contained extra scenes, alternate takes that replace the original takes, and added CGI effects.  The reaction from fans was mixed.  Some liked the added scenes and effects, while others didn't.  Myself, I had mixed feelings about it, but my way of thinking is this:  As long as the original theatrical version is still available to the public, that's the main thing.  Thankfully, it is, but I heard it was pressed from the old laserdisc version from the 1980s and hasn't been restored.  In 2004, the enhanced versions of A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return Of The Jedi were included in the 4-DVD Star Wars Trilogy set (which includes the bonus material documentary DVD).  This is the set I own.  I like these enhanced movies as well as the untouched originals, especially if they would be restored one day.<br /><br />I was the perfect age to be when A New Hope came out in 1977.  I was seven, and I remember going to the theater in May 1977 to see the movie.  I remember the beginning of the movie when the star destroyer came overhead that was chasing the rebel ship.  The sound was so powerful and the special effects were so good.  I was immediately drawn into the movie.  Then a short time later, C3PO and R2D2 appeared, then the stormtroopers, then Darth Vader.  The characters blew me away.  I was fascinated with C3PO's gold costume, the Tusken Raiders, the Jawas, and Tatooine in general.  Chewbacca was also a favorite of mine, as was Han Solo.  I also liked Greedo.  My first action figure was the Tusken Raider, then C3PO.  I collected Star Wars trading cards.  I had the first set with the turquoise border, then the set with the red border, then the orange border, then the green border, and so on.  I was hooked on this stuff.  A New Hope is what started it all.  I was equally fascinated with Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back in 1980.  Back in '77 I rooted for the rebellion.  By '80 I had turned to the dark side and liked the Empire.<br /><br />While this 2004 version of A New Hope is not the original theatrical version, it does retain the same feel of the movie I saw in the theater in '77.  I must say, though, that the scene where Han Solo shoots Greedo is ridiculous.  Greedo fires at Solo from close range and MISSES and Solo barely flinches as the laser bullet goes past him and hits the wall behind him.  The scene with Jabba The Hutt by the Millennium Falcon slows down the movie somewhat, and Jabba seems too nice in the scene.  The CGI stuff that was added at Mos Eisley was too childish-looking.  It LOOKS like CGI and doesn't match the rest of the movie and really was unnecessary.  It would fit in more with The Phantom Menace.  The only exception is when the Falcon blasts out of the docking bay when stormtroopers are shooting at it.  That was a good scene.  Some of the creatures in the cantina were changed.  Example:  the werewolf was eliminated and replaced with another creature.<br /><br />Once in a while there are alternate takes used that replace the original takes.  An example is when Ben Kenobi, Luke, and the two droids are in the landspeeder and are stopped by stormtroopers at Mos Eisley.  An alternate take was used when Kenobi says, \\"You don't need to see his identification\\".  Another example is when Kenobi is talking about the cantina and says to Luke, \\"This place can be a little rough\\".<br /><br />All in all, the original theatrical version from '77 is certainly one of the greatest movies of all time.  There's an old saying - if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  The 2004 enhanced version is fine and I like it, but it really was unneccesary because Episode IV - A New Hope was a classic to begin with.  George Lucas took advantage of modern CGI technology so he couldfinally make the movie as he originally envisioned it to be back in the '70s.  Unfortunately, it angers some people that he tinkered with it (including myself to a certain extent).  The argument can be made that he wanted the original trilogy (Episodes IV, V, and VI) to be more like the prequels (Episodes I, II, and III).  If you ask me, I think the prequels should have been more like the original trilogy as far as their overall look and feel, and the technology in the prequels should have been either lower than the original trilogy or at most at the same level.  I do like the prequels, though.<br /><br />Even though I like these 2004 enhanced edition releases, I must say that George Lucas is not only disrespecting the fans who like the original releases and made them the massive hits they were, but he's also disrespecting the hard work of all who were involved in the making of those fine films by replacing certain scenes with either CGI or what he \\"originally envisioned\\".  For example, a lot of people worked very hard on the special effects for the X-Wings and TIE fighters blowing up during the Death Star battle.  What did Lucas do?  He replaced those explosions with CGI explosions that he felt looked better.  I think the original special effects in the original movies were awesome, especially for that time period.  It was groundbreaking.  George Lucas needs to offer untouched but restored versions of A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return Of The Jedi to satisfy the fans who loved those movies and made them the classics they are, not to mention bought all the merchandise associated with the movies, such as trading cards, action figures, and Halloween costumes.<br /><br />This 2004 DVD has audio commentary by George Lucas, Carrie Fisher, Dennis Muren, and Ben Burtt as a special feature.<br /><br />I highly recommend both the untouched original theatrical version (especially if it's restored in the future) and the enhanced version of A New Hope.  The choice is yours.  Are you nostalgic or are you open-minded?y envisioned it to be back in the '70s.  Unfortunately, it angers some people that he tinkered with it (including myself to a certain extent).  The argument can be made that he wanted the original trilogy (Episodes IV, V, and VI) to be more like the prequels (Episodes I, II, and III).  If you ask me, I think the prequels should have been more like the original trilogy as far as their overall look and feel, and the technology in the prequels should have been either lower than the original trilogy or at most at the same level.  I do like the prequels, though.    Even though I like these 2004 enhanced edition releases, I must say that George Lucas is not only disrespecting the fans who like the original releases and made them the massive hits they were, but he's also disrespecting the hard work of all who were involved in the making of those fine films by replacing certain scenes with either CGI or what he \\"originally envisioned\\".  For example, a lot of people worked very hard on the special effects for the X-Wings and TIE fighters blowing up during the Death Star battle.  What did Lucas do?  He replaced those explosions with CGI explosions that he felt looked better.  I think the original special effects in the original movies were awesome, especially for that time period.  It was groundbreaking.  George Lucas needs to offer untouched but restored versions of A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return Of The Jedi to satisfy the fans who loved those movies and made them the classics they are, not to mention bought all the merchandise associated with the movies, such as trading cards, action figures, and Halloween costumes.       This 2004 DVD has audio commentary by George Lucas, Carrie Fisher, Dennis Muren, and Ben Burtt as a special feature.    I highly recommend both the untouched original theatrical version (especially if it's restored in the future) and the enhanced version of A New Hope.  The choice is yours.  Are you nostalgic or are you open-minded?
B003L77TZI|3.0|First off this a shameless pop album. If you are looking for great artistry and meaning don't pick up this CD. After all it smells like cotton candy and she is naked on the cover. But more on that later.<br /><br />The music itself is great catchy stuff. Some standout tracks are Circle The Drain, Firework, Not Like The Movies, and Hummingbird Heartbeat. Its nice to see that Katy Perry at least tries to be meaningful and write some songs that actually reflect on her life.<br /><br />But she is also a sellout. Most of this album is about ... SEX. I mean like 3/4's of it is about some aspect of sex. It's fine when its cutesy like in \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" or cool and futuristic in \\"E.T.\\" but it is just gross when she is obvious in the song \\"Peacock\\". Which has nothing to do with the pretty bird. That song doesn't even have any clever peacock references or analogies. Instead the song is about Katy begging a guy to see whats in his pants by chanting \\"I wanna see your peacock-cock-cock!\\" Its so gross and obvious. I was saying to myself \\"Like seriously? You couldn't be a little more subtle?\\". It's like the song was ripped off Ke$ha's next album. Although I bet she wouldn't even be that blunt.<br /><br />Another terrible song is \\"Last Friday Night\\" where Katy Perry lets all her inhibitions go and does some seriously stupid stuff. Some of the stuff she sings in this one song were blacking out, breaking laws, maxing out credit cards, having a threesome, and drinking to many shots. If she seriously did all this in one night she would be dead or worse, all over every tabloid. The message this song sends is terrible. It makes binge drinking and breaking laws into this glamorous fun thing to do. Her core audience is teens, and they will start thinking this is normal behavior with the way she is all blas&eacute; and carefree about seriously stupid behavior. This song is basically a copycat of Ke$ha's \\"Party At Rich Dude's House\\"<br /><br />Other than those two songs, I really like Katy's album, especially when she writes some more emotional songs. Her voice takes some getting used to though because it's unique. That's something I'll always admire is her quirky vocals.<br /><br />The music is great like I said, but the album art is sending a seriously wrong message. I mean she's naked! And her name nor album name is nowhere to be seen on the front. To me that says she just wants to be known as another hot soulless body. I like the up close picture of her face with those pretty eyes that's inside the CD. It would have been a way more flattering cover than just an overly tanned body in cotton candy. It's weird that she has a great \\"girl power\\" song called \\"Pearl\\" on her CD, yet the cover shows a woman who sees her body as the focal point of her career. Not to compare her to Ke$ha again, but even Ke$ha had a more self-respecting album cover.<br /><br />Anyway, if you liked Katy Perry before you will find that this album continues with great songs that fit her voice. Just be sure to skip over \\"Peacock\\" and \\"Last Friday Night\\"ites some more emotional songs. Her voice takes some getting used to though because it's unique. That's something I'll always admire is her quirky vocals.    The music is great like I said, but the album art is sending a seriously wrong message. I mean she's naked! And her name nor album name is nowhere to be seen on the front. To me that says she just wants to be known as another hot soulless body. I like the up close picture of her face with those pretty eyes that's inside the CD. It would have been a way more flattering cover than just an overly tanned body in cotton candy. It's weird that she has a great \\"girl power\\" song called \\"Pearl\\" on her CD, yet the cover shows a woman who sees her body as the focal point of her career. Not to compare her to Ke$ha again, but even Ke$ha had a more self-respecting album cover.    Anyway, if you liked Katy Perry before you will find that this album continues with great songs that fit her voice. Just be sure to skip over \\"Peacock\\" and \\"Last Friday Night\\"
0439023513|5.0|** CONTAINS SPOILERS **<br /><br />First of all I have to say, I loved this book.  I agree that the ending was dissappointing to a degree, but it's much more realistic.  And as much as I wanted that gushy romantic ending, I could tell very quickly in this book that it was not a possiblity.  One major complaint I do have is that Gale just seems to dissappear.  I wish we could have gotten a little more closure on that.  For the first 2 books, even with his limited appearances, I was routing for Gale big time.  But as this 3rd book started devleoping, I realized I was quickly changing my mind.  When Peeta is rescued and he tries to kill Katniss because he has been hijacked by the capitol... I very quickly realized I wanted him to love Katniss again.  That they were ment to be together and support eachother.  What they have survived together is so beyond anything Gale has to compete with.  Gale represented friendship and coming of age, but Petta was her rock, her comfort and support, her soul mate.  I do wish we got a couple more pages at the end, something a little more powerful between Katniss and Peeta.  Instead it was all summed up in about a paragraph.  But again... it's about war and how people are separated by it, not a love story.<br /><br />Also, I loved was how Suszanne Collins put in a lot of forshadowing and hints to what was to come in the final book... Like with Finnick and how in book two he tells Katniss that his lovers pay him in secrets... when he said that in Catching Fire, I thought it was such a stupid thing to say, and I thought his character was so shallow.  I loved how this line came back with a power punch in Mockingjay!  I think Finnicks death was the worst for me... sadly, even worse than Prims.  It was the only death that made me cry while reading.<br /><br />Lastly, some people keep saying that this book dragged on and on... I don't know how anyone can say that.  I personally, was rivited from beginning to end and could not put it down.
B003JTHESA|5.0|This is Maidens's best material in the past decade! It sounds like Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son but upgraded to the 21st. Century!!! Up The Irons!
0439023513|2.0|OOOHHHH! I don't even know where to begin. This book goes off the deep end right from the beginning. Katniss must have evolved into a completely different person from Catching Fire to Mockingjay. She loses all of her fire, which is what made her special in the first place. I could have understood her constant state of confusion throughout the first 3/4ths of the book if she would have figured it all out and really developped into her own. I don't understand the deaths of key figures in the book either. Usually when your reading a series prominent figures only die when there is a good reason for it. SPOILER!!!!! Why Cinna, Prim, and Finnick all had to die completely perplexes me. It seemed as if the book was heading in a good direction when she makes it into the City Circle of the Capitol only to have Prim die and the climax of the story just shut off. I don;t know what SC was thinking in taking the story in this direction. Peeta ends up screwed in the head for the rest of his life. Prim dies. Katniss is numb and never recovers. It's like the goals of all the main characters fail. It's as if SC never knew how the series was going to end and could never really make up her mind. It's so depressing and anti-climatic. You don't feel anything but disappointment at the end. It had developped for a great climatic finish with the desire to kill Snow and the feelings of mis-trust were there with Coin. I don't understand why she couldn't have completed her goal of assassinating Snow only to come to a final showdown with Coin for the country. Yea, it would have been a cliche for Katniss to rule the country, but it would have been better than the way it really ended. You could have even thrown a plot twist in there where Gale or Peeta died. I'm so perplexed. Maybe SC was going for different than the conventional ending. She achieved that, but there is a reason why so many movies and books have conventional endings. It's because people like when things end happily. People like when main characters develop to their full potential and complete their goals. I'M SO FRUSTRATED!!!
B003JTHETY|5.0|Stop reviewing this album for the product itself!, this is Maidens's best material in the past decade! It has a reminiscence of Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son but upgraded to the 21st. Century!!! Up The Irons!
0761536434|5.0|Wow, and I thought I knew something about video game history, obviously not after reading this book. This book is the Bible of video game history and information and I advise anybody who is involved in the video game world to read this book.
1601251505|5.0|There are already plenty of eloquent reviews here on amazon praising the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Core Rulebook, and rightly so. I won't try to retread the detailed analyses some have given, but merely comment on it as a replacement for the (now classic) D&D 3.0/3.5 edition rulebooks that many of us used and loved through the early 2000s.<br /><br />As we know these books are now out of print, which is largely why Paizo decided to create their own replacement books. But this book, along with the Pathfinder Bestiary and Pathfinder Gamemastery Guide, are more than mere replacements. They are a refinement of what was an excellent rulesystem.<br /><br />D&D 4.0 has its place, but in my opinion had it been named anything other than \\"Dungeons & Dragons\\" it would have failed miserably. It is floating by on its brand alone. Paizo created their Pathfinder brand from NOTHING, and look at the success it has got them. They have the second most popular tabletop RPG in the world right now, so if you are wondering why it continues to consistently rank in sales above the 4E core rulebooks here on amazon... believe it when I say there is good reason.<br /><br />I would recommend Pathfinder to anyone looking to upgrade from D&D 3.0/3.5e but wants to retain the same level of customization and power that those editions provide while refining some aspects of the game that did not work properly (like grapple, or fighters who can do nothing other than \\"full attack\\" every round, etc.) If you and your group wants something slightly more boardgame-like, or which has more of a \\"World of Warcraft\\" flavor to it, full of powers that have PCs *bamfing* Nightcrawler style across the battlefield at level 1, you may like D&D 4e better. For the new player, all I can say is: try both if you can. Pathfinder may seem a tad bit more difficult to jump into if you are a tabletop rpg virgin, but in the end it is worth it.
0307592839|5.0|In a summer of excellent fiction, Goon Squad is my favorite so far.I thought  Marshall's Thousand Autumns and Sheyngart;s Super Sad True Love Story were both terrific, but Egan managed the wonderful feat of bringing  a modern vibe and sensibility to Proust, more so than any book i can remember. She raised my expectations by quoting Proust in the forward and she met them entirely. Congratulations and thank you  to Jennifer Egan for writing a memorable, moving, and masterful novel.
B001BZF7P6|5.0|Aretha Franklin made it big with this incredibly wonderful soul album back in the day--and every song for download here still sounds wonderful! Aretha's voice is in excellent form here; and I love every minute of this music.<br /><br />The MP3 downloads start off with one of Aretha's greatest hits ever, \\"Respect.\\" \\"Respect\\" has an awesome beat; this tune is the best and Aretha sings it with all her heart and soul! The percussion is used very well and those backup singers harmonize faultlessly. \\"Drown in My Own Tears\\" is quite strong and memorable; Aretha gives this a most sensitive treatment again from the heart and she never skips a beat, either. \\"Drown in My Own Tears\\" has an excellent piano arrangement and it just doesn't lack anything--this music is all THAT good.<br /><br />\\"I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)\\" is excellent music by the great Aretha Franklin; she belts this out and she stays squarely front and center which is quite all right by me! \\"Soul Serenade\\" impresses me with its natural beauty; and I think you'll like this number if you haven't heard it before. How's about that brass? In addition, \\"Baby, Baby, Baby\\" gets the royal treatment from Aretha and the backup vocalists; this number has a great beat and it's perfect for anytime listening. The percussion and drums work wonders for this one, too.<br /><br />\\"Dr. Feelgood (Love Is a Serious Business)\\" features Aretha at her very best with a perfect musical arrangement as she sings; and I really like this song. \\"Good Times\\" has Aretha swinging gently as she delivers this tune to perfection--and beyond! \\"Good Times\\" is yet another gem; that electric guitar sounds so good. \\"Save Me\\" strikes me with its fine arrangement; Aretha makes this her own with a singularly beautiful interpretation. Sam Cooke's \\"A Change Is Gonna Come\\" shines brighter than silver and gold when Aretha handles it; and that's grand.<br /><br />We get three bonus tracks available for download. There's a stereo version of \\"Respect\\" that will amaze you just as much as it did me; and I like the stereo cut of \\"I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You).\\" The album ends wonderfully with the stereo version of Aretha Franklin performing \\"Do Right Woman, Do Right Man.\\"<br /><br />Aretha Franklin continues to enjoy great success to this day; and she will always rank very high in my book. She could sing out the phone book and I'd be standing there applauding her with a standing ovation, begging her for more! These songs as MP3 download files are clearly a must-have for any Aretha Franklin fan; and it makes a fine starting point for people just discovering Aretha's talent. It's also a stupendous set of songs for anyone who appreciates classic soul music.s much as it did me; and I like the stereo cut of \\"I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You).\\" The album ends wonderfully with the stereo version of Aretha Franklin performing \\"Do Right Woman, Do Right Man.\\"    Aretha Franklin continues to enjoy great success to this day; and she will always rank very high in my book. She could sing out the phone book and I'd be standing there applauding her with a standing ovation, begging her for more! These songs as MP3 download files are clearly a must-have for any Aretha Franklin fan; and it makes a fine starting point for people just discovering Aretha's talent. It's also a stupendous set of songs for anyone who appreciates classic soul music.
1439190275|5.0|Give it a try you have ALOT to lose, haha, clear, concise, but lots more receipes & easy to read infor on website. Still I am very glad I got this book, has alot of the \\"why things are the way they are with your metabolism\\" explained in it that you don't get any where else.
B003OJBWGK|5.0|This is by far my favorite album from summer 2010. Best Coast has so much talent and breezy melodies that I can listen to this album non-stop and not get tired of it. It's a wonderful album, if you are in the 'Summer Mood' or just want some fantastic new music, be sure to pick this one up.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|i will not bore you with reviewing a classic movie that everyone knows already.  This review is about the Blue Ray edition and how well it captures the movie.  The colors and sound or the re-mastered movie are as close as you can get to being in the theater. The pictures are a bit grainy at times but that is to be expected for such and old original.  I would have liked to see an edition that was formatted for wide screen even though that means cutting some parts of the picture off. Overall, this is a great rendering of a great classic.
B0039SFKSW|4.0|Omega is a very good listen.  I think in some ways it is a very diverse cd.  There are straight up rockers like \\"Finger on the Trigger\\" and \\"Holy War\\", plus some great moody stuff like \\"There was a time\\" and \\"End of the World.\\"  All the members sound great and the last song called \\"Don't want to lose you now is kind of an ELO ballad type song.  I think Omega is better than the previous release \\"Phoenix\\" becasue Omega is more interesting.  Lastly, it is easy to think that these songs are very easy to write and play but if you see Asia live, you can really appreciate how difficult these songs can be to play live.  For example, recently I saw Asia in concert and was amazed how hard the song \\"Holy War\\" was to play live.
0439023513|4.0|Of course people are going to be disappointed in this conclusion to a beloved series. Dancing Ewoks? Please. Rarely are we satisfied with the end of a story that nobody wants to end, even if we know it must. The task of the author is an onerous one: staying true to plot and character, but giving the people what they want.<br /><br />Collins has had an even trickier road to navigate with her trilogy. We have become invested in characters who operate in a world we may not like, which means ultimately we may not enjoy what happens to them. The parallels between her futuristic America and a decadent, desperate Roman empire are clear; just imagine if the Romans had national broadcasts of lions eating Christians in the Colosseum or of troops committing genocide in the far corners of the empire. Our current obsession with how the media warps reality has nowhere to go but into the realm of the ridiculous, which is just how 'Mockingjay' plays it: a ridiculously terrifying civil war is executed as a power play over the airwaves. The casualties are real, but, as Katniss Everdeen's lover Peeta asks about their internal landscapes, 'Real or not real?' In this future, both possibilities are feasible. Big Brother can alter your consciousness just as easily as He can control what you see on television.<br /><br />To be sure, the book has its faults. Katniss might be a badass, but she is often an irritating one. A character with few redeeming qualities has to really step up for her audience to want to travel on her journey with her. Does it work here? Somewhat. The bleak scope of the book makes Katniss's issues logical - why should she be happy or energized when her world is falling apart? The problem, though, is that no matter what, we want our underdog to be happy and energized, particularly in the face of the enemy, and the construct of 'The Hunger Games' trilogy isn't set up for that. Katniss is not Lyra Belaqua, nor is she Meg Murry. She's not even Hermione Granger. She is simply a product of Collins's world of pain, and maybe the truth is that we don't actually want to look into that future.<br /><br />'Mockingjay' is hard going. Collins's method of storytelling involves a lot of manipulation of ideas: something is presented, analyzed, refuted, doubled-back-on, agreed-upon and then twisted into something unexpected. There's a great deal of expansion and contraction of time; days pass with a word, and in the middle of a paragraph you'll realize monumental things have happened since the end of the the previous paragraph. This is not a read for twelve-year olds, and not necessarily because of the brutality of the imagery; it's because of the Cormac McCarthy-esque hollowness of our world's fate which is given to us.<br /><br />I'm not sure I would re-read this book with the frequency with which I re-read the first two novels in the series, but that doesn't mean it wasn't powerful. Perhaps it's my own insecurities that I don't want to face. Perhaps I'm weakened by the idea of war as a game. Whatever it is, Collins has found that weakness, just as Katniss's own frailties are exposed, and gone in for the kill.Collins's world of pain, and maybe the truth is that we don't actually want to look into that future.    'Mockingjay' is hard going. Collins's method of storytelling involves a lot of manipulation of ideas: something is presented, analyzed, refuted, doubled-back-on, agreed-upon and then twisted into something unexpected. There's a great deal of expansion and contraction of time; days pass with a word, and in the middle of a paragraph you'll realize monumental things have happened since the end of the the previous paragraph. This is not a read for twelve-year olds, and not necessarily because of the brutality of the imagery; it's because of the Cormac McCarthy-esque hollowness of our world's fate which is given to us.    I'm not sure I would re-read this book with the frequency with which I re-read the first two novels in the series, but that doesn't mean it wasn't powerful. Perhaps it's my own insecurities that I don't want to face. Perhaps I'm weakened by the idea of war as a game. Whatever it is, Collins has found that weakness, just as Katniss's own frailties are exposed, and gone in for the kill.
B003VANOFY|4.0|These are high quality headphones whose main drawbacks are some driver issues and immature product support.  For a new product such as this those negatives aren't unexpected.  Sound quality was great, ease of use was also great. Installation went smoothly but crashed at the very end, although without seeming to have an impact on performance. The surround aspect is fairly gimmicky but the noise isolation is good. The odd implementation of the off switch (hold on for five seconds however the light will stay on), having to dig through menus to switch between headphones and speakers and some incompatibility issues with media playback were annoying and in the case of the incompatibility issues a potential dealbreaker if the driver issues cannot be resolved.    Overall, these are great headphones, with clear sound, plenty of volume and a comfortable fit that remained comfortable during use.
0439023513|3.0|Okay, so I like others have read The Hunger Games and catching fire multiple times.  At the end of Catching Fire, I absolutely could not wait to find out what happened to Katniss and her friends.  When Mockingjay opens, I was a bit disoriented from the jump in time.  Although it wasn't a big leap, it was enough to make me wish that it had been  picked up right where it left off.    The book, overall was way too depressing and somewhat confusing.  A couple of things that I thought were going to come back, like the mayor's daughter or the refugees that Katniss saw when she was in District 12, Effie Trinket or Cinna.  Their storylines were resolved, but just with a mention or a realization of what had happened to them.  Something I was sort of hoping for was for Katniss to find her father.  I thought that maybe it would turn out that he had been working with the rebels in District 13 all the time that he was thought to be dead.  That when she got there, she would find him there and it wouldn't be perfect or anything, but she would have found him.      I think Katniss spent too much time recuperating in bed.  The last bombing, where Prim is killed was really disjointed.  I had to flip back and forth a bunch to figure out what the heck was going on.  It seemed unnecessary and at that point maybe it would have been better if Katniss had died too.  From all that she went through, it seemed sort of odd that she just went back to living and being in the meadow in District 12 with Peeta and her children.      I did want to be surprised with this book and I was, but not necessarily in a good way.  I will probably read the others again, and maybe even this one eventually but it didn't live up to the first two at all.
0439023513|5.0|I couldn't wait to read the final book in this trilogy and pre-ordered two copies.  I received them Tuesday afternoon and just finished the book.  My co-worker (the recipient of the 2nd copy) and I spent way too much time debating at work today and there will no doubt be much more discussion tomorrow.  I love these characters and reading the books can be so heart-wrenching because no one is safe.  There are plenty of surprises.  Everyone is a real person and everything is believable even in a sci-fi setting.  This is one of the few series that I need to own (in multiple formats) and that I do re-read.  Excellent work Ms Collins!
0439023513|5.0|Let's face it, a series is only as good as its last book. Is a kitchen towel drenched in my tears a good indicator of the quality of Mockingjay? I think it is, considering that I am not crying-over-books type. I think this book is a FANTASTIC ending of a FANTASTIC series.<br /><br />The book is lying next to me now, so deceitful in appearance, with its innocent, bright, cheerful cover. Who knew there would be so much darkness hidden between its pages, so much heartache? Mockingjay is indeed a DARK, DARK book full of deaths, sacrifices, torture, betrayal and despair, a book which takes you to a very disturbing but very real place.<br /><br />I have no doubt the novel will have thousands of readers livid, especially the crowd of readers who mistakenly think The Hunger Games trilogy is mostly dedicated to Team Gale/Team Peeta dilemma with some revolt thrown in as a picturesque backdrop. These books are about love indeed, but they are also about survival, freedom, and peace.<br /><br />I find it amazing that people are disappointed that Katniss doesn't take a Katniss-becomes-a-superwoman-and-takes-over-the-world-while-deciding-on-which-boy-to-pick route. How realistic is it to expect a child damaged by hunger, oppression, and violence she had to witness and take a part in, and thrown into the midst of all kinds of political intrigue, to achieve that? How many soldiers do you know who came out of a war unscathed or empowered by the atrocities they have witnessed? How many children?<br /><br />This is why this book has such a great effect on me. It takes a very difficult but honest route, portraying the infinitely damaging consequences of war (regardless of the righteousness of its cause) and Katniss's journey to stay true to herself and do the best she can. And the love triangle resolution. Truly, it couldn't have ended any other way.<br /><br />Is Mockingjay a perfectly written book? Absolutely not, it's not nearly as perfectly constructed or clear as The Hunger Games, but just like another imperfectly perfect successful series finale - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - it brings its message across in the most honest and powerful way possible.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins is a genius, she is fearless and I have a great respect for the gutsiness of hers that didn't allow her to settle for an ending all wrapped up in a pink paper with a perfect little bow. I am sure she knew that the faint of heart would be enraged. But she stuck to her guns and stayed true to her message and to her characters.<br /><br />The question now is how will I recover from PTSD of my own caused by Mockingjay? It will probably take me months and a score of Georgia Nicolson diaries to get over it. But I love this book anyway, in spite (and because) of all the pain it has caused me.<br /><br />Real.but just like another imperfectly perfect successful series finale - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - it brings its message across in the most honest and powerful way possible.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins is a genius, she is fearless and I have a great respect for the gutsiness of hers that didn't allow her to settle for an ending all wrapped up in a pink paper with a perfect little bow. I am sure she knew that the faint of heart would be enraged. But she stuck to her guns and stayed true to her message and to her characters.<br /><br />The question now is how will I recover from PTSD of my own caused by Mockingjay? It will probably take me months and a score of Georgia Nicolson diaries to get over it. But I love this book anyway, in spite (and because) of all the pain it has caused me.<br /><br />Real.
0060555661|4.0|A must read for any value investor. Finding companies that fit Graham's criteria will be nearly impossible in today's market, but still well worth the read.
0307454541|1.0|Grabbed this book after reading awesome reviews promising great mystery, political/media intrigue, hi-tech spying, great cover art, girls who kick butt, all in (rarely appearing) Swedish landscape and culture. Sounded Great!<br /><br />!What a mistake! This is a bundle of rape, molestation, pedophilia, sadism, torture, and beyond, wrapped in fancy paper. Can you say \\"Misogyny?\\"  Rape-revenge is a popular genre in literature and movies, appealing to immature male brains; the tag of \\"Scandinavian Noir\\" is just a euphemism for the truer label of rape-revenge. I have to question the mindset of those who love this book, can't put it down, quickly snap up the 2nd book in the series, and plan to see both the Scandinavian and the US movie versions of TGWTDT.<br /><br />There are enough horror stories of abuse in real life; we don't need to promote it in fiction. If you have compassion and sense, if you have children, if you have female loved ones, don't soil your mind with this cleverly disguised product of a disturbed mind. Don't spend your money on it; that will just encourage copycats.
0525951652|5.0|My review disappeared from these pages last week. I am reposting it now.<br /><br />Captivating epic tale!, August 5, 2010<br /><br />This is a fantastic epic, the first in a planned trilogy by the author of The Pillars of the Earth (now a miniseries) and World Without End. I simply raced through the pages, unable to put this book down even though it was a hefty nearly 1000 pages.<br /><br />The story moves seamlessly and logically, starting in 1911 and ending in 1925, and has a large cast of characters -- all so beautifully developed that the reader comes to care about each one -- the good and the bad. A helpful CAST OF CHARACTERS is provided at the beginning of the book that may be copied and used as reference, but it is really not needed as the reader is introduced to each and they are so memorable that it's easy to keep them straight. The families are American, English, Scottish, French, German and Austrian, Russian, and Welsh. There are Lords and Ladies, Dukes and Duchesses, Kings, Queens, Earls, Dukes -- even the servants, miners, and other assorted people populate this work of fiction. The author has also inserted real historical figures into the story, and their interaction with Follett's characters is very well done.<br /><br />Book one of the CENTURY TRILOGY is set in Europe before, during and after World War I. From a mining town in Aberowen, South Wales, to the drawing rooms of the privileged aristocracy in Russia, Britain, Germany, and to the War Room in the White House of Woodrow Wilson -- the narrative captivates as it tells the tale of the people involved in the conflict and their lives during this period of change in the world.<br /><br />The story is intriguing and complex, but eminently readable. The violence and gore that were present in Follett's previous works is absent here, and the action is fast and the storytelling fantastic. I have a fondness for historical fiction, and this work does not disappoint as the author has obviously thoroughly researched the era and has rendered it beautifully.<br /><br />I won't provide a detailed synopsis of this book since the product description on this page does that, but will say that it's a drama about life and love during these fateful years and I promise you that this will go down as being one of the best books you've ever read.<br /><br />I cannot recommend it highly enough and can't wait for the sequel! This book, however, has a very satisfying conclusion and can stand alone as you are not left with unanswered questions at the end! Historical fiction at its best.autifully.    I won't provide a detailed synopsis of this book since the product description on this page does that, but will say that it's a drama about life and love during these fateful years and I promise you that this will go down as being one of the best books you've ever read.    I cannot recommend it highly enough and can't wait for the sequel! This book, however, has a very satisfying conclusion and can stand alone as you are not left with unanswered questions at the end! Historical fiction at its best.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|The Lion King is a movie for all ages.  I cried like a baby.  This movie will always be a priceless collection
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I didn't think I needed this, but these are pretty cool.  They make it easier to trigger the bottom trigger since they extend out, but if you are gaming hard core they can pop off, but that hasn't happened to me yet.  They popped off when I dropped the controller the ground.
0425166805|5.0|I'm going to make this short and sweet because you have to get this book and read it.<br /><br />Open your mind.
B001ER4CNY|5.0|I recieved the set and it was a great buy.  My daughter loved it.
0439813786|5.0|I can't say how kids will react to this book, but I LOVED it.  The drawings are amazing and the story both magical and believable.  A page-turner for sure.  I know that *I* wanted to learn more about Georges Mlis and the early movies when I was done.  Bravo!
0439023513|5.0|Stunning. I cried on the last few pages, though the rest of the book had me moving quickly and wishing very much to just GET to the THE END to see how everything tied together and what the end results of the war would be. I wanted so badly to know what happened.<br /><br />I will give one warning...this book is much more intense than the first and not suitable for younger readers. This book takes place in the midst of a bloody war and Katniss experiences a great deal of emotional turmoil and depression. There are character deaths as well. Parents, read first if you or your children are sensitive to these things. This is NOT A YOUNG ADULT ROMANCE. Not by any stretch of the imagination, and it seems like a lot of readers expected it to go that way. This is a book about WAR, about humans killing humans for power, and how Katniss becomes a victim of the power-hungry.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins deserves high praise and honor for the final book in this series. She neither left us in throes of agony - though they were experienced - nor tied everything up in a pretty silver ribbon where everything is always happily ever after. (Even J.K. Rowling fell in to that trap!)<br /><br />I want to read the series all over again. I am very pleased with all of it - with Katniss in her imperfections, that Peeta has a backbone, that Gale - ever hungry for revenge - is put into a perspective that explains so much more about his relationship with Katniss.<br /><br />I hope they do these books some justice in the film. I hope Suzanne Collins receives lots of praise but not enough to harm her future writing. This is one series that I'm really glad ended, because the characters need a rest after all they went through.<br /><br />Can you tell, I'm just a little euphoric after finishing? :-) It's NOT an \\"entertaining\\" read, it's \\"thought-provoking.\\" It's serious. It's a warning and an exploration of what motivates people to rebel or seize power.
B002N57KG2|5.0|Very good quality product.  The DVD seems to be professionally done.  Well worth the money.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Season six is the culmination of the finest piece of entertainment ever created. The acting, the writing, the character development, the big picture, it is all there-- and perhaps the finest example of entertainment ever created. Even the vast majority of the little things that so many people complain about are actually there if you care enough to look. Season six is filled with some of the most powerful performances, and most incredible moments, ever to be broadcast in a fictional series. And although fictional, its real focus is on basic truths. Beyond wonderful.
006145205X|5.0|The Rational Optimist is a self-described contrarian view of the economy and economic development, from prehistory until now.  Author Matt Ridley is unabashedly optimistic about the future of humanity and makes a credible case for his view that humans will continue to progress throughout the 21st century, sustainability challenges notwithstanding. He refutes pessimists who believe that that the planet cannot support more humans than it already has by asserting that economic progress will continue through trade and technological advances.<br /><br />The way Ridley tells it, the story of human development is a story of increasing specialization.  In times when one person was more or less self-sufficient -- growing his own food, making his own farm implements, baking his own bread, etc. etc. -- people were able to maintain only a subsistence level of life.  There was no time to think, invent, write, read, make art or do any of the other activities that make up culture and civilization.  As people began to settle in groups, they learned to trade and buy things from one another.  This meant that one person needed to do only one or two things well; he could trade with other individuals for the things that he didn't produce himself.  The more that individuals traded, the more they could specialize, and the more free time they had to develop culture and, most important, to invent new technologies.  Eventually, we ended up here in 2010.  Thus, says Ridley, specialization and trade are the keys to civilization.  Always have been, always will be.<br /><br />His argument echoes some of the ideas put forth by Jane Jacobs in her wonderful little book, Cities and the Wealth of Nations, although Ridley's scope is far broader.  The essential argument remains pretty much the same, though.  People need to be in proximity to one another in order to create critical mass sufficient to begin a cycle of trading between many producers and many consumers.  There do seem to be parallels to this idea operating in today's economy.  It's a version of the argument put forth by the Bush Administration after 9/11: If Americans stop shopping, the terrorists win.<br /><br />One other feature of his argument that I also enjoyed is that Ridley describes the role that the media play in instilling public pessimism. The media,especially television, seek drama and controversy, which means that worriers and social critics usually get more play than a reasoned, rational spokesperson. Thus viewers are far more apt to see negative, even frightening, feature stories than they are to see more nuanced content.  Ridley cites a number of examples of doomsayers (Paul Ehrlich of The Population Bomb, for instance) whose prophesies Ridley claims never came to fruition.<br /><br />While critics will doubtless find much to criticize in this book, as did I, the fact remains that Ridley presents a well-argued case for believing in human progress, and for being optimistic about our shared future.  And his challenges to more conventional thinkers who forecast doom and gloom make for intriguing reading. This is a refreshing read and one or the rare books that I will keep in my library, and not pass along to the thrift shop.ing in today's economy.  It's a version of the argument put forth by the Bush Administration after 9/11: If Americans stop shopping, the terrorists win.    One other feature of his argument that I also enjoyed is that Ridley describes the role that the media play in instilling public pessimism. The media,especially television, seek drama and controversy, which means that worriers and social critics usually get more play than a reasoned, rational spokesperson. Thus viewers are far more apt to see negative, even frightening, feature stories than they are to see more nuanced content.  Ridley cites a number of examples of doomsayers (Paul Ehrlich of The Population Bomb, for instance) whose prophesies Ridley claims never came to fruition.     While critics will doubtless find much to criticize in this book, as did I, the fact remains that Ridley presents a well-argued case for believing in human progress, and for being optimistic about our shared future.  And his challenges to more conventional thinkers who forecast doom and gloom make for intriguing reading. This is a refreshing read and one or the rare books that I will keep in my library, and not pass along to the thrift shop.
B000069HJN|5.0|This is one of the THE BEST Supertramp albums. Plenty has been said praising the music, tone, sentiment, etc. And I agree with it all - this album is awesome. and let me also add that it is one of the best recordings of the time. That same year I bought Rush's Power Windows album which was their first digital (ddd) recording. Supertramps BWYB sounds absolutely as good and was recorded analog (aaa) for the cassette I had then. I remember being blown away at Gilmour's guitar clarity and the power of the drums. Then when I got the CD finally (not sure if it was 'aad' or 'add' at the time) it sounded even better again.  I also had noticed the recording quality on their \\"Paris\\" album in particular; you can hear so much subtility in their recordings. So tribute MUST be paid to the engineers of these albums. They take great music and make it sound even more magnificent.
0393075966|5.0|I got the book I ordered, it was very good and they sent it very fast.
B003W5C0VM|5.0|This filmed concert is suppose to be their best ever and yeah I got a crappy bootleg like many of us here. This concert was filmed back in the day when the Stones ruled, what more can I say. I pre-ordered a copy.
0439023513|3.0|If The Hunger Games and Catching Fire were like a roller coaster, Mockingjay is like having the wheels stop and the entire structure collapse from under you.  Except you don't fall with bang, you just lay there broken and bruised and so numb you can barely register - or care - about what just happened.    In the end, there was a resolution. And by that point, it was all I could really hope for.
B002VECLVO|3.0|If this movie didn't look so cool, there would be nothing redeeming about it.  It seems that everyone this decade believes that during the mid-20th century everyone was repressed and miserable.  \\"A Single Man\\" is no different.  But to top it all off, this over-the-top take is almost operatic in its tragedy.  The music score itself needs crackers to be swallowed.  All of the characters apart from Mr. Firth's are stereotypes which are totally unconvincing.  I watched it all, hoping that it would redeem itself in the end.  It doesn't.  I must say, that visually, it was great.  Just mute it and enjoy.
B0015D3YQI|5.0|In Switzerland, teenage girl Jennifer (Jennifer Connnely) is the daughter of a hollywood star has arrived to an all-girls school. Strange things have been happening, there has been bizarre killings by a homicidal maniac who hacks up young women and hides there bodies leaving some pieces of them for evidence covered in maggots. Jennifer has the unique gift of telepathically communicating with bugs and has been sleepwalking over the next days for her schoolmates thinks she is acting weird, she starts to notice some of the students being butchered. Jennifer befriends a kind entomologist (Insect scientist) named John Mcgregor (Donald Pleasance) from Scotland with chimpanzee assistant as they use her gifts to track down the killer.<br /><br />Shocking, chilling and original supernatural horror fantasy thriller from legendary Italian horror maestro Dario Argento who co-wrote, produced and directeed this cult fave. This is one of the earliest roles with Jennifer Connelly and boy she is a babe in this one as well in Labyrinth. The film is also a crime thriller that pre-dates \\"Se7en\\", \\"Saw\\" and \\"Silence of the Lambs\\"  but with some gruesome results that lead to a gory finale. The score by Goblin is chilling and the rock soundtrack by Iron Maiden, Andy Sex Gang and Motorhead is really totally 80's yet totally metal. If you want a scary, shocking and unique thriller then this i recommend.<br /><br />This DVD special edition has great picture and sound in it's uncut version away from the 1985 US release from New Line \\"Creepers\\". The extras are great such as audio commentary, a featurette, interviews especially a clip from the Joe Franklin show, music videos, bio and trailer.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|I L-O-V-E this cd collection. I am so late with the this review because I seem to only alert the fans about the bad stuff! But this cd collection is old- I think it came out in 2003... but it is priceless and gives a panoramic view of MJ from young to older. He is such a gifted artist and I believe in his gift! I love the unreleased material and still wondering why he never released \\"Fall Again\\"... its my favorite! His voice is so soothing and sweet. This is a must have! Even if your just an average fan.
0385737424|5.0|I read this book to my 12 year old daughter and we both absolutely loved it.  She recommended it to all her friends and they loved it too.  This book has a very real feel to it, yet somehow the notion of time travel is beautifully woven into the story.  That is the part that really hooked my daughter.<br />As I mom I loved that the main character experiences her first kiss in such a matter of fact way.  Her world did not revolve around having a boyfriend or being kissed.  It was just a part of her very full life.  A great model for young girls.
B001993Y3G|3.0|I enjoyed that movie, specially on a Panasonic 50 ''. The video transfer on blue-ray was well done. Except for few scenes, grains was not visible. The black point is the purchase of the movie. The price I paid AMAZON is in my wiew exhorbitant....
0143118420|5.0|This is one of those books that is worth owning. I first listened to it on an audio book, which was fine, but a little frustrating.  There were many nuggets of wisdom that I wanted to dog ear and highlight, share with my spouse and child, read again and again.<br />All that and a great story that I didn't want to end.
0385341008|2.0|I was really looking forward to reading this book, but from the first page I was disappointed.  It took 70 pages to get into the book and it is only 288 pages.  The ending was abrupt and I didn't think there was any real story or sustenance.  The concept was a real good one, but I thought a lot more could have been done with the book and the development of characters.  Interestingly, I thought it might just be me, but it seems that everyone I have mentioned this book to felt the same way - some didn't even stick with it - so I am somewhat confused as to why such positive reviews.  Oh well.
193413712X|1.0|I selected this book because of its Pulitzer Prize award.  I picked it up at our library on Monday and proceeded to get horribly sick. (No connection to the book!)  For the next four days of bedridden-driven indolence, I continually picked up the book, read a bit, and put it down.  It seemed as though nothing was connected.  I thought to myself, \\"It's because you're feeling horrible and running a temperature that you can't connect with this man's writing\\", so I put it down.  I am now well, have picked it up again, and once again have put it down.  My inability to derive any meaning or enjoyment from \\"The Tinker\\" had nothing to do with my illness and everything to do with the book itself.  I'm so glad my library was the one who spent money on this!
0143118420|1.0|Boring..... I kept waiting for something to inspire me... nothing happened.  This woman is so into herself that she has lost touch with reality.  The places that the author traveled to have sooooo much more to offer than she brought to the pages of her self serving book.  Shame on her.
B000XSLVN4|5.0|I couldn't find this album in any of my \\"usual\\" sources, including iTunes, so it was great to find it here new. It was shipped/arrived quickly and my daughters and I are enjoying the hard-to-find songs from it.
0596009208|5.0|I read this book and decided to get it although I definitely know Java basics. As I read, I saw that I got many things clarified. So, why do you need it?<br /><br />-If you got some moderate experience in Java, this will give you nice foundations in basically everything. I program some small devices and there are things I needed and always wanted to know HERE.<br />-If you are beginner, I can't think of better combo than Barry Burd's book and then this one. It will really make things clear and break any aversion towards JAVA.<br /><br />Lot of exercises with FREE solutions, lot of code and general 'try it your self attitude', a REAL brain friendly book. MORE IMPORTANT than Eckel's book, although Eckel's is more profound, but I don't wanna be Java developer.
B0032UYFA6|5.0|Were Breaking Bad (Season 3) not to win Best Drama this year (2010) I don't think it can win in the future. You just can't top this performance. Of course I said the same thing about Season 2. I am a huge LOST fan and have also enjoyed Mad Men. Honestly, as someone who has watched all of them, Breaking Bad stands far and above the others in terms of drama, intensity, comedy, and raw human emotion. Cranston and Aaron Paul are quite a pair who play their characters like no one else could. I envy anyone who has yet to watch any of Breaking Bad's fantastic episodes. If I could wipe my memory of it and do it all over again I would! Buy up the DVD guys, this is a television classic.
1400052173|5.0|This is one of those books you pick up and surprises you from the first page.  Immediately you are drawn into the story and can't put it down until it's done!
B0008ENHT4|5.0|Not much to say, I got what I ordered in a timely manner. Not hesitant to use same vendor again.
1401227821|5.0|Adam Hughes is one of the greatest draftsman to ever grace the comic industry. If one ever needs to justify comics as an art-form than just buy this book. Such command over line, form, color and his skill with Photoshop amazes me. He makes it look so damn easy.
0061245097|5.0|Antony and Cleopatra. Romeo and Juliet. Buffy and Spike. Cat and Bones.<br /><br />The first book, [[ASIN:B000W94FU0 Halfway to the Grave]], blew my socks off. This one blew my mind!<br /><br />Great unforgettable characters, action enough to make my man happy, the hottest Chapter (32!) EVER, and some newly revealed secrets. This is the recipe for an outstanding book that gets my 5+ star rating. No plot re-hash here. What you'll find under the covers in this one (sorry but I've got dibs on Bones muahahaha) is superb fun. You'll laugh, you'll gasp, you'll possibly want to go for a shag (and that's not carpeting guys!).<br /><br />Seriously - the continued adventures of Cat and Bones are everything you would expect. The plot just flies and the action will have you on the edge of your seat to find out what's gonna happen. When you finish the book you'll be picking up the next -so have it nearby or have the Kindle 3G!<br /><br />In my top 5 series of all time - it can take its place with Stephanie Plum, Eve Dallas, Harry Dresden and Kate Daniels anyday. BUY NOW!
B002UNMW7O|5.0|First off the redhead is \\"HOT\\" (Julie Benz)\\". The boys are forced to come out and clean the streets of vermin again. Excellent Job unlike a lot of films that use the computer and green screen way to much. Secondly \\"THE RED HEAD IS HOT\\". Maybe its her accent???
0061980269|5.0|I read this book back in the early 1960s when it was new.  The book changed my life for the better.  I just reread it and it is still powerful but I was surprised at how different it was than what I remembered.  My memory from high school is mostly about the trial.  When I reread it this year I saw much more of the brilliant writing and the interplay of the characters.  Part of the genius of this book is how good it is and how easy it is to read.
B001RTSPVY|5.0|This season is about the 2 cousins who worship an image of death and are out for revenge. You see how pure evil lives and how they are controlled. You also see the price walter pays for going to the dark side, murder is a survival instinct, and dealing drugs in a small town you are bound to meet your competition.   My favorite's are of course Walter but also Hank who not only acts tough but in the heat of the moment there's no one better.    PS; To the writers, please get rid of walters wife, in real life she would be two hot blondes.
0307454541|4.0|I was regretting this book all the way through the first quarter, thinking I had chosen a financial who-done-it. (Not my taste). But the beginning only serves to lay the framework for a three-volume thriller you will not want to put down. Trust me. It's worth it!
0684857219|5.0|A friend of mine had the first edition back in 1994 when I was young and just learning about bodybuilding and I have been looking around locally for it ever since. I was so glad that Amazon had it for a very reasonable price, and I bought it immediately. This is the book that pulled me through all those years and I will continue to swear by the methods and exercises that Arnold has put forward in here, THEY WORK, plain and simple. Face it, most of us aren't competing in any bodybuilding tournaments, we just want to look good on the beach, or in our fashion clothes, and perform well enough to enjoy our sports and games. A training guide like this is just what we need to ensure we do things correctly and utilize the most efficient way to attain our goals, while staying away from major injuries. I could write pages about this encyclopedia, but all I will say is that if you're serious about going down this road, this is all you'll ever need.
030745455X|5.0|This book, in my opinion, is the best of the trilogy because it addresses the things I like least about the other books (not enough Salander, insignificant political details, etc.)<br /><br />The plot races right out of the gate and hold you until the very last sentence.
0439023513|3.0|I so wanted to love this book.  So much so that I took the afternoon off from work to read it.  I knew if I waited until after work, I'd be up half the night trying to finish it.  But now that I've read it, I have to admit I can't love it nearly as much as Hunger Games and Catching Fire.  I am disappointed by the level of gore in this book.  They body count went beyond ridiculous.  Sure, the first two books had violence too, but they had something else to redeem it - Katniss's humanity and her deep love for her friends and family.  She seemed to lose all of that in Mockingjay.  She didn't seem to love anybody.  Indeed, the best part of Mockingjay was Katniss's visit to District 8 when she was able to fight for the helpless and inspire people.  I would like to have seen much more of that throughout the book.     It's almost as if the author, Collins, was so taken aback by the swirling excitement created by \\"Gale verses Peeta\\" in Catching Fire, she decided to completely kill that story line, which was probably the reason the vast majority of the readers wanted to read the book.  I heard Collins say in an interview after Catching Fire came out that Katniss was only sixteen and she didn't know what she wanted, as if being young made it impossible to have real feelings of love or rational thoughts.  I think that assumption was a mistake.  I was happy Peeta survived and ended up with Katniss eventually, but it wasn't because they loved each other anymore.  It was because they were both damaged goods and no one else could stand to be around them.  Not a very satisfying conclusion at all.      I'm sure Gale fans will be equally disappointed with his fate.  I think if the author wanted Gale to become a war-monger, she should have done it in a big way instead of never really answering the questions of \\"Is he? Or not? Did he? Or not?\\"  Do all dystopian novels have to have a grim ending?  Our hero triumphs, sort of, but not really because she's scarred forever.  She doesn't even save Prim, which was why all this started in the first place.  I'm sure it's meant to be an example of why war is stupid, but it doesn't make for satisfying fiction.  I'll always give Collins high marks for her writing skill, which is awesome.  There's no doubt she's extremely talented.  I just wish she had used that skill to show us how love really can overcome all odds.
030726999X|4.0|The Good:<br />- An amazing finish that ties up ALL the loose ends.<br />- A heart-thumping final third.<br />- The character development is such that you feel the main characters are friends. I was sorry to see the book end.<br />- Sandwiches.<br /><br />The Bad:<br />- Not enough Salander in the first half.<br />- Way too many political details that could've been significantly parsed.<br />- Too many new characters. Maybe it's because I can't register Swedish names as well, but the number of key players was a bit much.<br /><br />TIP: Don't let the 'bad' deter you. Just do yourself a favor: if you reach a patch that plods on-and-on about political crap from 30 years ago, skim it. Quickly. You won't miss anything. I can only attribute this to the likelihood that the book received the least editing of the three, since it was published so close to the author's death.
0891419063|5.0|It was not a story as much as a documentary on what took place at Peleliu and Okinawa, uncut, unedited and with the covers thrown back.  After reading the book, I had my good friend read it.  He was a jungle fighter in Greece against the Nazis and later became a US soldier.  His brother, it turns out, actually fought in Peleliu and Okinawa.  My friend broke down and cried because he now knew, after all these years, what his brother went through and how bad it really was.  He told me he wished he'd known this long ago.  That his brother had kept it all in and their relationship had suffered because of it.  To Mr. Sledge, my good friend, my own brother, Dave Latoria, John Veremis,  Jerral Hancock and all those who have served, I say I owe you a great debt of gratitude and Thank You!
B0034G4OU4|2.0|\\"Eat Pray Love\\" is a botch. There are some very pretty images onscreen of beautiful people lounging and engaging in shallow, narcissistic, pseudo-spiritual preening and posing, some nice, crunchy, flowing, draping, tie-dyed, robes and scarves, and some heaping plates of pasta gorged down by people with perfect teeth. It's like looking at a spiritually pretentious, multi-culti American Express commercial for two and a half hours. The travelogue scenes are undermined, though, by inappropriate camera work. Director Ryan Murphy uses a shaky, handheld camera, spinning scenes, and extreme close-ups. His cinema-verite style is very out of place with this material.<br /><br />Other than Richard Jenkins' performance, \\"Eat Pray Love\\" has not one second of integrity. It wants to be about the nature of love, the mystery of life, and the search for the transcendent. The main stars and Ryan Murphy, the writer-director, show no evidence of any depth or insight on any of these questions. I pity the fool who takes this film on as a spiritual guide or love guru.<br /><br />I'm not sure if viewers were supposed to have as much contempt for the characters as I ended up having. Was I supposed to regard Elizabeth (Julia Roberts) as a passive, parasitic, narcissist, coward, and tramp who slept with anyone who was almost as good looking as she? She's coupled with three men in the movie, and flirts seriously with two more, and they are all pretty enough for a travel layout in Vanity Fair. None has any discernable personality. The only reason Elizabeth has for hooking up with these guys is that he and she are the two best looking characters onscreen at any given moment.<br /><br />Even though Elizabeth embarks on a life-changing world tour, and does one charitable deed, she comes across as passive. Others in the film have lives; Elizabeth stands on the sideline, watching. She lives through others. This is especially evident when her Indian friend, Tulsi, is forced into an arranged marriage at age 17.<br /><br />I've met Hindu women in their forties and fifties who could still cry real tears over that moment when they came home and found the red sari and were forced to start producing children for a strange man they didn't know and didn't much like. This film treats forced, child marriage as just another chance for stunning wardrobe changes and shots suitable for a National Geographic spread.<br /><br />The multi-culti \\"It's a Small World\\" approach is morally grotesque, especially in a film that wants to be about searching for the big truths. In terms of the structure of the film itself, showing Julia Roberts, no doubt the tallest person there, hanging out at an Indian wedding just makes the character into a dilettante, someone the viewer finds hard to like.<br /><br />In addition to being shallow, the script is at times incoherent. I had no idea what was going on in the first twenty minutes of the film. I didn't know - and I still don't - what Elizabeth does for a living, how she lost all her money, as the film tells us she does, or how she got the money back. She appears to give all her money to her layabout (but pretty) husband; why? Couldn't she get a better divorce lawyer?<br /><br />Then she's off to Italy to eat pasta and tease a sexually frustrated language tutor and annoy traditional Italian matrons who don't understand her lifestyle choice; where'd this woman who just lost everything get the cash to do that? Viola Davis is compelling, but I have no idea who her character was or what she was doing in the film, except as a racial token, which is sad. I kept thinking how much better of a film this would have been had someone with Davis' depth been a main character.<br /><br />James Franco pops up as one of Elizabeth's lovers, but his entire, tedious and uninteresting segment could have been deleted, and nothing would have been lost.<br /><br />Elizabeth has a Balinese guru named Ketut. No idea whether we are supposed to take Ketut seriously or not. He is a fortune teller who repeats the same tired spiel to each new client: \\"You are a world traveler.\\" Mind, he's reading the palms of world travelers. He smiles without letup, which gets creepy.<br /><br />Had I not seen this film, I never would have known how bad an actor Javier Bardem can be when he has contempt for his project. As one of Elizabeth's boytoys, Bardem gives one of the single worst screen performances I've ever seen. He slums through the film with a phony, creepy smile on his face, the kind of smile that hides something. I was hoping that he might be a slasher; now that would have perked the film up.<br /><br />There are a couple of utterly phony scenes, one with an Aussie lad we could never believe is Bardem's son, one where Bardem invites Roberts to an island getaway, that are overcooked to scorching point - you can practically smell the phony emoting - and that cheapen the film beyond redemption. What was going on with the director? Did he not see what Bardem was doing?<br /><br />Richard Jenkins, as a soul-wrecked Texan seeking enlightenment, or at least the ability to sleep at night, is the one integral, worthy feature of the film. His character is real, and believable, so well-written I have to guess someone other than the main writer created him, and perfectly well acted.<br /><br />See a really brilliant film about a beautiful woman on an international quest for spiritual transcendence: Fred Zinnemann's 1959 \\"The Nun's Story\\" starring Audrey Hepburn and Peter Finch.ch new client: \\"You are a world traveler.\\" Mind, he's reading the palms of world travelers. He smiles without letup, which gets creepy.     Had I not seen this film, I never would have known how bad an actor Javier Bardem can be when he has contempt for his project. As one of Elizabeth's boytoys, Bardem gives one of the single worst screen performances I've ever seen. He slums through the film with a phony, creepy smile on his face, the kind of smile that hides something. I was hoping that he might be a slasher; now that would have perked the film up.     There are a couple of utterly phony scenes, one with an Aussie lad we could never believe is Bardem's son, one where Bardem invites Roberts to an island getaway, that are overcooked to scorching point - you can practically smell the phony emoting - and that cheapen the film beyond redemption. What was going on with the director? Did he not see what Bardem was doing?     Richard Jenkins, as a soul-wrecked Texan seeking enlightenment, or at least the ability to sleep at night, is the one integral, worthy feature of the film. His character is real, and believable, so well-written I have to guess someone other than the main writer created him, and perfectly well acted.     See a really brilliant film about a beautiful woman on an international quest for spiritual transcendence: Fred Zinnemann's 1959 \\"The Nun's Story\\" starring Audrey Hepburn and Peter Finch.
0812932293|5.0|Great book,  telling the story from start.  only wish there were an updated version!  est. 2010  Truly an incredible man/biz.  From record deals to building an Airline Empire.  A must read.
193413712X|2.0|I believe I read that President Obama selected this book at a bookstore on his summer vacation. I downloaded it on my kindle after reading some of the comments here just to see for myself despite some of the reviews. I was lost half the time. I wanted to love the book, wanted to get to know the characters but it was at best patchy and without a real plot. The only interesting part, way at the end of the book is unfortunately, at the end of the book. Just could not recommend this book.
B00009W0U4|5.0|I remember watching this on a big screen at the cinema!! If its shocking on dvd, imagine on a big screen!  Anyway, the only thing i did NOT like was that NOBODY could believe that such a beautiful woman as Monica Belucci could date such an ugly guy. And later I found out they are married in real life!  By the way: I just watched on my dvd for the 3rd time in several years, and found out its not right guy who gets the revenge after all! (the one who rapes Monica B)  And for those who think the rape scene is explotation: I think it actually helps MEN REALIZE HOW TERRIBLE A RAPE IS. Once you watch that with such realism you understand how bad of an experience it is for a woman.  Kudos for Monica Belucci for being such a brave actress as to act an endless rape scene, no cuts. Not very many would dare to go through that.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|This miniseries is as close to being embedded with some of our military without the real gore. This war is not covered enough in our media to make people realize how horrific it is for the soldier's fighting it. The cinematography and acting is very realistic. It is a depiction everyone should be  made aware of.
B00005JNS0|4.0|My 2 year old son loves toy cars, but could never sit through the whole movie.  I like it.  Maybe he's just too young for it...although he loves the movie happy feet, and could watch it three times straight if you let him...
6304698623|5.0|The DVD arrived in perfect condition.  We ordered it for our little grandaughter and she has reslly enjoyed it.  We don't order many items online but, when we do we always check Amazon first.  Amazon is a very efficient company and their products are first quality items.
1565115147|5.0|A great audio adaptation of a great book. I listened to it on my commute to work.   I have the actual book, but had no time to sit down and read it. If you are very busy, audio versions of books really work well.
0439023513|5.0|With Mockingjay, Collins takes her Hunger Games trilogy to the next level. This book isn't another glossy, action-packed adventure; it's a gritty and unflinching portrayal of what it truly means to be at war. I'm not going to lie--it's one hell of a tough ride, and it's definitely not everyone's cup of tea. I've talked to a couple of people Mockingjay and most of them either loved it or they hated it. Here's what it seems to come down to:    DON'T read this book if you're simply looking for a good-triumphing-over-evil, pat, happy ending. You're not going to find that here. Seriously, turn back now.    DO read this book if you're willing to be challenged by a messy, complicated, and very realistic story about a damaged seventeen-year-old trying to negotiate her way through a bloody revolution. This book is dark and difficult and, even though there is some hope at the end of it, it's definitely not the kind of story that will leave you with a case of the warm fuzzies. That being said, I'm so glad I read this, because it was absolutely worth it.
078322737X|5.0|Well, let me run through the plot line for those who are not familiar with idea behind the film, or are too young to have a clue as to such goings-on but might want to know what the old fogies, their parents or (ouch) grandparents were up to (or thought they were up to) back in the days, or are the peers of those 1960s baby-boomers enshrined in the film, but have forgotten a thing or two since they watched the thing in 1973 (another ouch).     The opening scene sets the whole film up. A very spiffy, well-dressed, well-scrubbed, well-mannered (mostly), middle class crew of 1962-era Southern California suburban valley kids with plenty of disposable income at hands, are gathering for one last tribal meeting before they go their separate ways in the great adult grind-it-out, eyes-straight-forward, shoulder-to-the-wheel, little boxes world at their main club house, Mel's fast food drive-in (already I have lost the younger set on that last point, on the non-mall food court, drive-in thing, right?). How did they get to said gathering spot, you might ask? Come on now, this is wide open-spaced California suburban valley how else would they get there other that in their own personal \\"teen mobiles.\\" Jesus, do I have to tell you everything.     They come in one and twos, mainly, in some of the best-looking \\"boss\\" car (excuse my reversion to an old-time term for excellence, automobile division) that you will see these days outside of an automobile museum. And besides that, many of them, the cars that is, are \\"souped-up\\" (look that one up yourself), especially valley hot-rod-king of the hill, John (played by Paul LeMat), and his yellow (mustard yellow, wow, can you believe that?) little deuce coup (ditto on the look up). Here is the point though, the main point even in this pre-1960s rebellion period, none of the cars look anything like any parent would drive, or could drive (except the few dweeby cars borrowed for the evening from some plaint, or beaten-down, beaten down by teenargument parent). Yes indeed, this is a gathering of the California branch of \\"youth nation\\" in all their tribal finery.    As is to be expected of a teen-centered (amazingly teen-centered, adults get merely cameo appearances in this one, and that seems about right) drama the plot line thins out considerably after the flash at Mel's. Mainly, it is about a single night's search for the 1962 version of the California blue-pink night (more on this below). And what drives that search?  Cruising, natch. Why spend the time and expense involved in a \\"boss\\" car (you know that word now, right?) if you don't create a stir up and down the main drag boulevard looking for.... , you can easily fill in that blank yourself. The rest of the plot centers on such eternal questions as the young leaving home and hearth to face the great wide world (here to be or not to be a college freshman by stars Ron Howard, as Steve, and Richard Dreyfus, as Curt), the usual boy looking for girl thing (including by oldster hot-rod king, Johnny) that I have endlessly reported on elsewhere in this space and that is not worthy of comment in a teen film. What else could such a film be about?  Teen break-ups (Howard and Cindy Williams, as Laurie), cruising, stopping at Mel's for some car-hopped fast food, cruising, a little hot- rod duel ( between Johnny and, ah, one Harrison Ford) on those open California highways (what else are they for?),  and then daylight and the rude old work-a-day world intrudes, even on sanctified teen life.     This is one time though that I do not do justice to a film with a summary because this thing is well-directed, well-produced, and well-acted by a crew of then very young unknowns (mostly) that would go on to all kinds of other cinematic successes (including hot-rod runner-up, ah, Ford). The sense of dj vu for this Eastern U.S.-born baby-boomer, including a great high school dance segment and a soundtrack that reads out of every classic \\"Oldies But Goodies\\" compilationthat I have ever reviewed, was palpable, without being maudlin. Kudos
0439023513|4.0|I'm giving this four stars not because it wasn't a good book, but as an average.  In terms of entertainment and what I expected and craved based on the first two books, it only scores a three.  That was the part that disappointed my romantic-idealist self; I'm not even talking in terms of the Katniss/Peeta/Gale triangle.  It is the part that satisfies my pragmatic-realist self (that I usually try to cover up) that scores five stars.  To those who are looking for a Twilight/Harry Potter relatively happy ending with a few minor losses--prepare to be disappointed.  This takes on the qualities of my English AP novels:  disturbing with insight into human nature.  I had forgotten how Suzanne Collins deals differently with her characters.  This book transcends YA fiction, even pushes the limits of dystopian fiction.  Although it's ridiculous for me to be writing this review anyway--if you have come this far in the series, there is only one option you will take.  Just make sure you read the book when you don't have to be pleasant to other people for a couple of days.    ***********SPOILERS************    Characterization:  Another reviewer has professed their disappointment that Katniss' journey did not reflect the revolution's journey.  I disagree.  I think her journey reflects it exactly, as well as giving insights into human nature.  I had always been a little frustrated with Katniss' characture, and now I know why.  If anyone could personify the human race, it is Katniss.  Strong and always fighting for survival (of herself or others), yet a pawn of circumstances.  Plot:  Good, if depressing page-turner.  I read it for hours on end and cried when it was over.  I think I alarmed my mother when I tried to explain why I was so upset, so I retreated to my computer to vent to people who would understand.  Depth:   Until this book I have been a bit disappointed with Suzanne Collins.  Part of the point of dystopian fiction is to dive into moral questions and analyze possible outcomes of where we are headed now.  This was mostly lacking, with black and white issues in the first two books.  Here it becomes more muddled.  Now I find my self asking the question:  was it better with the ordered society with what in retrospect is relatively minor issues and most personal freedoms, or with the revolution killing huge swaths of innocent people to set a supposedly better government up?    Supporting characterizations:  Here Collins strips away the facade of people.  Katniss' (and our) original perceptions are generally wrong.  Some of the people who appeared strongest are actually the weakest.  Collins reveals different facets of the darkness of human nature: greed, vulnerability, loneliness, etc.  Finnick particularly impressed me.    This book separates itself from popular YA fiction that we forget within the week to move on to the next appealing series.  It will not leave you with a hollowness rather than a warm fuzzy feeling.  Suzanne Collins has a way of gripping you and forcing you to face the characters' pain.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This bag is great.  I've been using it for a week now, and it's perfect for what it's being used for.  I am a photographer for a university band during football season and needed a larger, comfortable bag that I can wear all day and this fit the ticket.  Perfect for walking to/through campus, around the stadium, and it holds all the gear I could hope to ever have with me.  My only complaint is the upper chest strap isn't placed very well for me (chokes my neck) but I wouldn't wear it anyway (note:  I'm a 5'6\\" 130 lb female).  Also, the velcro partitions on the inside seem to get kind of loose sometimes.     Overall, an AWESOME bag.  Tons of space.. I can collect all my freebie loot at the games, carry a poncho, my wallet, keys, and phone, along with all my gear.  Tripod straps on the sides (which I use to fasten a sport water bottle to my bag), velcro pockets on the outside are great for lens caps and cell phone.  2 seperate zippered pockets, and waterproof pockets on this inside.      Buy this!  A+
B003L16FAE|5.0|This movie looks brand new... I couldn't believe my eyes at how clean it looked. There is some very, very small grain left and even some black spots. Overall this movie is the one to own if you want crystal clear HD picture and sound.     I can't wait for more movies to use this new cleaning process. Because that's when I will start building up my BR collection.     Recommend this to anyone that doesn't want big giant HD film grain on their screen. Don't worry, the people don't look like wax like videophiles want you to think. Maybe if you stare at the screen caps for hours instead of watching it in motion... You would come to that conclusion.
0545123275|5.0|You've GOT to read this book!  Fantastic!  Don't forget to get LINGER...the next one in the series.  Got here quickly and in great condition
B003L20IE2|5.0|Before I get to the plot let me say I'm a bit of a fan girl of both Edgar Wright and the Scott Pilgrim series but I will try and be unbiased as possible. So what is there that can't be said about Scott Pilgrim it is one of the closest and best book to film adaptation I have ever seen. It is one of the most original films I have ever seen and has some of the best directing and visuals ever. That's out of the way, onward. Scott Pilgrim is a 22 year old slacker, who is in a band (sex bob-omb)lives with his super cool gay friend Wallace and has a high school girlfriend it all goes well until he meets Ramona Flowers and becomes obsessed with her. Now she likes him to so the story and can end there and become a cliche right? wrong Ramona has seven evil ex boyfriends that if Scott want to date her must defeat. That is the plot as simply as I can put it.     This film should be seen now in theaters but will become a cult classic and bigger when it hits dvd and blu ray. Scott Pilgrim is not for everybody keep that in mind. If you have never touched a video game or comic book in your life you probably won't get/like it. If you don't like Micheal Cera give him one last chance with this movie because if you don't watch a movie because of an actor you can seriously miss out on something you might love. So go check it out read the comics first (I think it adds more to the movie because of how close it is) and see what everybody is talking about it's well worth it. Plus it's pretty funny.
B001E75S8C|1.0|I can't imagine any intelligent person getting ANYTHING helpful from the material presented in this video.  While Mr. Fraser seems to have a following, he simply doesn't present the information in a step-by-step, rational, scientifically informed approach.  This man is a charlatan.  For something useful and worth your time/money, consider buy Barbara Lister-Sink's \\"Freeing the Caged Bird.\\"
B002ZG98M8|4.0|So this new predators could have been atrocious. It could have been done as poorly as the Alien Vs Predator series but low and behold this film was incredibly good. It was a nice throw back to the original Predator which was a cheesy film with two future governors in it, laden with so bad it's good one liners. This new film is kind of the same cheesy dialogue but good fun all the same. It reminds you why you fell in love with the first one.     The plot is basically a group of people chosen for some reasons (find out for yourself)get thrown on a other planet which they quickly find out is a game preserve for you guessed it Predator. Come to find out there are more than Predators on this planet there are some other creatures the Predator brought to this planet for them to hunt. For the most part that is the basic plot and that's all I will write. From the very beginning it's non stop action with a small scene towards the end that slows things down. The acting and action are both excellent and what you would expect if you go in not expecting a Oscar contender but simply expecting a fun follow up to a great action film.
B002VPE1Z2|3.0|I was pleased to receive this, it was adequate and served it's purpose, my camera fit into the case fine, it was soft and comfortable to wear, but overall I found it to be average, and  nothing special.
B003TEO3EI|5.0|I'm new to Blind Guardian.  I stayed away from them because I heard that they are a fantasy metal band.  I'm not a big fan of fantasy metal and Lord of The Rings type lyrics so I passed on them for years.  I heard this album and I was blown away.  Also they sing about other things so what I was told was misleading a bit.  That's what I get for not listening for myself.  This album is great though.  Thrash/Power Metal with a progressive flare.  I enjoyed this album a lot.  I have to listen to it every day so that says something to me.  I went back a listened to the previous albums and this one is superior to the two previous albums.  It looks like they were trying to find their way to become contemporary and still keep the old school feel on the last two.  Well on this album they achieved that balance.  Production is great and every song feels like and epic adventure with all the layered voices and choir background.  Keys are great to hear and add a lot to the atmosphere of the music.  Makes this album sound larger than life and that's what I like to hear.  One problem though.  Hansi K&uuml;rsch is not a great lyricist and it shows in the lyrics but this guy is an AMAZING lyrical composer.  These guys have some catchy hooks that don't sound cheesy at all.  I'm a Blind guardian fan for sure now.  \\"Ride Into Obsession\\" and \\"A Voice In The Dark\\" will kick your butt.  They are awesome songs and the best on the album.  If you don't feel like singing the hooks then you are not a real fan.  Just kidding.....LOL.  They got me singing though.  \\"Sacred Worlds\\" is an epic beginning to the album.  Great song.  Check the Keys on this song.  They are superb.  Other songs are great as well (*Control The Divine) but these three are my favorite.  Well done Blind Guardian.  Old and new fans of this band will be pleased with this offering.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|How can you not love a movie when it starts off with a woman reading a book, completely distracted by her intellectual pursuits? Then imagine this woman walking with vibrant piano playing in the background and her dress flowing in the breeze. Put her in an idyllic country setting and then set up an impossible romance. Then surround her with four lively sisters who love to dance and live for the faintest moment of romance. There are so many scenes in which these women amusingly listen at doors or giggle while discussing men. It is simply made even more intoxicating when these women engage men in witty banter. Truly, Elizabeth is a radiant delight. There is one scene where she expresses her utter disdain for Mr. Darcy and they almost kiss. The tension is unbearable but I completely adored every minute of it. To top it all off, this movie is so superbly filmed it makes other movies pale in comparison. The timing in every scene is impeccable and the precision is an absolute wonder to behold. This is now my all-time favorite movie. It is just indescribably beautiful. This is truly a movie I will enjoy again and again. Thank you to the friend who sent this to me for my birthday! What a lovely surprise. If I could give this movie 100 stars I would!<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
B003JTHESA|5.0|With such a contrast of every song to the other ,the melodies,the harmonies and the lyrics truly a creative masterpiece.The Isle of Avalon simply put---WOW Definitely worth the time and money BUY IT!!!!!!!
B001DHXT1G|4.0|Fun movie, great visuals, looks good on Blu Ray.  Can't say a lot more than what has already been said.
B00337KM2S|4.0|I'm not a big George Clooney fan, so I didn't have high hopes for UP IN THE AIR. But, I am happy to report that I was pleasantly surprised. Clooney plays a professional employment termination specialist. He has become so accustomed to life on the road, he dreads any days at \\"home\\" off the road. Clooney is very good in the lead role and Vera Farmiga and Anna Kendrick both turn in great supporting performances.
B000B8QF14|5.0|Love this DVD!  Seller shipped it quickly and in perfect condition, price was great!
B001IAOEXU|3.0|They're cheap plastic attachments to add triggers to your PS3 controllers.  They snap on securely, are easy to take off, and they mimic the OEM style, with the proper numbers and textures on them.  If you have a problem with your fingers slipping off the L2 and R2 keys, these will fix that.    However, game designers know that the L2 and R2 keys are not proper triggers like on the Xbox 360, so they design their games to use L1 and R1 instead for aiming and shooting respectively.  Thus, you rarely use L2 and R2 keys in shooters, but these will help for driving games.    Unfortunately, these do not increase the comfort of the PS3 controllers.  They're not uncomfortable, but they won't give your PS3 controller the ergonomics of the Xbox 360 ones.  Sony really dropped the ball there.  I love the bluetooth connectivity and rechargeable battery, but the Xbox 360 controllers are much more comfortable to hold and use, and these triggers won't fix that issue.    If you find your fingers slipping off the L2 and R2 keys, get these to fix that.  If not, you don't need them.
B001E75QH0|4.0|Great service for sure, my grandson is enjoying the movies sent to him. Thanks---
B00006BTCA|5.0|Man, what more do you want?  Listen to a few samples and buy it.
B000FBFN0Q|1.0|Kinsella's novel starts off with a series of letters and delves into the superficial and self-absorbed shallow pool of Rebecca's thoughts. Without even reading the whole book the plot promised to be forumlaic and predictable. I couldn't get past the second chapter. This book is absolute rubbish - nothing more than the literary version on inane teenage chatter. The author goes into exhaustive detail on Rebecca's shopping obsession to build up a mini internal-conflict. For me, it wasn't at all rapturous. After a few more pages I didn't care whether she got the scarf or not. The prose is far short of witty, charming or even cute and instead stumbles on into insipid.    Reading this book probably dropped my IQ a few points.
B000VDDWDS|5.0|This movie really reflects navel life at sea. The way it was filmed and acted was so real life and believable. The words that were filled with sea tanged royal marine life, felt as if you were beside the men manning the deck, paving the way for a battle upon the high waves of the ocean, near some mysterious tropical island or remote tossing about like a toy on a world of water. The movie fills the screen with two excellent actors, one is Russell Crowe and the other his name forgotten, yet his skill in the performing arts shines. The movie reflects the camaraderie of the men and their well founded esteem for the capitan and the doctor. There are men of all ages, the youngest being pre-teen. They all are excited to be serving the crown, fighting against the French fleet. The movie is about the cat and mouse pursuit between the Surprise manned by the Brits and the Avature bespoken by the French. Russells ship or Captain Jack's ship is not as well made as the stronger faster rival. The movie shows the chase and their strategies in finally meeting and fighting for the prize. The images in the film are so beautiful with color and the desire to be in that moment. A sumpetious feast of symbolic brilliance. The crashing waves filled with dark mystery. The bounty floating below the wooden rails, ships brimming with perfumed fruit and lovely native men and women selling their wares. I loved the scene where the men share their dinner, young and old with anectadotes of their travels and meetings with important others. The crystal and the silver, the meals prepared by the grouchy cook. The nautical equipment was visually attractive to look at and creating imaginings of yourself in that experience. The music and the friendship displayed by Stephen the doctor and the captain. Their respect for one another, tested by the lessons of life. I especially liked the expeditions journied by the doctor learning about faraway lands and animals that had not been logged in books. His drawingsand his discoveries plus his knowledge at doctoring patients, crusty with salt and young with beads of sweat. The sweltering heat when the sails sat still as did the ship upon the smoothed over wrinkles of the deep blue. The grand adventures that came from their voyages, like the Gallpagos Islands fed my yearnings for faraway places. Bon voyage.
0143116738|5.0|A must read for every parent and teacher.  It wouldn't hurt anyone in the corporate world, either.  Nicely written.
B003L20IDS|5.0|By now, you've heard the news.  Gamers, nerds, hipsters, outcasts, and cult entertainment fanatics all love Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.  Amazing visuals, killer action, countless nostalgic and timeless pop-culture references, great music, and a purely kinetic and fresh style of filmmaking thrown together into a brand of romantic comedy that will make you cheer instead of gag for a change.  There were moments in this film where I was literally giddy by the wonderful things I was seeing and hearing.  Only potential public shame kept my rear in my seat and my big mouth closed.  Things like the clever use of classic video game music for soundtrack moments, a spontaneous Bollywood-style music number featuring a villain flanked by a troupe of demonic hipster girls spewing flames, enemies who shatter into coins when bested, and the outstanding visual exaggeration of the sounds using comic book sensibilities to illustrate the noises within the film's world simply makes this movie completely irresistible to gamers, comic nerds, otaku, and anybody who just wants to have a good time.  When it comes to comic book films last summer, Scott Pilgrim vs the World gets the high score, hands down.<br /><br />Amazingly, as an adaptation of the charming minimalist graphic novels that make up the Scott Pilgrim saga, this one score an epic KO.  The sensibilities and humor are captured perfectly and even most of the characters resemble their pen-and paper counterparts.  What the film skips in character development (which is a lot) is added back to the story in bombastic music and visuals.  All of the things that couldn't be properly presented in graphic novel form are cranked to the max for the movie and this is what makes Scott Pilgrim vs. the World an amazing big budget adaptation of a very low budget comic.  And the addition of animated flashbacks that look as if they were ripped straight out of the pages doesn't hurt either.  This is definitely how you adapt a cartoonish comic to live action.<br /><br />Now, the Super Mario sound effects, indie rock, anime devices, comic book tropes, and over-the-top combat alone are enough to sell a movie like this to me and those like me (all five of you), and on this superficial level the movie excels, but there is much more.  Most of the reviewers -kind as they've been- seem to have missed the heart and soul of the story.  Scott Pilgrim's battle is first and foremost an allegory for a struggle many young couples go through in the early stages of their relationship.  In this case, our hero meets the girl of his dreams and finds he must conquer her \\"7 evil exes\\" in order to date her.  Only once he overcomes his intended's past can he hope to accept her as she is and be a part of her future.  This is a core issue at the heart of a great many relationship issues and it's one that few people seem willing to acknowledge.  We all feel like idiots for being insecure about how we may stack up to our significant others' past loves, but that feeling is always going to be there causing problems until you can find a way to do away with it forever and simply accept your love as a separate entity unto itself.  The metaphor of Scott's battles played out in an entertaining and nostalgically familiar manner give this story a wicked one-two punch of genuine heart and madcap fun.  It works on the shallow level of pop-culture references and amazing visuals, but this is clearly a film with a vital and relatable social message as well.<br /><br />Okay enough about the boring stuff.  Scott Pilgrim features a very charming cast (although Michael Cera's typecasting is beginning to grate.  A lot.) that do a wonderful job of bringing the characters to life, but the aspect that stands above all others has to be the soundtrack.  In addition to fighting his ladylove's exes, Scott is also engaged in a battle of the bands tournament as the bassist for Sex Bob-omb, whose fuzzy lo-fi sound (and songs written by Beck) generate massive amountsof sonic energy to accompany some of the more climactic scenes.  My favorite musica; moment has to be the use of the \\"game over\\" music from an old Zelda game that was unexpectedly delightful.  Talk about taking me back.  That was just outstanding.  So was the background usage of the Rolling Stones \\"Under My Thumb\\".  There are also some band showdown scenes to rival anything rock-related that has ever been put up on the silver screen. And the snarky humor is wonderful.  If you've ever wondered what happens should an obnoxious vegan accidentally ingest an animal product (the world doesn't actually end as some may think), then you may bust a gut at one point in a moment of glorious commentary on trendy pseudo-politics.  This film hits you hard from all angles.  Picture Tenacious D, Kick-Ass, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Clerks, and Kung-Fu Hustle having an orgy on top of a pile of old Nintendo Power magazines, and you'll have some idea of what to expect when you see Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.  SOME.<br /><br />While this is simply a must-see film for anybody with even a vague interest in geek culture, it's not quite perfect and probably won't appeal to the self-aware pretentious film critic type, proper ladies who need shopping montages and steamy idealized love scenes in their movies of choice, or the \\"dude-bro\\" contingent awaiting the next Michael Bay joint so much.  Sorry, no Oscars or opening weekend records for you, Scottie boy.  The object of our hero's affection, a sexy but standoffish girl named Ramona who changes her hair color every week-and-a-half, is indeed an intriguing lady, but not nearly as likable as she should be (and is in the comic).  The fact of the matter is we the audience are never really given a reason to love her like Scott does.  We love the poor little geek girl Scott dumps for her (and with a name like Knives Chau, how could you not love her?), but Ramona herself is aloof and undeveloped.  Throughout the film she remains somebody we'd simply like to get to know better who should try smiling once in a while. Rammy's inherent charm is the biggest thing lost in translation from comic to screen. Generally speaking, before one goes all in slaying all of the relationship demons at the expense of our short-term mental health, one should first be assured that the prize is one worth fighting for.  But considering how inventive and wonderfully entertaining this film is, you've got to let that one slide.<br /><br />Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is pure joy for the young-at-heart and yet another gift from the man who brought us Shaun of the Dead and Spaced.  It's got some of the greatest sights and sounds out there and does an amazingly concise job of condensing a very long and involved story into a single spectacularly fun motion picture. And for once, most of the changes made from the source material don't detract from the story.  In fact, the most awesomest (hooked on phonics didn't work for me) scene in the film never even happened in the comics. So big love to Edgar Wright for bringing one of the most beloved comic sagas of the last decade to life in mind-blowing fashion and boo to all opposed. So in conclusion, Scott Pilgrim is funnier than the comedies you are currently carrying on about, it's more visually stunning than whatever was blowing you away last summer, and the music kicks the hell out of that CD you just bought and will forget about in a month.  Check it out if you think you`re geek enough.<br /><br />4  stars rounded up for bringing the noise.ompany some of the more climactic scenes.  My favorite musica; moment has to be the use of the \\"game over\\" music from an old Zelda game that was unexpectedly delightful.  Talk about taking me back.  That was just outstanding.  So was the background usage of the Rolling Stones \\"Under My Thumb\\".  There are also some band showdown scenes to rival anything rock-related that has ever been put up on the silver screen. And the snarky humor is wonderful.  If you've ever wondered what happens should an obnoxious vegan accidentally ingest an animal product (the world doesn't actually end as some may think), then you may bust a gut at one point in a moment of glorious commentary on trendy pseudo-politics.  This film hits you hard from all angles.  Picture Tenacious D, Kick-Ass, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Clerks, and Kung-Fu Hustle having an orgy on top of a pile of old Nintendo Power magazines, and you'll have some idea of what to expect when you see Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.      SOME.     While this is simply a must-see film for anybody with even a vague interest in geek culture, it's not quite perfect and probably won't appeal to the self-aware pretentious film critic type, proper ladies who need shopping montages and steamy idealized love scenes in their movies of choice, or the \\"dude-bro\\" contingent awaiting the next Michael Bay joint so much.  Sorry, no Oscars or opening weekend records for you, Scottie boy.   The object of our hero's affection, a sexy but standoffish girl named Ramona who changes her hair color every week-and-a-half, is indeed an intriguing lady, but not nearly as likable as she should be (and is in the comic).  The fact of the matter is we the audience are never really given a reason to love her like Scott does.  We love the poor little geek girl Scott dumps for her (and with a name like Knives Chau, how could you not love her?), but Ramona herself is aloof and undeveloped.  Throughout the film she remains somebody we'd simply like to get to know better who should try smiling once in a while. Rammy's inherent charm is the biggest thing lost in translation from comic to screen. Generally speaking, before one goes all in slaying all of the relationship demons at the expense of our short-term mental health, one should first be assured that the prize is one worth fighting for.  But considering how inventive and wonderfully entertaining this film is, you've got to let that one slide.      Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is pure joy for the young-at-heart and yet another gift from the man who brought us Shaun of the Dead and Spaced.  It's got some of the greatest sights and sounds out there and does an amazingly concise job of condensing a very long and involved story into a single spectacularly fun motion picture. And for once, most of the changes made from the source material don't detract from the story.  In fact, the most awesomest (hooked on phonics didn't work for me) scene in the film never even happened in the comics. So big love to Edgar Wright for bringing one of the most beloved comic sagas of the last decade to life in mind-blowing fashion and boo to all opposed. So in conclusion, Scott Pilgrim is funnier than the comedies you are currently carrying on about, it's more visually stunning than whatever was blowing you away last summer, and the music kicks the hell out of that CD you just bought and will forget about in a month.  Check it out if you think you`re geek enough.    4  stars rounded up for bringing the noise.
0439023513|5.0|I cannot imagine any reason at all that people who have read the first two books in this series would not rate this book as 5 stars without a doubt. The only thing I can imagine is that perhaps it didn't end the way a reader wanted it too, perhaps it was too much, too deep, too draining, too much emotion, so much so that it made the reader experience emotion that is not often evoked from a book. I put this book down and wanted to cry, finishing it made me feel as though I had run the emotional gauntlet, I can say without a doubt that I will not forget this book or these characters any time soon, if ever. Great job Suzanne Collins, my hat is off to you.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|A follow up to a good debut and wow its great! Once again The Rev shines on the drums, Synyster G, and Zacky V make and amazing guitar duo. Johny Christ on bass provides the stellar backbone for the whole operation. This is where M. Shadows starts to make his mark as one of the most unique sounding vocalists in metal as he finds a much better balance between screamed vocals and clean vocals then he did on STST. Here's is a track by track review.<br /><br />1. Waking The Fallen(9/10): An intro to die for. It starts off well enough but to top it of with haunting lyrics and a eerie melody this is where things kick off. If I had one problem with this one is that its only an intro and not a full length. Other than that it pretty much sets the mood for the rest of the album.<br /><br />2. Unholy Confessions(10/10): One of the bands most popular tracks. Its starts off with a catchy guitar riff than the drums come in. As your ears are treated to all this awesomeness Shadows comes in tho scream the first couple words than immediately transition to a clean vocal melody. This is where Shadows really starts singing and screaming all the while still maintaining that great melody.<br /><br />3. Chapter Four(10/10): This is my third favorite track on the album. It has great verses and the chorus is great. There is more singing on this one than screaming. Also yes the song comes from the chapter four of genesis in the bible. Its great as its not just forcing religion down your throat its just paints a picture.<br /><br />4. Remenissions(11/10): My favorite track of the album. The verses have catchy melodies and the drums and bass are heart stopping. The opening guitar riff is definitely something I admire. That's not what makes the song great though. The chorus is so emotional and catchy its a shame its only sang twice. The lyrics are very well written expecially in the chorus \\"A good friend once told me you are our memory.\\"<br /><br />5. Desecrate Through Reverance(9/10): This song is sort of like Remenissions in that the chorus has clean vocals and the verses are screaming. That's why its great. How ever the ending is definetly the highlight as Shadows ends with \\"In the end your all dead to me.\\"<br /><br />6. Eternal Rest(8.5): Not the best song but not the worst either. It definitely has like all the songs great instrumental work but at first I didn't like it. It sounds like it could have been on STST. Then as I listened to it more I realize how good this song is.<br /><br />7. Second Heartbeat(9.5/10): I don't usually go for screaming but this is just a great track. The solo seems a bit late at the last minute or so but its still amazing. The lyrics are also good.<br /><br />8. Radiant Eclipse(7/10): I don't really like this song. Its good but doesn't stand out for me. The chorus is good the though and the guitar work is genius.<br /><br />9. I Won't See You Tonight Part 1(15/10): I'd love to say you've heard the best already but you haven't. This is the best song on the album. The drums are excellent just as well as the guitars. It starts off with a piano and than leads into some beautiful heartfelt vocals. This is a ballad and rightfully so as the song is written from the point of a view of a person committing suicide or something like that. It just shows that the band can slow it down but also make the song epic. This is the only song on the album without screamed vocals from vocalist M. Shadows.<br /><br />10. I Won't See You Tonight Part 2(6/10): What happened? You start off with a emotionally moving ballad to a terrible continuation. I don't like the structure of this song at all. However I still do somewhat like it. It just doesn't meld well with part 1. The worst song on the album.<br /><br />11. Clairvoyant Disease(8/10): Okay now things are good again. This is a standard track which stays in line well with others.<br /><br />12. And All Things Will End(10.5/10): A great closer for the album. It may be just a standard hard rock track while the rest of the album is a bit more metal it still stands out especially towards the end.<br /><br />Many fans regard this as A7x's best album. I understand why its fantastic. Still not for the feint of heart but better then there debut. If you don't really care for screamed vocals check out Unholy Confessions, Chapter Four, I Won't See You Tonight Part 1, And All Things Will End. If don't care either way than get the whole album its really good.the end.    Many fans regard this as A7x's best album. I understand why its fantastic. Still not for the feint of heart but better then there debut. If you don't really care for screamed vocals check out Unholy Confessions, Chapter Four, I Won't See You Tonight Part 1, And All Things Will End. If don't care either way than get the whole album its really good.
B003J27WFW|5.0|Tremendous DVD package.     Have been a Rush fan since 1980 (Permanent Waves), one of the few bands never to have found there way to New Zealand (or Australia) and after watching this, if I'd had the money, I'd have been on a plane to the USA to catch one of their concerts!  (The clips on Youtube look fantastic, they're playing the whole of the \\"Moving Pictures\\" album - wow! and the new singles \\"Caravan\\" and \\"BU2B\\" sound great!)    In summary, after watching this twice, for me this feels like the single most definitive example of the old cliche...\\"If you want something bad enough, work hard and believe in yourself you'll make it\\". Also I think it illustrates the power of freindship, respect and compromise. These three guys most certainly come across as having this for each other, there is such a strong bond there.    It's an emotional rollercoaster and there are a number of times I thought, wow it could have all ended at that point, yet Alex, Geddy and Neil kept going.    FANTASTIC!
B000063147|4.0|Being that I don't really care for screamed vocals I was a bit skeptical to like this album. I tossed it off as \\"bad start for a great band\\" for a while. However upon further listen I finally grasped the true and raw beauty of STST. The screamed vocals isn't what grabbed me. It was the great instrumental work. The Rev was and always be one of the greatest drummers of all time so its no surprise he shines on this CD. But everyone else sounds great as well. However I don't believe M. Shadows reached his true potential vocally. The thing that makes the songs appealing is not only the instrumental genius previously mentioned the Shadows ability to go from a hardcore guttural scream to a melodic clean vocal.<br /><br />I would have done a track by track review but for this one I can't as it wouldn't do this record justice. This is a very heavy album and I don't expect anyone who prefers clean vocals to care all that much for A7x's debut. If you like anything metal this is a must buy. New fans of A7x might not like this but if your hardcore fan of A7x then you'll find some place for this album in your library of music.
B000B8QEZG|5.0|I'm primarily a book reviewer (and author), so you won't get musical or technical analysis with this review.<br /><br />All I can say is that I've listened to Madonna since the 80s (I was born in 1970), and this is her BEST CD ever in my opinion.<br /><br />It reminds me of the music we used to listen to at roller rinks--a fusion of 70s disco and 80s poppiness and 90s insistent beat...with 21 Century techno tricks that makes this music sounds \\"old school\\", but fresh.<br /><br />I love every song on this CD, and so does my family. Whether it's playing on the family stereo or in the car via mp3 player, we're always bobbing our heads, singing along or tapping our feet to Confessions on a Dance Floor.<br /><br />I homeschool my 11 year old and I just asked him to put something upbeat in; he (wisely) chose this CD. We're listening to it now!<br /><br />Immensely listenable, utterly enjoyable and very danceable (even spiritual, especially with Isaac)--you will no doubt this wonderful CD...even if you're not a die-hard Madonna fan. If I were allowed only 5 CDs (you know, desert island scenarior)--one would be Confessions on a Dance Floor.<br /><br />-- Janet Boyer, author of Back in Time Tarot
B0000C172X|5.0|Though it's not in the first rank of Neil Young albums, \\"On The Beach\\" contains several songs that are unquestionably of the first rank, namely \\"Revolution Blues\\" and the title track.  The pervading themes of loss and alienation are articulated with brilliant, vivid imagery.<br /><br />The recorded sound quality is also of a very high order at 176.400khz/24 bit.  Yes, this is apt to cause dropouts and other problems with many DVD(-A) players, but if the hardware is fully compatible, it sounds breathtakingly real.  It is a pity that this disc appears to be out of print.  One may hope that it will soon sound even better on Blu-Ray in the \\"Neil Young: Archives Part II.\\"
B00110K62U|5.0|This DVD of Les Miserables is a must-have for your collection. I had it on VHS and lost it when my daughter took it and have been wanting to replace it with the DVD for a long time.  This is so beautiful and amazing.  This set is a 2-disc collector's edition. Disc 1 is the concert (live performance) and disc 2 includes the making of Les Miserables and a booklet is included.  The performance features the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and a 150-voice choir. At the end of the performance, 17 Jean Valjeans from 17 different countries march down the center from the back carrying flags of their countries to the stage. They each sing a part of \\"Do You Hear the People Sing\\" in their native languages.  The beauty of this masterpiece made me cry. Les Miserables 10th Anniversary Concert at London's Royal Albert Hall is AWESOME!!!!!
B003UYUR10|5.0|If you want to have fun with a movie, this is the place to be.  Sword and sorcery, Arabian Nights- it's all wrapped up in a fun, action packed adventure.  This must be what it was like to watch the  newest Douglas Fairbanks movie with all the leaping and derring-do that is to be found in Prince of Persia.  If you can't have fun with this one, you have forgotten everything in life that was fun when you were growing up.  The great Ben Kingsley powers thru his scenes with a lustful sense of villainy, and he is joined by a great cast of largely unknown actors- at least unknown to me.  Gyllenhaal is well supported by a terrific group playing Kings, princes who become Kings, vengeful brothers, and princesses.  Each and every one of them is stellar in their roles.  For those nay-sayers, remember that a lot of people have put down the magic of Ray Harryhausen as old fashioned and hokey, and therefore miss the great fun that is to be had when enjoying that master of illusion.  I'm not saying Prince of Persia is Harryhausen material, but it is great fun for two hours.
B003FMTZOM|5.0|It is essential to get the Deluxe version. Look up the Deluxe on Amazon and decide if you want to buy based on those reviews. The bonus tracks of the Deluxe are this album's finest, and complete it. They are CRITICAL.
0307269752|1.0|OK, this book really irritated me.  Bottom line: I don't understand why The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is such a mainstream hit.<br /><br />My only conclusion is to believe that people who love this book have not read many good mysteries.<br /><br />I prefer mysteries to any other kind of books and I have already read 17 this summer.  I just finished The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and - because the world is filled with so many really good mysteries - I absolutely cannot recommend this one.<br /><br />I expected a lot from this best seller and, as you can tell, I was sorely disappointed.  I wanted to quit so many times but I kept going because I kept hoping it would get better (and because my book club is reading it).<br /><br />It did get better toward the end but not enough to warrant wading through all the stuff in the first 75% of the book.<br /><br />What turned me off wasn't the distastefulness of the violence and sexual sadism or the fact that it contained two completely different stories.<br /><br />The book just simply dragged.  It was tedious and filled with lots of information (including the exhaustive Vanger family history) that was not essential to the story.<br /><br />And the author didn't develop the characters enough for me to even care about them.  I did come to care a little bit about the girl with the dragon tattoo because she was such a spitfire toward the bad guys, but I didn't care enough about her to make the book worth reading.<br /><br />As for the mystery itself - (SPOILER ALERT) - it was obvious to me from the very beginning what had happened to Harriet because of the flowers sent annually to Vanger.<br /><br />The end of the book gets pretty good but isn't worth what you have to wade through to get to it.  And I really didn't like the very end.<br /><br />I decided to read some of the reviews published on Amazon and was flabbergasted.<br /><br />One person wrote, \\"The story moves with lightening speed.\\"<br />Huh?  The first half of the book is painfully slow and tedious and the pace doesn't pick up until near the end.<br /><br />One said, \\"It was impossible to put down.\\"<br />What?!  I had to force myself to pick up the book each day.<br /><br />One person wrote, \\"It will have you hanging on the edge of your seat\\" and another described it as \\"utterly stunning.\\"  Really?!<br /><br />Another said, \\"Lisabeth is unforgettable, unlike most characters that populate mystery thrillers. There is such depth here.\\"<br />Hello!  Hasn't anybody ever read Elizabeth George? Talk about real depth!<br /><br />Luckily, I found others who shared my opinion.<br /><br />\\"... we're talking hundreds and hundreds of pages of numbingly dull back story that brackets the middle where something actually happens.\\"<br />\\"... the writing is \\"clich&eacute;-ridden prose\\"<br />\\"The title of the book is misleading since it refers to the hero's sidekick and not the actual central character, who is a one-dimensionally valiant reporter for a financial magazine who is irresistible to women.\\"<br />\\"There is an exhaustive back story developed of the Vanger family which is unnecessary, but takes up ALOT of space in the book\\"<br /> \\"The author goes into excruciating detail about meaningless nonsense that has nothing to do with the story.\\"<br />\\"There are moments of genuine suspense and excitement, but just not enough of a pay-off at the end.\\"<br /><br />So, I say, \\"Skip this book!\\"said, \\"It was impossible to put down.\\"  What?!  I had to force myself to pick up the book each day.    One person wrote, \\"It will have you hanging on the edge of your seat\\" and another described it as \\"utterly stunning.\\"  Really?!    Another said, \\"Lisabeth is unforgettable, unlike most characters that populate mystery thrillers. There is such depth here.\\"   Hello!  Hasn't anybody ever read Elizabeth George? Talk about real depth!    Luckily, I found others who shared my opinion.    \\"... we're talking hundreds and hundreds of pages of numbingly dull back story that brackets the middle where something actually happens.\\"  \\"... the writing is \\"clich-ridden prose\\"  \\"The title of the book is misleading since it refers to the hero's sidekick and not the actual central character, who is a one-dimensionally valiant reporter for a financial magazine who is irresistible to women.\\"  \\"There is an exhaustive back story developed of the Vanger family which is unnecessary, but takes up ALOT of space in the book\\"   \\"The author goes into excruciating detail about meaningless nonsense that has nothing to do with the story.\\"  \\"There are moments of genuine suspense and excitement, but just not enough of a pay-off at the end.\\"    So, I say, \\"Skip this book!\\"
B002QGUFWE|2.0|I can't believe we went from the fabulous theme of retro-glamor and brilliance of The Fame and found ourselves with an album like this. Lady Gaga doesn't feel the same anymore. I'll always miss her during The Fame era. This album was a disappointment. Sure Monster and Teeth are witty, but it isn't enough to sustain 8 tracks of nightmare. Her image is a complete ripoff of Madonna lately. Been there, seen that.
B000006XSD|5.0|Alice Cooper's strength was the ability to write great pop songs and melodies and cover them with the veneer of horror and teenage angst.  This album is Alice without the show attached.  Its just an album of songs- great songs but ones that dont fit in with the Alice Cooper persona and thats where the bad reviews come from.  Its like Sally Cant Dance by Lou Reed.  Its out of the character that the artist had created so fans are confused and hate it. Go into it not expecting Killers and you might enjoy it.  A lot.
B002M2T1UO|5.0|i was very pleased with the packaging of the dvd's as well as the timing in which it was shipped. it came days after the order was placed. Thanks for the prompt service and excellent product.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|CAN'T believe this show got cancelled . Great acting , great story line, sexy , funny and interesting . This show was the best show out there and i love love love love rewatching episodes , veronica and logan are amazing together , great show , great season ( minus the ending )
1592402690|4.0|What makes Geoff Emerick's book refreshing, and worth the time of anyone interested in the Beatles, is his focus on their music. As the sound engineer for most of their work from \\"Revolver\\" forward, he gives specific details about how the Beatles worked in the studio and what went into achieving their groundbreaking sounds. At times Emerick gets a bit technical, but if you want to understand just how a track was built, there's no substitute for the descriptions of miking and mixing he provides. He and George Martin would stop at nothing to attempt to create the sounds the Beatles wanted, and I came away with a more informed perspective on how much they contributed to the Beatles' body of work.    Emerick doesn't go into depth about the Beatles' lives outside the studio, which is a nice change of pace from books that feel heavy on everything BUT their music. He does give his impressions of each of the Beatles, and that is of course subjective. It's obvious he had the easiest rapport with Paul and the most distant relationship with George Harrison. While I agree with some earlier reviewers who thought that Emerick seems too harsh a judge of George's musicianship, he also talks about how much George developed as both a songwriter and a guitarist during the 60's. Both John and Paul come off as great songwriters and -- in different ways -- great musicians, as well as flawed people.     This isn't the whole Beatles story, but it's a valuable perspective on their music-making. The parts of the book in which Emerick is writing about things other than his work with the Beatles (the studio generally, his earlier life, etc.) I found less riveting, but that's probably inevitable.
B00006JKOM|4.0|I had this album back in the day and really liked it. Somehow i got lost into other types of music and had not returned to my 'roots' until recently ...and among the revisited was this very nice Tull album. The 'Pied Pier' tune is just such a marvelous song. The kind no one writes anymore. Full of turning melodies and harmonies. I also dig 'Taxi Grab', 'Salamander' & 'Crazed Institution'. They all are VERY well written and played. And are more in a song format concentrating on really catchy melodies. Very english...and really good to the soul. Can't go wrong with this one if you have a soft spot in your heart for beautiful acoustic driven Tull.
1400052173|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read in some time.  It was so educational on a Science point but you have the human story in it and amazing what happens behind the scences at medical offices and hospitals.  A must read for all
0307474712|2.0|Not funny.  Laughed maybe once in 400 pages, and the laugh was more for nostalgia reasons.  Perhaps it's the American vs. British humor but I just wasn't into it.  Whoever compared the book to Nick Hornby is mistaken.  Only similarity is the \\"Nic\\" in their names.
0307266303|4.0|I had read articles about the Tarahumara Indians, so I was very interested in reading this book.  The author does a great job of touching on the entire running industry from ultrarunners, to the evolution of running shoes, to nutrition, to running injuries, to an anthropological discussion of our running ancestors.<br /><br />Initially, I had a little trouble keeping on the path, as the author followed different topics.  But, after a few chapters, I understood his writing style and thoroughly enjoyed the book.<br /><br />Now that I've read this book, I'll never by $130 running shoes again.  And, I'm eager to seek out resources for barefoot running.
B000002KHF|4.0|Great music - was great to get back to some found memories of listing to Van Morrison  Some of his best stuff on this ablumn
B00000G3AZ|4.0|This was a difficult film to evaluate.  For one thing, Emma was not my favorite of Jane Austin's novels, that pride of place having been taken by Pride and Prejudice.  The choice of Gywneth Paltrow for the heroine Emma was certainly a good one.  She is able to put across the self-centered but well intentioned young Emma better than anyone might.  Anyone less light of touch might have made the girl patently unlikeable.  In fact the entire cast did a fine job.  Probably the character I most enjoyed was that of Mrs. Elton, the Vicar's wife from Bath, played by Juliet Stevenson.  Her desire to appear \\"cultured\\" and her attempts to make herself one of the local elite were delightful.<br /><br />The real subject of the work is that of illegitimacy.  Emma attempts to place a girlhood friend, Harriet Smith, into a prime marriage, ignoring society's taboos and prejudices on the subject, which her friend Mr. Knightly tries to point out to her.  Ultimately Emma must accept that society will not change to suit her desires, that encouraging Ms Smith to aspirations beyond her expectations is hurting her and their friendship, and Mr. Knightly finally acknowledges that even though Ms Smith is illegitimate, she is also a fine young person.
B002T9H2LA|5.0|Tarantino hits a very raw but fun-starved nerve. I recently had a spate of disappointing viewings (The Spirit, The New Karate Kid) and was not looking forward to this movie being anymore than chewing gum for the brain. I'm glad I was wrong.<br /><br />Tarantino brings back the old spaghetti westerns but set towards the end of the Second World War. Anybody who grew up on Kelly's Heroes, the Dirty Dozen and spaghetti westerns understand the realm of seriously flawed but adorable heroes.<br /><br />Everyone was expecting the great American ending when all we get is a big bang heroes fantasy. Its just not-so-good guys versus really bad guys. Its funny in all the unexpected places. Its like a new journey on a familiar road. No tormented good guys just people who would normally be locked-up now wearing the shoes of would-be-saviors.<br /><br />The dialogue was just amazing.Good thing about DVD is you can rewind it. Every actor was perfect in their place. And that Landa character:the last time evil looked this charming was when it was Hannibal Lecter.<br /><br />Tarantino takes the top spot from Scorsese on my list on this one.
0800141660|5.0|While Pride and Prejudice, [[ASIN:1453693319 Pride And Prejudice]], is my favorite Austin novel, Sense and Sensibility, [[ASIN:1593080492 Sense and Sensibility (Barnes & Noble Classics Series) (B&N Classics)]], comes in a close second, and this film version is my favorite.  How could one complain with such a stellar cast?<br /><br />Nearly every character is played by a seasoned veteran of British television, theater and cinema.  Hugh Grant plays a very convincing and understated Mr. Edward Ferrars.  His pregnant pauses and stuttered responses suggest a man so overwhelmed by society that he is afraid to utter anything at all.  Emma Thompson's Miss Elinor Dashwood, the tower of strength her family depends upon to keep the family circumstances afloat, is a total triumph.  The finale, where she finally comes unglued, is so in keeping with the tension with which the character has been dealing throughout the story.  Kate Winslet, while generally not my favorite actress, does a fantastic portrayal of Maryann Dshwood, the headstrong and emotional sister who plunges headlong into a romance and almost comes to disaster when her hero proves to be made of clay.  Even the youngest sister Margaret whose perky personality is put across despite her infrequent appearance on the screen, leaves one wondering what became of her and what she thought about these events later in life.  Someone should write her story.  Alan Rickman, at last in a romantic rather than a sinister role, is a wonderfully restrained suitor of Maryann.  He is a man of strong emotions kept bearly under control.  Harriet Walter, the heroine of the Lord Peter Whimsey mystery series, [[ASIN:B00009WNVN Lord Peter Wimsey - The Complete Collection]], is here a wonderfully nasty sister-in-law of the Dashwood girls, and her response to the secret engagement of her older brother to her young protege, Lucy Steel, is a comedic masterpiece. Mrs. Jennings the inquisitive inlaw of Mrs. Dashwood's cousin Sir John Middleton, is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, an actress with whose creative talents I became familiar through her appearances on one of my favorite murder mystery programs, Midsommer Murders, [[ASIN:B0028AENSK Midsomer Murders: Set 14]].  I've come to admire her talent for creating some truely memorable characters.  Her son-in-law, Sir John, played by Robert Hardy, is also familiar to me from this venue, as were some of the other minor characters.<br /><br />As always, the scenery and costumes were fantastic.  Some of the indoor cinematography of people together in small groups reminded me of Vermeer paintings.  The intimacy of interiors lighted by candle light was splendid and gave the viewer a feeling of actually being part of the occasion; there was no sense that there were cameras running and bright lights illuminating a stage.  Even in the ambiance of the ball during the sisters' \\"season\\" in London there was  a sense of privacy and of a closed society known well only to one another.<br /><br />A visual treat.by Elizabeth Spriggs, an actress with whose creative talents I became familiar through her appearances on one of my favorite murder mystery programs, Midsommer Murders, [[ASIN:B0028AENSK Midsomer Murders: Set 14]].  I've come to admire her talent for creating some truely memorable characters.  Her son-in-law, Sir John, played by Robert Hardy, is also familiar to me from this venue, as were some of the other minor characters.    As always, the scenery and costumes were fantastic.  Some of the indoor cinematography of people together in small groups reminded me of Vermeer paintings.  The intimacy of interiors lighted by candle light was splendid and gave the viewer a feeling of actually being part of the occasion; there was no sense that there were cameras running and bright lights illuminating a stage.  Even in the ambiance of the ball during the sisters' \\"season\\" in London there was  a sense of privacy and of a closed society known well only to one another.       A visual treat.
0385733577|5.0|Have been looking fo his product everywhere no one seemed to carry it. Great shipping very quick will do business again.
B0001YRVN4|4.0|I think I realised I made a mistake almost immediately upon putting this on my dvd player years back when I was a lot less knowledgable about aspect ratios and picture and sound quality issues overall and hence found out to my chagrin just what pan and scan means.  Also as I have a widescreen LED tv, watching full screen pan and scan movies makes me feel cheated somehow.<br /><br />I've recently watched this on a blu-ray player that upscales to 1080p and I also realised that unlike that other great Lucas trilogy, Indiana Jones, this set of dvds do not upscale as well.  By the way, that set of standard dvds if you already have them looks wonderful upscaled and so I am in no hurry to get the future Blu-ray offering unless they have perhaps Director's Cut versions of the films.  This Star Wars set though is a different story and I find myself waiting in anticipation at a hopefully vastly improved Blu-ray version both picture and sound quality-wise.  Even the THX treatment seems to have done very little on these discs as compared to the obvious improvements on the Indiana Jones set.  I also happen to agree with those who think the young Anakin's ghost has no business being there together with the old Obiwan and Yoda at the end.  They should have kept it the way it was in the original or used all the younger versions including Liam Neeson!<br /><br />I also happen to like Eps IV, V and VI a lot more than I, II and III although I do understand Lucas' need for completion/closure and I can accept that others may feel the opposite of what I feel on this particular issue.  Upscaled, I did for the first time see the dents and dirt on C3PO but not enough to wow me the way the Indiana Jone Trilogy set did.<br /><br />Overall, the picture and sound quality is okay/average but not great and so is the bonus material disc and so I'm left expecting a lot more and I wait with bated breath to see if the massive amount of improvements this set clearly needs to be described as reference quality blu-ray will be made in the hopefully not-too-distant future.  If they could do the incredible restoration work on the great 1968 classic &#34;2001: A Space Odyssey&#34; on blu-ray, I wonder if there's any good excuse not to do the same on blu-ray for the &#34;Star Wars Trilogy&#34;.<br /><br />Impress me George and Fox!<br /><br />Updated 2 April 2015:<br /><br />This blu ray package of the cgi-ed re-done versions have no special features but contain all three films on 3 discs. The steelbook is a nice touch which will satisfy collectors.  Both the picture and sound quality has been vastly improved in 1080p and DTS 6.1 HD MA; the first two films sounded better than the third one on my system though.  For those like me who are not too concerned about the special features but just want quality versions of the movies in a nifty steelbook packaging then this is the one for you. Still not the original theatrical versions but until these are finally released I guess we'll have to put up with these versions.<br /><br />Recommended!n the hopefully not-too-distant future.  If they could do the incredible restoration work on the great 1968 classic &#34;2001: A Space Odyssey&#34; on blu-ray, I wonder if there's any good excuse not to do the same on blu-ray for the &#34;Star Wars Trilogy&#34;.  Impress me George and Fox!  Updated 2 April 2015:  This blu ray package of the cgi-ed re-done versions have no special features but contain all three films on 3 discs. The steelbook is a nice touch which will satisfy collectors.  Both the picture and sound quality has been vastly improved in 1080p and DTS 6.1 HD MA; the first two films sounded better than the third one on my system though.  For those like me who are not too concerned about the special features but just want quality versions of the movies in a nifty steelbook packaging then this is the one for you. Still not the original theatrical versions but until these are finally released I guess we'll have to put up with these versions.  Recommended!
B003EYVXYQ|2.0|\\"Survival of the Dead\\" is by far the worst of the six Romero zombie films. There is extremely little horror or suspense, the final bloodbath (requisite in a Romero pic) is little more than fifteen or twenty zombies walking into a barn and eating one guy. There is the least character development of any Romero film, by far. The whole premise about a family feud on an island off Delaware (where everyone has Irish accents that apparently have never faded an iota in the doubtless hundreds of years they've been in America) is small-minded and dull. I suppose I should have realized the scope of a zombie pic on a small island with the backdrop of a feud between two cantankerous Irish dudes doesn't make for much excitement before I bought it...though come to think of it, you have to have the whole \\"set\\", don't you? I actually felt like I was watching a horror version of \\"Waking Ned Devine\\"; except that this is a vastly inferior picture, and Ned Devine comes back from the dead in this version.    If my review helps even one person avoid seeing this, I will be satisfied. The only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is my philosophy that even the worst Romero zombie movie is better than almost any other zombie flick (I did NOT say every other).
B003EW4K7A|5.0|I'll admit first up that I'm not a big Stones fan.  I've always believed that musically they are unbelievably over-rated relative to their peers such as The Beatles, The Who, The Kinks, The Beach Boys hell even the Animals but I won't begrudge their great stage act and longevity and hence their great influence on rock and roll overall albeit not necessarily on the artistic and musical aspects of the genre; I suppose they were never really about that anyway being more about how to abuse drugs, sex and alcohol without dying but I have to say that \\"Sticky Fingers\\" is my favourite album of theirs with \\"Beggars Banquet\\" coming in a close second.<br /><br />This album starts out well with one of their best ever tracks \\"Brown Sugar\\" which sounds a lot like David Bowie's \\"Diamond Dogs\\" to me but is still an excellent rocker; this is in contrast to the worst track on this album and also one of the worst that I've ever heard \\"You Gotta Move\\" which sounds a lot like what you'd hear a funeral band playing in Singapore.  The sound quality is overall pretty good on this mini-lp replica sleeve (mlps) version although it is not uniformly so as \\"Wild Horses\\" sounds  a little muddy in spots which is unfortunate given the track is among the better ones on the album.  \\"Bitch\\" is also a standout although it does remind me a lot of the Temptations' \\"Get Ready\\".  \\"Sister Morphine\\" is also a great track which sounds a lot like a typical Neil Young track as well as Oasis' \\"Wonderwall\\" which is obviously at least partially influenced by this great Stones track.  \\"Dead Flowers\\" is reminicent of a typical CCR track as well.<br /><br />Overall, trackwise this is in my opinion the best that the Stones have churned out and fans are in for a real treat with this mlps version which is one of the best and most creative that I've ever seen.  I still can't get over the working gold zipper and piece of cloth that so faithfully recreates the original vinyl sleeve that it's unbelievable!  It is also very well assembled so that you don't fear the whole thing coming apart anytime soon.  A square with a black and white photo of the band on one side and the trademark red tongue and track listing on the other side as well as another cardboard square representing the original vinyl center circle is included.  Also included is a 16-page booklet with all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.<br /><br />My favourite Stones album now comes in an excellent mlps version with mostly good sound quality which makes this version of \\"Sticky Fingers\\" highly recommended!so that you don't fear the whole thing coming apart anytime soon.  A square with a black and white photo of the band on one side and the trademark red tongue and track listing on the other side as well as another cardboard square representing the original vinyl center circle is included.  Also included is a 16-page booklet with all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.    My favourite Stones album now comes in an excellent mlps version with mostly good sound quality which makes this version of \\"Sticky Fingers\\" highly recommended!
1881273873|4.0|Although the stories and writing can feel a bit awkward and although it gets a little repetitive toward the end, I still whole- heartedly reccommend reading the 5 Love Languages.  It really does change the way you look at your relationships and helps build empathy.  Mr. Chapman offers some real insights into what \\"fills a person's love tank,\\" and how to bulid healthy relationships with everyone from co-workers to parents, to possible life partners.
0307120007|1.0|My daughter was excited to get this book as she had the \\"Pat the Bunny\\" stuffed animal. This was the most substandard book I think I have ever purchased. It was only slightly more than loose-leaf paper bound by plastic rings. It was already falling apart after one read-through. I know this is supposed to be a classic, but the content itself was horrendous - almost nothing about \\"Pat the Bunny\\" and my daughter was very upset with how boring and little bunny content there was in this book. Get the stuffed animal - DONT bother with the book!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|Since its debut in 2004 Lost has received 43 Emmy nominations. For its freshman season Lost won the Emmy for Outstanding Drama and it comes as no surprise that it has once again been nominated for Outstanding Drama for its sixth and final season. To categorize Lost into one genre is near impossible. It is a mystery, it is a an epic, it a character study, it is science fiction, it is fantasy, it is a love story, it is a philosophical debate... it is all of this in one brilliantly executed story about life, death, and redemption. I have never seen a television show border on art before and make no mistake, Lost is cinematic art at its best. The show is not for everyone, however. If you want mindless entertainment, a linear narrative, and obvious resolutions, this is not the show for you. Like the best works of fiction, there is an ambiguity to the story that requires an individual to analyze and reflect on the narrative and what the author (or in this case authors) is really trying to say with their story. For those who choose to look at and analyze the many layers of Lost will be rewarded with thought-provoking and sometimes goose-bump inducing payoffs. What will make Lost a timeless epic is not the mystery, but the journey the show takes to answer that mystery. If the creative team behind Lost created an interesting journey, long after the mysteries are revealed, the show itself will stand the test of time.     As for the Complete Collection, it is well worth the money. The box set itself is a work of art. What looked somewhat cheesey in the promo pictures looks very classy and high quality in person. A lot of love went into this set and its something I can proudly display on my entertainment center. I own the Blu Ray version of the show and having popped in a few episodes from various seasons, the show never looked or sounded this good during its initial broadcast. In fact, most movies do not look or sound as good as Lost does.     True fans of this show will lovethe Complete Collection. If you have never seen Lost before and want to pick up this set on a blind buy, I implore you to forget any doubts, ignore the naysayers and come into it with an open mind. If you do this, you will not be disappointed.     \\"Do you really think all this is an accident? That we, a group of strangers survived, many of us with just superficial injuries? Do you think we crashed on this place by coincidence, especially this place? We were brought here for a purpose, for a reason, all of us. Each one of us was brought here for a reason.\\" - John Locke
0812973992|5.0|This was definitely worth reading. I loved the way all the characters lives were intertwined and everything came together.  If you enjoyed this book I highly recommend checking out the documentary \\"Man on a Wire\\" - it's a perfect accompaniment to this read.
0439023513|3.0|I gave the book 3 stars because the writing, itself, was good. The plot and character development were not, however. I was disappointed with almost every aspect of the novel, especially the pacing. Instead of Katniss being involved in the action, she would just hear about it after she awoke from her drug-induced stupors. The love triangle was not explored, and there was hardly any dialogue between the characters. It almost felt like the author threw the novel together from an outline, rather than fleshing out the outline to give us a book worthy of its two predecessors.
0439023513|5.0|Great ending!  Couldn't even guess where it was going which is a change of pace for me.  Usually, I can figure out what will happen next.  I'm not giving any spoilers.
0439023483|2.0|The good parts of the book are that it had a good build-up and lets the reader get to know the characters and dystopia of the world before getting into the action. Also, the novel clearly shows that the author did her research pertaining to the wild plants and animals that Katniss uses to survive.   However, these minor details do not help save the novel from its major flaws. First off, the premise sounds interesting, new, and edgy, right? Well, it would if it was not used nine years earlier in Koushun Takami's Battle Royale. Granted, there are differences in the two works, but not enough to make The Hunger Games look original. Secondly, the novel challenges the reader's willing suspension of disbelief far too often. How exactly are cameras everywhere in the area without any of The Games' participants noticing? How is it that literally no one in The Capitol objects to The Games?  Why are so many of the other participants death convenient for the main characters? Last but not least, the ending of the book leaves a lot to be desired. The book reaches its climax and then cools down for a tiny bit, but rather than giving a satisfying ending, the book just ends.   Overall, the novel would not be terrible if it was not for the unbelievable parts that are not accurate explained and the fact that it is essentially a Battle Royale rip off. While the book is the first in the trilogy, I will not be continuing this series even with the few and far between good parts the novel has.
B0036TGSR6|4.0|Roman Polanski`s movies don`t ordinarily lend themselves to autobiographical insight. In The Ghostwriter Polanski dabbles at the edge of autobiography in the character of Adam Lang, a former British Prime Minister exiled from England and subject to arrest in most of the world due to war crime accusations. Perhaps it is this convergence of art and autobiography that lead to Polanski's recent legal developments.<br /><br />Ewan McGregor is a ghostwriter to Pierce Brosnan's Adam Lang who is facing war crimes charges in the Hague. McGregor is hired as a \\"ghost\\" to rewrite Lang's memoirs after the accidental death of the previous ghostwriter. McGregor inadvertently finds evidence that the death of his predecessor wasn't so accidental and they've both stumbled upon a secret of Lang's early political career that would cast a different shadow on his legacy as Prime Minister.<br /><br />This is a thriller that isn't based all on action, car chases, shootouts, or explosions. It's a thriller that pulls you in because of the intrigue of the characters and the events that are created by them or are pulled into. The two male leads of McGregor and Brosnan are two excellent performances. McGregor gives a nuanced performance as \\"the ghost\\" as the only name he's given in the movie, a slightly disheveled writer who doesn't know what he's gotten himself into. Brosnan is right on as the former Prime Minister. A man who has had days in power, but still has the self-possessed confidence and retains the subliminal air of authority that everybody looks to when he enters the room. Kim Cattrall is a surprise as Amelia Bly, Lang's assistant. Even though it's suggested that she may have been or is Lang's lover, Cattrall shows here that she can play more than the sexpot or coquette that she has played in \\"Sex and The City.\\" Timothy Hutton is good as he is in almost anything he does and it's too bad his part wasn't larger. Eli Wallach has a cameo as a crotchety old man who gets McGregor's ghost to start questioning what's going on.<br /><br />The Ghostwriter isn't a flashy thriller that throws special effects, or car chases at you. As a matter of fact the only would be car chase is aborted because `the ghost' pulls his car off the road and lets the chasing car pass him. The intrigue and thrilling elements are delivered by the situation these characters find themselves in and how the events occur and how the characters struggle to find the resolution to the puzzle.<br /><br />The DVD bonus features are minimal but give you a nice look inside the production of The Ghostwriter. They include an interview with screenwriter Robert Harris on how he came upon the idea of The Ghostwriter and how it evolved into its final form. A 10 minute interview with the major cast members about their characters, and an interview with Polanski on what he saw in The Ghostwriter.ing what's going on.    The Ghostwriter isn't a flashy thriller that throws special effects, or car chases at you. As a matter of fact the only would be car chase is aborted because `the ghost' pulls his car off the road and lets the chasing car pass him. The intrigue and thrilling elements are delivered by the situation these characters find themselves in and how the events occur and how the characters struggle to find the resolution to the puzzle.    The DVD bonus features are minimal but give you a nice look inside the production of The Ghostwriter. They include an interview with screenwriter Robert Harris on how he came upon the idea of The Ghostwriter and how it evolved into its final form. A 10 minute interview with the major cast members about their characters, and an interview with Polanski on what he saw in The Ghostwriter.
B000S1M9LY|5.0|Unfortunately, I didn't go through all 412 reviews to see if this point has been brought up, but.  Here's a different viewpoint that may help you to understand and love this book as I do(apologies to anyone else who may have already pointed this out):    Infinite Jest is a beautiful novel while also a textbook for mental health disorders--the mood, anxiety, psychotic and other mental disorders--co-occurring with addictions.  However, if you're like me, you don't read straight through entire textbooks, even if they are written well.  But this book I read twice, and it was well worth it, enriching my world and leading to a much better understanding of fellow human beings.  The Co-occurring Disorders Textbook nature of this novel is evidenced by:    1) The narrative is disjointed, disorganized, with run-ons, rapid changes, and neologisms, often relying on the music of the language more than the content of the sentence to get the point across.  This sort of narrative, a chaotic mess with layers upon layers that often don't seem to go anywhere (i.e. footnotes of footnotes) is the kind of narrative a psychiatric interview will often uncover from someone who is psychotic or floridly manic.  This is also the narrative form of dysfunction, trauma, and abusive environments. (I don't know from novel structure--I'm a psychiatrist, not an English professor).        a) also, the setting is not in an alternate future...it is set in the 1990's, but a place that continues to have the fears of terrorism, environmental degradation, and possible global annihilation from nuclear weapons, warped by delusion.  Everything sounds real-enough to the narrator but very confusing to a reader who lives in the era of al-Qaeda, NATO, and OPEC.          b) the compression and expansion of time, concrete thinking and muddled metaphors, and a constant undercurrent of terror are common in psychosis.  And this novel is replete with terror.      2) Wallace includes: Major Depression, Anxiety, Mania, Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Body Dysmorphic Disorder, Hypochondria, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Panic disorder, eating disorders, ADHD, sexual disorders, and multiple pathologic personality traits, including the antisocial personalities of many, if not most, of the characters.  He also includes sports psychology, the psychology of the gifted and talented, and characters with cognitive disorders.    3) Wallace describes nearly every sort of addiction and substance abuse known:  alcohol, prescription drugs, cocaine, opiates, designer drugs, hallucinogens, inhalants, TV, sex, gambling, and food.  His description of marijuana dependence and detox are the most beautifully written that I have ever seen.     This novel is a view from the inside of a much different mind--the reader can experience delusion, psychosis, and recovery while trying to make sense of events that seem both plausible and unreal at the same time.  Can't we empathize better with those who struggle with both addictions and mental illness if we can see it through their eyes and feel similar feelings?     One key joke in the book is told by a biker in recovery to Gately:  \\"This wise old whiskery fish swims up to three young fish and goes, `Morning, boys, how's the water?* and swims away; and the three young fish watch him swim away and look at each other and go, `What the f-- is water?' and swim away.\\"      *Note how often the color blue is present* or described when reading or re-reading this book.        *And enjoy the swim.
B0015DROBO|2.0|The first third of the book is very slow.  I almost stopped reading it several times.  It builds momentum halfway through the story.  However the way the story unfolds is unbelievable at times.  I know lots of people are in love with this story but I won't be buying any of the other books.
B003OF3R0S|4.0|Overall, this album is worth getting if you have been following the band.    The sound of the album has some familiar bits from previous albums with speedy songs and mixes of country/rock. The band likes to get their hands around a large collection of different genres within the music of instruments and not have heavy reliance on unique sounds coming from a soundboard.    The highlights for me were \\"God Hates Us\\", \\"Fiction\\", \\"Welcome to the Family\\", and \\"Natural Born Killers\\". The songs between them are great, but they didn't hit me like the ones I felt were top-notch. \\"Fiction\\" had a classical piano that gave the song some really good atmposhpere, not to mention that The Rev's vocal ability did well if not great throughout the song. The other three songs had a hardcore feeling, reminding me of  previous albums, \\"Waking the Falling\\" and \\"City of Evil\\".    The lowest song for me was \\"So Far Away\\", which is still a song I listen to at least once or twice whenever I'm listening to the album. Country is a genre I can't stand, but his song manages to capture a little bit of such and make it work pretty good.    I recommend this album, whether your into trying something different or you're a fan of Avenged Sevenfold.
B002GDM2UA|5.0|Quick shipping. Could have been better packaging, but I did receive items with no damage. Would recommend and consider purchasing from again.
B000002UDG|3.0|I like the cd, but I only know a couple of songs off it. The reason I purchased the cd is the song Say, Say, Say, which is an excellent song! I think it is great Paul paired up with Micheal and made such a wonderful song.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|Great way to get to know the boys better. Gives some good insight into the band and how they work. This DVD is very well done.
B000003MZU|5.0|When this cd was first released, I listened to it hour after hour,  for about a year, and finally gave the cd to a friend.  After many years,  I just bought it again, and I love it even MORE now.  So many memories !!  Besides:  Beautiful ballads, harmonies, lyrics and great up-tempo music.
B000006OAM|5.0|I got this album when it first came out because I've been a fan of Natalie's since she was in 10,000 Maniacs. Over a decade later and Ophelia is still one of my absolute favourite albums. This music just doesn't get old, it's beauty is timeless. Natalie's voice is so gorgeous and her lyrics are so meaningful. Her songs will lift you up and take you away, pierce your heart and make a home inside your soul. I can't recommend this album highly enough.
9889979942|5.0|Marco Polo,,has Indeed Arrived through the Dreamy..But.very detailed images that race across the pages,as the Viewer is taken along..an Epic adventure behind the Fabled..and Mysterious Ancient Empire ..behind the Great Wall !!! Past and present,are captured in Passionate and vivid Colors of Reds..Blues..Oranges..etc and even the wrinkles on the Very weathered Faces..are like tiny road maps that tell the Story, Not only of great Monuments..But of an even greater story..The Peoples Of CHINA !! Here We All get to See for Ourselves..The diversity ..the Grandeur..to the Very simple farms and Villages..and the Overwhelming Past of a Nation that can..Not. be capture in One Book..But..like for one, who Has Never seen an..Iceberg..at least We can See the Tip !!       Tom Carter..Has taken, I am sure Many Risks, as any Adventurer before and After have..But..as the saying ..goes..\\"One Who Never risks..Never Wins !!! Here then is a Glorious Journey..through Mountains..Valleys..Deserts etc..taken at No Risk to US..but just basking in page after page of incredible images, Colors,Hues..Sunsets.....My only Complaint...is that. the Book is, while very practical and Compact..this particular Book should be in a 10\\"by 14\\" Large Coffee Table format..to allow the Viewer the Chance to Fall Through the Pages, and Get Lost in Them !!! Hopefully,there will Be another Edition in this format...MARCO POLO, would Indeed Be PROUD..of TOM CARTER..The Man with The..Lens !!!!   Raphael H.C
0439023513|4.0|I preordered and figured I might not get it the day it came out but perhaps the next day or maybe even 2 days after... It's not scheduled to come until 6 days after the book was released. How disappointing! I won't preorder again. I will just buy somewhere else.
0439023513|2.0|*Spoilers*    First off, i loved the first two books and was undoubtedly one of the many eagerly awaiting this third installment. It was a disaster.    The whole book was confusing. sometimes she was dreaming and sometimes not but i found it hard to make sense of a lot of stuff. Katniss while strong and stubborn in other books is weak vulnerable and strongly bi-polar in her feelings towards her situations.In some parts things started to get better and i got hopeful but then someone went and got themselves killed. The exciting love triangle between Katniss, Peeta, and Gale fell apart.Gale doesn't even come back for the last part of the book. I always favored Gale and it seemed unfair that he just moved on. As i remember their last moment was not a tearful goodbye but a whispered word. \\"Shoot me\\" And when did Peeta return to himself. There was a switch that apparently i didn't pick up on because one moment he is trying to kill her the next, they have kids. that didn't make ANY sense to me.    Why did prim have to die? it was cruel and unnecessary to the book. Katniss was already deep enough in her sorrow that  Prim's death wasn't needed to keep Katniss in her state.     One of my favorite points in the book is the reunion of Finnick and Annie. That was completely spoiled when he died. he didn't even get a paragraph about his death or how Annie reacted. he just died when the mutts attacked. period.    All in all, i felt cheated.I felt like it was just another series of unfortunate events, except the author doesn't tell you the book is full of nothing but grief.Like this book wasn't real and the next one will come along with all the right endings, twists , and villains. if anyone who is reading this hasn't read it yet, don't. go along with your fantasies about who she ended up with and don't let it ruin your mood. i literally just finished it and was so mad i got on here and wrote this whole thing.
B003XKPPOU|5.0|I've found that Pixar films are often like The Beatles' songs: they first premiered for kids but everyone can enjoy them - and after time and closer examination, you find that they're actually geared more toward adults; they get better as the years progress; and those who don't like them, you seriously question their taste. Sure, there's maybe one or two that aren't too favorable (for me, I compare [[ASIN:B000V1Y43W Cars [Blu-ray]]], the only Pixar film I'm not too crazy about, to \\"Revolution 9\\"), but, mostly, they're all pretty much genius. I realize there are anti-Beatles fans out there who are cursing my words. To them, I say, \\"Sorry, but I hope you know that whatever musician/band you really love, it's most likely they were influenced by The Beatles. You can't deny that The Beatles are a paramount in the music industry.\\" Anyway, let's move on ...<br /><br />The franchise that built Pixar returns to the masses for a third installment. I remember the first [[ASIN:B0030IIYWA Toy Story (Two-Disc Special Edition Blu-ray/DVD Combo w/ Blu-ray Packaging)]] being really good but I wasn't as crazy for it as most everyone else. Then, the sequel came out and I absolutely loved it. Over the years, I re-watched the first film a few times, and each time I watched it (like the first [[ASIN:B00009ZYC1 Shrek (Full Screen Single Disc Edition)]]), I enjoyed and appreciated it more and more. Like any third film in a trilogy, as a fan or someone who merely enjoyed the first two films, you hope that the last film is just as good, if not better, than the first two. Unfortunately, you're often disappointed. Even the sacred trilogies of the original [[ASIN:B001EN71DG Star Wars Trilogy]] and [[ASIN:B000NTPDSW The Godfather - The Coppola Restoration Giftset (The Godfather / The Godfather Part II / The Godfather Part III) [Blu-ray]]] films had fell victim to a bad/subpar final third act. But for those young and old fans of Woody and Buzz and all of Andy's toys, \\"Toy Story 3\\" will not disappoint you in the least!<br /><br />The brilliance of the \\"Toy Story\\" films is that it's not just a story about talking toys for kids to go ga-ga over. It's also a story about getting older and what that means to you and to those you care about, concern over growing out of relationships, building new relationships, accepting yourself for who you are and being OK with it, and moving on to what's next in life ... even though it can be excruciatingly scary. In this installment, we find the toys looking to find a place for themselves - and overcoming their own insecurities - now that their owner Andy is grown up and moving to college. Now here's where \\"Toy Story 3\\" shows its genius. In a trilogy where the human characters, although central to the storyline, haven't had much screen time, this film wraps up Andy's childhood in his home with his mom all in front of our eyes. And for any parent, whether you've had to see your kid(s) off away from home already or still have yet to experience it, it's understandably a bittersweet moment. It's that moment that will have moms weeping like babies, dads struggling to choke back the tears (even for me, who watched this scene with my daughter next to me), and those who don't even have kids appreciating the raw emotion and impact of such an inevitable moment in life.<br /><br />But let's not overlook the extremely clever humor that also goes with the trilogy and especially \\"Toy Story 3.\\" Not only are talents like Tom Hanks (Woody), Tim Allen (Buzz Lightyear), Don Rickles (Mr. Potato Head), John Ratzenberger (Hamm the Piggy Bank), Joan Cusack (Jesse), Wallace Shawn (Rex), Blake Clark (filling in for Jim Varney as Slinky Dog), Estelle Harris (Mrs. Potato Head), and Jodi Benson (Barbie) effortlessly bringing great laughs, but also newcomers Michael Keaton (Ken), Whoopi Goldberg (Stretch), Jeff Garlin (Buttercup the Unicorn), Kristen Schaal (Trixie), Bonnie Hunt (Dolly), Timothy Dalton (Mr. Pricklepants), and even baddie Ned Beatty (Lotso) add more humor that is subtle but hilarious without being too goofy or over-the-top - like most kids' movies nowadays. \\"Toy Story 3\\" has the entire package: drama, comedy, action, and even romance. But most importantly, it's got heart! This may sound hokey, and any film that tried to capture all of these different genres might come off as such. However, Disney Pixar has mastered their storytelling, and they have an uncanny way of tying all of these perfectly together to churn out some of the best movies (animated or not) today. Their animation has also emphatically improved with this latest release. In the scene where Buzz Lightyear's back panel is being opened and the tiny screws are taken out, when the camera closes up on them, the screws look like actual live-action, non-animated screws. There are several instances where the animation doesn't look like animation at all!<br /><br />One of my absolute favorite films last year was Pixar's [[ASIN:B001KVZ6G6 Up (Four-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + BD Live) [Blu-ray]]]. In fact, it's one of my favorite films of all time. With every feature that Pixar has released, I keep wondering when their streak of great films will end. I'm happy that they have yet to release a bad film. Even their animated shorts at the beginning of their feature films are great. This time, their short feature, \\"Day & Night,\\" is the best they've ever done - in animation and in story. It's my new favorite, taking the place of \\"For the Birds\\" which preceded [[ASIN:B00168OIOE Monsters, Inc. (Four-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]], and it should win awards. Overall, I would take movies like \\"Toy Story 3\\" over supposed hits like [[ASIN:B002VPE1B6 Avatar (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo) [Blu-ray]]] any day! I've seen James Cameron's blockbuster and even though his filmmaking techniques were groundbreaking, the story was extremely predictable just from watching the trailer, uninspiring and trite (the story being a recycled product of several films, most notably \\"Dances with Wolves,\\" \\"Pocahontas,\\" and even Cameron's own earlier, better release [[ASIN:B00009V7OL The Abyss (Special Edition)]], which focused more on emotion rather than special effects).<br /><br />Sure enough, Pixar has done it again! Their latest is sure to win an Oscar and I'd be surprised if it didn't. \\"Toy Story 3\\" is an enjoyable moviegoing experience, regardless of whether you have kids or not. It's a fun ride for all and not to be missed; this should be one of the films you definitely see in the theaters this summer!that is subtle but hilarious without being too goofy or over-the-top - like most kids' movies nowadays. \\"Toy Story 3\\" has the entire package: drama, comedy, action, and even romance. But most importantly, it's got heart! This may sound hokey, and any film that tried to capture all of these different genres might come off as such. However, Disney Pixar has mastered their storytelling, and they have an uncanny way of tying all of these perfectly together to churn out some of the best movies (animated or not) today. Their animation has also emphatically improved with this latest release. In the scene where Buzz Lightyear's back panel is being opened and the tiny screws are taken out, when the camera closes up on them, the screws look like actual live-action, non-animated screws. There are several instances where the animation doesn't look like animation at all!    One of my absolute favorite films last year was Pixar's [[ASIN:B001KVZ6G6 Up (Four-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + BD Live) [Blu-ray]]]. In fact, it's one of my favorite films of all time. With every feature that Pixar has released, I keep wondering when their streak of great films will end. I'm happy that they have yet to release a bad film. Even their animated shorts at the beginning of their feature films are great. This time, their short feature, \\"Day & Night,\\" is the best they've ever done - in animation and in story. It's my new favorite, taking the place of \\"For the Birds\\" which preceded [[ASIN:B00168OIOE Monsters, Inc. (Four-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]], and it should win awards. Overall, I would take movies like \\"Toy Story 3\\" over supposed hits like [[ASIN:B002VPE1B6 Avatar (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo) [Blu-ray]]] any day! I've seen James Cameron's blockbuster and even though his filmmaking techniques were groundbreaking, the story was extremely predictable just from watching the trailer, uninspiring and trite (the story being a recycled product of several films, most notably \\"Danceswith Wolves,\\" \\"Pocahontas,\\" and even Cameron's own earlier, better release [[ASIN:B00009V7OL The Abyss (Special Edition)]], which focused more on emotion rather than special effects).    Sure enough, Pixar has done it again! Their latest is sure to win an Oscar and I'd be surprised if it didn't. \\"Toy Story 3\\" is an enjoyable moviegoing experience, regardless of whether you have kids or not. It's a fun ride for all and not to be missed; this should be one of the films you definitely see in the theaters this summer!
B001P9EQH8|2.0|I was not expecting a lot, and got what I expected. The unit was on charge for 24 hours but would not take a charge. It ran when it was plugged into a USB connection but would not run otherwise. While plugged in it performed well with my iPod through the LOA I purchased. It didn't do a lot for my EnV Touch or a laptop headphone jack except add a little base and made the music \\"pHatt\\". I was using Sennhieser HD-448s.    I purchased this little amp through Amazon which it turns out was the right move since they issue call tickets for returns and it doesn't cost anything. Call me an idiot, but I am thinking of getting the E7 as a replacement just to improve the sound quality of my laptop.
B003INBNXO|5.0|My husband loves this movie.  We ordered it 1 day before it was due to released.  We received in mail 1 day after it was released.
0375507256|3.0|I put this book down after 250 pages.  It got such huge accolades I had to give it a try.  Weelll, I'll use an analogy.  When I listen to a guitarist ripping it up in jazz/rock fusion, I say \\"man he can play\\" but then switch it off because it just doesn't hit me.  That's how it is with \\"Cloud Atlas.\\"  I can appreciate the skill to write in different styles and time periods, but I just don't like it that much.  To me, it's like reading short stories with the smallest of threads linking them together.  And there isn't a compelling storyline or human relationship in the individual stories or as a whole that pulls me along.  I give stars for my level of enjoyment of a book and for that it gets three - barely.
0316017922|4.0|If you read Gladwell's The Tipping Point or Blink, be sure to read Outliers. Gladwell looks at icons of our time: Bill Gates, star basketball players, The Beatles, Oppenheimer and more and comes up with the theory that brains and talent will only take you so far. It's often being born at a certain time, luck, and luck-of-the-draw opportunities, which allowed these greats to be \\"great.\\"<br /><br />Gladwell's provocative ideas don't convince me that he's looked at all the angles of \\"success\\" and backed them with enough analysis. But as usual, this Gladwell book is entertaining and interesting to read.
0439023513|3.0|When I read the first two books, I thought they were genius. Here was a main character who didn't sit around and whimper at the tiniest thing, but used her strength and SHONE when retaliating about the stories \\"greater evil\\".<br /><br />Even before picking up Mockingjay, I expected it to be a turbulent ride, one that would be darker than the first two; not that the first two were all that dark. I also knew that this would not skimp out on the grief of the characters nor would it be relentless. In reality - it was even more so than I was expecting.<br /><br />This book is the kind where even when the story moves so smooth and fast, it's slow. It drags throughout so much of the book before it reaches any action, but it still sucks you so that you can't put it down. I read this book in less than 7 hours, almost in one sitting.<br /><br />Heres some things I didn't particularly enjoy: SPOILERS!<br /><br />1- Katniss spent too much time getting knocked out or sitting in a hospital bed.<br />2- She also spent too much time moping around. She guessed and double-guessed, even triple, all the things going on around her, she really didn't do anything for a long time. When she did do things, they felt superficial and shallow, not anything like the katniss we grew to know in the first two books.<br />3- I don't know if it was just me reading or what (when i get hooked into a fast paced book, my eyes kinda jump all around the page,and I read super fast, so sometimes but not usually I miss things) but the writing style seemed a bit disorienting.<br /><br />SPOILERS!<br />I also have to admit that I wanted Katniss to end up with Gale; I really thought his character was a good one, what with how fiery he is. I didn't mind Peeta either, but I just liked Gale better. However, in the course of the book, we got to know more of their characters; slowly, i began to dislike them both. I hated Peeta, and I despised Gale (by the end). I felt like they were both traitors, no offense to Peeta or anything, but I just can't excuse the way Collins had Gale act. (Yes, i know these are just characters, but I refer to them as real people.)<br /><br />I loved and hated the ending. I won't say it was bittersweet, because I found nothing sweet about it. Another thing I should say, is that I don't cry when reading a book very often; it takes a lot in books to move me like that. But by the time i finished the top paragraph on page 350, my eyes were tearing up. By the time I had reached the book, I had shed a few tears. I felt the loss of those characters very much. Like another reviewer has said, when the supporting characters are made so wonderfully, it makes their loss that much worse. That's what really got me. It wasn't the end of the war, or Katniss's plunges into insanity with all the trauma - it was the death and destruction of the supporting characters who made this series a bit sweeter, a bit more sincere.<br /><br />I know I haven't said much good about this book, but it is good. People should give it a chance. I will probably read it again, eventually, but its too soon now to even think about anytime in the near future. It definitely wasn't how I was hoping it would end, but its not my story and therefor not my choice. I don't think there were any other ways to finish it though, without leaving important things out.<br /><br />So read it, finish the story, and just let it sink in.ollins had Gale act. (Yes, i know these are just characters, but I refer to them as real people.)    I loved and hated the ending. I won't say it was bittersweet, because I found nothing sweet about it. Another thing I should say, is that I don't cry when reading a book very often; it takes a lot in books to move me like that. But by the time i finished the top paragraph on page 350, my eyes were tearing up. By the time I had reached the book, I had shed a few tears. I felt the loss of those characters very much. Like another reviewer has said, when the supporting characters are made so wonderfully, it makes their loss that much worse. That's what really got me. It wasn't the end of the war, or Katniss's plunges into insanity with all the trauma - it was the death and destruction of the supporting characters who made this series a bit sweeter, a bit more sincere.     I know I haven't said much good about this book, but it is good. People should give it a chance. I will probably read it again, eventually, but its too soon now to even think about anytime in the near future. It definitely wasn't how I was hoping it would end, but its not my story and therefor not my choice. I don't think there were any other ways to finish it though, without leaving important things out.     So read it, finish the story, and just let it sink in.
0143034901|5.0|In post-WWII Barcelona, young Daniel is taken by his bookseller father to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books. He is told to choose a book to protect. He selects one. He reads it, loves it and searches for the rest of the author's works only to discover that someone is trying to destroy every book the author has ever written. This book is part detective story, part boy's adventure, part romance, fantasy and gothic horror.
B0036EH3WU|3.0|I love LOST,  I am a lostie....... but I hate this set.  I would have preferred to have just a standard set that would fit on my shelf.....  I HATE HATE HATE the packaging...  almost makes me want to return it and wait for a standard no frills box set to come out...
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|When I finished the book I was so mad that I felt that I could have thrown the book against the wall! But then I started to think about it, how else could the book have ended? It was the perfect ending, it may not have felt like it at first but it was. My opinion of the series shifted after reading this book. Before I seen it as a dystopian fantasy series with a love triangle that had to overcome difficulties (this being killed by the government). This book made me see that all of the events in the book could be totally plausible at some point if things got out of control. I think we were all wrong when we thought this was kind of more a love story in a way where the characters had to deal with a murdering government keeping their life's miserable. It was not a love story at all, it was a war story that dealt with the real life issues that happen when there is war. I was mad that Katniss and Peeta didn't end up whole again, but that is what happens in the real world when people go through trauma. How could they ever be ok again?    I thought for sure when they sent her back to 12 that they had ruled she had to go into the last games for killing Coin, and were just waiting for everything to be prepared and have her think that she was safe. Then one day she would wake up and see the arena and the last sentence would have been something like \\"welcome to the 76th hunger games, May the odds be ever in your favor\\" then she sees Peta, Gale and everyone else she cares for that is still alive and then the book would have ended. Glad it didn't end that way though.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|Language is a little aggressive but that is par for the course. I rarely listen to rap music but make and exception for Eminem. Brilliant album!
B001AQO3QA|2.0|How anyone would want to get this set I have no idea!Everyone knows that only the first two movies in the series are any good.The 3rd and especially the 4th movies aren't even worth having.They started out wrong -- plot,writing, direction -- everything was wrong.And it didn't get better as the movies went along -- in fact,it got worse!This is exactly the opposite of what happened in the first two movies -- they got better as the movies went along!Even Alien fans will have to admit that the 3rd and 4th movies are no where near as good as the first two movies! This Blu-Ray set is for Alien FANATICS only!Because they will go out and pay the high price for a set that only has two good movies in it!What 20th Century Fox SHOULD have done is come out with a Blu-Ray set that ONLY has the first two movies in it -- that way,you'd be assured of getting the best movies in the series!Since they probably won't do this,the best thing to do is to get the first two movies separately -- as I said,at least you'd be getting the best movies in the series.Again,this set is for Alien fanatics only!
031606792X|5.0|This book is fabulous. It had twists that I never saw coming. I can't imagine how they are going to make this book a movie. I can't wait to see it. It was so different from the other books in the series. I am just an average reader and this book has over 700 pages; I read it in 3 days.
6305013578|4.0|I had never seen this movie before, but when I watched it, I was facinated by the effects for that time period. Seemed to drag in some spots but overall I enjoyed it and would recommend it to people who havent seen it yet!
B002ZG9968|4.0|This is a fun and entertaining romantic comedy. I saw it in the movie theater and will purchase the DVD.   The movie is good but not great! Just like anything else that's recently been released from Hollywood regarding romantic comedies....So don't expect anything new and original... just enjoy it and if it's only because of Alex O'Loughlin ;-)     The days for great romantic comedies seems to be gone. I remember the days of Harry and Sally, Sleepless in Seattle, etc... Those were really amazing and original, but it seems like Hollywood has lost the \\"spark\\" for making truly original romantic comedies with characters that have amazing chemistry.
B002ZRPQ5K|1.0|Like many here I have been a Keane fan since the beginning. I have seen their steady decline since UTIS. Perfect Symmetry was anything but that. A couple of good songs but mostly 80's sounding music and Tom's voice sounding harsh instead of soaring and beautiful as on the first two cd's.As the Wizard of Oz might have said if he heard this cd.What is this \\"collection of clinking, clanking, clattering collection of kaligenous junk!\\" How do we go from Hopes and Fears to this in 6 short years? Starts off with a song that is not a song. It is just a filler. Then we have two songs with rap in them. Talk about oil and water and NOT peanut butter and jelly. That is Keane and rap. We have a song being partially sang in Japanese and not sure why that was so important for them to do. Let alone release it on an EP. There is a Rocky theme song thrown in for good measure. I know, like many of you, I shook my head back and forth wondering what in the world this was.I could barely get through the songs let alone play them again. I do have my emotions to think about. Right now, they have been scarred for life. The only saving grace is the last song which gets back to Keane's roots. At least a little. It boggles the mind to think where they have come to in their musical career. Once a promising and excellent band to this. Well, let's hope for something better in the future. I said that after Perfect Symmetry also and then this thing happened. For some reason I still think they have too much talent to stay in this trench forever. At least my brain is trying to stay positive even though my ears hurt.
0061002860|5.0|As other readers note, the ending of this book is among the most clever endings to a work of mystery.  Being that readers are often guessing throughout the book, the guessing will become dizzying.  Though some of Christie's work now seems dated by today's standards, this book certainly stands the test of time.    Mrs. Ferrars takes her life after poisoning her husband.  This happens before the story begins.  Roger Ackroyd does not die until over fifty pages into the book.  But who would have motive to kill him?  At times, the reader may wonder if the book is even actually about Ackroyd's murder.  Using his gray matter, Hercule Poirot leads readers though the investigation via Dr. Shepard's narration.  The chain of death is linked and good suspects are easy to find.  But as the suspect list dwindles, it seems as though there is nobody left.    Though the dialogue is a bit cumbersome at times, this is a short book.  It is best read in as little time as possible.  Going away from the book for a time may cause the reader to confuse characters.  For the ending alone, this book is worth reading even for non-Christie fans.
B0039TD7PY|4.0|Well, I won't go into specifics since others have done that to the nth degree. I'll just add that I am very please with this DVD/CD set and highly recommend it to any Carole King and/or James Taylor fan.
B0036EH3XE|4.0|Like most people, I was completely into this season until the church scene during \\"The End\\".  My jaw dropped too.  This was practically gift-wrapped as a parallel dimension story and they gave us that?  I agree with another reviewer that said the flash sideways could have been removed.  The island story was definitely more compelling, especially as it became more tragic.  However, there were a lot of questions left unanswered.  What happens to you when you become the landlord of the island?  What is that light and why can it destroy the world?  Why did the smoke monster become a smoke monster?  It just seemed like more time could have been spent on answers instead of the flash sideways that are still making everyone crazy months later because of the show's resolution.     Now on to the extras!  I have to start on the missing extras that should have been there.  Considering there are still people who don't understand how the show ended, why wasn't there a commentary on \\"The End\\"?  It seems crazy not to at least get Damon Lindelof on a commentary for it. Also, it was strange not to see \\"The Final Journey\\" that aired before the finale as an extra.  Maybe it was because the extras were so entertaining that it just feels as if there were too few.  The best by far is the EPILOGUE!  Yes, some of the cast that survived showed up for what happened to some of the characters and even Dharma after the show ended. And yes, I admit, I am addicted to those Dharma videotapes.  \\"Crafting the Final Season\\" was also a nice feature to say farewell to the show.  If you're a Star Wars fan and have seen History Channel's documentary on the mythos behind Star Wars, \\"A Hero's Journey\\" will sound very familiar.  \\"See You in Another Life,Brotha\\" was helpful for anyone, ahem nearly everyone, still scratching their heads about the flash-sideways. It does make you appreciate that, yes, they did maticulously plan out this season.  The commentaries, as always, were quite entertaining.    Overall,this was a very entertaining set and remarkable final season.  Few shows get to end on their own terms, and this DVD set will make you appreciate that Lost was one of them.
0399156577|4.0|Nora Roberts does it again. While I enjoy her books that have featured witches, vampires, time travelers, etc., it is her stories that contain everyday people that hold the most enjoyment for me.  You have to like her characters --- flaws and all.  Thanks, Nora, for many, many hours of reading fun.  I can pick up a book that I read years before and settle down with good characters and an interesting plot.  I may sell some of my books, but all my Nora Roberts are on my bookshelves permanently to be read and re-read.  Losing one of them would be like losing an old friend.
0321543726|4.0|Written by the man himself! This book is a great introduction to C++ and is a great help to beginners like me!
B0013FSL3E|4.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />I do regret missing seeing \\"WALL-E\\" on the big screen, so I had to console myself by watching this \\"mechanical\\", post-utopic, sci-fi romance melodrama on Encore at home. My attitude towards the overall product is somewhat ambivalent. Overall, I am generally glad that I saw it, but I am leery of comments declaring it a complete masterpiece. Make no mistake; WALL-E solidifies Pixar's impressive track record of entertaining movies with something substantial to say, but I felt that in the last analysis it gives its unassuming protagonist a little bit of short shrift.<br /><br />WALL-E (hereafter WALL-ET because of his obvious homage to ET and his beneficial effect upon Pixar's revenues, hee-hee) is a bit of a Frankenstein. In addition to ET, he is also an amalgamated mash-up of R2-D2, Johnny 5 from the \\"Short Circuit\\" films, the gardening droids from \\"Silent Running\\", and even the hobbit Bilbo Baggins. This sentient trash disposal unit lives a near solitary existence on a trash-besotted Earth in the 29th century. Ironically, although it looks like a sepia-toned nuclear wasteland, Earth just choked up on its own refuse. Humans have abandoned the planet and plan to return when Earth is once again habitable. WALL-ET's eternal job is to clean the rubbish one cube at a time. He has done this so long he has constructed cubed junk towers and pyramids. During his eons-long existence he has accrued enough sentience to collect discarded items like a packrat, watch a time-worn \\"Hello Dolly\\" videocassette (what, no DVD?)and to befriend the only living thing left, a surprisingly appealing cockroach (although given their legendary durability, WALL-ET should have had thousands of cockroach friends).<br /><br />The first, rough third of the movie silently records WALL-ET's bleak daily grind. The second third of the movie depicts WALL-ET's encounter with a \\"feminine\\" robotic scout from a reconnaissance ship. Named EVE, her job is to scan Earth for any signs of vegetative life. At first, WALL-ET and EVE's encounters and courtship are tentative and perilous, as EVE basically regards WALL-ET as a hostile enemy good only for target practice and WALL-ET timorously tries to make friends with her. EVE eventually warms up to WALL-ET when he shows her a plant he has transferred to an old shoe (for me, this was a poignant moment that asserted that life will always find a way no matter what). She appropriates the plant to take back to the mothership, the Axiom, for analysis. Upon analysis, the Axiom will determine that it is time to return home with its cargo of dispossessed human passengers.<br /><br />So, for the first two-thirds of the movie I was quietly charmed by stark, photorealistic scenery and themes of loneliness, abandonment, making contact, human profligacy, and corporate greed (Buy & Large being the corporate villain - clever name! By and Large, buy and enlarge, get it?) Pixar is our \\"American anime\\" with its meticulous rendition of mechanical, non-organic, and non-human characters. However, in the third and final act, when WALL-ET follows his new friend EVE to the Axiom, that same \\"American anime\\" showcases the same weakness as its Japanese counterpart - goofy-looking, grotesque humanoids.<br /><br />The Axiom resembles an ultra-modern space cruise ship that caters to everyone's need. However, the passengers have been at space so long (700 years) that they have regressed into flabby beanbags with appendages. They need hoverchairs to get around. WALL-ET encounters both mechanical and human obstacles on his way to meet EVE again, and the overall chase is fun. Yet, the problem I found with the movie at this point is that although nominally the hero, WALL-ET, for all his appeal and pluck, is eclipsed by EVE and the Axiom's captain, just as Bilbo Baggins was eclipsed by more colorful characters in \\"The Hobbit\\". The captain's struggles against his ship's computer AUTO (which for some unexplained reason wishes to keep the Axiom cruising indefinitely), and his own physical inertia, take precedence over WALL-ET's quest. Even when our little reluctant hero sacrifices himself to save the Axiom a la ET, he is still eclipsed. Of course, EVE saves him with the spare parts WALL-ET has amassed on Earth, and the captain manages to bring the passengers back to Earth for recolonization. Uplifting as this ending is, it seemed too pat and abrupt for me.<br /><br />Nevertheless, \\"WALL-ET\\" is much more than a sensationalistic thrill ride and the adventures of the obligatory cute robot seeking companionship. It is also an ultimately somber and disconcerting testimony to conspicuous excess and wretched consumption, which it took a dedicated trash compactor to point out.indefinitely), and his own physical inertia, take precedence over WALL-ET's quest. Even when our little reluctant hero sacrifices himself to save the Axiom a la ET, he is still eclipsed. Of course, EVE saves him with the spare parts WALL-ET has amassed on Earth, and the captain manages to bring the passengers back to Earth for recolonization. Uplifting as this ending is, it seemed too pat and abrupt for me.    Nevertheless, \\"WALL-ET\\" is much more than a sensationalistic thrill ride and the adventures of the obligatory cute robot seeking companionship. It is also an ultimately somber and disconcerting testimony to conspicuous excess and wretched consumption, which it took a dedicated trash compactor to point out.
B003OCWF6I|3.0|3.4 stars<br /><br />Seems like every other movie these days is a comic book remake (are there that few good scripts floating around?). In the comic book vein, The Losers is a pretty good effort. Morgan is fun, if no great actor, the rest are entertaining, and the action is fast and plentiful.<br /><br />It's light in tone yet very violent, and the violence is so endless that it gets rather tiring after a while. Jason Patric made me laugh as the villain a number of times, and along with Evans adds most of the fun here. Saldana didn't do it for me; she was far more annoying than sexy, a nightmare in many ways. Maybe that's just me. And hey, it's just a comic book, I mean movie, so who cares.<br /><br />If you need to see a lot of bad guys get shot and a lot of stuff get blown up, The Losers will do it for you.
B002VECM6S|1.0|Delivery was fast. When I played the movie the quality was very poor and led me to believe it may have been a copy pirated. Two-thirds way through the movie it glitched every three minutes until I finally gave up. I was very disappointed in the quality of the DVD.    I had saved the original box my DVDs came in and sent the movie back to Amazon in it's original shipping box with a note inserted in the DVD case explaining the poor quality. Amazon was very quick to give me a complete refund and a refund of my shipping costs. Amazon handled the matter very well and I prefer buying from Amazon over eBay now.
B002ZG97RY|4.0|3.8 stars<br /><br />Look at the comments and reviews for Hurt Locker here; there are dozens of soldiers pointing out how unreal so much of that film is, and how a real soldier wouldn't do much of what that film shows. Now look at the reviews and comments for Green Zone. I see exactly one soldier who thought it was unrealistic...and then only in how Damon's character steps over the political line of not doing what he's ordered to.<br /><br />Almost all the soldiers in the film were in Iraq, and they made the decisions on the set about how the battle and other army scenes went. The head consultant, Monty Gonzales, was the guy who did in Iraq what Damon does here: look for WMDs. And for those who call this movie propaganda, he says on the extra doc here that he knew there were no WMDs after his first mission looking for them; Damon takes three missions to decide. So is that real-life soldier a liberal Hollywood propaganda plant? I don't think so.<br /><br />Looking at this film purely technically, it's got one huge flaw: the hand-held cams are way too shaky. That makes it hard to watch with enjoyment at times. I'm pretty tired of handheld=real; that equation's over and done with by now. Let it go, directors. A spice, yes; a main dish, no. Here it just distracts and detracts.<br /><br />Damon is pretty good, and the soldiers all said in interviews that they believed him as their chief after two days, so they'd know best. The film feels real, no doubt, and it's a good (not great) thriller, political considerations aside. If you're looking for a war movie, this is a decent one. But avoid the blu-ray; the movie was shot in a very grainy way to make it seem more real, and the dvd gets that across just as well for less coin.<br /><br />Now let's talk about the story. The truth is, we never did find any WMDs in Iraq, and the intel does look in hindisght to be false. Gonzales, the real soldier in charge of looking for them here, says so himself. Or do you know better than him? He points out that this is a fictional film in an online article he wrote after the film, and obviously that's true. Damon's character could never do what he did here and get away with it. Yet neither would the CIA be as upstanding as they appear here, and willing to fight Bush's White House (Abu Ghraib comes to mind). So it cuts both ways, for those who call this liberal propaganda.<br /><br />Let's be honest: almost everything around this \\"war\\" when it was going on was neocon propaganda, and they are the folks who own the defense companies who've made hundreds of billions from all this. Not many liberals are war profiteers, you can at least give them that. So if they want to create their own clearly fictional movie about the war, let them. I'm neither lib nor hawk; I just think we're lied to daily by both sides, dems and reps. I don't trust ANY of 'em.<br /><br />But I have no issues with watching a movie like this and considering its ideas. If you truly love democracy, you need to hear all three sides of any (war) story: yours, mine, and the truth. From that vantage point, I like this movie more than Hurt Locker. Although it claimed to be apolitical, and \\"just showed soldiers doing their jobs\\", how can you possibly separate soldiering and morality? That's like saying the German soldiers who rounded up folks with yellow stars and sent them to the showers had no complicity. Come on. At some point we all have to make decisions as to what we're willing to do for our families, our countries, and the human race in general. Isn't that a big part of what America, and the whole old Hollywood John Wayne/Clint Eastwood mythos, is all about?<br /><br />That's what makes Green Zone interesting; it goes where Hurt Locker was afraid to go. It lets soldiers make moral decisions. Realistic or not, it's a very thought-provoking idea, and since when is thinking deeply about a war that cost us a trillion dollars, and so much more vitally cost hundreds of thousands of innocent Iraqis their lives, since when is it wrong to really consider how honest and right the entire war was? Never, I'd say. I want all sides of the picture. Which is why we hear so little about Afghanistan: the money is rolling in for the contractors, and the less we think about that, and what we're really achieving over there, the better for the war profiteers. War is great business, and once you get one going, it's a gravy train (if not for liberals, those poor suckers).<br /><br />Let's be honest: if we really love our soldiers, why do we want to put them in harm's way? Why do we treat them like trash once they've lost limbs for us and come home to be homeless in many cases? Do we really care about them as people, or do we just want them to die for us so we can wave the flag and feel noble and proud? These are questions that rarely get asked, and any movie that addresses them is worth watching.<br /><br />As the vet from Iraq who lives next to me says: if we truly love American soldiers, why are we sending them off to die in order to to rebuild other countries, when we're not rebuilding our own? One line here resonates over and over as we watch our country go bankrupt behind this war, for no apparent reason but greed: \\"Don't be naive.\\"<br /><br />The Green Zone asks those tough questions, and for that it's worth watching.onest and right the entire war was? Never, I'd say. I want all sides of the picture. Which is why we hear so little about Afghanistan: the money is rolling in for the contractors, and the less we think about that, and what we're really achieving over there, the better for the war profiteers. War is great business, and once you get one going, it's a gravy train (if not for liberals, those poor suckers).    Let's be honest: if we really love our soldiers, why do we want to put them in harm's way? Why do we treat them like trash once they've lost limbs for us and come home to be homeless in many cases? Do we really care about them as people, or do we just want them to die for us so we can wave the flag and feel noble and proud? These are questions that rarely get asked, and any movie that addresses them is worth watching.    As the vet from Iraq who lives next to me says: if we truly love American soldiers, why are we sending them off to die in order to to rebuild other countries, when we're not rebuilding our own? One line here resonates over and over as we watch our country go bankrupt behind this war, for no apparent reason but greed: \\"Don't be naive.\\"    The Green Zone asks those tough questions, and for that it's worth watching.
B00133KFGW|5.0|The delivery of the DVD was fast and I was happy to see the quality was very good. This was the second DVD I purchased from Amazon and I was very pleased. I recommend Amazon DVDs.    The movie is a great inspirational movie for musicians and those with the gift of music.
B0031KE9C6|5.0|I always thought this show was cool. It was smart and witty. Veronica was a good role model for young women. She had good values and morals. That's prob why it was canceled.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies ever.  George Clooney is hillarious.  Very entertaining.
