B002WY65VU|5.0|This is a Horror/Comedy, with a bit more of the comedy. It stars Jesse Eisenberg, who is the last person you would expect to survive Armageddon...yet, here he is. The rest of the characters are a twinkie-obsessed tough guy, played by Woody Harrelson and two sisters, played by Emma Stone and Abigail Breslin. Yes, this movie was directly inspired by \\"Shaun Of The Dead\\". If you liked that, you'll love this. It actually has logical thinking, about how to survive EOW. That said, it is more of a comedy and it is NOT SCARY AT ALL. Except, at the end...zombie clown. Look, it's funny, has a cool cameo and a cute girl. Just see it.
B0058EBNAO|3.0|Loaded this app on my Xoom tablet. Entered zip for location. Took some time to load but once it did, it's a VERY nice app. Now though, here's the problem. It continues to run in the background and for the life of me, I can't find any way to shut it down. I went as far as loading Advanced Task Killer but that doesn't even close this app. I am usually pretty good at this stuff but not this time. Would have given 5 stars if I could close it. So, if anyone can school me up here, it would be appreciated.
B0017SWSCW|4.0|I SO ENJOY READING ARCHER'S BOOKS AND THIS ONE WAS NO EXCEPTION.  IT STARTED OFF GREAT AND KEPT ME WANTING TO KEEP ON READING UNTIL THE VERY END
B0058EBNAO|4.0|Not sure why other reviewers are having issues with this app - perhaps they are fairly new to smart phone apps in general?  Options were very easy to access and configure: menu button->\\"more\\"->\\"options\\" (pretty standard Android app UI).  Status bar notification options are right there, amongst about a dozen other options such as units and update schedule.<br /><br />The weather clock is a clever conceit and works well, it's nice to be able to see the forecast vis a vis the time so easily.<br /><br />App UI is indeed beautiful.  I liked being able to long press and then move the clock dial around to see the forecast for different times.  Switching between graphical visualization and detailed text on 10 day forecast screen by a tap is nice too.<br /><br />4x4 Widget isn't nearly as pretty as app UI, but certainly not terrible.  If widget was as pretty as UI I would give this app five stars.<br /><br />On my Sidekick 4G it quickly and correctly identified my location and loaded the weather in Edmonton, AB.
B001N26GFM|3.0|The DVD of the Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is based on the book of the same name by John Boyne. The basic story is that of Bruno, the naïve and innocent son of the camp commandant of a Jewish concentration camp (Auschwitz). Bored with the lack of playmates, Bruno goes exploring and finds a boy in striped pyjamas on the other side of a high fence, and makes friends, with tragic consequences. The movie follows the basic tenet of the book, but differs on some minor points, (certainly, Shmuel looked less like a starved Jew than Bruno did) and I found the plummy English accent a little off-putting. It has a dramatic, Hollywood-style ending.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I have seen all of the star wars movies first run in the theaters.  I grew up watching star wars, George Lucas and his adaptation of of classic allegory and Joseph Campbell Philosophy is genius.  However the movies were made in a time when technology was somewhat lacking.  Let the modern artist touch up the Da Vinici.  Just like the Sistine chapel had to be re-furbished, Star wars can use an Imagery update.  It doesn't change the core of what the movie is and what it is about, the soul of the movie remains true.  Just sit back, relax and enjoy the new ride.  No mater what Lucas is a genius.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I love this series!  It is a must read for everyone.  One of the only books I've read in awhile that keeps you engaged until the very last word!
158270208X|5.0|Try, it - it will really make a difference in your life.  It helps melt away all the negative things that are going on in your life, and helps you to focus on the good and the positive.  Which helps you find more good and more positive.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|This app works great on my Droid X on Verizon. I turned on my gps and within a few min it found my location. It is a well made app with a ton of data...but you have to be a savvy user...dumb dumbs need not apply. I run Watchdog to monitor any apps that are memory hogs, it has not reported any problems with this app.  The clock display is really nice...kudos to the dev on this app!
B004HO6I4M|5.0|This is a wonderful movie. Great music  and a great storyline. My little girl loved it and so did her parents. Very good.
B003V4AK8E|4.0|At first use, we loved this controller because it was very freeing to not have to use a corded controller. However, there is something about the placement of the d-pad that somehow makes our hand hurt a little more at the end of the day than the Sony-branded controllers we are used to using. I may just be us, but I thought I would mention it.
B004SKLFJS|5.0|For nearly 15 years, Michael still has the magic and still captivates our senses with his highly technical dancing and choreography.  Need I mention his beautiful and ultra energetic dancers?  Wow!  Watching this on Blu-ray takes me back in '97 when I first watched The original.  Michael definitely raised the ante with this newly released and re-invented performance.  This show doesn't get old.
161720238X|1.0|This book is written by an author who assumes the reader is religious and wants to do lots of praying. It is filled with biblical quotations. A much better book on this subject is \\"The Genie Within\\" by Harry W. Carpenter. Carpenter does mention prayer in his book, but does not use it as the main methodology as Murphy does. If you are very religious and want to do lots of praying, buy the Murphy book.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I have had this service across three different phone platforms and it has NEVER failed me. The first thing you need to make sure of is your settings, based on reviews saying they couldn't get it to work (also check to make sure that your phone IS supported). They recently added a second weather service input, giving you two differing opinions (based on your local weather data), I like it! They've also recently added radar support, not bad (needs some work, but its okay so far). The main page is a nice summary is that days weather outlook with a pressure gauge reading (for those who know how they work). Secondary page is the clock with temperature, UV, percentage chance of precipitation and wind speed and direction. Helps you plan your day based on fairly accurate info (I rate them as significantly more accurate than my local weatherman). Lastly, weekly outlook. Gives you some basic info on what to expect over the next several days.
B00007KWHG|5.0|after seeing the play, \\" jersey boys \\", i was absolutely thrilled that i could purchase a cd of frankie valli & the four seasons!  i listen to it constantly!
B004H1V5RU|5.0|My 8 year old loves this maze, he duels with his friends to see who can get farther along in the game. Even my husband has a great time challenging my eight year old to beat his level. It was dropped a couple of times already and does not seem any worse for wear.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|strange, it won't find location through gps or zip code... other weather applications work fine though. seems slow as well. Motorola Atrix with latest android updates.
B004LWZW42|5.0|\\"I always knew I couldn't be the only one who was... different.\\"  After Charles Xavior (McAvoy) meets Raven as a child his life takes on new meaning.  When he runs into Erik Lensherr (Fassbender) as an adult he realizes that there is a group that needs to be accepted.  The \\"X-Men\\" are born.  Having never been a big fan of the series I was not really looking forward to this movie.  After watching it I became a fan.  This movie is the expectation to the rule that the more sequels you make the worse they get.  This one is the best of all of them.  The fact that this movie is set against actual historical events makes this seem like more then another comic book movie.  The origins of the \\"X-Men\\" set against the Cuban Missle Crisis is great for a history buff like me.  This is a movie that much like the \\"Star Wars\\" prequels you don't need to see the others first, but you will understand more and get the call-back jokes.  For someone who was not a fan of this to start with I loved it.  For those that already are fans you will absolutly love this.  For those who have never seen any of these before, this is a good start.  Overall, not just a good sequel or comic book movie, but a great movie in general.  Highly recommend. I easily give it an A.<br /><br />Would I watch again? - I saw in theaters, rented it and will buy it.<br /><br />*Also try - The entire X-Men series.
1401924751|5.0|There are those of us who scamper in circles, gazing at the thing we know we want to do, but wanting it so much that we can't bring ourselves to try it in case we fail.     I brought these cards at random after they jumped out at me at a bookshop. I'd been looking at them on Amazon many times, but figured that as I already have 11 decks, I don't need another one.... But I am mindful of the thing where your Angels throw books at your head in a bookstore, so I brought them.    They are very beautiful - the colours are bright and clear and the illustrations are quite lovely. I looked at each one in turn, cleared and attuned the deck, and then did a simple three card reading. The first one that I turned up said \\"You have a book inside you\\" at which point I had to stop to burst into tears, and then laugh, and then burst into tears again. Once I had finished honking and giggling, and managed to pull myself together, I did the rest of the reading - about music helping me and being on my path. Yes, I have been a writer for many, many years now. I don't actually make money out of it :) I don't submit my work for publication :) Except the occasional poem, which often gets published :)    I didn't really expect these to work, let alone to be so accurate on a first reading. I am now looking at her other decks to see if any of them resonate as well....     My overall review is: spookily accurate, and highly recommended.    PS: I have the writing journal, now I am waiting for guidance on what to write about !
B0058EBNAO|1.0|will not set up or update. widgets don't work. even free, not worth it. always searching for gps, even outside with direct. line of sight. evo 3d
1591844096|5.0|Just wrote an extensive review on my blog, Prolific Living, but a few thoughts for Amazon friends:<br /><br />Seth Godin needs no introduction. A world class marketer, a best-selling author of a dozen books, an unmatched voice of influence, not to mention a sincerely genuine person on every interview and interaction. He is too good to be real and yet so real, it's hard to believe.<br /><br />Even so, I did put the book down. I even came close to shipping it off to a friend but I came back to it. I read it. I finished it. I devoured it. I loved it.<br />Brilliant thoughts expressed in simple form and through stories and facts and experiences. After reading it, you examine your every move; you look at your decisions with fresh new perspective, and you wonder why no one else told you to do \\"emotional work\\" and called you an artist all these years when you were trying to give your art to the world. And why you let the \\"lizard brain\\" have so much power over your plans and prospects. I have now come to know my lizard brain and I have seen evidence of my linchpin within. What about you?<br /><br />To permanently shut off the lizard brain may take a long time but recognizing the things that stand in the way of our dreams is the first step toward greatness.<br /><br />So what does it take to be the linchpin, to become truly indispensable? Is it to write endlessly, to create daily, to be original and authentic and to do it day in and day out tirelessly? Is it to dig deep and find one single genius idea and spend the rest of your days on bringing it to life? Or is it going through one bad idea after another until a good one emerges?
B00275EHJG|5.0|This was a fantastic ending to a really great movie series. I love how they got the same cast and added some new fun voices. My son loves all the toy stories, but this one is my favorite.
B004E547D8|5.0|I love all the actors in this movie.  It was a lot of fun to watch.  You've got everything: comedy, romance, action and a fun story line.  I highly recommend it.  To top it off, it's one I can watch with my kids, because there is no nudity in it.  I love that!
B004SBS8LA|2.0|This app requires connection to cellular or wi-fi.  Too much tether for me - can't use on an Airplane or when the cellular is turned off to save battery.
B0051CSIKQ|2.0|Drat, I thought I had a winner here, it certainly opened strong enough with a doozy of a sequence involving an attack on a family, but after that........it fizzled into a lackluster road trip with an occasional flurry of action.<br /><br />The issues I have with this movie complied themselves at an alarming rate as I watched its meager story play out.  First of all, the characters weren't fully developed, they remained ciphers throughout (and worse, unlikable).  Second, the `action' was simply that overused gimmick, \\"hit and run.\\"  I could time when the next event was going to occur; it went like clockwork.  This type of repetition speaks of a lazy mind (in this case, 2 writers).  Also, too many lulls in a film purporting to be action/horror is a grave mistake.  These weren't helped by the taciturn drawl of the narrator, Martin (Connor Paolo), who droned his tale of woe throughout.  There was absolutely no attempt to sustain any horror element in this movie, not even basic tension.  Which is odd considering it's billed as a horror movie, a vampire movie at that.  You would think with material of that nature they would have no trouble building suspense, but no, they quickly tossed aside all the potentially exciting scenes, as if they were in the way of the boring road trip with an unemotional man and his boy sidekick.  I wish I could say they had a few surprises along the way but no, they didn't.  The so-called climatic sequence was one that could be seen coming hours earlier!  (I know it's only 98 minutes long but it felt like an eternity to me.)  If this sounds like I don't have anything to recommend, wait, it gets worse.  This movie also took on a decidedly anti-Christian point of view.  The level of bile directed at Christians went from \\"crazy cult\\" to \\"Christian crazies,\\" in the blink of an eye.  This movie even went so far as to place the `Christian menace' above that of the \\"vamps.\\"  I haven't seen that much hatred onscreen since the last Stephen King screed: The Mist.  If insulting and alienating an entire group was the filmmaker's intend, then I'd have to say they succeeded.  But in their haste to vent they also made a very poor film.  And that I can't overlook; definitely not a keeper..  If insulting and alienating an entire group was the filmmaker's intend, then I'd have to say they succeeded.  But in their haste to vent they also made a very poor film.  And that I can't overlook; definitely not a keeper.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|This app requires that you be connected by wi-fi or cellular to work.  I travel a lot and can't play it on airplanes!  Dang it!
034552554X|5.0|Have you ever received some flowers and really responded to the message of receiving them? Not just who they were from or what color roses were sent on a particular holiday but as if someone was trying to send you a message just based on the type of flower they sent?<br /><br />Victoria Jones has that uncanny ability to do just that. After spending years within the foster care system and in and out of more homes than most, she spent her time understanding and learning about the different types of plants, flowers and trees around her. Not only the scientific names as well as their common ones, but what is the meaning behind every single one. Now that she's 18 and technically homeless, she spends her first few weeks living in the park planting and overseeing the flowers she finds there.<br /><br />Often times she wanders the streets while looking for  job or something to eat and will come across a flower that she finds would be perfect to plant in the park. When fate plays a role in her life one day after helping Renata, the owner of Bloom, a local flower shop, she finds a perfect job suited just for her.<br /><br />At first it's only helping to create flower arrangements for weddings on the weekend, but when Renata leaves her in charge of the shop for a few hours, her ability to understand what customers wants when ordering flowers, makes her a sought after employee, especially when the recipient responds based on what she creates for them.<br /><br />In addition to making her way in this world, Victoria finds a chance encounter with a local flower vendor leads to more than she ever expected. Even though they don't exchange any words, they are able to communicate through the simple exchanges of different flowers and plants each time they meet.<br /><br />I received the novel, The Language of Flowers by Vanessa Diffenbaugh, compliments of Pump Up Your Book Tours and Random House Publishing House for my honest review and LOVED this concept. Even though the background story on Victoria's upbringing within the foster care system is hard, it helps you to understand how she uses her gift to speak to peoples hearts through the messages of flowers. It made me realize how often we don't think about what we are saying through the meanings of flowers we give, for example, lavender means mistrust, so what are we trying to say to the person we are sending it to. Makes you really consider that next flower arrangement you are going to send in the future. It makes for a great idea to surround the story around with Victoria's difficult upbringing but it all works so well in helping her work towards restoration in her life. I arrange for this book to receive a 5 out 5 stars!foster care system is hard, it helps you to understand how she uses her gift to speak to peoples hearts through the messages of flowers. It made me realize how often we don't think about what we are saying through the meanings of flowers we give, for example, lavender means mistrust, so what are we trying to say to the person we are sending it to. Makes you really consider that next flower arrangement you are going to send in the future. It makes for a great idea to surround the story around with Victoria's difficult upbringing but it all works so well in helping her work towards restoration in her life. I arrange for this book to receive a 5 out 5 stars!
0571238343|5.0|I bought this book a year ago and took time to write the review so I could compare with others out there.   This is BY FAR the best book on animation out there with thousands  of drawings demonstrating the basic and advanced  concepts of animation. What differences these book from the others is that this one has more drawings than words.  In my opinion when trying to learn drawing and animation a drawing is better than million words.
B004R0Y6L8|4.0|I ordered this book for my daughter as it was a reading assignment that was supposed to be completed BEFORE the end of the 1st week of school.  Classes started on August 22nd and based on the e-mail I received once I placed my order, I was sure I would have it in plenty of time.  Unfortunately, it took longer to arrive than expected. Thankfully, my daughter is a quick reader and she LOVED the book.  As a matter of fact, she had already seen the movie but the book is very different (typical) and she loved the book so much, she ended up checking the rest of the series out of the library and finishing them ALL in less than 2 weeks!
B004KKYX9K|5.0|what else can I say but Jodie Picoult's best ever. Tackling an issue that touches more than a few of us, Ms Picoult has produced a masterpiece. I have read many of her works, and thought they were magnificent. This has topped them all. Hard to put down.
B000002A46|5.0|I'll be the first to say that Mariah Carey isn't one of my favorite artist, but this christmas CD makes me wish the holidays would hurry up and come!! For me the songs are easy to connect with and I lose myself in imagining this special time of the year. Bottom line: this album is a must for all MC fans, but even if your not one, these songs are so good that you should still at least listen to it.
0375826742|5.0|I ordered both this and The Eldest and they came promptly at a reasonable price.  Have preordered final in the series and can't wait!
B005COO1X6|2.0|Glad it was short...read it as an intermission between other books. Story seems to have been told before. Again I like SK so was a nice interlude between Kindle books at the moment.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Darth Vader yelling Nooooo and Obi Wan sound did it for me.  Plus now the receiving of it is out to October.  Thanks for the detailed reviews people.
B004SRNH10|4.0|&#34;Adobe Air&#34; is required to be pre-installed for several popular apps to run on Android devices. This works perfectly on my HTC EVO running Android v2.3.3.<br /><br />Recommended, at least for those that want to run apps that require this to run.<br /><br />CFH
B003YFIUW8|5.0|Although, as another reviewer pointed out, there were some big inconsistencies with the language skills of Jack (narrator for entire book) - I gave this story 5 stars because I couldn't stop listening (a playaway from the local library) until it was over.  I did find it frustrating, at times, to only get Jack's point of view because some things he described his Ma doing didn't make sense to me.  Overall though, the book captivated me until the very end & left me wondering after I was done.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I saw this movie and it's my new favorite movie!  It was so inspirational, and I loved how they portrayed Bethany's amazing faith in God.  After seeing the movie, I read the book, and I was amazed at how true the movie stayed to her story.  I would definitely recommend this movie to everyone, non-Christians included!
B002K0WBXW|3.0|If you've seen the standard Hollywood rom-com--any standard Hollywood rom-com--then you have seen THE PROPOSAL, a formulaic and predictable slight rib-tickler that, in the end, leaves you completely. . .indifferent.  Sandra Bullock has played this type of part (the workaholic, all-consuming business professional) dozens of times before, and Ryan Reynolds has ten stages of annoying (in this role he is at stage six; no, make that seven); yet the premise is cute enough:  Bullock's character is in danger of being deported back to Canada, so to avoid this little dilemma she strong-arms her apprehensive assistant (Reynolds) into a faux engagement.  And to further dig themselves into a hole before a suspicious federal agent (Denis O'Hare), the would-be couple announces they will be heading for the weekend to introduce the would-be bride to the would-be groom's real life family--in Alaska (more on that later).  Once the story shifts there, the deception is further layered, before it unravels--yet (who would've thunk!) both protagonists suddenly realize they are hopelessly in luv.<br /><br />It's cute (like I said), and there are some giggle moments, and the venerable Betty White is constantly rushed in to say the choice one-liners (playing Reynolds' grandma), yet there's nothing here to offer a new twist or unique plot shift to keep THE PROPOSAL from rushing headlong towards its predictable ending.  Speaking of annoying, what in the world is Oscar Nunez doing in this picture?  (Besides annoying us?)  Further speaking of annoying, as I spend half my time in the great state of Alaska, trying to pass off a Massachusetts seaside community as Sitka, AK, is the greatest howler of them all.  Yet I'm too indifferent over this rom-com to dwell on it.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B005J0VPNC|5.0|grabbed this because I love camera apps and once I tried a few files I was hooked.  Only draw back is you need a lot of light to make the pictures look good but that's  a minor issue compared to how awesome the photos can turn out.
B003Y5H53S|4.0|I loved this movie but it is not really for kids, there are a lot of references that most children and some adults would not understand. If you are a fan of fear & loathing in las vegas and finding nemo this is your kind of movie. hunter s thomsons sense of humor with johnny depps wit and a desert full of crazy dehydrated animals, this is defiately a different kind of movie, and i enjoyed every minute of it.
B0051T47NQ|4.0|I am hardly the person to extol the virtues of those dreadful, pseudo-documentary handheld-camera movies.  To put it bluntly, I hate the gimmick and wish it had never taken off, resulting in a spate of movies foisting their version of that `technique' on the public.  If I never saw another of those darn movies, I'd be only too happy.<br /><br />That said, I really liked this movie and its use of the aforementioned phony documentary style.  I wasn't sure in the beginning, as it got off to a slow start, but once they were out tracking trolls with an official member of the TSS, the movie took on an undeniable charm of complete lunacy.  I only wish they hadn't resorted to that other overused ploy, this movie was solely based on \\"found footage.\\"  That more or less guarantees an ending that can only go one way and it's a bit of a copout.  Either you have the conviction to settle on a premise or you don't and you hedge with a safe clich&eacute; that exempts you from inquiry.<br /><br />But it's still fun.  Also, totally demented.....wouldn't trolls be on an endangered species list and therefore protected?<br /><br />Mate kjolig!
B005IFWXWU|4.0|PBS' Great Performances will feature Hugh Laurie performing these songs at a concert in the French Quarter.   In Northern California it will be aired on Friday Sept. 30th, 2011.   Should be roughly the same in other broadcast markets.   Based on the samples here, it should be pretty good.
B004SUDQ8Q|5.0|This is a wonderful movie about the struggles of the Aboriginal people in Australia created by the white man during the 1930's. It is a true story based on a book written by the main character, Molly's, daughter. It is set in 1930 Western Australia and has three main characters: Molly, her sister Daisy, and cousin Gracie. They are from the Jigalong tribe and live with Molly's mother and grandmother. Molly is considered a \\"Half-caste\\" child because her father was a white man who had been working on the rabbit-proof fence which ran thousands of miles through Western Australia to keep the rabbits on one side. During this time A.O. Neville, a white politician, was considered the legal guardian of every Aborigine in Western Australia. His goal was to remove these children, especially the \\"half-castes,\\" from their homes and properly train them so they would be \\"saved from themselves.\\"  They were sent to the Moore River Native Settlement which was 1200 miles from Jigalong. Here they were treated very poorly and were not allowed to speak any of their native languages or practice any native rituals. They were made to pray and practice Christianity. Most of the movie is about after Molly and the two girls ran away from the settlement. They were being tracked by an Aboriginal tracker that works for the settlement and the police. Molly is very smart realizing that if she follows the rabbit-proof fence it will take her back to Jigalong. They meet people along they way that give them food and/or shelter. Gracie is eventually tricked by a man they meet and she is caught and taken back to the settlement. Molly and Daisy find the strength to make it back into the arms of her mother and grandmother. After their return they all moved into hiding out in the desert. Molly married and had two children. The three of them were eventually taken back to the settlement where she ran away again with the youngest of her children. Gracie died while Molly and Daisy still lived in Jigalong. The Aboriginal Protection Act of 1869 ([...]) was the reason this was allowed to occur. Children were forced from their families and homes throughout Australia until the 1970's. They were called the Stolen Generations.    In the movie you can see how this relates to world religions by forcing the children to practice Christianity. They were made to pray and sing Christian songs. They were forced into a religion that wasn't their own. This caused them to lose their own culture and identity. This was proof that at the time there was little tolerance by the larger religions of the indigenous and their practices. This has happened all over the world to indigenous tribes. These people feel forced into the dominating religions to conform to the majority or either they feel the need to hide or lie about their practices.    Rabbit-Proof Fence. Dir. Phillip Noyce. Perfs. Kenneth Branagh, Everlyn Sampi, Tianna Sansbury. DVD. Miramax Films, 2002.
B000NTPDSW|1.0|Two times in the last three months, I have tried to buy The Godfather Collection on Blu-ray from Amazon.  Both times, I have received the UK version instead of the US.  You can tell the difference because the UK version is an actual box set with 4 Blu-ray cases in it and a little \\"15\\" UK movie rating stamped on the front, whereas the US version is in a single thick Blu-ray case with all the discs in it.  The two items have different ASIC numbers, however, the UK versions that I've received both times have had a sticker placed on them with the US ASIC number.  The UK version is playable on US players, however, it does not include the original monaural audio tracks that the movies were released with theatrically and does not have the collectible booklet of the US release.  Both times that this happened, Amazon temporarily yanked it from their site until they resolved the stock problem, though it was never actually resolved.    I was allowed to return the item both times, however, Amazon has explained to me that since they get this item from wholesalers, they can't guarantee that they are receiving the correct item.  While they were more than nice about it and ended up giving me a credit for my trouble, that still doesn't get me a copy of the US version of The Godfather Collection on Blu-ray for my collection.    Buyer beware on this one.  Until Amazon can confirm that this is the US version as listed on their site, you're rolling the dice on this item.
B005COO1X6|3.0|I'm not a die hard SK fan. Before last year, my experiences with him had been scarce. I'd read The Stand when I was too young to fully appreciate it and I got through most of Insomnia.<br /><br />I recently decided to give King a shot. I wanted to know if he was famous because he was actually good, or if he was only so famous because he was already so famous.<br /><br />To his credit, King is great at what he does. Duma Key is one of the best novels I've ever read and Full Dark, No Stars was fantastic. I'm looking forward to reading The Dark Tower series.<br /><br />I was excited when I heard about Mile 81. When I finally got it around 5AM the day of its release, I managed to read a few pages before I had to go to work. Normally, I really don't like stories about kids, but the intro wasn't so bad. I was fairly satisfied with the story. Ultimately, however, it amounted to a series of deaths by car. Which I liked. And this isn't a spoiler alert, at least not if you've read the product description.<br /><br />The biggest problem? The ending. It was extremely abrupt and it felt very rushed. I'm a writer and I know what it feels like when you just want to wrap the story up and be done with. My works have suffered because of rushed endings. I get the feeling that Stephen was growing tired of Mile 81 and just wrapped it up with a paragraph or two so he could move on to something else. As a result, the work does suffer.<br /><br />However, for the price, I'd say its worth buying.
B002VX0A40|3.0|The dragon has a rattle that hangs from the hand....originally I really liked all the features but when baby is shaking the toy vigorously this rattle turns into more of a mace and hits really hard. We had to cut it off for safety reasons. After we cut it off we love the toy. The mirror on the tail is my daughters favorite component....I just feel that I shouldn't have to butcher a toy to make it safe.
B0051CSIL0|5.0|A shock to the system.  An eclectic mix of genres, homages and nods, but Stake Land is still completely its own creation.  What makes it brilliant is that it is not just a film about survival in a ruined land, but that it is about keeping one's humanity alive in the face of such overwhelming brutality.    The taciturn nature of the film is in keeping with the Western genre and the road films from which it cleverly borrows.  Two Rode Together... The Searchers...Two Lane Blacktop... The Outlaw Josey Wales. A nice touch is that the boy's name is Martin --both a nod to Jeffery Hunter's character (Martin Pawley) in the Searchers and to Romero's film of the same name.     Damici's script is pared effectively and movingly down to the bone.  The direction is faultless.  Mickle actually crafts his frames, blocks his characters and moves his camera to create a real point of view, rather than to simply record his characters in an environment.  I cannot think of another $500,000 film with such an attention to detail in every department (art, music, props); another independent or studio picture (regardless of budget) which is so committed to the art of filmmaking, to getting it right, to balancing the interaction of sound and image; another film in the last decade that conveys such a Romantic understanding of life -- the strangeness in beauty, the beauty in horror; another film in which the Red camera was used so effectively or where one feels there is a truly gifted cinematographer behind the lens.  Ryan Samul really brings the film's natural and personal geography to life.  This kid is damn good.     And the performances contribute, of course, to all of the above.  Five minutes with Damici's Mister and we understand his unspoken backstory - the loss of his family, his loneliness, his mission, his promise to 'save' Martin.  Kelly M, in her depression era clothing and open heart is revelatory; Danielle H has never been better, never had a meatier role.  Cerveris's savagery walksa scary tightrope between convincing whispers and screams. Bonnie Dennison's confidence and unbridled hope in her few scenes at the tail of the film are beautiful as they energize the film's resolution. And Connor Paolo's Martin -- a really difficult role -- is perfectly measured, brilliantly judged, and emotionally played.  A virtually silent performance (on screen in  contrast to his narration), Paolo tells his tale through his eyes.  The brutality, threat, destruction and terror that he takes in -- he gives right back to us with amazing subtly and nuance.  You can actually watch this 14 year old orphan (terrified, impressionable, speaking only when spoken to) grow into a man in the course of the film's 90 minutes.  The character's arc is palpable.  And his quiet performance meshes so sympathetically with his narration -- a poetic diary that tracks these figures through the broken landscape -- that the combined contrast of innocence and insight is truly unique.    Finally, Damici and Mickle's choice to end on such a hopeful image -- powered by the single building yet unfinished note in Jeff Grace's score -- is exactly right.    Best American film of the year.
B0043KK4N6|5.0|This disc remember me the old classic musicals. I love it. Christina Aguilera was a star and she doesn't has problem to interpret not popular genre!
0736092269|5.0|A couple of months ago this book entered my world, its like an atlas of weightlifting exercises . This is one of those books that will become an instant classic. I love this book,especially the detailed diagrams and the material is presented, with just proven techniques and none of the nonscientific advice you see in other fitness books.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|It is a very inspiring movie. Uplifting and funny and sad at the same time. It shows success is possible if you just persevere.
B000ICM5IK|5.0|The CD has a great variety of songs, with each one sounding clear. Great buy for all the Rocky fans!
030746363X|3.0|I would not agree with the people who say this book is useless, but I do have some reservations about the author's methods and whether they will work for everyone.<br /><br />When you start reading about his diet at first it sounds like a no whites diet, but then he defines \\"whites\\" as anything that is or can be white.  So, wheat is out, even whole wheat.  It turns out to be a very restrictive low carb diet that emphasizes consumption of beans and gives you one binge day per week when you can eat whatever you want.  The binge day is supposed to help you feel less deprived and help you stick it out over the long haul.<br /><br />The first problem I have with this is that the author has picked a diet that has worked well for his lifestyle, a bachelor who stays up late and sleeps late, travels a lot and eats out a lot at Mexican restaurants.  It really seems that a person who is living with a family and not always cooking all his own meals but eating socially food cooked by other people will have problems trying to do the author's diet.  To be fair, this is a problem for most dieters.<br /><br />The second problem I have with his diet is that it is designed to take pounds off as quickly as possible, but most experts say that you are more likely to succeed in the long term if you lose slowly.  Many say two pounds per week.  I had one cardiologist go so far as to suggest two pounds per month.  The same cardiologist also recommends a no whites diet to his patients.<br /><br />I am also skeptical of the author's advice on muscle gain, partly because if you look at pictures of him he is not all that muscular for somebody who is as obsessed with fitness as he is.  While it is true you can lose weight without any exercise, and you can get some muscle with just a little time in the gym, I am skeptical whether 4 hours a month would be enough for most people who want to put on significant muscle mass.<br /><br />I do like his writing style, and the book is an enjoyable read thatgives a lot of food for thought.
B005G4TJI4|4.0|I must admit I thought the third film in the franchise was a lot of fun, most notably with the integration of the 3D photography. Here though is the problem: it becomes very apparent that Paramount/Dreamworks is so eager to release this, that they throw this version out to the masses, minus the expected extensive supplemental material - the word is that the deluxe (and 3D) version is coming out in November/December AND given the (highway robbery)price $31.49, Paramount/Dreamworks thinks that Joe-consumer is an utter twit and will buy anything Transformers related at the drop of the hat - well, I ain't buying this version, I'll wait for the 3D version.    Oh and according to Paramount's press release the MSRP is 29.99 not 44.99 - Amazon is RIPPING US OFF - big time!!!!
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Great game..  I wish the bonus games were as good as they are in the iOS version, and the game could use an update every now and then, but solid game, worth the $.
B004LROMSY|3.0|I gave up on this series somewhere during the third episode. Up to then it had potential especially when it seemed to get the costumes for the period correct but then it became a bit too campy and the usual Arthurian archetypes were a bit peculiar (i.e. Guinevere pulling a knife out on Arthur and pinning him to the ground when she had no combat ability, Arthur looking like a bleached blonde surfer who seems more of a dork than a military hero, etc). There's some saucy, sensual scenes in here as well as your usual run of violence and the settings are well done but I need to look at more than sunsets and this series just doesn't have it. That said, if you haven't studied a lot of the other Arthurian spins or just want to see some swords and sorcery this is an average presentation. WHEN WATCHED: August 2011; STORY/PLOTTING: C to C plus; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: C plus to B minus; FRESH TWIST ON THE LEGEND: C to C plus; OVERALL GRADE: C plus.
B000002TQV|5.0|Listen to this over at least a two year period before making any snap judgements.  It's brilliant, complex, mature, controlled but so fluid.  Stylistically, it's become one of my favorite albums.  There's something so powerful and intense about the stripped down, simple and raw style of this album.  Not a whole lot of layers or effects.  Overall, just great composition and candid, graceful delivery from each instrument and track.  Of course, Thom's vocals are incredible as well. But that goes without saying.
0061906220|5.0|My fiancee and I first met Pete in art galleries on a vacation to Savannah, GA - since then, he has become an imaginary best friend for our cat, and on a slightly less sad-sounding note, a great under-the-radar gift for friends' children.
0062112430|5.0|I bought this book for my teen daughters, picked it up and read it first.  Had a hard time putting it down!  Very interesting.  Wish I would have known that it \\"keeps you hanging\\" at the end.  ( The sequel is not to be released until March 2012).  Can't wait.
B004TB6GQI|5.0|I bought this solely based on Jar of Hearts.  I'm so glad I did.  It's nice to hear music that is actual music and not techno electronic stuff.  She has a wonderful voice.  Can't wait to hear more from her.
B004YF6MHW|5.0|F'in morons, next time you decide to spend five dollars on an app perhaps you should look beyond the title of the app and read, oh i don't know...... THE DESCRIPTION. Perhaps then you might have been able to figure out that this app can't change the ZOOM capabilities of your phone..... come to think of it....... No app can. Pretty sad that the phones are smarter than some of the people using them.
B004LUHQ1G|5.0|The worst thing I can say about this album, is that it sounds a lot like like other Foo Fighters albums. If you like the Foo, then that's probably more of a good thing than a criticism. This album doesn't really break new ground, but it's a really solid rockin' record.<br /><br />Generally Foo Fighters are best when they're really rocking hard; the slower songs are less memorable. Songs like \\"Rope\\" are really great rock songs. That kind of sums of the Foo Fighters: a really great rock band!
B004RSCWZ2|5.0|Great modern Blues Album (yes I know it's a digital recording, but the set of work is still an album!).  How someone can listen to Tedeschi Trucks and say there are too many blues bands, is beyond me.  Just like my favorite jeans or boots, this album only gets better each time I play it.  Great variety of song styles.  WOnderful blend of 2 bands into 1 new band.  Thank you Derrick and Susan!  Great Show in LA at the El Rey too!
B005HEW7JG|3.0|Gave it a 3 due to the quality of the series.  Amazon has jacked up the encoding.  It should have been done in HD widescreen.
B004R96U4A|5.0|Un libro tan necesario como los de Donal Knuth y la trilogía del Neuromante de William Gibson.  Lectura ágil, a pesar de ser un libro extenso.  Inicialmente lo leí en castellano (de España), pero la versión original es superior.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|This App does not work on droid X. It gives me an error unable to find weather for my area, and I was in one of the top 30 biggest city's in the US.  then I decided to check the radar map and it said only available to US city's so I zoomed out to see where it thought I was and I was in Antarctica.
0060512806|5.0|This vast entertainment--called by some wag \\"the ultimate geek novel\\"--is mind candy, no better way to put it. Stephenson is smart, flip, sardonic and just plain funny as he shuttles between World War II and the late 1990s, tracking related characters in the Waterhouse and Shaftoe families through war, work and love. A sampling of the delightfully arcane topics flowing through the book's 910 pages: cryptography (complete with equations), high-tech but pre-dotcom-boom California, modern-day treasure hunters, the demise of General Yamamoto, the origins of digital computers, Douglas McArthur, Cap'n Crunch cereal, mining engineering, criminal mobs in Manila, submarine warfare and Turing machines. Stephenson maintains a pitch-perfect smart-alec tone throughout, and the pages breeze by. Cryptonomicon dates from 1999, but it's still fresher than most novels written today. And when you're done, you can head to Stephenson's Baroque Cycle trilogy, each volume weighing in at some 900+ pages, to get the back story on the Waterhouses and Shaftoes in the 1600s and 1700s, with a supporting cast that includes Isaac Newton, Gottfried Leibniz, Princess Caroline Elizabeth of Hanover--and yes, a digital computer.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|app says I am not in the US.  it won't get weather data based on gps or zip code.  worthless.
B004SGWYW4|2.0|Do you like tits? That is the first thing you should ask before watching this series.  True, there are zombies in there, but they take a back seat to girls panties.  Also, the zombies are retarded.  Not MINDLESSLY retarded, mind you, but the set of rules set up to govern how the zombies hunt is retarded.  More specifically, how it's brought up that they can't see, smell, or feel anything, relying entirely on hearing to catch their prey... and then the second a character sees a zombie they just start screaming.    Also, they are not called zombies.  Their logic is that while they 'act and move like zombies, this is not a movie, so they are not zombies'.  This anime is a hodgepodge of mixed messages: one moment it demands you take it seriously, showing people (mostly underage girls who manage to flash their underwear at LEAST once in the process) getting eaten by zombies in painful and apparently erotic ways (?).  Then they have girls wet down their shirts and dance around with their tits flapping about unimpeded by gravity or physics.  It goes from them riding around a deserted Tokyo suburb at night while a radio station blares eerily in the background, then instantly has the girl molested (in a close up of her boobs, nonetheless) and we are expected to feel worried about her.  We MIGHT feel tension in this scene if the 3 episodes before it hadn't take great pleasure in extreme fan service as it was.  By the time the attempted rape happens we just don't care.  Also, she's a bitch.    Hey, speaking of character development, guess which anime has NONE! If you guessed this one, then congratulations, you recognized you were reading a review for Highschool of the Dead and put two and two together.  It also means you are smarter than most of the characters in this series.  Each girl has the same personality with pretty much only one difference between them.  One girl with pink hair and big boobs keeps spouting on and on about how she's such a genius, talking about facts she doesn't even get right (never brought up though, just the author being a lazy idiot) and a few things that anybody with half a brain could figure out.  The girl with big boobs and brown hair is thoroughly unlikeable - she spends the first episode going on and on at the main character about how the guy she's dating is super smart and always right and how she vastly prefers him over the main guy.  Then her boyfriend dies and pretty much the very next episode she's trying to have sex with the main protagonist.  She's also totally useless.  There's a woman with GIANT BOOBS as her main personality.  In fact, her boobs are so big I'm convinced they drain her intellect because she is literally the STUPIDEST character I've ever seen EVER.  I want to punch the screen whenever she appears.  Plus she's a doctor.  Don't ask, she never uses that skill.  The only girl who doesn't make me mad is the kendo girl with big boobs, who kills zombies with swords and likes it.  That's her only trait.  Also, there's a guy who's perfect in every way except for being bad at school which oh hey how about that is now overrun with zombies and totally irrelevent.  He's boring, irritating after a while, and everybody loves him.  The only character I like is the fat nerd who's good at only one thing: SHOOTING ZOMBIES.  When he's not shooting things he's quiet, reserved, and incredibly shy.  Give him a rifle and he's the cockiest character in the show, and so enthusiastic about it.  Oh, and there's this one INSANELY obvious slimey character, who kills a kid in front of everybody, keeps licking his lips around the girls, and overexaggerates all his motions.  Now, in real, logical society NOBODY would trust him for a moment.  But this is HotD.  EVERYBODY who's not a main character not only trusts him explicitly the second he arrives, but actually FAWN OVER HIM.  Ugh, my head hurts from rage.  Where'd I keep my aspirin....    Let's see, what else is wrong with the show? Oh yeah, how about logic?  They have this tendency to, in an attempt to make it realistic, explain things to an excessive degree in an attempt to make it believable.  Then they totally ignore said thing and go ahead with it.  Example? \\"Oh, I can't drive a bus! I'm not trained, it's different from a car! Also, if I hit too many zombies the bus will flip!\\" 30 seconds later she drives it over about 50 zombies, THROUGH AN IRON GATE, and drives it perfectly away like nothing was wrong.  Also, remember the zombies only being able to hear? Well in one episode they try to distract them by banging on pipes, and when the zombies don't come they ask 'why won't they come to us?'.  Never answered.  Then, the very next episode, the zombies find them for NO REASON, and the characters ask 'how did they find us? Was it the LEAVES IN THE TREE?'.  Just let that soak in.  Zombies track people by listening to leaves in trees.  I'm pretty sure that counts as magic.    But the series isn't ALL bad.  The animation is very smooth and detailed, capturing the zombies and atmosphere (sans the boob shots) almost perfectly.  The music is great, and at least they have a firm understanding on jiggle physics.  But is it a good series? ...Seriously? Are you asking that after reading this entire review?  Never mind, you're not smarter than the zombies.  Good luck against the blind mute guys who can't feel.      Seriously though, this series CAN be fun under the right circumstances.  Want to play an awesome drinking game? Any time you see boobs or panty shots (or, if you wish to not die from alcohol poisoning, just panty shots).  If you drag a friend in with you, you can have fun mocking it relentlessly.  And if you're a hopeless pervert who likes to watch underage girls bounce around braless or watch girls get eaten in their underwear, then this series is also for you.  Or, if you think logic is for other people, then you might like it too.  If you're the kind of person who liked The Room or Troll 2 for how hilariously bad it was, you could come away from this grinning like an idiot and telling your friends about it.  If you're looking for a serious watch though, you'd get a more serious, logical story out of Shaun of the Dead or Zombieland.  And at least those movies are GOOD.
0740797719|5.0|I am enjoying this book...it has quite a few insights into color and light viewed through the author's eyes. This is not a boring read...but it will take a while to get through all of the material.
B004FOA84A|1.0|I've tried installing a half dozen times: clearing my memory cache, killed all other apps except for market &amp; wi-fi, and still won't install. It would be nice if the error message gave some kind of clue about what the issue may be instead of just saying &quot;Not Installed&quot;. Lame.
B0053Q9DHW|3.0|This is not my favorite version of the Jane Eyre story, but it is by no means bad. Mia does a great job portraying Jane, as did the young actress who played her child counterpart. My biggest problem was with Fassbender as Rochester. I usually like Fassbender, but I thought he was very bland as Rochester. He didn't evoke enough passion, even at the end. My favorite version is the 2006 BBC version with Toby Stephens, who was great as Rochester. I recommend that one, but if you're a fan of Mia or Michael, this one is fine too.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I would much rather watch episodes IV-VI on Laser Disc as they are the ORIGINAL unaltered theatrical versions. Until Lucas gives us that on Blu-ray, I will hang on to my LD's. All he has to do is include both versions in the set and let the consumer choose the version they want to watch. WHY IS THAT SO HARD?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!
B004LWZW42|5.0|What more can be said? Fassy and McAvoy are wonderful as the young Magneto and Professor X. Not a great big fan of the other characters, but hey, they're not who your eye is drawn to. Kevin Bacon did a good job, Betty Draper was fine as Emma Frost, and I liked the character cameos they snuck in. The younger cast could have been phoned in, no one cared about them, other than Professor X. I only wish Remy LeBeau (meow) had been able to make an appearance. Oh well. JFK put in a fine performance, invading \\"Cuber\\". All in all, a good, entertaining watch, especially those of us who like looking at Michael Fassbender and James McAvoy (and oh, I do).
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Genius puzzle game that is most played game by far on my phone.  Developer deserves a lot of credit.  Keep up the great work.
B004T0XYM8|5.0|It was in good shape after the trip to Afghanistan and the movie was excellent as to be expected.  This is my first classic Western on Blu-ray and it really holds up.
B004P9GOAC|5.0|The car is packed with functions all cleverly controlled from a quite compact central gearbox with stick-shift. Each position of the gear selector controls a separate function of the model be it the two doors, lifting the engine cover or the very cleverly hidden rear spoiler. However in terms of an overall set, I felt that the fun was really in the construction (non-numbered bags by the way so be prepared to take over the house as there are a lot of parts).  There are a number of clever uses of the beams & connectors together with build sequences to form abstract shapes that give the car realistic styling especially on the lower side panels of the car - no more square corners! The door opening mechanism is also very clever and really made me smile.  Once built you're left with a car that cost a fair amount but feels like it could have been more for very little additional expense, for example LIGHTS.  Now of course you can add these if you have them and if you're fortunate enough to have a bag of spare motors & parts you can build a second car that is motorized (the yellow one in the photos has two motors, one to control steering and the other for the remaining functions including forward motion together with an IR brick so you can chase the cat with it).  Now, please remember that the car was never advertised as a motorized car so it wouldn't be fair to judge it as one however it does feels like Lego stopped just a little short of the mark on delivering a true masterpiece. Personally I'd have been happier with manually controlled doors via a wheel you turn and a car with motorized steering and drive, I'd have even paid more for it.  But then I firmly believe that the essence of Lego is imagination so if the car was motorized, then I wouldn't have spent a couple of weeks modifying the instructions and building my own version!  I wouldn't advise this set an introduction to the Technic theme however if you have a couple of spare motors, a bag of beams, gears and a couple of days to spare then it forms a fantastic inspirational piece on which to build and improve. Because of that fact alone, it is an excellent set.
B00110K62U|5.0|This is the best product that I have bought on Amazon by a long shot!!!  The best cast for Les Miserables (besides Enjolras, if they had Anthony Warlow, it'd be 100% perfect) and I watch it many times a month.  It has great replay value!!!!  If you are a fan, this is an ABSOLUTE MUST HAVE!!!!  The seller (ImportCDs) is the best seller that I have bought from, also.  If you see ImportCDs as an option to buy from, look no further than them!  Very very very fast shipping with standard shipping and the product was in pristine condition.
B005FOQDC0|5.0|My compliments go to the people at Lego who designed the instructions. They are very clear and don't add too many parts in a single step (which is a huge benefit when building something this complex!).  I only have one small complaint: the dark grey transmission gears with the little teeth on the axle hole were not rendered in the instructions (Book 1, Page 20, Step 4); the instructions show a gear with no little teeth around the axle hole - I spent 20 minutes looking for a gear that didn't exist! LOL I flipped forward to see the other gears and they all were rendered without the little teeth, so I figured Lego's instruction making program couldn't render them that small.  Now the good stuff. This model is built WELL! There is bracing, there is cross bracing, and there is bracing for the bracing! Once I'm finished assembling this model, I'm very confident that it will not come apart easily. There are a lot of neat parts included, like the specialized axles. There are pneumatics and power functions in the same model! This is not unheard of, but very rare. You really do get a great value for the money. I'd even say this model is a BARGAIN! Normally, licensing fees, power functions and pneumatics would send the price through the roof - and you have all three in this model!  Since the single motor is stretched to its limits with two power take offs and a pneumatic compressor, and the fact that the already existing complexity of the model does not lend itself to accommodating additional motors or even IR receivers, Lego opted not to motorize the driving of the truck or steering. However, this model is already screaming for modifications (did I mention I'm not even finished building it?). I'm sure I could substitute a motor for the mockup piston engine, a pneumatic air tank would be a huge advantage, although finding a place to put it may be a challenge. I could change the gear ratio of the axles from 1:1 to 3:1. Working headlights should be easy. Routing all the wires may be a challenge. Then there is always designing different accessories that use the PTO. I don't even know where to start there. Its already got a pneumatic crane, how much cooler can you get?  I think that last line sums it up: How much cooler can you get? Not much. Congratulations, Lego. You have created one of the coolest models I have ever seen!
B005H9B2CE|4.0|I went to see this with our 9 year old son, honestly not expecting very much.  While I have enjoyed Portman and Hopkins in a number of roles, I felt this would be just another comic book hero movie with a bad script, extremely predictable character development, and unoriginal attempts at humor.    I was wrong...  Not only did I AND our 9 year old boy enjoy THOR, our 13 year old daughter, 15 year old goddaughter, and two more of our daughter's friends enjoyed it...ALL 3 TIMES WE SAW IT!!!  That's right...I saw THOR with our kids 3 times.  Granted, this is a bit over-killed, but we thoroughly enjoyed the movie every time and plan to purchase it on opening DVD release day.  Here's why:  1. I felt it was age appropriate.  2. Was it violent, sure...was it gory, no.  3. It had clear lines of good and bad, treated well with a myriad of complexities that led people to their struggles...so it felt honest.  4. I thought it was a GREAT play into the Avengers movie that is on the way.  5. I felt Branagh did a wonderful job directing...they should consider allowing him to direct the Avengers.  Rent this one...buy it...whatever works for you.  It's good entertainment with plenty of action, quick wit, and a sweet redemption in the end.  No Oscars here, but a good film nonetheless...thumbs up!
0882847953|5.0|It's a shame really that this book is titled \\"for the modern drummer\\".<br /><br />Any musician that plays different rhythmic patterns (which is pretty much all of them) will benefit greatly from this book. All the lines are in 4/4 time with steady quarter notes shown marking the \\"beat\\". So the exercises really consist of all the patterns shown on the top.<br /><br />It's a simple enough concept, but he had the good sense to write it all out for the rest of us. All your basic patterns: quarter notes, dotted eighths, 16th's, 16's mixed with 8's and all varied in order and with different rests so they come on different beats each time. As you progress through the book, the lines get more complicated and intricate until you get to the syncopated section.<br /><br />I remember this book from when I was a drummer in high school almost 30 years ago. Now I play rhythm guitar, and am looking to get away from the \\"standard\\" strumming patterns and get more creative. This book will help me do that. It will also help immensely with learning and playing leads and solos. It really doesn't matter if you play drums, guitar, sax, keyboard, bass, or mandolin this book will help teach you to recognize and play rhythms - and that is a key part of sight-reading.<br /><br />I guess the TL:DR version would be: If you play a musical instrument, get this book. It will be the some of the best use of money and time you'll ever spend.
0515149489|4.0|I thought this was great book, it was your classic, \\"boy protects girl\\" story. She could have went a bit more into the end part, but overall I was happy with the book.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|I got this for my husband as a gag gift for his birthday - he loves Dr. Who.  Now he runs about the house sonic-ing the door locks, the computer, the microwave, even the dogs.  The dogs don't like it much, but he sure does.
B000001F68|4.0|ON THE THRESHOLD OF A DREAM is vintage late sixties Moodies and sounds dated by today's musical standards.<br />Notwithstanding, THRESHOLD has some good moments showcasing the band's distinctive progressive rock.  The best Tracks;<br />Dear Diary<br />Are You Sitting Comfortably<br />Have You Heard<br />So Deep Within You<br />Lazy Day<br />Never Comes the Day<br />The album is a must for Moodies fans and is a good representation of the symphonic rock of that era.  Not one of my favorite Moodies, but worthwhile listening.
B0053VKP8S|4.0|I use the FiiO device to connect the optical output from a Vizio TV to analog jacks into a stereo amplifier.  The device is very small and light (Amazon dimensions are way wrong).  Actual size is about 2\\"x2\\"x1\\".  It will handle either optical or coax input and deliver converted analog through standard RCA connections.  It is quite easy to install.  It requires a TOSLink cable to connect to the optical digital source.  It is a powered device so requires an AC outlet for its power \\"brick\\" which is about the size of a cell phone home charger.  It will stay powered on unless you unplug or turn off the power strip.    The device does its job quite well.  I'm no audiophile but the resulting audio stream seems very clean with no discernible distortion.  This seems to be a good value for the cost.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Great app.  Does what it says, does it with style.  I would love a feature that gives forecasts based on your current location without having to add the location.  That would be a great help for travelers, so they don't have to clutter the locations with every stop in their travels.
B004UHF51S|5.0|Since the beginning of his career, followed by music as a listener, such as past albums, this album also recommend ...
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|The first Matrix movie is a movie that revolutionize movie industry, especially with that bullet-dodging scene. The 2nd movie and the 3rd cannot quite live it up the expectations from the 1st movie, but still this trilogy is superb when you're watching it on Blu-ray. I 've sold my dvd & got lucky, the Blu-ray went sale for about $27, ordered it right away & one of the best purchase i've ever done.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|Very cool. Arctic Silver is known as one of if not THE best thermal compound on the market, and so far it's performing wonderfully. I bought it for an Intel Core i7-960, and the temperatures have never risen to anything concerning, even under full load.<br /><br />It was very easy to apply, but remember to just put a very thin coat, since more than that is actually worse not better.
B004GHYCKW|5.0|Polly Harvey has shown she has staying power and a visionary awareness as an artist.She won the Mercury Prize in 2000 when she watched from her hotel room a burning New York seared into her consciousness with 9/11.She has taken up the torch of the folk artist and war poet,inspired by Harold Pinter's anti-war poems.She has changed from her introspective piano-led last album,White Chalk and has donned the prophet's robes and sings in varying forms of tone,heightened,ethereal,whispered,ironical, angry.The first 6 songs are excellent,the last 5 tail off,but all are haunting us with images born out of warfare,battle,the craggy,blasted landscapes of a waste land,soaked by feelings of Albion through the centuries.Using various instruments: autoharp, saxophone,mellotron,zither,harmonica, trombone,guitar,the music is essentially simple,born of a moral sincerity,that lifts it above all other music.A masterpiece.No competition.
B001L51RQE|2.0|I am not the biggest Police fan in the world, but I had a chance to pick this up for $5.99 at CVS, 2 DVDs and 2 CDs. OK, what the hey. I won't complain too much about having the DVDs rammed down my throat at this price, but all in all, I really can't stand it when they do this. All I care about is the audio.  I agree with the other review about the 'loudness,' although I do not know much about the'wars.' It's not real often I get one so gunned up. I mean, geez, the low of the bass and the kick drum makes your innards rumble.  It's like I have a subwoofer and I do not have a subwoofer. I can only imagine how much worse it would be with one. What I do with recordings this awful is re-dub them thru an equalizer and take all that thumping and rumble out. It is OK now. If you order thru the mail, lay it down and open slowly, as the disks are probably dislodged. The packaging is some of the cheapest I've ever seen.     It is an OK show tho because I re-dubbed it that way. Hey, this band did BBC recordings. Why not just release them instead of this? I have been waiting years for them.
0563529288|2.0|Lyra steps on Pan twice in the first dozen minutes or so...and tells him to shut up. Seriously? Buy the book and skip these recordings.
B001L4NJIO|2.0|I am not the biggest Police fan in the world, but I had a chance to pick this up for $5.99 at CVS, 2 DVDs and 2 CDs. OK, what the hey. I won't complain too much about having the DVDs rammed down my throat at this price, but all in all, I really can't stand it when they do this. All I care about is the audio.  I agree with the other review about the 'loudness,' although I do not know much about the'wars.' It's not real often I get one so gunned up. I mean, geez, the low of the bass and the kick drum makes your innards rumble.  It's like I have a subwoofer and I do not have a subwoofer. I can only imagine how much worse it would be with one. What I do with recordings this awful is re-dub them thru an equalizer and take all that thumping and rumble out. It is OK now.<br />Hey, this band did BBC recordings. Why not just release them instead of this? I have been waiting years for them.<br />I am not the biggest Police fan in the world, but I had a chance to pick this up for $5.99 at CVS, 2 DVDs and 2 CDs. OK, what the hey. I won't complain too much about having the DVDs rammed down my throat at this price, but all in all, I really can't stand it when they do this. All I care about is the audio.  I agree with the other review about the 'loudness,' although I do not know much about the'wars.' It's not real often I get one so gunned up. I mean, geez, the low of the bass and the kick drum makes your innards rumble.  It's like I have a subwoofer and I do not have a subwoofer. I can only imagine how much worse it would be with one. What I do with recordings this awful is re-dub them thru an equalizer and take all that thumping and rumble out. It is OK now.<br />If you order thru the mail, lay it down flat and open slowly, as the disks are probably dislodged.<br /><br />Hey, this band did BBC recordings. Why not just release them instead of this? I have been waiting years for them.
B000068QVN|5.0|I was 9 years old when this record was recorded. I live in Sweden and they never played Grand Funk Railroad on the swedish radio. The first time I heard GFR I was 24. I wish I could have experienced GFR live like Homer Simpson has. This was probably the peak for GFR. If you remove the overlong drum-solo, which was a novelty at the time, this must be one of the best live recordings ever made and nothing from the last 30 years or so comes close. GFR is a three peace band that sounds like 10 or so. Mark Farner runs between the organ and the guitar without problem. The music is like a combination of AC/DC, Frank Zappa and Mahavishnu Orchestra on speed.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|This program is useless, unable to get info from any location. It is literally the only weather program that has not worked on my phone. Will revert to weather bug.
030746363X|3.0|I was skinny my entire life, no matter how much or what I ate. In college, guys in my fraternity got up early sometimes just to watch me eat piles of scrambled or fried eggs, toast - close to an entire loaf - & jam, 12 - 24 strips of bacon, & piles of grits with lots of butter & pepper, all with orange juice & 3 - 4 mugs of coffee. Some days I dipped 12 - 24 sugar-glazed Krispy Kreme donuts - all air, right? - in the coffee in lieu of sugar. Then I would go back to sleep until lunchtime, when I drank a half gallon of sugar-sweetened iced tea along with another BIG meal. After college, my weight stayed 155 - 160 until the accumulated stress of life caught up with me at age 51, when I gained 10 lbs a year  - 30 lbs total, mostly belly fat - by my 54th birthday. Flash forward to age 58, when I finally decided to get rid of the flab & put a little muscle in my flabby, muscle-free self.  I started with the Jorge Cruise Belly-Fat Diet & dropped 7 -8 lbs in 6 weeks but couldn't do more than that even after adding some exercise. After 6 months, I switched to Ferris's Slow Carb Diet (with the \\"PAGG stack\\") & lost another 12+ lbs in less than 2 months.  I didn't do the kettle bell swing but did start exercising at home & using rowing machines & exercycles at a gym & added some definition to my (still skinny) arms, chest & legs.  I haven't managed to build my totally flat butt or pecs so far but started the kettle bell swings & other 4HB exercises 2 - 3 weeks ago.  I will try to report again in a month or so.
B0058EBNAO|3.0|App location and everything works fine. But it runs in the background and makes my phone run as slow as molasses. As soon as killed it, phone works fine. If this comes as a widget, I can't find it. having this as a live background would be even better. Until then, just not useful. But it does work, so, 3 stars.
B004DLPXAO|3.0|books are mostly cheaper than B&amp;N. but the nook app has animated page turns,locks TIME, page &amp; battery life and has a sync / no sync option to help battery life.  Hope an update includes one or more of these things.
B005COO1X6|3.0|It was an interesting story but really left me hanging.  I love King's early works but for years he just seems to leave you hanging wondering what that was about at the end of his story's.  The first character he develops in the story was great but played a very small part after that.  And the ending really left me scratching my head.    The story is just OK.  And it was worth $.99 but no more.  I have read many other new authors here with $.99 books that don't have the name recognition of King and their stories were well told and kept me on the edge of my seat.  This one did none of that.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I was not enthusiastic about this release, what with owning these films in multiple versions already.  But as the release got closer I found myself contemplating making the purchase one last time to have it on BluRay.  But, reading that they've made even more unnecessary changes, I'm done.  I will not be spending any more cash on this franchise.
B004PHE9F6|4.0|This movie was great watching once again. At first I caught myself comparing it to the latest fast action films but then I remembered that way back then the cameras and special effects were not like they are now.  James Garner is a wonderful actor and I still love his pictures.
068817776X|5.0|Fascinating book, good reading.  It gives insight into the everyday daily life of Nazi Germany that ordinarily no one would describe due to fear of prosecution for having been a Nazi.  The clothing coupon, the racial documentation required before getting married, etc.  Since Edith was never in a camp, the book does not detail  the atrocities that most WWII literature describes.
B004HW7JMY|4.0|This series was more than I expected. Nothing was left out and even nude frontal shots of the male actors was shown. Made this movie series even more belieable. I enjoyed every disc and have lent the series out to my friends and they also loved the realism of this series.
B0055V6EZE|4.0|Hugh Laurie is indeed a gifted musician, but not a gifted singer.  Except for the stand-out St. James Infirmary, it would have been good if some of the people working with Mr. Laurie had told him so.  Mostly (forgive me, Mr. Laurie) he sounds like someone at a party straining to reach the right notes.  It can be grating.  However, his piano playing is heavenly -- always hoping for more than a few bars on House -- and the general mood, tone and style of this album is worth the price for this edition.  He uses the entire keyboard with fluidity and deep tonality.  The piano, here, is not just a rhythm instrument.  Don't know about the much pricier Special Edition which has three more tracks.  The genre of New Orleans blues is well served here, with fun, enthusiasm and great guest artists. Lots of infectious tunes, when they're in Mr. Laurie's singing range.
B004UA8D1O|5.0|This movie was excellent. 5 stars! Being a SCUBA diver, it shown the necessary skills needed to do the most dangerous of all diving experiences, CAVE DIVIVG. The photagraphy underground and underwater were spectactular. I will watch this film many times and tell all my fellow divers about this movie!
B005IU1OMA|5.0|This film is by far the most transfixing snowboarding experience I have ever seen.      The literal meaning of words like epic, amazing & awesome have been overused describing everyday occurrences, dumbing them down to the point that they will not adequately describe what is captured in this film.     It literally inspires awe and amazes the eyes and ears.     The camera work, soundtrack and editing are flat out ridiculous.     Seeing is believing, don't take my word for it.     Enjoy the ride.
B004SBX112|1.0|I keep checking everyday &amp; STILL no update for Seasons.  Last update I had was for Summer...wheres the Moon version?!?!?
B00068S41I|5.0|Excellent video tape.  I will recommend this to most people. It is touching & sentimental. Nice to see they still are making nice films like this.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Based on Adywan's astounding re-edit of Star Wars Episode IV, I can confidently say that I now love re-edits: If they are done well.  Having Adywan's fan redux as a guide there is no excuse why this shouldn't be awesome.  And if Lucasfilm is reading this - why don't you authorize a release of Adywan's project because, I think you'll agree, it is pretty amazing.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|After I've inserted the zip code it's doing what it says.  The clock weather widget is a great idea. 5
B0019HQIGS|5.0|I saw this special on TV and it was wonderful.  I bought it and now I can watch it any time I want.
B004T5K3OK|4.0|I was skeptical... app renders my receipts very well.  no more desktop scanning to submit my expense receipts!   impressed with the simplicity and ability to post to db, box and Goog.  be nice to add a note to each page.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Outstanding weather app, allows me to choose what information i get in my status bar, widget is pleasing to the eye and full of info.  Main app is similar with tons of useful info.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|There have already been some excelent reviews written in the 1 Star section that I have neither the energy or motivation to emulate.  Compare the 1 Star reviews to those who gave it 5 Stars (\\"Star Wars is Cool!\\") and you will see who the real fans are.      Lucasfilm has once again slapped the fans in the face.  The changed Krayt dragon call, the pink Lightsaber and worse of all the Darth Vader screaming Noooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!  is pathetic.    Oh, by the way...  it seems that the HUGE outcry from Fans for the past 15 years over the Greedo / Han incident meant nothing to Lucas.  Yes, Greedo STILL Shoots first!    So George, keep your Cash Cow to yourself. I Cancelled my pre-order.
B00009NQQO|5.0|I got this for my son. He loves spending time in the bathtub and this is a great toy for that. He loves this toy so much. I would buy this if you have kids who love bath time.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I will not be buying Star Wars again until I can have the versions I enjoyed in my youth. These movies are barely recognizable anymore. The epic originals have been tainted by the CG stupidity and revisionism of the idiotic prequels. This kind of malicious tinkering would be bad enough with ANY movie, but to trash the most important movies of my LIFE? UN-believable. Shame on Lucas.
0345522478|5.0|Hounded is the first of three books by Kevin Hearne.  I liked this book so much I bought the other two as well and then I bought a second set as a gift for a friend who also loves a good read. If you love a good story with magic and fantasy and adventure and if you have a sense of humor I suspect you too will quickly come to appreciate Atticus the last surviving Druid.      After reading the books I decided to checkout the Authors web page and his email was posted so I fired off a note of appreciation.  Within an hour I received a personal reply.  After my friend read the books I sent him, he too sent Mr. Hearne an email note and he too received a nice letter of thanks.      The books are a good read and there is also a lot of information about all the \\"old gods\\".  I learned more about them than I had previously imagined and it has opened up an entire new world of fantasy and adventure.      You really don't want to miss this adventure.  I might also point out that you will learn more about \\"Irish Car Bombs\\" than you ever knew before.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Won't pick up my location via any method.  Gives an error saying there is no weather update available for my location even when I enter the ZIP code.  Not much good as a weather app if it doesn't have any updates to display.
B0044RUSZM|4.0|Pros:  1. The look complements the aluminum MacBooks. I have a pre-unibody (late 2007) MacBook Pro sitting on it.  2. It does its job. I find the rubber grips and plastic \\"stoppers\\" (I'm not sure what to call them) to be pretty effective at keeping my notebook from slipping.    Cons:  1. The height (~5.5\\") is not adjustable. I feel that it raises my notebook just a tad bit too high.  2. If you have a front-facing CD/DVD/Blu-ray drive, it may be blocked by the plastic \\"stoppers\\" you attach at the ends of the aluminum supports.  3. It could be sturdier. Personally, I don't find this to be a problem because I use a separate keyboard and mouse (I assume most people would do this as well). It is only a little problematic on occasion when I need to attach/detach something to/from a USB or other port.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Shows errors for every location in my area selected. I tried to add several locations based on the ways provided and the only thing that worked was the clock.
1440503257|5.0|This book is totally cool.  It doesn't have the Butterbeer recipe, but the other recipes are very Harry Potter.  Thank you !!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I wish I could get my hands on George's copy of The Seven Samurai and colorize it, add a bunch of cgi monsters, and change the subtitles to some new flashing font. Then I'd give it back to George and tell him it would be the only version of the film he'd ever get to see again, which wouldn't be true of course, because every few years I'd take it away and make even more unnecessary changes.    How'd you like that, George? That's how you make us feel!
B003L77GGK|4.0|Season Six of Supernatural marked the passing of the leadership torch from Eric Kripke to Sera Gamble, and it showed. I compare this season to watching a kid learning to ride a bike without training wheels. It started out pretty wobbly and uncertain, but as time passed it gained more confidence and momentum. Supernatural has always been rock solid, and even at its worst it is more worth watching than some other shows are at their best, so I am more than willing to forgive this season's stumbles.     Please note: this review does contain spoilers for season 6.     As a genre tv watcher for many years, I have learned that shows like this almost always suffer from the lack of a solid antagonist. This was what season 6 lacked the most. The \\"Mother of All\\" was a markedly lack-luster \\"bad guy\\" after having such deliciously nasty advesaries as the Yellow Eyed Demon and Lucifer himself in previous seasons. Additionally I thought the \\"Alpha\\" story-line failed utterly, and I think I sing along with the choir in having an intense dislike of the whole Campbell family angle - and that was introduced in a previous season. Having Sam and Dean come from a whole family tree of well respected hunters of evil was always a little too trite for me. That they were victims of tragic circumstance read better.     The stand-outs in season 6 could have been played up a little more. Soul-less Sam would have been a better heavy than half the Alphas and the Mother of All combined. Jared Padalecki brought on his A-Game to portray the cold, calculating Soul-less Sam. His performance was delightfully subtle when it could have easily been taken too far over the top. This subtlety made the character quite unnerving. I would have liked to have seen him stick around for a little bit longer, to give Dean more of a challenge as he picked away at the mystery behind his brother's odd behavior.     Another stand-out I'd like to see more of (because I can't accept the notion that he won't return) was the Alpha vampire. Forgive me for not knowing the actor's name, but the man was phenomenal, and his characterization of this ancient vampire couldn't have been better. He was positively chilling. Death returned in Season 6 too, and did not disappoint.     A quick note regarding the Ben and Lisa storyline - alot of fans disliked both these characters and Dean's relationship with them, but I did not. Seeing Dean's awkward attempt at domestication only underscored the underlying angst inherent to his character. As he will come to admit himself, he cannot have that life - ever. Supernatural will always be a dark tragedy, and to tell the truth I'm a little surprised Sera didn't kill either Lisa, Ben or both off completely. Somehow, though, I think knowing they are alive but untouchable may be more torture to Dean than if they'd simply died, so maybe Sera is more vicious than I'm giving her credit for here.     In conclusion, although I liked Soul-less Sam, the better part of season 6 begins roughly mid-season when the show actually starts to \\"feel\\" like Supernatural and not something just going through the motions. I myself tend toward the dark and angsty, but in this season the better episodes are those lighter offerings such as Clap Your Hands if You Believe, and the delightfully off the wall French Mistake. The writers and producers have described this season as \\"noir\\" and one of the best examples of that in my opinion (it's not a genre I know particularly well) would be Live Free and Twi-Hard. Not to be left off this season's best list is Jensen's directorial debut of Weekend At Bobby's. Though it's Sam and Dean light, Jim Beaver shows his chops and carries this episode with aplomb. It's fun, and witty, and who doesn't love it when Rufus Turner turns up? Oh, and did I mention Jensen directs? Ha ha!    And although I have nothing against Sera either as a writer or in her new role as head honcho, my absolute favorite episode of this season was the finale - The Man Who Knew Too Much penned by Eric Kripke himself. I felt as if he pulled together all the jangle and whine, tied up all the frayed ends left by some weak storylines, and paved the way to what could be Supernatural's best season yet. That is why despite its shortcomings, I still give season 6 a four star rating. People need to keep watching. I do not want to discourage anyone.    The boys have a lot left to do.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|I think of myself as extremely lucky to of been a little kid when I was in the 80s. It was the perfect time. I was experiencing first hand the filmmakers (and films) that formed my childhood (Spielberg, Lucas, Zemeckis, Dante, etc.) at the height of their powers. E.T., The Goonies, Back To The Future, Gremlins, Stand By Me, Indiana Jones, Star Wars, The Monster Squad, et al. Movies were magical. Going to them was an event. Standing in line was exciting. They stayed with you, and are still with you today. Sadly, that's been gone for a long time. Sure, there may be a summer blockbuster that's fun, but it doesn't have 'it'. Most are just empty, soulless CGI-fests that won't still be lauded 25 years from now. J.J. Abrams decided to do something about it. Let's get to it.    Set in 1979, we meet Joe, a young boy who just suffered a horrible loss. He lives with his sheriff father (Kyle Chandler) and has a few friends. One night, he and his friends decide to go out and make their own zombie movie. While shooting down by the train tracks, they witness a horrible accident as a truck collides with an oncoming train in a truly spectacular crash. Little do our little friends know that they captured what was in the train's cargo, and mysterious and strange things begin to happen in town. I'll just stop there and let you experience the rest.    \\"Super 8\\" is nostalgic and fun just not for the times, but for the type of filmmaking on display here. Spielbergian shots and lens flares, story over spectacle (although there is that), and real humanistic kids you instantly like, care for, and you want to see what happens to them. Back when kids were kids and they talked and acted like kids, just like those great films of the 80s. It was so refrshing to see this instead of the typical modern kids in movies who like so polished and like they just stepped off of the newest low rated CW show. These kids are from 1979, but I find them more relatable and interesting than anything I have seen in the last decade or more. Obviously, there is an homage to producer Spielberg here, and even though there is that, the film is still it's own movie. The fact that it appears to be a love letter to E.T.'s dad is not a deterrent. It's a great, new, original movie from J.J. wrapped in touches to Spielberg and other films from that era. And what touches. I can't say that I am familiar with Abrams' work. I have never seen anything he has ever done before. I will now! He is a director to be reckoned with here. The love and detail he puts into his scenes, characters, and era the film is set in, is so lovingly detailed. It's quite an accomplishment.    \\"Super 8\\" harks back to a time when these films meant something to the audience. Meant something to the kids. Nowadays, it's all about cartoonish CGI, 3D, and what young adult novels a studio can get their hands on and everything else comes after. Abrams and company were brave to make an original and secretive film and release it in summer. Brave to actually make it with heart, passion, emotion, and characters that actually came first. The ending and eventual outcome may not of been as great as it could of been, but that's okay. With a movie this lovingly skilled and well done in every other place, and the fact they we just got such a film like this in the first place, made up for it for me. It's not going to take away anything from the movie. The acting is top notch. These kids are great. These are the best set of kids I have seen in a movie in a long time. The actors, most of whom have never been in a movie, just shine. Kyle Chandler also does very well in his role. Ron Eldard is also on hand. More brave points to Abrams for casting the movie with no real marquee name star.    \\"Super 8\\" is an exceptional movie that really delivers what I was hoping it would. It's funny, sweet, adventurous, exciting, scary, and interesting. Is it too self indulgent in it's homages of films past? Of course not. A good movie is a good movie however it's told and made. It's a movie that we should embrace and hold dear because it's unlikely we are going to get another movie like this for a long time....if ever. Abrams and his cast and crew should be proud of the film they made. As a child of the 80s, this movie made me feel like a kid again. The first summer blockbuster movie I have seen in eons where I kept thinking about days afterwards. I really don't know what else to say except that \\"Super 8\\" is a gift.
B003ONXAU2|2.0|Sorry, but I gave this five episodes to get better and I just can't get past the bad acting and horrible dialog.  It's too bad too because the premise of the show is interesting albeit not too original.
B0045HCJRG|5.0|Not a huge Frasier fan, but he is perfectly cast in this delightful comedy.  Excellent storyline, clear sequences, fantastic acting (who knew Spacek could do comedy?!) make this a movie you'll want to watch over and over.  Reminds me of Elf, but much more adult, still great for kids to watch.
B001NEK2GE|4.0|I don't have a ton to say that hasn't already been said about the G13. I'm just going to focus on the things I noticed and be overly critical of this great product.     I wanted a keypad to replace my keyboard for longer (1+ hour) gaming sessions. It was between this and the N52 product that Razor now repackages and sells. This felt better on my hand because the palm rest was more natural for me.    The LCD screen is really more like a VFD screen with a customizable back light. It's clear enough, but don't expect some cell-phone-like color display. The keyboard keys do light up, but they are VERY faint. I can tell the light bulb(s) for the keys is near the middle of the board, because the keys at the edges aren't as bright as the ones in the center. The lack of uniformity is not a big deal unless you're going to look at this device instead of use it. It's nice that the back lighting can be shut off entirely with the click of a button on the device.    The joystick can click down, if you happen to have a super strong thumb. Great if you don't want to click it accidentally, but pretty bad if you actually want to use this button press for anything.    The G13 is heavy, wonderfully heavy so it hasn't moved around on me at all.    The drivers and software have crashed on me once. Do yourself a favor and just go download the latest stuff from Logitech's web site, don't bother with the CDs that came in the box.
0345529057|5.0|Thus far the series has been well written and engrossing.  The story gets more divergent and hard to sink into as the books progress, but the story and characters reel you in so thoroughly in the first 3 volumes that it's hard to care.
B005HSL626|1.0|allowed my son to play and noticed after one of the games, a pop-up ad for pornographic material at the top of the screen. absolutely shameful. uninstalled.
B003R0MEZ4|2.0|Just watched the second episode of Season 6.  I have been a big fan of the show all through season 5 (own all the dvds) and was looking forward to this season.  What a disappointment to start off with the first two episodes filled with cheap ultra violence against the defenseless to make it more \\"entertaining\\" but really just a way to avoid the true subtlety and suspense that good writing creates.  It appears its not just some of the actors that are being let go to save money, but writing talent to.  I found it very disappointing and really don't want to have to take the chance of viewing another episode 2 on the chance that they might have made a turn around.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Thank you so much it was just what I wanted and I got it just in time. I could not find this movie on any other site or store.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|Loved this movie. It's quirky and unlike almost every other movie I've seen. I'm not usually a fan of Michael Cera, but I think he fits this role perfectly.
B005G4TJI4|1.0|I`ll make it short and come to the point quickly: I think its a shame that Bay is starting milking the cow too by NOT putting the 3D version in this set. Pirates 4, Thor, Tron and so many others included a 3D version. I won`t buy this release and wait (let`s see for how long) for the 3D release. I know many of you hate 3D - I love it on my 65\\" panasonic and was soooo looking forward for this. just my personal opinion...
B002UNMW7O|5.0|Great movie!! Love the first one also. Both display what some of us feel when we here about horrific crimes. Two wrongs don't make a right but watching the brothers taking out the bad guys makes we want to stand up and cheer!!
B003297I1U|5.0|This crane is big and built very good the 2 boys love it and I think I will stick with bruder products.
B00005JLH3|5.0|Very good condition. Greatest movie in the history of the world. If you don't watch it, you're missing out. The product is good
B000HIVOI2|3.0|Good movie. This Blu Ray release is not remastered but needs it. The pictures are sharp as expected, but grainy (not pixelly as a DVD would be on a large screen). The grainyness is very noticeable with interior scenes. The colors don't pop. Also, something is funky with subtitles. Where the indiginous language is translated on DVD it is missing on this version, unless you turn on subtitles for the whole movie. Still better than the DVD, and this was only 10 bucks. I'm also not sure where the \\"extended cut\\" scenes are... seems the same as the regular movie (which is my DVD copy).
B005FVFWOI|3.0|I think the offering of the surround mix ONLY in the high-priced box-set is rather unfortunate.  I really like this album, but am not willing to pay about $150 for a box-set that has a bunch of stuff I don't really want in it.  How about making a double-disc set (cd/blu-ray or cd/dvd) available at an affordable price?
B002VPE1XY|5.0|Good quality and fit my camera (Canon SD 780) well, a little bit larger though. But we put extra battery inside and then it fits perfect.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I have been a huge fan of Star Wars since I saw Star Wars Episode IV in 1977 at age 15. I sat through it 5 time in the opening week! Since I have seen it well over 200 times! I have also bought EVERY VERSION ever released on video including: VHS Dolby Stereo, VHS Hifi, Laserdisc CX Stereo, Laserdisc Digital WS, Laserdisc THX WS, Laserdisc Special Edition (SE) THX WS, DVD SE Boxed set. So buying the movies over 7 times is no big deal! Honestly, each was an improvement over the last. I also have NO PROBLEM with the 1997 Special Edition release and subsequent changes over the releases. Let's face it, special effects of the 1970's were cheesy at best when compared to CGI of the last 15 years. Many errors could be seen in the matting in almost every scene. Adding the CGI not only enhanced the films, it brought a whole new audience an appreciation for the wonder that is Star Wars. If I were to show the \\"Theatrical Release\\" of Episode IV to my grandsons after I show them Episode I-III, they would laugh at how cheesy it was.<br /><br />Lucas is a TRUE ARTIST! He was never satisfied with the original films. As a matter of fact, the reason he stared in the middle of the story (Episode IV) was he knew he could never show the vast complexity of the Robot Armies of the of the Trading Guilds, Clone Wars as he had envisioned them with the special effects of that time. That is why he started the story at a point where the effects of the time could achieve reasonable results. He had to develop Digital Motion Control photography to make the ships move as he had envisioned it. He always knew that the technology of special effects would improve. He hated how fake the puppets looked in the bar scene, Yoda in Episode V, Jabba the Hut and Rancor in Episode VI. This is why he went back and redid all three original films before he started the prequels. The prequels are very close to what he wanted ALL the films to look like. I am happy now I can show my grandsons all 6 movies in chronological order in 1080p on my 65\\" set in 7.1 Dolby TrueHD!<br /><br />Then wait till Lucas does them all over again IN 3D! And YES, I WILL BUY THEM AGAIN!!!!r in 1080p on my 65\\" set in 7.1 Dolby TrueHD!     Then wait till Lucas does them all over again IN 3D! And YES, I WILL BUY THEM AGAIN!!!!
B004J4WKUQ|4.0|I became immersed in this book from the first page, and couldn't put it down.  I wondered if I would feel lost due to my limited knowledge of 80's trivia, but the author explains everything well enough for those of us who don't study pop culture to the same extent as the book's characters.    I enjoyed this book enough to give it five stars, but went with four - I need that extra star for titles like Snow Crash, Neuromancer, and Ender's Game.  That said, I won't be at all surprised if Ernest Cline's next book is a five, and I can't wait to read it.
0062060554|5.0|Loved this book. The author does a great job of building to a climax.   Would recommend it to anyone who wants a \\"can't put it down\\" read.
B0035G5IOE|5.0|This movie kinda grew on me after watching it a few times.  A little weird but in a cute funny way! I went to my local video store and they didn't have it stock and had to special order it for me which took too long.  I ordered it on Amazon for 9.99 (BLUE RAY) and received in less than the time I was contacted by the local store.  Not to mention they wanted to charge me x3 times the amount!!! Thanks Amazon  ;)
0740785508|5.0|At first i wasn't sure about picking this book up and I resisted for a long while. I picked up Gurney's other book Color and Light, and its superb so I figured this one has to be at least as good. To my delight it is. Color and Light is far more technical in comparison but this book is also excellent. If one sits down and reads it, and looks at the drawings, follows Gurney's process and commits time to it, you will come out a far better artist. If I were picking text books for a drawing painting course, I would put Imaginative Realism on it with Color and Light (Gurney), for anatomy Drawing for all its Worth (Loomis) or Constructive Anatomy (Bridgman) (I prefer Loomis), add Force: Dynamic Life Drawing for Animators (Mattesi, he has a character design book which is also good but not mandatory), Harley Browns Eternal Truths for Every Artists (Harley Brown) and maybe Universal Principals of Design (Lidwell, Holden, Butler). With those books surrounding you as you delve into making yourself a better artists, you wont go wrong, just crack them open, read, observe and practice. If you like books on how to fantasy art, maybe pick up Otherworlds (Kidd), it has a lot of sketches to finished paintings.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Nothing but errors on my xoom tablet, can't &quot;find my location&quot; and I live in a major US city.  Fail and uninstall
B002XTBE6K|3.0|This version was beautifully done. Made for a movie screen. They also did a great job in the beginning of laying out the story line as to avoid any confusion. Which is sometimes the case with people who have never read the book and are thrown straight into the story line and dialect.     My BIGGEST problem with this version was Mr. Knightly. He is one of the most important characters, HOW COULD THEY GET HIM SO WRONG?  Everything about the actor they choose was extremely weak in comparison to the strong, no nonsense knightly which is found in the pages of Jane Austen's Emma. This actor with his squeaky voice and inability to be convincingly stern did not bring Mr. Knightly to life for me. I had to stop watching it.      The A&E version though not as pretty did a better job at bringing the two main characters to life. Although I have issues with that version too, it remains my favorite so far. I am however a tough critic. I cannot love a movie unless I feel the actors have done the characters justice. If you are looking for eye candy by all means this would be it.
B003Y5H54W|3.0|Given the attention paid to vampires and vampires vs werewolves in the chic-flic genre lately with features such as Twilight and True Blood, it was only a matter of time before someone came out with a werewolf movie.  This movie was heavily advertised in movie trailers and on the web in the months leading up to its release.  This was good, as the movie itself would not have generated the fan feedback to drive large ticket sales.  The movie delivers what the trailer portrays.  There is the girl caught between two guys.  There is the werewolf hunter, and a grandmother with some talent, along with various other village women whose morals span from good to bad.  The movie has romance, a little comedy, and some suspense.  The special effects are good, along with the cinematography.  The DVD itself is plain, nothing special to brag about.  Overall, an OK movie.
B00284G2IA|2.0|I was very disappointed to discover that the BluRay is only 720p.<br />It looks like dvd quality. Nightwish: End of an Era depicts an amazing performance of Nightwish's greatest songs.<br />I'd suggest just going for the DVD, but the performance is worth experiencing.
1400063515|3.0|The Black Swan consolidates and brings to light several good ideas and for this it is worth reading. However if you are looking for groundbreaking knowledge on the frontier you won't find it here. The two main points that detract from an otherwise very interesting book are that the author's writing style is nauseatingly elitist and he tries to peddle well established ideas as his own original work. I couldn't begin to count the number of already described concepts that he relabels with his own 'catch-phrase' (such as 'Platonicity'). This was very frustrating and left me liking the ideas and disliking the author. Certainly not a 'couldn't put it down' book.
B0000033WC|5.0|Though the Velvets were on their way out as far as being a proper and functional unit were concerned, this album represents a completely different sound and style for the band; its really Lou taking the reigns and going for broke here, and compared to the last 3 albums, this would seem almost as the Velvets' commercial attempt at radio and album success. The obvious major tracks on offer are Rock and Roll and Sweet Jane; timeless and instant classic Reed originals that are given the special Velvet treatment as only Sterling Morrison, Maureen Tucker and Doug Yule can provide. Cool it Down, Train 'Round the Bend, Head Held High and Lonesome Cowboy Bill are the more conservative rockers on hand here and sustain this record beautifully amongst the more daring and variedness of the blue-eyed soul/pop of I Found a Reason, the poppy gentleness of Who Loves the Sun, the lyrical story contained in New Age and the record's anthem Oh Sweet Nothing, which has a sprawling melody and is sung by Doug Yule.     The Rhino remaster is expanded and while the first disc features the original album tracklisting with bonus cuts,(even though 3 of these were previously featured on the Velvet's box 2 yrs prior), which include Ride into the Sun, Ocean, I'm Sticking with You and I Love You, the second disc offers alternate versions and mixes of the finished album cuts and makes for an insightful and necessary interest for the deadicated VU fan. In addition to another version of Ocean from his debut solo record, we also get to hear Lou's demos of Satellite of Love, Oh Gin(early version of Oh Jim from Berlin) and Sad Song(also from Berlin). Every Velvet Underground studio release(67-70) had a distinction from the other, and were unique and originally different in their own ways. Loaded is definitely Lou on full force here and typically, in its time, it was ignored; in hindsight it makes for a classic rock and roll record from a band that was ahead of its time and was grossly misunderstood. ForDiehards, this is absolutely essential; for casual fans, the single disc release is highly recommended. I feel that the serious rock fan should not be without this obscure release and makes for a hidden gem within one's own collection. Fully Loaded indeeed. 5 Stars
0793563836|5.0|this is a very good book for learning bass guitar. thanks very much. three parts in one book with three CD's
B0009SOFFY|5.0|Being a fan of rock and roll music in its various forms, the Stooges represent, for me, another reminder of what rock and roll SHOULD be: simple and direct in its sound, yet also displaying an ambience of reckless abandon and unrelenting aggression in its intents. When I picked up Funhouse, I felt that I had just collected the ultimate Stooges release and also had obtained a hidden gem of sorts within the rock music genre. Iggy, the Asheton Bros.(Scott and Ron) and Dave Alexander were absolutely a wonder to behold for their time period and had came into the support of the MC5(whom they dubbed \\"Our little brother band\\") as both groups were Detroit based via the Ann Arbor area. While the Stooges certainly pay somewhat of an homage to the 5, they certainly established themselves most prominently within the history of rock music, and Iggy, of course, has become the most popular figure amongst most \\"old-school\\" punk aficionados. Onto the record.<br /><br />Down on the Street begins with a solid rhythm and a menacing guitar melody which is accented and punctuated by Iggy's loose cannon vocal style. Throughout the duration of this track, its obvious that these guys were no joke. I own the first album, but I feel that John Cale's production style did not mesh well in representing the \\"true\\" sound of the group and Funhouse certainly is a leap forward for the band as I feel Don Gallucci does a great job in capturing the band in its best recorded moments. Loose and T.V. Eye are fast blasts of power and speed and Ig's vocals are completely uninhibited and untamed here. Dirt is a slow, ponderous and menacing number that seems almost paranoid in its delivery. The second half of the record gives way to saxophone courtesy of Steven Mackay on the record's 3 closing numbers, which have a completely wide-open improvisation vibe throughout. 1970 is the answering cousin to 1969 from their debut album and this time around, things are getting crazier and more out of hand. The title track features some great wah-wah guitar from Ron coupled with Steven's exceptional sax playing; the band really stretches out on this number and I feel is the peak of this record. Closing out is the utter chaos and mind-numbing, ear shattering piece known as L.A. Blues. In some ways, I can see where Lou Reed came up with the idea of Metal Machine Music, which is THE most controversial album he's ever done.<br /><br />Overall, I think Funhouse ties with Raw Power as the best representations of the Stooges recorded output and although they have reunited(RIP RON), their best days were, without a doubt, their early days. 5 starssome great wah-wah guitar from Ron coupled with Steven's exceptional sax playing; the band really stretches out on this number and I feel is the peak of this record. Closing out is the utter chaos and mind-numbing, ear shattering piece known as L.A. Blues. In some ways, I can see where Lou Reed came up with the idea of Metal Machine Music, which is THE most controversial album he's ever done.     Overall, I think Funhouse ties with Raw Power as the best representations of the Stooges recorded output and although they have reunited(RIP RON), their best days were, without a doubt, their early days. 5 stars
B001EN71DG|5.0|The DVD set you see here (Luke & Vader dueling on the blue cover) is the version most of us love & remember. Yes Han shoots 1st in this version! This set comes with a total of 6 discs. Each Episode has a \\"Bonus Disc\\" which contains the original one you want to watch. Warning though, Even on your LCD TV's Zoom feature, you will have the black bars along the top & bottom. I was wiling to sacrifice that for the pure version. My DVD player has an upconverting feature so it still looked better zoomed in than the VHS version I owned.     I find it amazing that most fans just want an enhanced, cleaned up version of the original, but haven't been listened for the 20 yrs DVDs been out. I have no intention of buying the Blu Ray of the original trilogy, however since I don't own the Prequels, I probably will pick that up in Blue Ray since Yoda has been made to look like Yoda in Phantom Menace, and not Fozzie Bear! At least someone heard that!
B0058EBNAO|1.0|It worked for one day. Now it says there is no update for Long Beach, California. In fact, there's no update for any city I chose. perhaps being the Amazon free app of the day caused server overload? Not sure, but definitely don't waste your money on this piece of crap app
B001N1DPDE|5.0|I spent alot of time searching for a good knife to go along with me on our hiking/survival trips. I did plenty of research before i came to the conclusion of the BK2. Chopping, splitting, shaving tinder, skinning, prying, digging, stabbing, and anything else you can imagine... you can do it with this bulldog of a blade. The 1/4 in thick blade is unstoppable. Slashing through 1\\" to 2\\" bamboo came suprisingly easy. Splitting 2x4's and even 4x4's down the middle from battoning left me wide eyed. Alot of people that complain about anything regarding this monster should take a second look. The weight, I have no problem with... it helps pack a punch when it comes to chopping (it's like a compact camp axe.) 1/4\\" thickness of the blade adds muscle when you need to use it for prying (think of a small sharpened crowbar.) The handle feels great, its form gives you that extension of your arm feel. The pummel is beyond perfect. It wears good enough that I've replaced it with my everyday knife. It goes where I go. And the sheath, I like it as well. Most people complain about that and the weight the most. But, the sheath is simple, does a great job of keeping the beast on its leash till the time comes to pull it out. Plus it is one the few things out there that have alot of possibilties when it comes to personally modding it out. It's like the 10/22 of the knife world. My BK2 will be around long after I'm gone, and bringing as much reliability to my son as with me. It came out of the box razor sharp, when i did the simple hair test... it actually took off a couple layers of skin. Which I found funny since I'm normally safe when it comes to tools like knives. So, I took it as a comical blood bond with my new side kick. I have already turned many others onto purchasing this knife, and I would put this mini machete on the front of the list to any outdoor fan/ hiker/ survivalist. Thanks to my beautiful wife for the great birthday blade.******** 3/17/12--- I'm adding to my already posted review, not just to boost the bk2 some more... But to set the record straight on some of the more negative post's that i've read about it. I've had the bk2 for 6 months now. And have hit the trails with it numberous times already. I'm sure everyone already has heard of the chopping power of this monster. Well, living in the deep south of the pine belt... it has gone beyond what i've expected. Fire wood for camp on the trail is blown through with ease. Also, shaving kindling to start your fire will come simple as well. Down here, we also have alot of lighter pine. (old pine wood that has set up lots of resin) And anyone that has delt with this type of wood knows, that it is as hard as stone and always a pain to cut, chop, or chip... but if you do, you have some of the best fire starter out there. The bk2 takes on this task like an axe to a viking. Many that post bad reviews for this knife say that they would rather carry a simple smaller blade, and a camp axe or saw. Well, if thats your take on it... fine. But, i would much rather have a  knife that can replace multiple items, than carry 3 or 4 different tools that do one thing each. I've also read that its not as good because it doesn't have a partial seration. Well, yes, but anyone being familier with a knife also knows that other than cutting rope... you really don't use seration. And if you keep your knife sharp, it should go though rope with no problems. People have also posted a negative of it being bulky and unmanagable. ??? Ok, to those people... you either have little girly boy hands, or you have no idea how to handle a blade. My last weekend hike, i used my bk2 to carve a wooden spoon. And it came out great. So, my take on these stupid negative posts i read... is that the people making them are those ultra light backpackers that think anything more than a swiss army knife is too much. (well to those, you can keep your swiss army trash for the cork screw wine bottle opener, and your top dollar north facegear. And i'll keep my bk2 monster that can do everything a knife, axe, saw, or anything else can do except open your bottle of merlot. And my carhart gear that will outlast that north face tent material jacket that will rip passing a rose bush.) And to the others out there that just simply dont know how to use a knife... you shouldn't play with big boy toys in the first place.gear. And i'll keep my bk2 monster that can do everything a knife, axe, saw, or anything else can do except open your bottle of merlot. And my carhart gear that will outlast that north face tent material jacket that will rip passing a rose bush.) And to the others out there that just simply dont know how to use a knife... you shouldn't play with big boy toys in the first place.
B004K7HMJ6|5.0|here is a british songwriter,singer who has written songs for black pop artists and even miley cirus! she has moxy and skill to get it done! what is cool,is that the brits bring us back to our soulful roots from time to time-yeah,give it a listen! ah,music take me away........................
B002WWLPZ8|5.0|Excelent service.  Trust reliable god  price good packing .  I love cds japanese mini lp .  Enuf information about the cds   Hasta México
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I never review products. This is the exception so I can vent my shared opinion about the mangling of a classic film trilogy.    NOT happy with Lucas... he's messed with these movies too many times over the years. The movies I remember as a child are no more. I CANCELLED MY PRE-ORDER!!!!!! I hope others do the same, and opefully George gets the message. I would rate ZERO stars if I could. It's sad to think I will not own these on Blu Ray, I may not even rent them...
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Unable to detect current location, used for day. Super concept and information, if it works. When installed it worked fine for couple of hours and after that stop working.
B0018OL23G|4.0|Jerrys third million seller in a row-and his third biggest selling record of  all-time(45)  on Sun records and really a song that Jerry really never cared for and he doesnt preform it today  and hasnt for many years. But a must in the history of Jerry Lee and Sun record collectors.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|took a few minutes to get it working, but after hitting icon in upper right, it changed to different site with my local weather. give it a chance you'll like it too! I live out in a rural area of central Illinois, if it can find my local weather it can probably find yours. The people giving it 1 star are just too impatient and didn't give this app a chance.  It works great on my HTC EVO.
0553801473|3.0|Does George R.R. Martin get paid by the word? Book five of the Song of Fire and Ice series titled, A Dance with Dragons, comes in at over a thousand pages. Considering that this book was meant to extend the stories of half the characters in book four that he left dangling in that large book, the volume seems excessive, and would benefit from editing. The popularity of the Game of Thrones television adaptation will bring Martin new readers, but I expect those who enjoy the visual grandness of this fantasy world will become tired by the prose and the ways in which Martin leaves one storyline and starts up another. Readers with patience and who are tolerant of wordiness will find extravagant and imaginative stories on these pages. Those who find value in more pages per dollar spent will find such value here. Most readers will bore easily and become confused by all the characters and their backstories. Fans will also be bored by the wasted paragraphs retelling the backstories that loyal readers may know as well as the author. All that said, this is a genre with little of decent writing to entertain readers, and for those who like fantasy tales, there's much to enjoy here, very much.<br /><br />Rating: Three-star (Recommended)
B0058EBNAO|1.0|complete crap hopefully you didn't pay for this app. almost no data available for the city of Detroit. when's others say it's worthless believe them save your money and get a free weather bug app
1593272839|4.0|A young man from Slovenia, just 23 years of age, writes his first book documenting a difficult computer-programming language, in English, which is not his native language. Given these facts, you'd think the odds would be stacked deeply against any measure of success for him. Yet it appears that, with his book [[ASIN:1593272839 Learn You a Haskell for Great Good!: A Beginner's Guide]], Miran Lipovaca has almost smashed the ball right out of the ballpark. It is easily the best text available for an absolute newcomer to Haskell, and would also benefit many who've already perused other Haskell books. Moreover, of the seven volumes on Haskell that I own, it's the only one that I've so far managed to read cover-to-cover (including, BTW, typing, testing, and hacking all the code in it. I have, however, come close to finishing Graham Hutton's book, [[ASIN:0521692695 Programming in Haskell]], which in most respects could not be further removed from this one.) Another big \\"plus\\": Mr. Lipovaca's code actually COMPILES. All of it. (Professor Hutton, are you reading this?)<br /><br />I say \\"almost smashed it out,\\" though, because there is room for improvement. Even at that, I think Lipovaca has, at the very least, hit a long triple, just bouncing off the top of the center-field wall, with this book.<br /><br />To begin with, I must disagree with the reviewers who've claimed, in one way or another, that the author has left out information important even to a beginners' text. On the contrary, the scope and breadth of this text are truly astonishing. Nowhere else have I seen monads, monoids, functors, applicative functors, and the like, treated with such thoroughness and patience. As one or two other reviewers have pointed out, Lipovaca has even managed to impart insight into how these constructs actually obey the same laws that are expected of their theoretical counterparts in higher mathematics, specifically category theory--without getting bogged down in technical details. Thiswould be a stunning achievement for any author, let alone one who's just writing his first book! As a programmer/hacker of more than thirty years, one who's deeply immersed in the imperative programming paradigm, I've truly come to appreciate how Lipovaca divides topics into small, bite-sized, easily-digestible chunks, with (mostly) easy-to-follow code snippets, before moving on to the next chunk. Indeed, he appears to approach his pedagogy from the sympathetic viewpoint of one who has quite recently had to grapple with a welter of high-flying, highly abstracted, and theoretical texts, and who consciously wants to spare his own readers this sort of iniquity.<br /><br />If Mr. Lipovaca's book leaves anything at all to be desired, they would be the following: (1) More systematic use of exercises and problem sets at the end of each chapter; (2) Greater use of extended programming examples, and maybe a few programming projects that readers and hackers can really sink their teeth into. As for (1), despite the wealth of code snippets that the author provides, I still find myself wanting to test my assimilation and understanding, by forcing myself to complete a related set of exercises at chapter's end. To my way of thinking, in a beginners' text these exercises are absolutely indispensable. (Maybe it's just me, but without such exercises I always have the lingering, vaguely nauseated feeling in my gut that I haven't quite absorbed the relevant topics fully.) To take just one example: in his otherwise excellent discussion of randomness and pseudo-randomness (pp. 190-198), the author employs a snippet of code to intimate the beginnings of a rudimentary password generator (on p. 195). Here he misses a good bet, I think; he could have easily followed this up with a series of exercises cuing the reader to develop more powerful and refined versions of the password generator; for instance: \\"(1) Write a brief program that extends the password generator on p. 195 by generating a number of different passwords, the number of which the user can input from the keyboard; (2) Extend this program to allow the user to specify the length of the passwords generated; (3) Now have the program output the passwords in rows of five across, with all five columns aligned; (4) Develop your generator further, by allowing the user to incorporate upper- and lower-case characters, and/or numerals, and/or other typographical symbols, in the passwords;\\" and so on.*<br /><br />As for (2), greater use of extended programming examples and projects, Mr. Lipovaca begins to do as much with his Optimal Path program of Chapter 10, and with the examples used in the final chapter on zippers, yet it still strikes me that he could go much further in this direction. This is one of very few areas in which Graham Hutton's deeply flawed book, [[ASIN:0521692695 Programming in Haskell]], truly shines. I would particularly like to see such examples deployed when readers begin swimming in really deep waters--such as when the discussion turns to creating types, use of applicative functors, monads, and suchlike.<br /><br />Happily, Mr. Lipovaca is as amicable and easy-going as his funny drawings suggest; I've corresponded with him on a few occasions, and he seems willing to address the use of exercises and projects in a subsequent edition of this book. If such an edition does come to pass, I will gladly shell out the bucks for it if the text is expanded to 450-500 pages, maybe with smaller chapters in greater numbers, and comes with copious examples to practice upon and hone the craft of Haskell programming. THAT book would be an absolute world-beater--and a \\"tape-measure\\" home run that bounces into the city streets.**<br /><br />__________________________<br /><br />*Anyone interested in seeing this program realized should Google XGB Web and Software Design, visit the Programming page, and click the link that references code for the password generator.<br /><br />**Oh, and have I pointed out how much I LOVE the \\"I lie flat\\" feature of this book, with its semi-detachable back cover binding? I wish EVERY techbook had this feature.
B0040HJNKC|5.0|Super CD worth every bit of the money. Recommend this CD to any Blues fan.  It has got soul and heart.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|This movie is hilarious, wonderful, and our new favorite.  We borrowed a copy from a family member and loved it so much we had to buy our own copy.  Emma Stone as Olive was perfectly cast and we will see anything she performs in from now on.  Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson, as the parents had us rolling with laughter.  We can't find a fault with this movie and recommend it highly!    Content warning -- some of the language may be too much for young children and Grandma wasn't too thrilled, but it's still our favorite.
1401207529|4.0|BATMAN: YEAR ONE is the essential Batman graphic novel everybody says it is.  It's an interesting read, shining light on Bruce Wayne's early days of cleaning up Gotham City.  It's rather a quick read (~100 pages) and doesn't take up too much shelf space.  I finished the book in one sitting (a couple hours).  The paperback version includes several pages of behind-the-scenes artwork from David Mazzucchelli, including pencil sketches and scans of the original printed pages (which readers can compare to the recolored pages in this deluxe edition).    Frank Miller's story is an expansion of Batman's origins, set in contemporary times (the 1980s), to lay the groundwork for the modern Dark Knight in DC Comics's newly sorted-out (\\"post-Crisis\\") continuity.  Originally released in four chapters, YEAR ONE covers a calendar year in the lives of Lieutenant James Gordon (a rare honest cop) and Bruce Wayne/Batman as they work in parallel to clean up a city filthy with crime and corruption.  Gordon is new in town and won't play ball with the corrupt police force.  Wayne is back after a twelve-year absence, looking to make a difference.    We see The Batman in his earliest days as a public enemy, working his way from small-time hoods up to the criminal bosses of Gotham City.  The police are after the mysterious vigilante, but Gordon comes to realize that they're on the same side.  Gordon and Wayne share \\"screentime\\", with their internal monologues propelling the story.  We see Gotham through Gordon's eyes, and it's not a very nice place.  We see Wayne set up his theatrical entrances and use his keen mind and fighting skill.    Everything about Wayne's Batman persona is deliberate, and he works to strike fear into his enemies while protecting his secret identity as a millionaire playboy.  However, in these early crime-fighting outings we see him learn a few lessons the hard way, taking the occasional bullet to the leg or shoulder.    There's really not a lot of Batman in costume inthis story.  A lot of emphasis is on Gordon and how the police see the Batman threat.  The Caped Crusader has a couple cool action sequences, but he mostly flashes in and out of the narrative.  Mysterious-like.  And don't expect to see favorite Batman baddies, as this is still the early days.  Catwoman does make an appearance.    A lot of BATMAN: YEAR ONE reminds me of the movie BATMAN BEGINS (2005), although the movie packs more into Wayne's backstory and elaborates on the action.  YEAR ONE, by comparison, leaves things unsaid.  The narrative covers a whole year, with days or weeks skipped between every couple of panels.  There's a lot of ambiguity as to the development of the Batman persona, the costume, the weapons.  In fact, at the end of the book I was left wanting a little bit more.  It felt like I had only read the first half of a story.  Which, I suppose, is the case.  This is only Act One.  I wanted to see how Batman and Gordon came to cooperate, but I suppose that's left up to the reader.    YEAR ONE is certainly a graphic novel to check out, and this paperback version is very nice.  But keep in mind that this is the early days of the Dark Knight.  Batman is still on training wheels.  Don't expect a lot of classic crime-fighting action or the colorful Batman rogues gallery.
0553801473|2.0|As others have said - very disappointing for such a long wait.  As is often the case with these authors who become wildly successful, their editors have less say about what needs to come out.  This book could have been cut in half.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|North & South is a masterpiece. It has a beautiful soundtrack, wonderful setting and costumes, and unearthly acting (particularly on the part of Richard Armitage). The story itself is inspiring and beautiful. A definite must-see!
B005D9MUWY|4.0|This keyboard worked perfectly until I tried to install it on my Droid Bionic. Any new updates coming out soon?
B005J0VPNC|5.0|Fun camera app. Cool concept. Has quite a few unique camera app effects. If you enjoy camera Apps like myself, then you'll like to add this to your collection. It's also only. 99 cents. Get it and have fun!
B005J0VPNC|1.0|The app when launched starts to load but then closes with an error saying something else is using the camera. Rebooting doesn't help.
0763644765|5.0|I bought this book along with 2 other potty training books. When I read this one, I was disappointed with how short it was. But my son loves it!!! He is only 2 so he can remember most of the words unlike the longer books. He uses his potty often when we read this book. It's worth trying- highly recommend!!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I really was looking forward to this release until I started reading all of the negative comments. I wanted to watch the original trilogy with my kids in HD. I cancelled my order upon the recommendations of other reviewers. With this much controversy, hopefully something better will be released in the future. I am not the biggest fan of Star Wars although I did enjoy the films. If I am going to spend this much on a set of movies, I would prefer to avoid disappointment.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Sorry, Lucas, not this time. Never again. You had a chance to redeem yourself in the eyes of fans by including the original versions, remastered and in HD on this set, and once again you shun the people that made you rich in the first place. Well, not this time. Until the original versions are released, in remastered HD quality, you're not getting another penny of my money.
B004Y1USJE|4.0|Overall I was pleasantly surprised with Fly From Here. It can easily be thought of as Drama mk.II. If you like that record, the chances you'll like the new one are considerable. And don't be scared about an Anderson-less release. Benoit David's voice sounds pretty much like Trevor Horn's one, which is not bad at all. As long as you don't expect a new Close to the Edge, go for it.
B005B19UPE|4.0|I couldn't put the book down.  Haven't seen the movie, but sometimes the book is better because you use your imagination.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I am coming from Swype and I gotta say that I have found the best keyboard of all time.  5 stars all the way.
B0000669JL|5.0|Product was delivered on time and in excellent condition.  This is a wonderful album and it contains nearly all of Bob Marley's best recordings.  Don't bother getting that deluxe or expanded LEGEND;  it has the same songs but many repetitions.
B002ZG98Z0|1.0|When Sex and the City first came on the airwaves in America, I was a young woman of 21. I loved the show because it presented `successful,' educated women in a situation in which they were allowed to talk about sex (without being downgraded to typical whore/virgins constructions of their sexuality,) and it seemed to promote feminist viewpoints of equality for women. Of course, the show was not revolutionary; many have criticized the classed, white New York it portrays -- where the only faces of ethnicity were the waitstaff at the uber-posh restaurants that the ladies frequented.<br /><br />However, the women had complicated personal lives, and they didn't seem to \\"need\\" men. The show was witty and gritty, and it explored being single in one's 30's in a culture celebrates coupledom and shuns older singles. The writing itself was clever and employed subtle double entendre as their friendships and sexual relationships were explored. Fast forward 12 years, and to quote this latest monstrosity of a film, \\"O how the mighty have fallen.\\"<br /><br />Thoroughly disappointed at a the 2 hour long shoe-and-handbag-advertisement called Sex and the City 1, I vowed there would be no further patronage from me. Alas, a fundraiser for a local mothers/children organisation tugged at my guilt, and I forked out the $20 to go see Sex and the City 2 to support this organisation.  I was secretly looking forward to how cringe-inducing I intuited it would be. Self-directed schadenfreude perhaps?<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />The classism was just oozing off the screen.  What really affected me however was the IRONY. Here were the 4 main characters in Abu Dhabi, feeling pity for the poor veiled Arabic women, spouting aphorisms on the oppressiveness of these \\"religious arab men,\\" and the womens' \\"lack of voice.\\"  They criticize the entire culture for domineering women, and being \\"afraid\\" of sex. YET, the ladies characters have a religious oppressor  of their own.  From their garish facepaint, and  the brutality of their version of Chinese-foot-binding (strutting around in 8 inch Christian LeBoutin heels,) to the carnivalesque-thousand- dollar dresses, the women of SATC are just as religious and dogmatic as those they are critiquing. Their language and ritual is not of a prayer to Mecca, but a worship of the cocktail, the shoe, the shopping, and a narcissistic self-involvement.<br /><br />The writing was just ATROCIOUS. Gone was the subtlety of the clever double-entrendres used when the show first aired.  The actresses didn't even seem to BELIEVE their lines, which is fair enough. How could any comedic timing  and believability possibly be appropriated for such clich&eacute;d and clunky lines as \\"mid-wife crisis, \\" \\"Inter-friend-tion?\\"  At one point Samantha meets a man named  Ricardo Spurtz. \\"Ricardo is Danish for Richard,\\" he explains.  Oh,  Samantha asks \\"so your name is Dick Spurtz?\\" Dick replies to Samantha, \\"could you be any more American?\\" And that, my friends, was THE ONLY reflexive moment of the film.<br /><br />And like Samantha, the film did not feel like it could possibly be any more American, it stunk of an American Pie meets I Dream of Jeannie meets Sorority Girls go on National Lampoons Middle Eastern vacation.  It was JUST SO PAINFUL --So clunky, so groan-inducing, and so  incredibly condesecending to Abu Dhabians. At one point Carrie buys shoes from a local cobbler and patronises him with treatment only a very cute puppy should receive. At best the orientalised world of the Arab in SATC's version of Abu Dhabi is patronising and rude, but at worst, its incredibly racist and demeaning.<br /><br />One final note, I could not find ANY redeeming quality to this film, and believe me, I wanted to.  Perhaps one moment, the character Miranda in discussing motherhood was close to some sort of \\"moment,\\" but even that fell flat due to the appalling writing. Despite the 4 women Karaoke version of I am Woman, the film is actually deeply misogynistic. Thecharacters have been reduced to these garish caricatures of consumerism, soulless and loveless, racistly proclaiming their superiority. They are ever-dependent on the men they once claimed they did not need. And sadly, any feminist benefit the show might have initially had, the films have now nullified.  Any integrity to the foundation of the Sex and the City story has now been burnt down to a barely noticeable skeleton. Gone are the moments, the deep questions and sexual conundrums of the show and all that is left is  the  religious fervour of  these walking fashion advertisements bowing down to their narcissism, racism and misogyny, to slip on a pair of $5000 stilletos, cosmo in hand and go walking in the desert.<br /><br />Oh indeed, the mighty have fallen.consumerism, soulless and loveless, racistly proclaiming their superiority. They are ever-dependent on the men they once claimed they did not need. And sadly, any feminist benefit the show might have initially had, the films have now nullified.  Any integrity to the foundation of the Sex and the City story has now been burnt down to a barely noticeable skeleton. Gone are the moments, the deep questions and sexual conundrums of the show and all that is left is  the  religious fervour of  these walking fashion advertisements bowing down to their narcissism, racism and misogyny, to slip on a pair of $5000 stilletos, cosmo in hand and go walking in the desert.    Oh indeed, the mighty have fallen.
B004JN1D2I|5.0|I happened upon the first book by chance as I was browsing through the local bookstore for something \\"light\\" to read. When I first started the book, I figured I had gone a little too \\"light\\" in my selection. I even considered giving the book to a friend of mine's child but as I continued to read (my buddy wasn't at home) the story became more and more interest ring and then, I was hooked. I will say there are times when the author goes a tad bit overboard in his descriptions of some meal or another equally as irrelevant part of the storyline. The more I read, book after book, the more I started thing of the masterpiece that is \\"Dune\\". While \\"Fire and Ice\\" isn't \\"Dune\\", it does have its' own richly defined world with \\"plans within plans\\". All and all, it (the series which is now five books with rumors of several more on the way)is a good read, an easy read (except for keeping up with all of the different Houses, Lords, wenches and such)and most importantly, an interesting read. Plan on not having a life when you plow through \\"A Song of Fire and Ice\\" because when you get started, there is no way to put it (them) down. Enjoy! I sure have.    One more thing, I purchased the paperback versions and have now purchased the Kindle versions as well. I have yet to find any problems at all with the Kindle versions, must be a loose nut behind the wheel. The anonymity of the Internet seems to have encouraged people to fuss about anything and/or everything as they can remain anonymous as they pontificate on high.
B0001GL3K4|5.0|This movie is really fantastic. Very funny, well acted and incredibly sweet, the movie makes for an amazing Christmas movie that you can watch all year 'round. My family and I have made it a tradition to watch this movie every Christmas-eve, and it's one of my favorite things that we do as a family.
B00005JKQZ|5.0|I read the book and watched the movie. Although the movie did not cover all aspects of Nash's life it was still a beautiful movie. Mental illness can be a crippling illness for everyone involved. This movie showed that John Nash did not stay in that awful place but once again became the productive person he wanted to be.
B0018LX9T4|5.0|Wow.  So I saw this movie for the first time on Comcast and I was like, I hope this movie is good.  Each second I was glued to the TV.  I loved this movie.  It's so unique, so deep, so emotional, (it has its moments) so funny, so out of control, warped;all in a good way! I lovee SPADER!!!!! his is a must have! I purchased this movie and 2 days later I received it.  Talk about fast delivery and great movie! Enjoy! You won't regret it!
1878424319|1.0|If you read the table of contents you will get the positive intention of this book.  The table of contents would make for a good book.  What is found in this book is something that feels like a borderline cult handbook.  He talks about black magic and alternate realities.  Did I mention it ends with prayers?  Some of my favorite take-aways from  the book are:    1.  Words are powerful, just look at Hitler.  2.  If you tell someone they will have cancer, and they believe you, they will have cancer in one year.  3.  The little voice in your head...that is a God from an alternate reality talking to your brain.    The book was like a car crash for me, it was terrible, but I couldn't look away.  I just needed to know how it would end up, plus it is pretty shore, just ramblings from a peyote induced wanna be cult leader.  I read a lot of books, but I have never done an Amazon review before.  I needed to share my thoughts about this book with the world.    I can't imagine that anyone would actually gain anything from this book.  I'm amazed this book even exists.  Why don't I have my own book?  I sure hope this guy is not rich.
1451629184|5.0|This book was so awesome.  How she survived what she went through is unbelievable.  It really makes you think.  I have read it and pasted it on to 3 more people there feelings were the same. She is an awesome person.
B0054N73EY|5.0|Im rating it a 5 because it is a very good album mainly a new changed sound for the Peppers but I have to complain about one thing. Where the @*%# is the lead guitar! What I loved and everyone else for that matter is the memorable guitar chords and riffs from previous songs such as Otherside, Scar Tissue, Snow Hey Oh, Soul to Squeeze, Under the Bridge, Californication to a few of many songs that have a backbone of good guitar. Yes this album features alot of good bass from Flea but they need to bring back the epic guitar of previous RHCP.
B005F2BBLK|3.0|I was excited to watch this with the kids, but we were immediately turned off when Rango asked the Barbie \\"are those real?\\", yeah I may be a prude and this may have gone over my kids heads but I'm still disappointed because I don't feel that kind of dialogue is necessary in a kids movie.<br /><br />We actually stopped watching it and I asked for my money back, which Customer service was very gracious in doing.
0345529057|5.0|Physical quality of the books:    There were a lot of reviews about the quality of these books being quite poor. A lot of people claimed their books came with loose or missing pages. A friend of mine ordered this set and after reading through them all he told me he had no problem with the pages, so I decided to order it as well.     I am halfway through the third book and I've yet to find any problems with the actual pages or the printing. With the number of reports about loose or missing pages, I have no doubt that these claims are true and not the fault of poor treatment by the reader, but I must say that my books have all been of good quality.    It's actually a very nice looking set for the price and being paperback.      Content of the books:    Great. Fantastic. I've never read a series with books as long as these, but it's the most satisfying reading experience I've had!
B0058VW36U|4.0|This is a very fun game. I recommend it to anyone that likes strategy type games. if you cut the rope in the wrong order, the monster will starve! Make sure you get it right each time!
B0058EBNAO|5.0|At first the app would say error, but I clicked the &quot;i&quot; to select weather sources, and it instantly loaded up the info!   Ymmv good luck
B004XGN8W4|5.0|The description keeps mentioning PS3 Slim but can it house a regular PS3?  This is crucial for me as i am deployed and I thought I can go without my PS3 but was wrong!...
B000PMLFRA|1.0|That's it, plain and simple.  Lucasfilm can include all the extras they want and charge 10 cents and I still wouldn't buy it without the original theatrical editions of these movies.  I saw \\"Star Wars\\" in the theater when I was 6 years old, and it blew my mind.  That's the movie I want to watch again - not \\"Star Wars Episode I: A New Hope: Special Edition,\\" just plain old \\"Star Wars.\\"  I don't mind if the SE version is also on the disc, and I'd probably watch it if it were - after watching the original.  I'd even spring for the full set of all 6 movies - even though I have no interest in the newer ones - if that were the required indulgence to gain access to plain old \\"Star Wars\\" and friends.    Just to add some perspective, I'm not some rabid Star Wars fan who goes to conventions, dresses up, etc.  I'm just a middle-aged guy who wants to see a movie he fondly remembers from his childhood.
B005COO1X6|5.0|Steven King can do no wrong in my eyes.  That said, I really did enjoy this short story and am looking forward to 11/22/63. SK is a pro at writing short stories and this did not dissapoint.
B002ZG9940|3.0|Like what the rest of the reviewers said, this is not an action movie so, set your expectations correctly before you watch it.    Pros: This movie is more European than American. Its use of symbols is more prolific than a typical American movie. Gunsmithing terminologies are quite accurate in terms of the specs of the rifle and needs of the buyer. The live-firing is somewhat controversial, though. Artistic side of things, in terms of how the scenes are composed and the use of landscapes, lines and geometry, were quite nicely done.    Cons: It takes its time to develop the characters, although I wished the dialogues are more creative and interesting. Plot was pretty shallow and negligible. Way too much sexual scenes. Those scenes were also too long. Additionally, I failed to see how they contributed to the film.
B002RVZV9U|5.0|To be honest, the only people who are really going to be getting this are guitar aficionados, and possibly really huge fans of either Page, The Edge, or Jack White.  But either way, it's a fantastic documentary into how those three got started, and their views on the electric guitar as well.  Watching this makes me want to pick up the guitar and make something beautiful.  Hopefully it'll do the same for you.  ENJOY!
B00004YZFR|5.0|If anyone missed being at a Stones concert in 1969 - this is truly a must see film.. not only do you feel like your \\"right there\\" at all times because it's so wonderfully filmed, but also you will get that really sick in the gut feeling when things are going awry -like you ARE truly there, all starting when that fat naked women tries to pull her way up to the stage..you can almost smell the puke in her hair, the filming is so real and raw...all in all if you want a movie that leaves you feeling like you might of been there..this is for you...
B004GJDQT8|5.0|connects right to my amazon account and my phone. Easy to use and useful when i can think of stuff the last minute that i needed to buy on the go.
B0009MAPJU|5.0|Product description from back of DVD package: \\"All the seemingly innocent symbolism of Halloween - black cats, snakes, broomsticks, bonfires, \\"trick or treat,\\" jack-o'-lanterns, apple bobbing, and costumes - has its roots in sorcery, witchcraft, and satanism. It is the parents' responsibility to decide whether to allow their children to participate in celebrations that glorify pagan occultism. This dramatic expose will change your opinion of Halloween forever!\\" Format: 1 DVD Running time: 60 minutes Creator: Jeremiah Films PARENTAL GUIDANCE STRONGLY ADVISED
140053271X|5.0|I know Amazon is going to hate me for this but here goes:    I used to have a Kindle 3. It was great. It made reading a pleasure however there were a couple of things I would have liked to change. I wished that it had a touch screen and that it was smaller.    When I saw the Nook Touch I thought that this is what my Kindle should be like. Well I decided to buy the Nook and I'm very, very pleased. I won't go into an in depth review of the device itself. You can find that just about anywhere. What I will say is the touch screen makes things so much easier. I love the on screen virtual keyboard (like the ipad) and the fact that it's a lot smaller than the Kindle 3 but with the same size and quality screen.    Since giving the Kindle to a relative I thought about the books that I already bought from Amazon and the fact that I now have to use my Android phone to read them since the Nook does not read Kindle books......or does it??    With a little research I was able to find out how to root my Nook Touch (voids your warranty). Now when I turn on the Nook, it gives me a dual boot screen (sort of). I can go to the Android desktop or the the Nook screen. Using the Android desktop which included the Android market I downloaded the Kindle reading app. I ran that app, logged into my Kindle account and now have all my Kindle book available on my Nook Touch. The only thing missing is text to speech but I didn't use that feature anyway. Yes it has a web browser, email and all the other Android apps available but most look pretty drab on a monochrome device. That isn't why I did this. I wanted a device to read my Nook Books and Kindle books.     I now have the best of both worlds.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The fact that only the special editions are available digitally is appalling. I was hopeful that with the Blu-ray edition he would include both versions, but I seem to be ever the disappointed optimist. looking at the number of 1 star reviews here (71% of the reviews as I write this), I'm not alone. All the fans ask it that we have the option to see the version we fell in love with. To me it's like seeing a once beautiful actress, who was beautiful even with the flaws, have a bunch of plastic surgery to look younger, but instead of just aging gracefully, she now looks like some horrible pantomime of herself. That is exactly how these special editions feel to me, and frankly until the theatrical versions are available, Lucas can't have one red cent of my money. I am boycotting all products by Lucas Arts, not just these movies. Maybe then he might get it through his head.
0765322889|5.0|A somewhat complicated book for a fantasy, with a myriad of characters to keep track of.  There's no humorous sidekicks or romantic interludes in this book, it is written in a no nonsense style of an unforgiving military tactician.  It's not for everyone.  Lover's of Glen Cook's Black Company series should thoroughly enjoy this book.    The plot of the novel, in a nutshell is this--the Malazan Empire, ruled by the megalomania-cal Empress Laseen, is a militaristic human society that has ambitions for conquering most, if not all, of its known world.      Erikson's background as an archaeologist and anthropologist shines through in his description of the various cultures and peoples that occupy the various continents and countries of this fascinating world that the Malazan Empire is trying to control, and one can't help but hearken back to the days of the Roman empire at its heyday.  Now throw in mages and their use of some complex and intriguing forms of sorcery, near-constant interactions with gods (good and evil) that take great delight in meddling and influencing the events and actions of the mortal protagonists on the planet, and finally Erikson's creation of several unique non-human races of sentient beings that have been on this world for hundreds of thousands of years!  Altogether this makes for a very potent and heady brew that needs to be imbibed slowly.      Read carefully and just take it all in word-by-word.  Erikson doesn't spend several pages describing people, places and things like, say, George R R Martin, he cuts right to the chase. There is some seriously dark stuff going on here that simply makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up.  I can only bow down and marvel at the imagination of Mr. Erikson.
B0058EBNAO|2.0|it's a cool looking widget, and it finds my weather info just fine, but it can't tell time a all. the clock feature is pointless. i'm reverting back to 3D clock.
034552554X|5.0|This is a wonderful novel, one that I will think about for a long time.  I was very moved by the story of an abandoned child, Victoria, who bounces around the foster care system and ultimately sabotages a chance for an adoptive home.      Having worked with young people in foster care, I found Victoria to be absolutely authentic.  In my work, I often found young people who started to do well and succeed and then would do something to throw everything out of whack yet again.  I came to feel that most of these young people were far more comfortable with failure than with success and when they would start to do well, it became very scarey for them.    The listing of the meaning of flowers in the back of the book is something that I will keep and refer to often.  So interesting!    This is a book that will keep you up late at night as you see what happens when Victoria turns 18 and is no longer in the foster care system.  While it seems difficult to believe that at 18 she would no longer be supported, it is true.  I know of one foster youth who was dropped off at a homeless shelter on the day she turned 18.  True story.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|I never thought much of Claire Danes as an actress. She isn't a bad actress, I just never thought much about her..until I saw her as Temple Grandin. She is an amazing actress. I was so memorized by her acting I had to watch this again to get the story line. This is a touching, funny and eye opening experience into the world of autism. I recommend it for anyone who even knows someone who has this condition. Wonderful story.
B005J0VPNC|4.0|The effects are very nice and the ui is simple and cute. when i click to add a photo from my gallery it doesnt give me any option to actually add them.  This is a nice compliment to little photo, which also has some great (not overlapping) effects, but a better ui.  running cyanogenmod on an htc evo shift.  one other missing feature that would be nice is an option to take a photo after touching any part of the screen...to allow self portraits.
B000VKW7AK|5.0|i bought it here cause its cheaper on amazon. but from the dvd n all the songs its worth it.
0385040253|5.0|A masterpiece. Ashley organized his topic around the vocations of the workers who used the knots, and the book now is a window into that history. They artwork in the book simplifies learning each specimen, and is reason alone to review its pages. To think that a tradesman would take the time to create some of the more complex specimens in a workday environment speaks to an era when pride of purpose, mental and digital dexterity, and understanding how to exploit a simple medium with artistic and structurally sound results was  a daily routine.     I was given my copy by my father in the 50's, and I expect I'll pass mine on to my kids.
0470913029|2.0|Looks to me like Mr. Cordain should go on a diet of some kind, or get to doing a daily Paleo-workout.<br /><br />Guy looks like one of those flabby, over-weight exercise gurus on TV--or maybe a venal evangelist from the old-South.<br /><br />How can you be seduced by people like this?<br /><br />tlt-
B003L77GRO|5.0|Dexter is my much-watch series, my #1 reason to watch Showtime. The actors deliver, the script is well-written. Good twisted fun. I recommend it to all of my friends. I can't wait for Season 6!
B004Y1USV2|3.0|As I listened to this album I noticed a distinct disconnect for the title track and the rest of the album.  As I read more about \\"Fly from Here\\" I found out that the title track and \\"life on a Film set\\" were actually from the \\"Drama\\" era of yes, Written by Downes and Horn.  While these two tracks are solid, it points out that yes has lost its creative edge.  The new material is weak.  The only track other than \\"Fly from Here\\" and \\"Life on a film set\\" that is YES as it was and should be is \\"Solitaire\\".  I am still a yes fan and I hope they can do better next time around.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|I've not been overly happy with the weather apps on my Droid Charge so I was pleased to see Amazon offer this weather app for free. I was leery because of the early reviews, but liked the capabilities enough to give it a try.    I downloaded the app and couldn't get it to detect GPS or show any reading at all. I thought the poor ratings were merited and closed the app, hoping that a future update would deliver a better experience.    To my surprise, moments later my status bar showed a weather icon, which I clicked, and the app was up and running with a delightful user experience. I don't know what happened (thus my 4-star rating), but once the app was loaded, it worked beautifully. It is by far my favorite weather app.    My suspicion is that the default data provider (Intellicast) had troubles that took time for the data load. I switched my locations to the Foreca data feed and the app is incredibly quick.    Had the out-of-the-box experience been what I'm enjoying now, this would have been a 5-star rating, but alas...
B005BGBPBG|3.0|[[ASIN:B005BGBPBG Something Borrowed]]Yes, most romantic comedies have a frustrating side, but this film overdid on the total frustration.  And truly, even the ending was frustrating...so if you like frustration with little to no laughs, this is the film for you.
B001GAOY5U|4.0|i just got this in 3d. it takes the red green glasses which  came with it. i got it from walmart on the internet. is very good but not much color. its humorous and the blue bird comes out into the room. i would recommend this in 3d.
0547338023|2.0|Everyone knows the story of \\"The Little Prince\\" that comes down from his planet, with the three volcanoes (one dormant) and the rose that is like no other, to our planet.  Where he tames a fox, finds his rose isn't the only one in the galaxy, and helps a stranded pilot before heading back to his own world.  This book provides it's own adaptation of the classic tale.<br /><br />And...frankly it falters in the adaptation of the story.  It misses a good bit of the text in the beginning (which tends to happen when you turn a story like this into a graphic novel) such as the pilot talking about how he can tell which type of person they are and the entire talk of the prince about the type of plants on the planet; and he adds things that don't really need to be there, such as the smoke snake saying the pilot shouldn't be smoking in the book.  Changes like this, to me, distract a bit from the original tale and don't really serve a purpose in being there.  It's disappointing, because the original is such a powerful tale and while elements of it remain it feels distorted.<br /><br />The artwork, which should be the important part of any graphic novel, looks more like a five year old drew it, with the characters often looking flat (in one panel the prince suddenly has weird black lines under his eyes and looks dead) and the line work is uneven.  Even worse the characters never look the same twice.  And while you can always tell them apart they look like they're made out of clay or some other mailable material.<br /><br />To me this is just a disappointing adaptation of the story because it misses so much.  I would stick with one of the original translations of the tales versus reading this.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I think we're just watching Lucas masturbate at this point.     He's simply acting, on his own, to re capture a lost glory, and slightly modifying details a bit to continue to keep him self excited about the act.    Sorry George, I've grown up.    All I've wanted from you all these years, is a continuation of the story.     You tried, with Ep 1,2 and 3...  Delivering the most absurdly written and poorly orchestrated examples of film making this side of how they script COPS (yes, the reality TV show).        And then after that, you're just re-editing, and re-editing, and trying to capture something that wasn't perfect to begin with, which means you'll never obtain perfection with it.    Move on.   Do something new.  For all our good.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|[[ASIN:B000PMLFRA Star Wars: The Original Trilogy (Episodes IV - VI) [Blu-ray]]]I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO SEE THE ORIGINAL ON BLU RAY.  the remakes are not so great i DO NOT KNOW WHY THEY JUST ARE NOT.  STAR WARS WAS THE FIRST GREAT MOVIE I SAW.  WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT MY DAD TOOK ME AND MY BEST FRIEND (at the time) TO SEE IT.  MY FRIEND WAS BACKWARDS IN THE SEAT LOOKING AT THE REEL ROOM;  I WAS HYPNOTIZED BY THE SCREEN.  SOON AFTER I HAD ALL THE SOUND TRACKS, POSTERS, AND FORGIVE ME ME IF I AM WRONG THE BBC RECORDINGS (or PBR are they not the same).  I ALSO REMEMBER A PHENOMENAL DOCUMENTARY ON PBS (not pbr)(either \\"new hope\\" or EMPIRE STRIKES BACK) MR LUCAS SAYING \\"UHM\\" ALOT.  DAD GOT PISSED BECAUSE BECAUSE I STARTED MOCKING THIS GUY THAT WAS SAYING \\"UHM\\" ALL THE TIME.  ANYWAY THIS TOOK ME BEHIND THE SCENES.  IT WAS NOT LIKE \\"THE WIZARD OF OZ\\".  THIS WAS A REAL BEHIND THE SCENES.    THEN THE REMAKES CAME OUT.  SEVERAL YEARS LATER.  TOOK A GUY THAT THAT HAD NEVER SEEN THEM BEFORE. GUESS WHAT HE DID.  TURNED AROUND AND LOOKED AT THE REEL ROOM.  I LOOKED AT THE SCREEN.  STILL ASTOUNDED, BUT NOT AS IMPRESSED.  SOMETHING HAD CHANGED.  THE EXTRA STUFF WAS ADDED ON TO IMPRESS.  ALL IT DID WAS DETRACT FROM A FANTASY THAT WAS ESTABLISHED FROM THE GET GO.  MR. LUCAS PLEASE GIVE THE OPTION OF WHICH MOVIE TO WATCH.  I PREFER THE ORIGINAL, BUT I COULD WATCH REMAKE.  GIVE US (the people that grew up with you) THE OPTION OF WHICH VERSION WE WANT TO WATCH.  MAYBE WE CAN COMPARE THE TWO, AND SEE WHAT YOU WANTED TO SEE.  I CAN ASSURE YOU, WE WITH WERE WITH YOU THE WHOLE TIME.  PLEASE PUT THE ORIGINAL, AND THE REMAKE ON BLU RAY.  I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THE ORIGINAL ON HIGH DEF WITHOUT COMMERCIAL INTERRUPTIONS.    OH YEAH.  PLEASE DO NOT DO THE 3D THING.  BORING, AND IT WILL TAKE AWAY FROM THE COLOR.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|STAR WARS is a great franchise with the original three the best of the lot.  But how many times can you sit through these movies?  I tried sitting through Spike TV's marathon last weekend and found myself saying \\"what the hell am I doing?  I have seen these freaking things so many freaking times!!!!  Why not see something NEW!!!\\"  Even a great movie can only be watched in full so many times!!!  I choose to move forward and see new movies instead, while keeping fond memories of the original STAR WARS in the childhood part of my 45 year old brain.
0061339202|5.0|The book arrived much sooner than I thought it would and it is in great condition.  I have only just started reading it and so cannot say much about the content, but so far what I have read has made so much sense and has put a lot of things into context for me.  I love it so far.
B004SBX112|1.0|Putting ads in a paid game is deceptive and just lame.  Charge more, I'm fine with that, but ads in a paid game are flatly unacceptable.  1 star until it's fixed.
B0019N94X6|5.0|do you remember when the price of this Blu ray disc was 34.99.  well, before it was 25.00, so i did some researching and found that best buy was selling it for 19.99.  I wrote amazon and said that best buy is selling the price for 20, so they dropped it.  this is why i love amazon, they are great.  So i bought it from amazon of course.  they never disappoint.  i love amazon.  It is the best movie ever, and possibly the best Blu ray ever.  Buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Okay, I'll keep it short. There's really nothing to say that hasn't been said in here already. Very disappointing. Actually, it's not Vader's Jedi \\"Noooo\\" that's broken it. It was actually Greedo shooting first, thereby completely altering Solo's character. King George has truly forgotten what it was all about and what made us love it. No, I won't be buying the Blu Rays. I still have my originals on DVD, and that's what I watch. Should the original versions ever be released in Blu, absolutely.
B0016MJ6HY|5.0|The DVD was in great condition. No skipping or anything like that. I love the movie itself! I would definitely recommend it!!!!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|ok, first of all i have no idea what people are talking about when they say it is laggy and has bad graphics. on my sprint LG Optimus s, the graphics are just as good as on my ipad and the game is very responsive. it really is exactly like you are playing it on an ipad. so maybe it just depends on the phone, because it works great for me. no regrets on this purchase.
B003Y5H5FQ|5.0|What a great movie a great mix of violent and scary. Inventive and fun, you'll really enjoy Colin's no nonsense vampire.
B004I11VZA|5.0|First, some of the story line gets a little corny, but the fighting sequences in this movie totally make up for it. Now I wanna learn wing chung. On top of that, it's in blu-ray.
1935670913|5.0|This is good book to read.You will find lots of good information in this book.I recommended it book to a friend.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|I just got a DROID Bionic and have been playing around with apps.  This app is a lot of fun, but only certain filters are working for me.  Seven of the settings just display a black screen, but the four that work produce some neat images.    **** Update:  I Talked to the Devs that work on Paper Camera and they were able to get it working for the Bionic even with modifying existing photos.  Great customer service and now that I have a fully functioning app it gets the full 5/5 stars!  Thanks!
B0058EBNAO|3.0|Has potential, but too many issues. Widgets don't work at all on Nexus One with CM7 or Xoom with 3.2. Weather sources aren't that great, there are better ones out there.
B00012QM8G|5.0|Very sad movie but very well made. I think they shortened it. I first seen Schinderlin's List at the movie theatre when it came out. I remember it was a long, long, movie, very historical and very much worth seeing. The world must not be allowed to forget so that it never happens again...thou using genocide to kill people did not end with Hitler's death and the end of World War II unforfortunately. It continues today tho not on the scale of what happened in World War II to the Jewish people BUT it should NOT be happening on smaller scales. Tolerance is the key here. If people learned tolerance we might not witness awful things like this happen anymore. The movie arrived on time and I've had no problems with it. It was pleased with the quickness the seller had gotten it to me.
B000MTPANQ|5.0|This album is great. Hear all the songs before they became famous. If you are a guitar player you must have this one. The best \\"unplugged\\" I've heared. He tells stories about the songs, \\"Old man\\" and \\"A man needs a maid\\". My personal favorite is a song called \\"Dance dance dance.\\" I learned this one on guitar and it's become a favorite with my friends too. You need this album.
B002UM5BXW|2.0|I'm enjoying the book, but the Kindle edition is filled with text errors (spacing, hyphens, OCR errors).  Not only does this make it difficult to read, but dramatically lessens the pleasure of reading the story.  This needs another quality check and some more proofreading.
0553801473|4.0|I must be a sucker for GRRM, but I did loved this book.<br /><br />Slow paced for sure, but it still amogst the best fantasy litterature out there.<br /><br />Thanks for another novel well-done GRRM.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|i have never written a review in my life. before i downloaded this app i had to set five different alarms. and put my phone on the other side of the room. and had to hope to god i woke up even at all. someone can scream there lungs out in my ear while i am sleeping and i wont flinch. allllll of this has changed. one alarm, one wake up. you have saved my life and my college career xtreme alarm clock. get this app. you wont ever uninstall it. :)
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I cannot stop listening to \\"21\\" by Adele. Starting with \\"Rolling in the Deep\\", and continuing through to the emotional closer \\"Someone Like You\\", her strong voice and heartfelt singing inspire great feeling and radiate depth. Every song is a winner; the production is seamless and supportive. It just proves that greatness is still out there, that commercial success and artistry can exist side by side, and that it is possible to make a complete, fulfilling musical statement within the confines of one project. A must-have for every music lover. Bravo!
B00001U0DP|5.0|Beautiful movie. Movies like this aren't made anymore, it has a clean and hilarious humor and the story is meaningful.   I've looked for it everywhere and amazon was the only place were i could find it at a good price.
B004G600A4|5.0|As a Christian and a political conservative, I am offended by the great majority of today's films. I still enjoy animated films, however, and Tangled has become one of my favorites. The colors of many animated films, reproduced on contemporary equipment, are a veritable feast for the eyes. Tangled is no exception, I assure you. It is gorgeous! In addition, it contains genuinely funny adult humor throughout. In short, Tangled is a film you will not only enjoy, but also enjoy sharing with your children. And in today's world, that is a 'win-win' situation worth taking advantage of.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|lots of information in one place, good graphics, nice to have earthquake alerts integrated in and programmable range and thresholds
B004O86JZ4|5.0|As a long time Foo Fighter fan I'm always worried when they put out a new record fearing that they may have finally put out the \\"crap\\" album or are just making music to make money and that the album is going to be an emotionless hour of wanna-be-rock music. This album is not that album. The songs on this album are mainly very deep non top40 songs that show artistry. They have continued to evolve  becoming better each time and from the sound of things they don't seem to be slowing down. Another great album from a band that has stacks of great albums. Also Pat's back and the guitars riffs show. With Shiflett and Smear both in the band you get to have your cake and eat it too. Sorry for the cliche, but it fits.
B003P2VBIK|4.0|This is my first Robert J Sawyer novel and so far I really like it. I loved the show when it was on TV and was so happy to be able to read the book when the show was cancelled.
B004DLPXAO|2.0|New version takes twice as long to get from app start to reading a book as previous version.  Looks nice tho...
B0028K3192|4.0|Maxwell, without a doubt, still possesses that certain \\"je ne sais quoi\\" that has garnered him so much love and acclaim all these years. For me personally, \\"Pretty Wings\\" is such an amazing track that I would purchase the album just for that song alone. Fortunately, the rest of the album is just as great. I certainly feel that this cd will be getting spin after spin in your house for years to come.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|This movie is a gem, and one the entire family will enjoy! It is a stirring reminder that animals are every-bit as athletic and competitive as humans, if not more-so. You will be on the edge of your seat during every race cheering big \\"Red\\" on. Diane Lane's prodigious beauty and talent are on full display as Penny Chenery, Secretariat's owner, and John Malcovich also shines in his role as trainer. The opening ode to the horse, taken from the Bible's book of Job, is inspirational. An early sequence involving Malkovich is hilarious, and one any golfer will relate to.<br /><br />In the final analysis, Secretariat surprised me. It surprised me because it proves that Hollywood is still capable of making a movie for \\"the rest of us,\\" and by that I mean a movie that doesn't contain Hollywood's usual heavy doses of graphic violence and sex, profanity, and liberal-progressive ideology. In short, Secretariat is a very welcome, although much too rare, breath of fresh air.<br /><br />If you haven't yet seen Secretariat, you are in for a treat. If you have seen it you probably want to own the DVD as well, because Secretariat is definitely a keeper.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|click on the button on the top right to get the forcast to actually work.  had to play with it for several minutes b4 i figured it out. now it is the app i choose to use for weather.  now if i can find a widget to shw weather and chance of rain, i'd drop this one. but for now i like it.  Update: found out I can get 12hour precipitation chance using the click, but no 4x1 precipitation widget.  Still best out there, for me.
B002F6FQGK|5.0|I love this album. It's my first Florence + the machine album but it certainly won't be my last. I listen to a wide variety of music and I The Dog Days are Over and decided to buy the whole album. I wasn't disappointed. I highly recommend you give this album a chance, you won't regret it.<br />Florence has a great voice, the lyrics make you think but you can also just move to the music. Several songs have a driving beat that really makes you want to get up and dance.
B002JWD6AS|5.0|I have to admit that I'm not in my teens - heck I'm not even in my 20's but this is a great book. I read it to make sure it was okay for my daughter to read and I have to say that I like this much MUCH more than any of the \\"Twilight\\" novels! Schiver was a bit more descriptive in everyday details than I like but it was those details that drew me in and there were several times that I cried within the story. I can't wait to read the other 2 stories!!
0307477479|5.0|I can't say that it was a perfect book, I didn't much like any of the characters, but it was a memorable book. I've recommended it to many people and encouraged them to persevere to the last chapter which I thought was brilliant. I think that Ms. Egan tapped into the near future perfectly - how we can (and perhaps should) be communicating when we really want to be understood. The braiding of characters with time makes for a happy puzzle-like journey, that pays off in the end.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|This is my favorite movie from the Twilight saga, becuase you can watch more action and fight and how do vampires work together, totally cool.. and the product perfect quality i got it very quickly... and the best part, it does include a special disc with many features.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|It's a NOOOOOO!!!! for me      I know its a long shot but fans have to stop buying these mutations that Lucasfilms keeps releasing, maybe if sales are low they will release a \\"Classic Original Version\\" or something, if these bluray version sells well we'll keep seeing these horrible editions coming up, whats next ?? Are they going to make it a musical ???    If they wanted to change anything, they should think about changing the prequels, they're bad enough, a little \\"tweaking\\" can't hurt them anymore.
1451629184|5.0|This book was great to read.  She described everything in detail and you felt like you were there.  I couldnt imgaine what she went through but I am glad she wrote about her experience.  I highly recommend this book!<br /><br />[[ASIN:1451629184 A Stolen Life: A Memoir]]
B0036T32LQ|3.0|If you ever wanted to kill yourself but don't believe in suicide this film is for you. The protagonist,Miss George kills herself several times,witnesses these homicides and walks off into the future to do it over again. Hey-That suggests the perfect song for the closing titles--Steely Dan's \\"Do It Again\\". The acting and cinematography are excellent. High production values. Overall, an ordeal to watch.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|I must say that I was getting sheepish after so many of these Superhero Films are coming out one after another.I must say that Thor who really is a super hero compared to let say Iron Man who is Human Made,was a real treat and I could not think of someone better to play him that who they have.If you had super powers and they were taken away I think that person would look just like Chris.Lets hope the Blu Ray when released does this film as much credit as its release in the Theater.
B004G600A4|5.0|Tangled is such a funny movie.  Silly and sweet, great for boys and girls (and moms - smile).  If you like Disney movies, you'll enjoy Tangled.
B00428ZRFE|5.0|I was surprise at how much I liked this CD.  It has the R&B along with a great mix of the Caribbean beat.
B0055SWM08|5.0|fun challenging and good brainy fun. enjoying playing. great way to keep your brain stimulated in those rare down time moments.
0812550706|5.0|Wow was this book good!<br /><br />Card had all the elements of a world class book (which is why it won a butch of awards). Unlike a lot of sci-fi writers, Card focused on the story and the characters with the technology being secondary, existing only to help foster or move the story along. This dynamic created a world into which you are immersed.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, the technology in the book was crazy good - especially if you consider the publication date (1985). Several of the things he foresee and forecasts in \\"Ender's Game\\" has become reality now! That, my friends, is sci-fi!!<br /><br />So do yourself a favor, grab a cold drink, find a soft chair and curl up tonight with \\"Ender's Game.\\"<br /><br />As far as myself, I'm off to find the sequel, \\"Speaker for the Dead.\\"
B00005S6K8|2.0|Unfortunately, I have come to this movie only after seeing (several times) Billy Wilder's classic version from 1955, starring Audrey Hepburn, Humphrey Bogart and William Holden. In comparison, Julia Ormond, Harrison Ford and Greg Kinnear, respectively, pale almost painfully. Julia is stilted and lifeless from the beginning to the end, having nowhere near the charm, grace and poise of Audrey; Harrison looks clumsy and awkward in both his serious and his comic scenes, and he - despite all my affection for him - is simply not in the same class as Boggie; and Greg may be said to be the greatest disappointment, as he cannot hold a candle to the vastly underrated William Holden.      Nor do the changes in the script fare any better. The uproariously hillarious Larrabee father from the original movie is here completely omitted, while the role of the mother is unnecessarily expanded. Sabrina's Paris romance is as dull as anything and so are a number of other scenes, either lost in excessive sentimentality or artificially over/underacted. The scenes common to both movies are embarrassingly inferior in the remake. The latter, on the whole, attempts to be more serious than the original, but it only becomes a great deal less entertaining. Just compare the voice in the beginning that describes the Larrabee family and mansion: both the text and delivery are WAY superior in \\"Sabrina\\" (1955).    I guess without the dubious benefit of comparison, the movie is not that bad, but it wouldn't get more than three stars even in this hypothetical case. If you have never seen the original version, I suppose this may be a fairly enjoyable way to spend two hours, although many scenes leave a good deal to be desired. But if you have seen Billy Wilder's gem, better be prepared that the remake, though basically the same story, is a different affair altogether. But if you haven't, unless you have some inherent dislike to old movies, I suggest you give Audrey, Boggie and William Holden a try. Formy part, I wonder why Sidney Pollack and co. wanted to make this remake in the first place. They could hardly have won against such a rival and, for my part, I repeat, they lost rather badly.
B004QMW1NM|5.0|I came across \\"Punching In A Dream\\" and within 30 seconds of the song I wanted the entire collection of every song ever made. I was lucky enough to see them live at Lollapalooza this year and it left me wanting more. They are a breath of fresh air in the music industry today.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I had purchased this move a while back, waiting to be in the right mood and frame of mind to watch it. All I really knew going in was it was a very good and very intense movie. This is by far the most violent film I've ever \\"viewed\\" - by that I mean couldn't stop watching but had to fast forward through the most violent of parts. I have no idea how this film is not NC 17. By all standards, this is an adult movie. Though the sex/violence in the film was not gratuitous. It was appropriate and needed to tell the story.<br /><br />This film is a tragic romance/drama about 20 year old Brandon who is tough, thrill seeking, brave, nurturing, beautiful, and sweet. Brandon lives in a girls body and fully identifies as being a boy with no parents, no job, no money, and no way to transform the exterior self to match the internal perception. And instead resorts to breast binding and rolled socks in the pants. The film starts out with Brandon living with an older relative who loves and is concerned about Brandon, but is fed up and kicks Brandon out, after Brandon runs into the house locks the door, and hits the floor, with an angry gang of young men chasing closely behind screaming threats and breaking windows. All the while Brandon is grinning at the thrill of it. The tension in this film starts out high, then escalates throughout.<br /><br />Brandon ends up going to a bar, meets a girl, and bonds with her two male companions over a bar fight. Brandon latches onto the trio, tags along to their small town a hundred miles away, and happily becomes a part of their highly dysfunctional households. This is the first time Brandon, who is rather naive and lacks self preservation skills, has ventured from his home town of Lincoln, Nebraska. One of the men, John, a thrill-seeker like Brandon, but also an unstable drug addict with bouts of violence, takes Brandon under his wing as a kind of mascot. When Brandon becomes enamored with Lana, who John is extremely possessive about, things get complicated. And when Brandon's many deceptions are uncovered, ugly.<br /><br />This film was perfectly cast, with superb performances all around. The actresses portraying the two main characters in this film (Hillary Swank as Brandon and Chloe Sevigny as Lana) were academy award winners/nominees. Huge amounts of research and filming technique went into this film (amazing cinematography) which is worth checking out after watching the film.<br /><br />Post Script - One small issue with the film was that there was a scene in which Lana was present and her presence didn't seem to make sense. I assumed it must have been what actually happened, but later found she was in fact not there at that time. The film would have been even better if that one aspect had been more realistically rendered.And when Brandon's many deceptions are uncovered, ugly.    This film was perfectly cast, with superb performances all around. The actresses portraying the two main characters in this film (Hillary Swank as Brandon and Chloe Sevigny as Lana) were academy award winners/nominees. Huge amounts of research and filming technique went into this film (amazing cinematography) which is worth checking out after watching the film.    Post Script - One small issue with the film was that there was a scene in which Lana was present and her presence didn't seem to make sense. I assumed it must have been what actually happened, but later found she was in fact not there at that time. The film would have been even better if that one aspect had been more realistically rendered.
B0055CJ8T2|4.0|I heard a few of the songs at a recent cook-out and decided to go ahead and purchase the CD.  The CD has a great mix and Ms. Rowland has a really nice voice. I was quite surprise that I really like it.
B004XJHBCE|5.0|Folder Organizer is the most useful app I ever downloaded. It organizes your home screens, let's you rename and change icons, by using shortcuts. it gets around that HTC Sense bug of your apps inside folders turning to a basic Android icon, after a reboot. Seems like I always discover new ways to use this app to my advantage.  I highly recommend buying this app! If you were one of the fortunate ones like me, that downloaded Folder Organizer as the Amazon FREE app of the day...I am sure you will rate this app a 5 star just as I did.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|Vacation in New York! Found out that Yes had put a new album out and that it's also available on Spotify. Morning walk around the Reservoir with this music in the ears and I knew that this music always will remind me of this wonderful city. I was overwhelmed, even though I found out later that some of the material was written for Buggles, of the freshness, energy and emotion of the songs and also surprised. I haven't heard \\"music right from the heart in the Yes sort of way\\" sounding this fresh since the Anderson, Bruford, Wakeman, Howe record from 1989 and I never thought I would hear it again. This is the way I know true yes music should touch, at least, me; right in the heart. Trying to explain it to an old Yesfan would be; Drama meets seventies Yes with a touch of Tormato with a new fresh and musical energy and creativity. The cosmic vibe mixed with their dynamic sound is back. For someone who hasn't listened to Yes before; if you like GOOD, well written, dynamic music and if you LOVE music, give it a try. Like Steve Howe said during the recording of the album; \\"This is us being our selves, not trying to be like we were.\\" So true!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|It doesn't bother me that Lucas is going all Howard Hughes on his masterpiece.  What bothers me is that the original edits are not included.  If he just included the originals, then it would be FUN to see all the odd changes Lucas thought were necessary.  Making the new edit the ONLY version is ridiculous.  Given how money-hungry Lucas has been as of late, it wouldn't surprise me if he double dipped and released an unaltered blu-ray next year, just to keep the cash coming.
B005J0VPNC|4.0|The default settings on the filters are really good. Almost bought this on the Android Market but was very happy to see the discount here on the Appstore. With some tweaking the pictures you can produce are impressive.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|the useless app is unable to locate my zip code.  it states i am not in the US.  i can not get it to find anything...unistalled, know why it was free for one day.
0141442468|5.0|My grown daughter bought this for me as a Christmas present. I think she took a moment to care about what was really a present to me! I love books!<br /><br />The hardcover design is extraordinary. I'd seriously like to applaud the person that designed that! So subtle. So evocative of the story.<br /><br />One of my best presents ever!  An extraordinary cover design in hardcover with a silken bookmark which helps with the awesome footnotes! I'm such an English Major geek!<br /><br />Of course I read the book first nearly 40 yrs ago. And have re-read it many times since.<br /><br />Guess it is an acquired taste. ;)
0470449748|5.0|I would highly recommend this book if you are just starting to look into taking the GMAT.  It starts off by giving you pointers to get you acquainted with what will be on the test and how to prepare and study for it.  It also allows you to take a diagnostic test to see where you stand so that you know what parts to study for.  I would recommend studying for all 3 parts of the test, BUT concentrate on the problem areas a little bit more.  Great book along with the Quantitative and Verbal book as well.
B0058EBNAO|3.0|I was greatful for the reviewer who left the tip above! When you figure out how to switch to the Foreca forecast, this is one beautiful app! It definitely needs some tweaking, but if you don't mind spending a bit of time on setup...enjoy!
B00020HCH2|5.0|The performances included in this set are among the finest ever recorded of the Brahms symphonies. Listeners familiar only with Walter's stereo recordings with the Columbia Symphony Orchestra might be surprised to hear a much leaner, more tightly-wound and urgent approach from the conductor on these recordings with the NYPO. Tempos are considerably more brisk than on the stereo versions, rhythms are tighter, and the music is infused with a drama that is lacking in the later recordings. If anything, Walter's approach here is closer to that of Toscanini than of his later style with the Columbia Symphony, although Walter still infuses his interpretations with his characteristic lyricism and flexibility, thus avoiding Toscanini's rigidity. Whether these performances are superior to the stereo versions is a subjective call, of course. Personally, I greatly prefer the NYPO recordings, and include them on my short list of essential Brahms symphony sets. Simply put, Brahms is rarely, if ever, played like this any more. These recordings are true classics of the gramophone.
0757307272|5.0|This book is easy to read and contains many strategies teens can use to find the path to success and stay on it.  Contains many quotes and stories from famous people that kids already admire.  My child finished the book three weeks ago and is still quoting stories and examples from the book.  Very motivational!
B000000OR9|4.0|Ah, the band that John Sykes started. John Sykes? Brilliant Guitar Player who played in a few famous bands like; Tygers of Pan Tang, Thin Lizzy and Whitesnake (most of the songs on 1987). I still have the album on Vinyl but since my turn table is not functional anymore I decided to buy the cd... My favorite song; \\"Valley of the Kings\\", but there are plenty good songs on the album. Very eighties though.<br />Let's face the truth; if you liked this album (or this kind of music) in the late Eighties you might want to consider buying this cd. If Blue Murder or the name John Sykes doesn't mean anything to you I would be surprised if you consider buying this cd. Believe me; there is enough good newer stuff available...<br />Conclusion; only buy for sentimental reasons.
0470449756|4.0|Great product.  A definite need if you are planning on taking your GMAT exam.  It helped me immensely seeing as this was one of the toughest parts of the test for myself.  If you buy this, make sure to utilize the practice questions and the pointers that this book gives you.
B0002Z1EG2|5.0|Finally a greatest hits CD that has all my favorite songs! Yes, there are a lot of songs not released in America, so they aren't on here. It's okay, though, because I own every CD Shania has released. For all you new fans, this is a good introduction to Shania. Enjoy!
0062060554|5.0|I usually stay away from thrillers. I can figure out how it will end not even 20% in. Authors likes to wrap it into a tiny little package and while sometimes they throw a thing here and there that is shocking, not enough to make me happy. In comes this book. I figured out how it was going to end 15 times and I was wrong 15 times. Amazing. You can't really figure out the end and unwrap this until she lets you, which happens 90% in. Awesome read. I bounced and spin more than a wash machine and I couldn't have been happier. I will definitely be checking out to see if the author releases anything new. Get it it wont disappoint.
0515149489|5.0|Great story - moves well and holds your interest.  I really enjoy all of Nora Roberts books.  She is multifaceted and can cover almost any kind of situation with her characters. This is one of the great talents of Nora Roberts. In my book, she is a fantastic author.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|it found my location but only gave errors on that location. couldn't figure anything out. tried to choose new location and those all had errors too. not worth even being free. I deleted it from my Droid charge right away.
0470449764|4.0|I feel it is a necessity to buy this book along with the other GMAT books.  It seems overwhelming at first but after lots of practice it helps.  However, this is NOT a starting point for the GMAT.  Great product.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|All of the disappointment will hopefully be well noted by Lucas and co.  When you take a classic movie (or set of movies) that does everything right by capturing the imagination of young, old, aspiring filmmakers, effect artists, etc... Why change it?    The Star Wars saga is no longer what it used to be.  Ever since Lucas came out with his half hearted prequels everything went downhill fast.  Something must have popped from GL's heart and brain when the century turned.  Leave these films alone!!!      Someone needs to hide this man's \\"film bedazzler\\"!!!
B0058EBNAO|1.0|the other three or four weather apps I have disagree with this assessment. Either it's not connecting with the weather services or its query is screwy.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|I can't believe the reaction to this.    I'm actually shocked by the amount of people that are that upset with this especially the ones that now have a ruined childhood because of it. In the grand scheme of life, it doesn't bother me as much but really, people should be used to it by now. I mean Lucas was changing things as he made the movies to begin with. First Luke and Leia are kissing then in RotJ their brother and sister. In ANH Vader and Anakin were at first 2 seperate people then in ESB, he decided to make them one in the same. I understand that when he filmed A New Hope, he wasn't sure if he would be able to film the 2 others but nonetheless, he changed things to make a better overall story when he could.     Does Return of the Jedi need Vader to say \\"Nooooo\\" or even Hayden at the end?  I don't think so, but I was more annoyed by Greedo having to shoot first than this. That's a big change, IMO. I understand that people are tired of Lucas' tweekings but the \\"Noooo\\"doesn't change the story at all. Either does the Ewoks blinking or a Dug walking through Jabba's Palace. I understand the changes because I personally feel that Lucas is trying to blend the PT and the OT together better to be more fluid. I grew up with the OT but I also like the PT. The problem is that people want the sacred OT to stand alone away from the PT.That's not what Lucas wants...obviously.  He wants the PT and the OT to be one overall story. I know my childhood is still intact.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|They promised fixes as in a Blade Runner type restoration. This is certainly not what we wanted as Star Wars fans. Nothing is really fixed but a couple obvious things and from frame to frame the same mistakes wobble in and out as if the quality control fell asleep after they started what they were supposed to do. So many things still wrong. From 70s models and monitors, garbage mattes, wonky lightsabers (yes, they fixed some bad ones), and atrocious CGI to new mistakes like leaving out rocks they just painted in a scene before! Good Lord. Lucas is the king of hacks. Anybody but this man needs to helm the restoration of these films.<br /><br />I am all for updating work and correcting older works as in what they did with Blade Runner. But these films are simply being given the once through and done. They barely even spend time on making them cohesive and updated for a new generation of viewers. You need to go frame by frame and analyze what needs to be done. A plethora of inconsistencies still exist.<br /><br />You also need to throw a couple hundred million at it Mr. Lucas. Stop with this half-baked restoration process. What Lucas is doing is the bare minimum, and we all know the man has zero taste. He never listens to fans who have categorically gone over every mistake and every other thing that looks out of place. The next thing you do is release the old films AS IS, without any corrections, just as they did in the Blade Runner set.<br /><br />This man is an egomaniac. Do not support this set if you care. Wait until native 4K to see if they clean up anything more. They really just need to take one long look at ALL of these films and then go in correcting everything step by step. The CGI in the prequels already looks dated and terrible today, and it makes the films look even worse than the originals! This whole set needs about 200 million pumped into it at this point to even resemble a modern sci-fi epic, which is what this idiot obviously wants. He just doesn't have the brains to get it done. He has the money though, so hope still remains.ve the brains to get it done. He has the money though, so hope still remains.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Only receive &quot;Error&quot; code when updating weather-with both static and current location settings. Would be nice if the weather would update once in 24 hours.
B001EYU1VO|4.0|I bought this joystick to play IL-2 Sturmovik, as my old Logitech ceased functioning.     Pros:    -This thing looks awesome, just as good as the picture    -Folding base, so it takes up less room and you can set it on your computer tower without it falling off    -Amazingly adjustable, and very easy to adjust.    -Dual Throttles (Although this isn't supported by a lot of games)    -Great texture and placement of buttons on the hat.    -Cool scroll wheel on the hat to adjust trim or what-have-you.    Cons:    -Z axis motion has fallen out of calibration and overall z-axis movement is quite difficult and feels like it stresses the joystick    -As others have said, this stick has a tendency to tip forward when you're going into a dive.    -No buttons on the shaft of the joystick (Not that big of a deal, but more buttons to use with your joystick hand would have been useful.    -Base sometimes starts to fold up while in use, which contributes extra to the forward tipping problem.    -Strange placement of the 10 and 11 buttons in front of the throttle control.    -Has some movement issues, like it's a little stiff, which makes sensitive maneuvers difficult.    -Some of the upper hat buttons come loose somewhat easily, but still work.    -The hat switch in the center is sunk in a little much, so it's difficult to point it effectively without slipping off, but you get used to it.      Conclusion:    All-in-All this is a solid stick, but though it works with flight simulators, I wouldn't say this is a super good flight stick. It works excellent in arcade type games and I also had great success with it in Mechwarrior 4. Some people might like the feel just fine for flight sims, and it does work in flight sims, but it's sometimes hard to get super precise in a dog fight with this stick.
B005COO1X6|2.0|I continue to purchase his books but find myself progressively disappointed after reading the last 3 releases. This short story was shallow and silly, not intense and frightening. I feel like I've lost my best friend reading his recent releases. What happened Stephen, where did the amazing story teller go??
B00000IREA|5.0|I originally watched this movie with my wife in a theater in about 1968. This stars a young Jane Fonda in a roll that is pure fantasy. On a mission to save the peaceful Galaxy from a new lethal weapon, the tool of choice is love.    My recollection of the version that I viewed in 1968 is that Jane Fonda was scantily clad. So I was initially shocked by the nudity in the opening scenes. But after the initial shock, I did not find the scenes offensive. Probably should have some sort of X rating.    There is a sense of lighthearted innocence throughout the story, and peace returns to the galaxy in the end.    The flavor of the presentation is that of a comic book. There is no serious acting, no gross violence, only superficial emotions, and no explicit on-screen sexual activity. No computer generated images that I could detect. Special effects are extremely low-tech.
B004LWZW4M|4.0|I had no intention of seeing this film after watching the trailer.  I saw Planet of the Apes with Charlton Heston back in the day.  It was cheesy, wrenching and tragic by turns.  Unforgettable.  But the ones that followed were pretty far-fetched and often ridiculous, so a re-boot of the franchise did not interest me.  Hollywood seems to be doing a lot of that these days.  However, I kept hearing from everyone who saw it (and I mean every single person I talked to who saw it), that it was excellent.  So I went.  It far exceeded even my somewhat raised expectations!  I toiled in the pharmaceutical industry for many years.  I know about the testing of the drugs, the executives in the industry desperately trying to cash in on the drugs as much and as fast as possible before the drugs go off patent-- that was realistic in the film. The animal behavior looked right on point.  I didn't have a problem believing James Franco would test this new drug on his ailing father and not tell anyone, but still be a highly moral and responsible person.  Love makes people do weird things and desperation and love is a volatile combination. Some of the film's aspects tested credulity though.  The bit where the testing of the chimps was done there at the company headquarters was not realistic at all.  Drug companies hate to have to test drugs on animals, especially on chimps, because it's expensive and very bad PR for the companies.  The PETA people would have been all over the facility.  Animal testing and especially chimp testing is often out-sourced to other countries that have less delicate sensibilities about torturing animals in the name of science (also it tends to be cheaper.) Similarly I have questions about why there were so many apes at this San Bruno facility.  Some of them are obviously rescued, like the orangutan (Maurice) and most likely the gorilla (Buck.) Buck has been in a cage so long he doesn't even know what fake grass is.  At least one other chimp had been a pet (Cornelia).  But chimps that have been used in drug testing are sacrificed if they were actually dosed so you wouldn't have any refugees from a drug test program unless they were never used.  Still, Andy Serkis does a splendid job making us believe Ceasar is at least as smart as any of us (and frequently smarter than many members of Congress) and far more human.  It impressed me that the battle scene in San Francisco and on the bridge did not result in a lot of human casualties.  The apes did what they had to do to stop the humans from hurting them and that was all.  Chimps are extremely strong and very fast, far superior to humans physically, and it would be easy to have shot this battle as a blood bath.  But the apes were FAR FAR more restrained than any of the human officials.  And when Ceasar speaks for the first time, thanks to both Tom Felton's effective turn as the nasty young keeper and Andy Serkis' performance as the evolved chimp, it's absolutely shattering.  One can completely understand how the keeper is so shocked he can't move to defend himself and the more humane older keeper is so stunned he can't do anything either.  The whole audience is shocked and stunned too.  It sets the stage very effectively for the apes' escape and the subsequent events on the bridge.  I would disagree with a previous reviewer who said the audience laughed when Ceasar speaks his final words to his former guardian ('Ceasar IS home.')  It's beautiful and touching, that he feels enough love and concern for Will to try to explain to him that he is okay now and Will doesn't need to worry for him.  Although Ceasar has outgrown Will, there's a powerful bond there, and I think that speaks to every audience member who has a cherished animal companion at home.  I'd give this film 4.5 stars if I could.  And I LOVED how the filmmakers included a surprise imbedded in the credits.  If you hurried up and left as soon as the film ended then you missed this lovely surprise bit, and it was worth staying for, maybe a minue or two into the credits.  I'm really looking forward to seeing the BTS parts and deleted scenes when the DVD comes out!!!
0679809015|2.0|This book is tiny. Much smaller than I thought it would be. My 11 month old still enjoys it, but has already torn some of the flaps.
0767817664|5.0|wanted to see it again before watching the new one with colin farell .they should have givin the new one a different name.can't beat the original.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The reason I buy classic movies on video is to relive nostalgia and possibly share that experience with a new generation. The edits to the movies make that impossible. Changing scenes simply makes it a different movie.     I'm not upset that Lucas has \\"ruined my childhood\\" or whatever, these edited releases just mean that the films on the disks aren't the original theatrical releases which for me means there's no point in buying them.    Others can nitpick the changes, or philosophize on the nature of cinema. At the end of the day, Lucas has made something I don't want to buy out of something that I otherwise happily would have bought.
B00532A8JI|2.0|I remember when Symphony X was good progresive metal with strong melodies and great playing. Their music had catchy hooks, tempo changes and nice musical surprises in the mix... Then over the last couple of albums, they became obsessed with heavy guitars and the lead vocalist growling instead of singing. Symphony X has become one of the great pretenders in the prog metal market. They sound more like a borderline thrash metal band rather than a progresive metal band. Their sound blends in with many other bands on the market today who go under the label of progressive metal but are nothing more than uneventful heavy metal with a cheap splash of keyboards thrown in to try and fool the listner into thinking they are something they are not. This is not the Symphony X of old, this is speed playing heavy metal with grunted out vocals that contain little or no melody or singing. I hate to say it, but it's sad to see a talented band like this sell themselves out in the crapper.
0240815807|5.0|I purchased this book after reading a blurb about it in Sound on Sound Magazine. Having a small studio, seemed like a perfect fit. I am a professional musician and make my living composing and recording music for film, tv, games and multimedia uses.    I find this book to be a great resource to remind me of things to do while mixing, as well as new tips and tricks along the way. The first chapters on monitors and setup is worth the price alone.     But the killer feature of this book are the materials you can download and work with and access to the author. I have emailed Mr. Senior a number of times with questions and have always gotten a response within 24 hours. Pretty amazing if you ask me.    Get this book if you want to improve your mixing skills.
B0050PYNO4|4.0|It was the ultimate Sci-Fi/ Comedy. I've never seen so many comedic and science fiction actors in one movie ever. Lots of members from SNL and the legendary Sigourney Weaver. Seth Rogen was really funny and believable. Jason Bateman's dry humor really comes out strong. The quality of the animation was awesome, especially on the Blu-Ray copy. Full length featurettes with boat loads of behind the scenes footage. That's the most important part when you buy a dvd, seeing how it was made and designed. Directed by Greg Mottola who did Superbad so it has the Indie feel but with a big budget. Well worth the money.  Also the 6 degrees of separation is crazy in this film, everyone is tied together through some king of television show. Jason Bateman in Arrested development plays the son of Jeffrey Tambor who is also in the film as a Comic Con writer and Jane Lynch guest starred on a few episodes opposite of Jeffrey as an undercover agent.
1451629184|5.0|This book was an extremely engaging book.  If you want a very good read, this is book for you.  I was amazed at the strength of this little girl who endured so much in her young life.  A book of capture, abuse and rescue...very good.
0312380852|1.0|Don't judge this book by it's cover. One of the reasons I bought the book was to learn how to create the purple knotted bead featured on the cover. I was excited to get the book and then very disappointed. When I opened the book the project was to string the bead, the instructions are not in the book. Also, the book cover said it was for beginners and experienced people. I have never done macrame and this is not the book to learn. There are only a few instructions for knots and then as an example, later they tell you to create a diagnal with a specific knot but don't give you any instructions on how to properly do that. There were some cute projects but, not enough instructions. Save your money and buy another book. A very disappointed book buyer.
B000056VJ7|5.0|Perfect transaction!  Thank you.  Item shipped quickly and arrived in better than expected condition.  Could not be happier and would buy from again.
0061339202|3.0|I don't understand why you are selling the kindle edition for more than the paper edition when the kindle edition has negligible reproduction costs. Please pass on the computer savings to those of us who want to buy this book and any Amazon book as an ebook.
B004EPYZUI|4.0|Sucker Punch is one of the more divisive \\"geek movies\\" that has come out in a long time; those that love it REALLY love it, those that hate it dismiss it as stupid and pandering. The biggest problem facing Sucker Punch is that it is a damned peculiar movie. Nothing is spelled out, and you pretty much have to make up your mind over what is really happening in the movie. For people who need clear-cut narrative, this kind of movie is probably a nightmare. Those of us who like to soak up a movie will find Sucker Punch a pretty rich treat; there is enough texture and substance packed in to every frame to satiate the visual appetite of any fantasy film lover.<br /><br />Geek culture is having a field day gnashing their teeth over whether Zack Snyder has any merit as a director. Let's be honest; Sucker Punch is not going to win any awards for story. There is one there, but it is wrapped up in a visual tapestry that makes it completely irrelevant. The color palette for the movie is lush, the effects are nothing short of jaw dropping, and the set pieces are any anime enthusiast's dream come true. Have you ever wondered what a battle between a B-52 and a dragon would look like? Give Sucker Punch a try. You'll get that, and quite a bit more.<br /><br />The Extended edition is close to 20 minutes longer, and includes the entire song number between Blue (the skeezy intern that seems to run the asylum) and Carla Gugino's character. Some of the battles are longer, and the narrative of the story flows a little better. Some of the intensity of the extended cut ups the stakes for the characters, and the delineation between reality, escape, and fantasy is a little easier to navigate.<br /><br />Ultimately, Sucker Punch is one of the most audaciously original movies to come out of Hollywood in a long time, and like Moulin Rouge before it, was pretty thoroughly reviled. Snyder is a daring director, and he put a lot of effort into making a daring movie. If anything else, it should have served as an effective palette cleanser for him before he tackles Superman.lette cleanser for him before he tackles Superman.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Not sure why people seem to be having problems left and right, but it worked perfectly for me. Best Weather app I've seen so far, with a good variety of widgets. -Droid 2 Global
B0055EDBIE|5.0|Wow, nothing beats new music from one of your favorite artist.  Nothing except when it is a great release filled with an eclectic set of tunes with sharp lyrics, wonderful riffs, and more quality then you could have hoped for.  For me this is exactly what happened with this purchase.  Song after song, I couldn't help but love them.  Whatever your doing (living on a beach in the middle of nowhere) it's working Lenny!  This could quickly become my favorite album that you have ever release.  I strongly recommend this to anyone who likes good rock and roll, this album is fantastic.
B004T5R2HQ|4.0|This is the first app I recommend to new Android users...esp students...I have scanned notes I missed, pictures I wanted, pages out of books and magazines I needed for reports, the last homework before an exam so I could still have a study copy. very useful app! keeps you from spending $$ and time hunting for a copy machine on campus.
B004SB60OC|3.0|\\"Jar of Hearts\\" stands out from the other songs, which, in my opinion, are not distinctive. I purchased Lovestrong because I liked \\"Jar of Hearts,\\" but I regret having purchased the whole album with its otherwise lackluster songs.
0316098329|5.0|ROOM is the extraordinary story written from the point of view of a just-turned-five year old. That sounds really inane and dull, doesn't it?     But it's anything but. This particular five year old, Jack, thanks to his mother's saint-like patience and good-will, is highly verbally developed. It's a good thing, too, because Jack was born into the confines of Room, where his mother has been held captive since she was a teenager by a pervert who raped her regularly, but lived elsewhere.     How Ma and Jack help one another survive and in many ways flourish is a tale more inspiring than it is depressing, and that's an amazing authorial feat of Emma Donoghue's. By turns gripping and moving, ROOM is one of those books that draws you in remarkably quickly and keeps you reading even when you need to go to sleep.     I feel like I've just escaped a small room myself, a room called ROOM. That is how strongly the book contained my attention and my emotions. And, like Jack, it's an adjustment re-entering the real world, because ROOM stays with you for a long time.
B0058EBNAO|2.0|This app provides the best weather related info I have seen. You can get everything from barometric pressure history to hour by hour forecasts. This app also has a terrific radar map. The widgets are great and fully customizable. The drawback of this app is the updating. If you can get the app to actual update it takes forever. Most of the time you get an error. I have tried updating when I had full 3G service and also through wifi. There may be lots of info but it is no good if it is old. Going back to the free Accuweather widget.
B001FQ5Y5Y|4.0|Book and cover was just as described; it was well-packed and received in a timely manner.  I wanted to match my copy of volume one of this book by the same publisher and preface writer (as this copy of volume two was) but did not consider that the more-recent publishing date would change the physical size of the book; this volume is smaller than my other.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|This app is horrible.   Doesn't display any info at all.  It tells me that my town in Ohio is not in the USA.
B001EOQWF8|5.0|The discs were in great shape like new as described.  Enjoyed the movie, one of Desiny's finest.  Blue ray is just like being in the theater, without the big screen.
B002QE3CTY|5.0|i dont care what everyone says about the book it kept me up all night best boo i ever read
B004HO6I4M|5.0|This movie was fun the first time and even better the second time! The animation is superb and the story is very sweet. The colors are magnificent - loved the characters. Of course - one must remember this is a fantasy! Loved it!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|If you truly want to watch the old and original versions watch them on their original format. The way they were meant to be watched on VHS!<br /><br />By wanting the original works of the movies on Blu-ray you are essentially being a hypocrite. You say Lucas shouldn't revise his master pieces, but on the other hand you want his original works to be changed into HD on Blu-ray? So many overrating hypocrites, you people are people being ridiculous.<br /><br />Oh, and by the way it is his Saga of movies and he can do whatever he wants with it. You people have no right telling him what he is doing is wrong when you would not even have Star Wars if it weren't for him. Its disgusting how these so called \\"die hard fans\\" are so quick to downgrade any Lucas does with his own works.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Initially wouldn't find my location via gps.  After reinstall location works.  Now all I get is a clock and an error message starting there is no hourly forecast.  Don't waste your time and money.
B001BWYZWA|5.0|This is one of the most inspirational sports movies I've ever seen. The BluRay version is amazing. This is a must for any true sports fan!
B003Y5H53S|5.0|This is a lot of fun! The story is different and the animation technique is wonderful. Animation is mesmerizing. Loved it - and the music! The lemurs are hilarious! Loved it!!!
B0056BU3I2|5.0|Beware, the extended cut of the movie primarily adds minor content changes; there is one new scene, which is detailed below.     The Extended Cut is slightly over one minute longer than the theatrical cut, most new scenes add just CGI blood, most of the time the blood being barely noticeable.      1)  When Zizi's armed thugs attack Toretto's hideout, one of the thugs has his gun turned on himself by Toretto with CGI blood added in.    2)  When Hobbs attacks three of Zizi's thugs in the favela shootout, there is re-inserted CGI blood when Hobbs shoots one and knifes the other.  The neck breaking of the last thug seems a little more brutal.    3)  Hobbs' men fire on Zizi's thugs for a few seconds longer.    4)  Slightly extended scene where Tej asks for a duplicate safe.    5)  New scene: Discussion by Toretto's crew regarding breaking into the safe and transporting it.  They discuss the existence of the bathroom having a ventilation shaft which leads to the garage.  This scene then segues to Leo and Santos.    6)  Toretto/Hobbs fight scene slightly longer and more brutal.    7)  Chato receives a few bloody bullet rounds in the favela ambush scene.    8)  Zizi's thugs are gunned down more graphically by Toretto's crew in the favela ambush scene.
B004LWZW4C|2.0|I have a samsung 3D player (fully updated) and it won't play. And Best Buy won't refund. Buyer beware. Plays on SONY after a memory warning but not on some models of samsung.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Worth every penny of free!  Not the smoothest updating app ever but it's functional and provides a great deal of weather information. The earthquake info is a great incorporation. I believe this app deserves credit since most free apps only get reviewed when idiots use them. The app would be a great buy at $1 - $1.50. Overpriced without the polish. Make the notifications take up one notification line!
0553801473|2.0|OK, so the title is just a little exaggerated.  The dragons are prominent in 2, maybe 3 chapters of the whole book.  After the build-up till now, you'd think that \\"A Dance with Dragons\\" would be mostly focused on Dany and her awesome dragons - right?  Well, the big event in this book, at least where the dragons are concerned, is that there is a rumor that maybe one of them ate some sheep and a kid on a farm.  That's it.  OK, right near the end one dragon does one thing that I won't spoil for you but... is completely boring and almost pointless.<br /><br />There were two good chapters in the book.  In one you are led to believe that we are finally going to have a payback version of the \\"Red Wedding.\\"  But...  nah.  Doesn't happen.  In the other....  near the end you have Jon beginning to do exactly what we'd LOVE to see him do, finally, and then...  well let me just say that the best chapter in this book turns itself completely around backwards in the last 2-3 sentences.  Probably the most important thing that happens in this book.  Or did it?  Well, that is one reason to buy the next one anyway...<br /><br />And there isn't nearly enough Arya!
B003ZSJ212|4.0|It is amazing to me to see such outrage over the latest changes in the SW sextet.  While I agree that the \\"Nooo!\\" scene in Jedi is kinda silly, it's not a deal breaker for me.  Most of the changes he has made over the years have improved the series IMO.  I like the Mos Eisley scenes a lot more, making the marketplace more crowded, etc.  Of course Greedo shooting first is still silly, but at least they have cut down on the timing so that it looks like Greedo gets a shot in at the same time.  The insertion of Christenson at the end of Jedi is aces in my book and thank God they replaced TPM Yoda with the CG one.  The O.T. Yoda is perfect, but the newer puppet was terrible.  Did anyone complain when they replaced the English text on the Death Star tractor beam?  How about when George put 'Episode IV A New Hope\\" above the crawl in the movie known then as simply \\"Star Wars\\"?    My father took me to see all the original trilogy films during the initial runs and I was proud to return the favor with the prequels.  We also went to the special editions when they were released, and were looking forward to the 3D versions which we will not get to see together due to his passing away.  When we would watch each newer version it was fun to look for the changes and point them out to each other.  We both loved Star Wars as ideas AND as movies.    I guess I fail to see why people are so enraged.  I can understand a little bit but overall they are still Star Wars, and that is enough for me.  At this point, I don't think I could watch the unedited ones the same way.  Go back to the cardboard Dewback? Vader's eyebrows? No one-armed Wampa? No, thanks.  I will say that it would have been nice to include the O.G. movies just for reference and to shut the complainers up.  Although where does it stop?  What about the kids that only saw the ones from 1997, and want THOSE versions because they are the ones they grew up with?  How about the people that only saw the DVD versions?    In the end, Iam still super excited to buy these versions and can't wait to dive into the extras discs.  And I'll wager that 99% of the reviewers that \\"cancelled\\" their pre-orders still buy the set inside of 6 months.
1592402690|5.0|This is one of the very best books on the recording of the Beatles albums I have ever read. Geoff offers so many inside stories, you almost feel you are there in the studio with them. This is not a book about their lives, but a book about how the recordings were done. I found myself putting the book down to go listen to a particular song on many occasions to hear for myself what he was talking about. I have always considered myself somewhat of an expert when it comes to details heard on a record, but I found out quickly that I grossly overestimated myself. There are dozens of these gems that are as plain as day once you know about them (which I have overlooked over the decades of my listening.) If you want to know how their records were made, I promise, you will also love this book. End of discussion...add this book to your cart now and buy it today.
075640407X|5.0|I met Pat Rothfuss over a year ago, as our friend in common asked if her writer friend could come along on our late night diner run. She told me \\"He is kind of a big deal,\\" and with those seven words... And plenty more convincing over the next year, I found my new favorite author. I'd sworn off fantasy books years ago; I hadn't at all heard of him. He was an engaging, funny, and altogether pleasant fellow. I met him again this year and told him I'd still not read his novels, as I've little time for reading these days. He mentioned there was an audiobook and soon I had both print and audio versions.<br /><br />The bottom line is if they gave the first 8 chapters of this book out for free, it would be an even greater seller. Rothfuss is an amazing wordsmith who can paint a perfect vibrant yet very grounded and realistic picture, fill it with interesting characters, and then make you care about them and their world. Kvothe's tale is a roller-coaster ride of a journey through his joys and sorrows, fears and successes. Even when you \\"get it\\" and Kvothe doesn't, you're still deep in the story, engrossed in his retelling of his amazing charmed and cursed life. Rothfuss' coined names and terms are rooted in the languages of our world as well, giving us hints as to what it all means.<br /><br />Sorry this is a terrible review. I seem to be going in all sorts of directions with my descriptions with no intention of writing for hours. It was either this or seven pages of the word \\"awesome\\" in all caps. Seriously, just buy both [[ASIN:B004X9YFLO The Name of the Wind [ THE NAME OF THE WIND ] by Rothfuss, Patrick ( Author ) on Apr, 01, 2007 Hardcover]] and [[ASIN:0756404738 The Wise Man's Fear (Kingkiller Chronicles, Day 2)]]. You'll be glad you did.<br /><br />I was really having a good time making a new friend of a famous author whose work I hadn't read (beyond[[ASIN:1596063130 The Adventures of the Princess and Mr. Whiffle: The Thing Beneath the Bed]]) He was a cool guy and I didn't want to make time for reading any novels whose didn't have Neil Gaiman printed on them, especially not some fantasy crap. I was happy where I was, sitting in ignorance, enjoying good food and great company, too busy to be bothered to read these big thick novels written by this shaggy lump of clever conversationalist. I had learned how rabid his fans were, but I had also discovered over the past couple of decades that there are many very popular writers whose work is really not for me. I had hoped that Rothfuss was one of these. He is not. He is my new favorite author, displacing Neil Gaiman, who has held that spot since about 1989.<br /><br />The first time I met Pat he gave me a key into his world. The second time we met, he paid for my meal with his own coin. I look forward to having Pat on the ComicsOnline podcast in the coming months, and we can hopefully then hold up a candle to Kvothe's world.e for reading any novels whose didn't have Neil Gaiman printed on them, especially not some fantasy crap. I was happy where I was, sitting in ignorance, enjoying good food and great company, too busy to be bothered to read these big thick novels written by this shaggy lump of clever conversationalist. I had learned how rabid his fans were, but I had also discovered over the past couple of decades that there are many very popular writers whose work is really not for me. I had hoped that Rothfuss was one of these. He is not. He is my new favorite author, displacing Neil Gaiman, who has held that spot since about 1989.     The first time I met Pat he gave me a key into his world. The second time we met, he paid for my meal with his own coin. I look forward to having Pat on the ComicsOnline podcast in the coming months, and we can hopefully then hold up a candle to Kvothe's world.
B000053VBL|4.0|Taut noirish thriller from legendary director Francois Truffaut.  Based on Cornell Woolrich's classic novel, this is Truffaut's homage to an even more legendary director, Alfred Hitchcock.  Jeanne Moreau plays a young woman who seeks revenge on the five men responsible for her husband's death as they leave the church on their wedding day.    Moreau is quite chilling (and quite sexy) as the obsessed woman bent on avenging her husband's death.  The actors who play four of the five men are okay but rather bland.  The one exception is Charles Denner who is quite good as the artist who becomes one of her victims.    The story is rather far-fetched, but then most of Woolrich's novels are.  For that matter, the entire noir world never makes much sense.  The suspense is genuine as one by one the avenging angel stalks her prey.  The ending is quite surprising as the woman finally encounters the last of the five men in a highly unlikely place.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Really 2 stars?! Come on, this is George Lucas's dream of having Star Wars the way it was meant to be. When he was making the movies, he either didn't have the technology or the money to do it. Star Wars on Blu-Ray is the way it was meant to be. Period. . . .<br /><br />The movie especially the OT is clearer than I remember and the sound is stellar. I would recommend it to anyone. The 40 HOURS of bonus features are the biggest part. Love this a ton.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|One of the only books that I can read over and over again! The 2 other books are great as well, but this is by far my favorite.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Was waiting for intellicast weather application and here it is. Somewhat complex interface but full of weather details and info. Love it!
B0009W5JS2|5.0|The movie was n great shape win i gt it and i gt it fast and also its a fantastic movie to gt i recomend everybody should have it n their collection
B0058EBNAO|1.0|The app shows way more info than needed.   Sbows a blank screen when no weather data available. Very hard to setup.
B000JQU1VS|4.0|These tales are very entertaining.  Unfortunately, with all of the CSI TV stuff, this reader was a little tainted my the modern hocus pocus. Fortunately, I was able to read past the formatic issues in the ebook conversion.<br /><br />If you've never read these adventures, they are well worth your time.
B004Q7E0TA|2.0|I picked this up at the library - terrible admission on Amazon, I suppose - but having finished it, I'm glad I didn't spend any money on it.  Like several others here, I wanted more focus on her recovery.  272 pages of whining about food, rambling about running and Pilates and Jell-O with butter spray (which is so disgusting I can't even imagine putting it in your mouth, much less living off of it) and then *poof* \\"I'm fine.\\"  I also found the struggle with being gay a bit disingenuous.  The entire cast of Sirens knew she was a lesbian; Hugh Grant and Sam Neill both commented on it in interviews long before she started dating Ellen.  Okay, she was married briefly and had a beard, but she wasn't really fooling anyone and there were lots of hints dropped by co-stars.  And I remember reading an article in People or Us years ago -again, pre-Ellen - where she talked about her girlfriend and knowing she was a lesbian at an early age.  So parts of this book seemed like an attempt to rewrite her own history and give Ellen DeGeneres all the credit for her coming out and being okay with her sexuality.  I'm thrilled that they're happy together, but that doesn't change history.  Finally, while I respect that some people are happy vegans, I do get a little tired of the \\"not eating animals makes me more spiritual\\" rhetoric.  Carnivores are spiritual too, and eating meat does not automatically make you cruel or emotionally shut down.  Spare me.  Oh, and one more thing.  Ms. de Rossi includes some truly disturbing pictures of herself at her lowest weights to illustrate her disease, but doesn't bother to include a single one of her at a healthy 130 and smiling.  The shadowy cover pic doesn't count.  If you're going to make a case for loving yourself exactly as you are, you should include a final shot of yourself looking happy and loved.
B005KAH7QU|1.0|This movie is trash. The actors are no good, the filming isn't good at all & what's with the psychidelic music?! Waste of time & Eric & Kate's talent. Who rated it with 4 stars...it's creators?!
1442413611|3.0|I would agree with an earlier reviewer that these books are not suitable for readers under the age of about 14. There is a lot of supposedly 'real life' teenage interaction. (Some of it seems fairly realistic but actually some bits of it are a little embarrassing to be honest.)    But if you are over 14 or buying a book for a teenager then the CHERUB series is quite good. The first book ('The Recruit') is by far the best and from then on they get gradually less good throughout the series. This is book 2, so it's still worth reading.    The trouble is that the author tries to keep everything realistic for child spies, but for most of the missions this means that the only thing the child spies can actually do is break into someone's house and do a lot of photocopying. I don't know about you, but I don't read spy or action books so I can read about photocopying. If I wanted photocopying I'd go and find a job in an office.    So although this series has a strong concept, there is a lack of suspense in the plot and a lack of good, gripping action sequences. For fans of suspense, spies and action - and also for younger readers - I would recommend the better books: Stormbreaker by Anthony Horowitz and the Jimmy Coates books by Joe Craig.
B005COO1X6|4.0|I've read some of the bad reviews here, and was a bit apprehensive in buying the book.  However, I have to say that King did a great job with the character development, and at the end, was hoping that there would be a part 2 to this story.  I felt like I was hanging off a limb waiting for more, but alas the book was over.  I look forward to Kings next short story to read on my Kindle.
B003O2RQKS|2.0|I realize that Lang Lang playing brings young people to his concerts. I am all for that. I like his theatrical approach to the Beethoven Sonatas,Albeniz, Iberia Book 1,Prokofiev Piano sonata No7 and his Chopin. He has the technique, but no passion in his playing. A good showman with an excellent Technique, but nothing else. Over the years he may obtain this. One has to compare him to the young Helene Grimaud playing the Ravel piano Concerto in G, conducted by Vladimir Jurowski. The 2nd Movement is breathtaking and extremely moving as played by Helene. Lang Lang could not match her,for he has no substance.
B000KQF6X0|5.0|I already owned the previous 2 releases of this movie on DVD and was hopeing for better picture quality by purchasing the new BD version of this movie. Although the picture was not at all grainy in blueray, I must say that I was hopeing for a crisper picture. That said, the extras on this BD are great and for anyone who intends to watch this movie more than once again in the future, the Blu-ray version may be worth the price to you.
1932100660|4.0|I haven't finished reading this yet but from what I've read I can tell the author put his heart and soul into it and really stands behind his beliefs.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Very good weather app. I really like how it puts the temp and weather icon on the notification bar at all times so you can see it at a glance. the widgets are really good too. I haven't found a better weather app yet.
B003XT8Y3K|5.0|Kaufmann has a baritonal voice which can become lyrical. It sounds like combining Vinay with Vickers and the emotionalism of Corelli. However, in reality he has a voice that is unique to himself.He is a good actor, which is shown in his live DVD versions of Tosca and Carmen. I suppose the excerpt from Zandonai's Romeo and Juliet, Giulietta, son io, best sums up his voice.Listen to Ponchielli's Si, questa estrema grazia from I Lituani,virtually an unknown opera. Or Ombra di Nube by Refice, made famous by Clauda Muzio. This is a singer we will be talking about for years, as we did Callas.For Kaufmann is passionate in his singing, as were those of the past like Cortis and his ilk. A must for fans of Kaufmann.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|didn't work, no info for my area, then it crashed before I could figure out how to change locations uninstalled immediately
0738711500|5.0|The easy Tarot Cards by Josephine Ellershaw are so helpful for beginners who want to know more about there readings. I am very happy to have this deck kit in my collection and amazed and there beauty.
B002SSUQFG|5.0|I bought this watch prior to reading all the reviews, particularly the ones about it does not keep accurate time and now 48hra after wearing it, I am convinced those reviews are not accurate. In two days, the watch time might be 5secs off what my iPhone tell me, but no more. The nylon strap is vey comfortable and the watch face of 37mm looks proportional to my wrist. I'm 5'9 160lbs, so take that into consideration if your're a larger man. But for 75% off, this watch is a very good deal as far as automatic watches are concerned.
B003O86CJS|5.0|Katy is one wonderful singer! Can't wait for her other albums! All the songs are great!   Thank you, Amazon for the speedy shipment!
B00008NRL8|5.0|I had heard it before playing in a giftshop as background music and HAD to have it !!! Bought it at a great price from a great seller on Amazon.
B0059IVV9M|5.0|Beirut manage to evolve yet keep the same fundamentals that make them a great band. This album is what you would expect, beautiful melodies and moods with often danceable rhythms. Not a weak track on the disc.
B0016K40KY|5.0|As one who is currently residing in Saudi Arabia, it is always interesting to learn about some of the \\"backstory\\" on how the Kingdom came to be.  Superb film with such scale & scope magnificently depicted on today's modern \\"wide-screen\\" televisions. Betrayals, tribal feuds, loyalty, the continual search for leadership in an endless desert, this is a must-have film for all serious movie buffs.
B0034G4P8U|5.0|We went to the Imax 3-D opening of this movie with GRAND expectations.  We were NOT disappointed! This movie IS AMAZING and a MUST SEE for ANY Transformer fans! You will be at the edge of your seat at times, and laughing out loud at others.  The fact that Megan Fox was not in this movie left us a little guarded but she wasn't even needed...lol.  The story line is amazing, the characters that we know and love *or hate* are at their best and the introduction of new robots is amazing! Go see it! Go buy it! You won't regret it!!! * Autobots RULE*
B0058EBNAO|1.0|This app looks cool and has promise, but the first location i tried to enter caused an error. If the locations I want can't be used, then this app is useless to me.
B000007ODY|5.0|Schumann once described Beethoven's Fourth Symphony as a slender Greek Maiden between two Norse Giants - that's crap if you ask me but even so: the adage lives on. Similarly, Karajan's 1978 Brahms cycle could be likened to a middle child; it has always suffered by comparison with the superlative '63 cycle - not least sonically - whereas the '86-88 cycle has attracted attention because of the performances of the last two symphonies where fatigue beset both the conductor and his orchestra. Elsewhere, Osborne fails to mention this cycle in his biography on Karajan: the silence is telling.<br /><br />Nor does the Original Image Bit Processing overly revamp the performances. I had the original CDs and there is no marked improvement. In certain instances, the sound is still pancake flat. More on that later.<br /><br />But what of the interpretations themselves? Karajan was well known for ossifying an interpretation once it had been settled in his mind - even so, the wind blows where it wills - or not.<br /><br />First, an overarching point: the Berlin Philharmonic play magnificently. At this point in time, they had as much thrust as a Saturn V Rocket. They are almoners of ecstasy. If anyone could have kept up with Furtwangler in the Brahms Third, it was the line-up of the Berlin Phil that Herbie used for this performance of the Second.<br /><br />Everyone knows that Three is hard to pull off. There is an exquisite ambiguity in the first movement: is it an exposition of power or valediction?  The Gramophon is normally caustic towards Karajan in the Third but they hail this performance \\"as satisfyingly virile and forthright reading. There is no exposition repeat, but the first movement is in every other respect conveyed in masterly fashion . . . . Throughout the work, in fact, the music's pulse beats pretty strongly.\\" I agree. Much like the contemporary Schubert Ninth on EMI - a work which he likewise labored over -  Karajan threw caution to the wind and let fly. It may not displace the Furtwangler in the last analysis but my god it is a thumper. The first violins cut through the choppiness of Brahms' passagework like the prow of a Greek trireme.<br /><br />Little needs to said of this Second. Karajan is a master in this work. Not one of his performances on disc is anything less than superlative. Just listen to the last movement - it is virtuosity incarnate. Not even Furtwangler surpassed Herbie in this symphony. The only rival is the '86 remake [[ASIN:B00000E3XZ Brahms: Symphony No. 2 / Haydn Variations]].<br /><br />There is not a lot wrong with the First here. It is frequently beaten with a stick to the effect that Karajan was fresher in the '63 alternative. If so, it's marginal. The leitmotiv of the work `per ardua ad astra' (through Adversity to the Stars) is fully encompassed in the finale. The heaviness of the orchestration is clarified. Much like the Second, Karajan was always a master of this symphony, his one relative failure being the mushy version he recorded with the Vienna Philharmonic in the early 1960s. His last two renditions - one studio in 1987 ([[ASIN:B000001G8T Brahms: Symphony No. 1]]) and one live in 1988 ([[ASIN:B001IT75FU Brahms: Symphony No. 1; Schoenberg: Verkl&auml;rte Nacht]]) - are craggily prophetic like Michelangelo's statue of Moses.<br /><br />The real problem with this set - and it is a relative one - comes with the Fourth. The two inner movements are fine. In the last movement, the intensity dips - and the same could be said of the first movement. Both Furtwangler ([[ASIN:B000006HR6 Brahms: Symphony No. 4; Haydn Variations / Furtw&auml;ngler]]) and Kleiber are faster and more ferocious than Karajan and that adds to the drama. All in all, this is a compelling performance of the Fourth but a Sibylline utterance it ain't.<br /><br />Back to the sound. This is going to sound unsophisticated in the extreme but the answer is this: crank it up. Yep, just turn it up and blow your speakers. For whatever reason these performances shed most - if not all - of any flatness at a high volume. And it also evangelizes unbelievers in the vicinity.<br /><br />In short, this is a top notch cycle. It may be harder and more brutal than the '63 cycle but Brahms can withstand this approach.on these performances shed most - if not all - of any flatness at a high volume. And it also evangelizes unbelievers in the vicinity.<br /><br />In short, this is a top notch cycle. It may be harder and more brutal than the '63 cycle but Brahms can withstand this approach.
0563477385|5.0|This series was put out by the BBC. It is not read by one person but acted by several persons. The music is good and the story is wonderful. Well worth the cost and the time spent listening
B002MQYOFW|5.0|ater the Harry Potter series I nevr thought I was goimg to find another entertaining hero in the fantasy world but I wasdead wrong. Suzanne Collins writes about Katniss Everdeen (I can only guess where she got such a name) the most three dimnsional character I have read about. The rest of the characters are extremely well thought out... i can only say that all of the series is definately its worth in gold
B005G4TJUC|5.0|I really liked the movie and i really hope this is the Last Transformers movie.   I am only giving it 5 stars for the movie and not the price.  I think that is to much for just one dvd which is not a blue ray copy.  This price should go down to at least $15.00  yeah new movie but price for this nope.   Transformers will be always cool, to me at least the three movies did come out good,   I would wish they stop making movies from cartoons, Leave the cartoons alone.  5 stars for the movie not the price   Also in the movie, new actors, and new leading lady she was good,   His parents had small parts which is good because in this movie they showed him more of a grown man.  The scenes from the movies are cool, shot in Chicago and that is a cool city,   Alos make you think of the cover ups that really did or did not happen on the moon, or why we went into space.  So  if you already have the other two movies get this third movie but try to find a lower price
B000001EEN|5.0|Anyone who says this cd is subpar to the original release must be on Heroin themselves. It's FAR better sounding. And the performance? Anyone who says that this is a subpar performance to the Dominoes live, or Just One Night- well, I'm afraid they don't get it either. This is classic stuff. Raw, not rusty. Yeah, maybe they hadn't rehearsed 100 times. That makes it sound that much more lively and off the cuff. Don't let anyone dissuade you from this. This is a fine musical performance. Probably my favorite, best sounding live release.
B00000633N|5.0|To be honest, normally I would not have enough patience to listen to stand-alone 7min++ tracks, yet Introspective which consists of 6 9 to 12 min tracks is exceptionally hypnotic. The Italo House sound with an acidic touch in these tracks will never age or bore you. With the title being Introspective, the lyrics are superb as well. While the four tracks Left to My Own Devices, Domino Dancing, Always on My Mind/In My House and It's Alright have gained great success, my personal favourites in this disc is the extended mix of Rent's B-side I Want a Dog, where Neil sounded more lonely, heartbroken and vulnerable than he has ever sounded.  In general, Introspective is a great pick for anyone, as the tracks are all utterly danceable yet strangely affecting, smart and deep, making the album worth much more than it's stated price.
B005BQTUVI|3.0|I enjoy \\"Mimic,\\" the movie.  I have owned it on VHS, DVD, and now on this nice Director's Cut Blu Ray (Best Buy started selling the Blu Ray on September 6 . . . everyone else will have it on September 27).  I am happy with my purchase and I will keep my Blu Ray of \\"Mimic\\" because the movie is kind of awesome in that science gone wrong giant bug sort of way.    My three stars for this review are strictly based off of the fact that this Blu Ray release is marketed as a Director's Cut and every single movie website, fan site, movie reviewer site (I think you are getting my drift) has been overjoyed in the fact that Guillermo Del Toro is finally given the chance to \\"reclaim\\" \\"Mimic.\\"  There is this whole back story involving executive producers, movie studio big wigs, and creative differences that plagued the development of \\"Mimic\\" (It is one of those typical Hollywood stories).  It became such a problem, that Del Toro believed \\"Mimic\\" was not really his movie, he lost control of it, and did not like the outcome - this is all pretty much stated within the new \\"Reclaiming Mimic\\" featurette found on the Blu Ray.  With a back story such as this, yes, people should be excited for a Director's Cut . . . Del Toro finally gets to reinstate his vision - or, at least, what's left of it being that he cannot go back and re-shoot the movie.  But, as stated in the \\"Reclaiming Mimic\\" featurette, Del Toro is finally happy with the movie's Director's Cut.  Without re-shooting the entire film, this is the cut of the movie Del Toro wants the audience to experience.    See, there's a lot of hype.  Del Toro did not like the original cut, but is more than happy with his own cut.  The studio was too hands on the first time around and completely changed his vision.  With all of this promise behind Del Toro reinstating his vision, to me, I was somewhat just disappointed when the movie really wasn't all that . . . different.      (Vague spoilers below . . .)    The action remains the same.  There is no alternate ending.  There are more character scenes, which are always made to make you feel more for the characters' situations, but . . . I already felt for the characters.  So the scenes did not make me \\"feel more\\" about them because I already liked them (originally).  There are scenes which help to fill in some of the timeline of the narrative and I enjoyed those because they filled in some of the gaps.  But again, it doesn't make \\"Mimic\\" the Director's Cut a wholly different experience.  And that is why this Director's Cut is disappointing and a little bit over-hyped.  With all the problems happening behind the scenes of the original, this Director's Cut had a lot of weight behind it, but, if this is all the Director's Cut is, it makes me wonder why exactly Del Toro didn't like the original movie because his vision is really not all that different from what the studio saw.    (Ok, so this review is getting long and I'm going to wrap it up.)    My final word on the subject is this: Buy this movie in order to have a good science versus nature movie on Blu Ray, but do not expect the \\"Director's Cut\\" to be a miracle or even all that different, because it is not.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I got this app when it was free and would pay money for it.  Its accuracy is pretty amazing.  The only problem I have with it is that the keys are a little close together so I accidentally hit some that I don't want but really I have been able to deal with that pretty well.  Great app!
0553801473|4.0|First off I wana say most people are writing bad review on how long it took to come out, this book had over 200 one star reviews on that alone over 2 years ago...and the trolls read it and came back to troll some more. the only reason i didnt give this five stars is when i compare all the books in the series, a storm of swords is still in my opinion the most gripping of the books so far.<br /><br />this book was well written it reminded me of reading a clash of kings, meaning a great deal of it was setting the stage for \\"winds of winter\\" so in all actuality its very consistent with all the other writings.<br />to help people general interested in reading this i say this Ive read many reviews over many sites and i hear people complaining that \\"it ends on a cliff hanger!\\" or \\"i thought more should have happened in this book....like spoiler spoiler spoiler !\\" so to the first i say DUH its not the ending of the story so cliffhangers should be expected! to the second i say, i thought more would have happened also but i understand after reading it why it didn't, and honestly it didn't damage the pace at all so who cares if we didn't get ALL the answers we hoped for.<br /><br />all in all its an amazing book just like the rest, yes it has a few slow moments like crows \\"mostly daenarys chapters again\\" but it wasn't a chore to read like crows. again it felt like i was reading clash again \\"daenarys was slow in that also\\" i personally cannot wait for the next book, even though i realize its most likely many years away! lol but if you liked the others and not swayed and bitter by having to wait so long for the release of this one i think you will enjoy it and encourage the reading of it.<br /><br />i don't wanna give the story away by saying exactly what i liked about the book because if any one has read these books know those are the best parts. i will say its consistent with the pace of the first 2 books and just as well written as the other 5 so far.<br /><br />to the otherswho waited so long for dance that it made them hate it and beat it down I want to say get over it because 90% of you know your gonna read the other two books regardless of how \\"bad and disappointing\\" this book was if only to see how it ends.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|i have had this app for 22 hours now and i am uninstalling it. the radar sucks to be nice about it. i tried to find my location by gps and it wouldnt work. i typed in my zip code and it would give me the weather for the zip code but not the city. i live in northern az and it tried to tell me that i was in a territory. the clock is cool but not really worth it. when it was pouring rain outside, the app told me it was nice and sunny... FAIL. not worth the money or the time if it is ever free again.
B00009W0U4|5.0|An absolute must see.  Touching and disturbing, scary and beautiful.  Gaspar Noe is a brilliant visionary and story teller.  Not for the squeamish as there are a couple of scenes that cant be erased from your mind, so make sure you know what your in for.
076531178X|5.0|This is an amazing first in a trilogy. It is written with a beginning, middle, and end. After you are done with this novel you will have felt wholly satisfied with the book. Even though this is book one of three it stands on its own.<br /><br />One thing that sets this book apart from so much other fantasy novels is the action. You never feel lost at who is doing what. Every time there is an action scene you feel real danger for the characters.<br /><br />Sanderson has shown himself to be a master at world building and this book is no different. Everything seems to be well thought out and logical to this world and story.<br /><br />I loved this book and think you will too. Buy it and love it.
B003Y5H54W|5.0|This item was in perfect condition. It was like brandnew, never opened, great buy and it matched the items description.
B004EPYZT4|5.0|Awesome movie, just seen it twice. Once in 2D and in 3D. 3D is not worth it. I don't think I'll see another for a long time. If you are a fan of the REH books and comic series, you will love this rendition of Conan. J. Mamoa is as described in the books , not some dumb sounding idiot as in the older movies. To many people are expecting this to be a remake it is NOT, it is a REBOOT of a franchise. Too many haven't read the books and know the feel of them to get it. Watch it and enjoy. Even though it isn't an actual REH story, it has the feel of the character that it's supposed to have. Ending could have been a little more dramatic though. My only complaint. I'm hoping for another to be made.
B003YV64OI|5.0|lo compre para desbloquear el cuarto nucleo que tiene deshabilitado pero por algo lo deshabilitaron de fabrica asi que :( no me trabajo el 4 nucleo pero aun asi este procesador trabaja muy bien con todas las aplicaciones windows 7 le pone un rating de 6.9 nada mal para un procesador en este rango de precio
B001EO2UJK|5.0|Thsi Box-set is a 'must' if you are into progressive rock. The most creative period of Genesis it's in this 5 albums. The 5.1 remix is awesome, and the extras and interviews of every album are great!
B0058EBNAO|5.0|after fiddling with it for abt 10 min, finally got it to work. beautiful to look at, loads of info at your fingertips, you'll never need another weather app again! $3 reg price is completely warranted, but I'm so happy to have gotten it for free. replaced my current widgets for weather and time and added some more to the collection. at first I had the same issues as some of the other reviewers abt not being able to find my location, but I changed the source from intellicast to foreca.com which immediately found my location, enabling me to access everything this fantastic app has to offer.  HTC EVO 3g
0470570954|5.0|GREAT Product!!!!!  The book was shipped in time, faster than I expected!  In newly wrapped plastic!  Everything was new and for a GREAT price!!!!  Thank you!!!!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Suzanne Collins is a master story teller! She managed to take away my sleep for 4 days in a row!!  What an amazing series!
B002ZB26AO|5.0|I read this at the same time as The Cleanest Race, another excellent book on North Korea. The personal accounts of Nothing to Envy are both moving and illuminating about what it is like to live in one of the strangest places on earth.
0307588343|3.0|Lehman Brothers was a merchant bank for 158 years until 2008.  In the end the CEO was Richard Fuld.  A desire hatched in the Clinton administration to increase home ownership backfired.  Securitization of mortagages was a later wrinkle.  McDonald made an arduous climb to employment with a major Wall Street player.  His circumstances, the child of divorce with dismal schooling and prospects, are familiar problems, regrettably.      The author provides an explanation of convertible bonds anyone can follow.  Early in his career McDonald moved from Merrill Lynch in Philadelphia to one in Cape Cod.  After three years there he switched to the brokerage house of Smith Barney.  Mc Donald left the Cape to move to Greenwich to form a start-up using the internet to compile information about companies issuing bonds.  The author and his partner were in the midst of a boom when the site was started in 1997.  The company got noticed in the WALL STREET JOURNAL and on television.      In 1999 Morgan Stanley decided to buy the company.  McDonald and his partner went to work at Morgan Stanley.  The partner left because he could not stand the corporate way of doing things.  McDonald's father identified for him the dot-com bubble.  He also blew the whistle on the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act.  When a subsequent regulatory development, Sarbanes-Oxley, dried up the corporate bond market, securitization filled the gap.  The credit boom began in 2003 with interest rates kept low by the Federal Reserve Board.      A friend advised McDonald there was a place at Lehman for him.  Securitized debt was a bonanza by 2004.  During the mortagage mania McDonald and others investigated shorting the homebuilders.  Later Mike Gelband would explain at a meeting of traders that derivatives in the property business provided an unacceptable, (false), stimulus to the economy.      Near the end top positions at Lehman Brothers were held by people of insufficient experience.  In March 2008 McDobnald was released with a severance package.  There were other lay-offs that week, the time of the run on Bear Stearns.      The final days of the firm are described in colorful terms.  The book is exciting.  Notwithstanding the fact that so many matters have appeared in the newspaper accounts, there is so much more to the story of the Lehman collapse.  This is excellent.
B000MD9UJC|4.0|Maybe it's just personal preference, but after a lot of deliberation, I liked the incandescent bulb more than the LED.  Maybe it was the customary yellowish light compared to the whiter LED light that bothered me.  However, the tail switch is well worth the money, so much handier than the twist.
B003L77GRO|5.0|Dexter is a great tv series. The writing is superb. The acting is outstanding. Each program keeps you wanting more. Buy it Now
B001UV4XUG|5.0|i am very satisfied with the arrival of the video I wanted and the condition it was in - Thanks Amazon!!!
0439227585|1.0|My son picked this book up at his school library.  After reading it he handed it to me a suggested I read it.  Now I know why - he wanted to discuss everything that is wrong with this book and try to figure out why people would like it.  It has no decent plot, has no character development,is not well written, and is just plainly disturbing with an old man planny to marry a young child, and abusing other children.  This is not entertainment.
B004WCTLNY|5.0|i am very satisfied with the arrival of the video I wanted and the condition it was in - Thanks Amazon!!!
B000V5ZI9M|1.0|Possibly, why this episode has no ratings is because, it wont play. Instead I get an icon saying that i am watching two videos at the same time, possibly on split screen. The only problem with this is that I am not watching any video! The replay is either broken or there are perhaps too many watching at the sametime. But no matter what i cant get this episode to play. Again Amazon if Your going to chare $79 a year for \\"unlimited Access\\" You need to do a much better job with Your server responce and troubleshooting. Please fix the Darn thing!
B004XQO90O|5.0|i am very satisfied customenr with the arrival of the video I wanted and the condition it was in - Thanks Amazon!!!
076115678X|5.0|I am a late in life curly girl so I desperately needed this book to help me learn how to deal with my new found curls. The book taught me a lot about how to treat my curls, but the products do nothing for me. The no shampoo idea does not work for me at all. My hair looked and felt awful. I tried the no-poo and conditioner in conjunction with the gel and hated everything about it. My hair was frizzier than ever before and looked dull and lifeless. I searched all over the internet for a curly girl support group to help me learn to love this product but found nothing. I'm just sticking to the principles in the book but using different products and am now happier than ever with my curls even though I am shampooing my scalp (not the ends) daily.
B0058EBNAO|2.0|annoying notification popups continuous while app open, atleast every minute when in background, with 1 hr updates selected. red is not a good color for systray temp text, needs to be changeable. took a long time to setup, app couldn't figure out my location, I'm pretty sure I'm not in Antarctica.
B003DZX44I|5.0|Ok, so the movie's awesome, we all know that. One of Disney's best and there's a reason it was the first animated movie nominated for Best Picture. As for the transfer, let's get right to it-    It's great. I was excited by all the various rave reviews of the picture on Blu-Ray sites, but then confused when I saw some people complaining on the Amazon review page. I turned the movie on earlier and I know what they're complaining about with the \\"white halos.\\" I found the solution for this to be actually very, very simple. Just turn down the sharpness slightly. And that's it. You lose the halos while retaining the fantastic quality & crispness of every line in the picture. As for complaints about the clarity revealing the minor animation flaws, I just don't see anyone with that complaint being an animation fanatic. Imperfection is perfection.    The features are great, particularly the interactive documentary if you're interested in the behind-the-scenes of what was essentially the rise of the Disney Renaissance.    So yeah, PQ & AQ are exceptional and if you have the opportunity to get this, do it! Especially with the surprisingly pretty low price on Amazon.
B003L77GRO|5.0|Great buy! we love dexter and this season was just as good as the past seasons. Would def. recommend buying it. and buy from amazon, I buy everything from here. Love the service.
0140120416|5.0|Great book to teach Russian with an Foreign Language Learner! The author really gets the language and all of its various ways. I'm really impressed to find such a comprehensive book. If followed, and really studied and concepts practiced and applied everyday for at least 2 hrs, you will speak Russian and even read it, in 4-5mos!
B004X0XA82|5.0|When I first started listening to the album \\"Helplessness Blues,\\" it was played on repeat in my car because I thought the style of music suited driving down tree-lined highways quite well. It was laid-back and pleasant to listen to, reminding me of sunny days and gentle breezes.<br /><br />However, the more I listened, the more I picked up on the lyrics...and it was the lyrics that blew me away and made me fall absolutely in love with the album. The lyrics are skillfully and poetically wrought, and every verse of every song paints a vivid image in the listener's mind. This is especially apparent in songs like \\"Sim Sala Bim\\" and \\"The Shrine,\\" in which the lyrics even explicitly spell out specific scenes for us--a man's typical, mundane morning interrupted by a shifting world, and a skeptical man's attempt to mimic the faith of children by wishing on pennies in a fountain. Just as lots of good description in literature pulls the reader into the pages of the book, so the Fleet Foxes pull their listeners in by weaving colorful images in their lyrics. They are using their songs to tell us a story and make us ponder the deeper meaning.<br /><br />Other songs, like \\"Montezuma,\\" \\"Helplessness Blues,\\" and \\"Blue Spotted Tail\\" contain more philosophical lyrics, pondering the meaning of life, exploring the feeling of wasting life, and wondering what the point of worldly gain and riches is.<br /><br />Overall, the flow of the music and the stories woven by the lyrics make \\"Helplessness Blues\\" a very addictive listen as well as a musical masterpiece. And I'm sorry if this review has come across as artsy or cheesy...I just was really amazed by how the Fleet Foxes managed to create these poetic, profound songs while still maintaining a very laid-back, easy-listening style. It's refreshing and impressive, and I hope other people decide to take a listen.
B005COO1X6|5.0|Even if the Kindle didn't do anything else during its run, the establishment of the Kindle Singles program - short, low-priced pieces by a variety of authors - and the benefit it's had in reinvigorating the short story form have been more than enough to justify its existence. And a new short horror piece (about 80 pages) from Stephen King, whose short work is reliably great? Even better. Mile 81 is a simple enough tale, revolving around several people and families who find their paths converging at an abandoned rest area at the titular mile marker. As he always does, King invests his tale with prosaic details, sharply drawn characters (even with the short length of the tale, King creates characters that are richer and more compelling than many novelists can in five times the pages), and an eerie sense of wrongness that can make even a sunny day next to the interstate weirdly unsettling. The resolution of it all is a little flat and perfunctory, but it's not a deal-breaker; the story as a whole is so enjoyable that a weak ending can't hurt it too much. If you're a King fan, you can't go wrong with this; if you're a newcomer, this is a great way to get introduced to King's strengths as a writer and his remarkable ability to create fear in the unlikeliest of place.
0807014273|5.0|Just finished reading Viktor E. Frankl's book Man's Search for Meaning. Along with over 12 million other readers I have found it a classic book and is a sobering look at life from an altogether profoundly realistic perspective. I have to say this was a long overdue book for me to read and it has left a profound effect on my view on life, my life and those of my fellow human beings.
0316069353|5.0|Connelly's newest is the next entry in the Mickey Haller series, but more than that, it's a thriller that's very much a reflection of its time and place. The story of a woman charged with the murder of the man responsible for foreclosing on her house, The Fifth Witness is a book that's inexorably tied to the current economic climate, with Haller's legal practice overflowing with bankruptcies and public opinion of bankers and corporate repo men at an all-time low. It's this contemporary feel that always sets Connelly's work apart for me, and The Fifth Witness is no exception, making social observations as solidly as it creates a taut legal thriller. And make no mistake, The Fifth Witness is definitely a great courthouse tale, with Connelly's knowledge and experience giving the tale a lived-in feel of a real story, not some fictional dramatization. More than that, Connelly isn't afraid to confront the ethical and moral questions that arise from the case as it twists and turns, and his willingness to let his characters evolve and change is a testament to the series' continued popularity and quality. It's a gripping read on just about every level, one that moves like a rocket and yet has enough flavor, depth, and shades of gray to satisfy just about any reader, whether you're new to Connelly or a seasoned pro.
B000BJS4F8|4.0|This compilation of songs is great but this was a great opportunity to offer a collection of all of her videos and it was not the case...  Big disappointment in that respect!  On the bright side, all lyrics of all songs are included plus the artwork is awesome except for the collage thing on the back of the booklet, it looks cheap, cheese  and old school tacky (exactly the same thing with \\"Flavors of Entanglement\\": Was that artwork a bad joke or a nightmare??  Sorry Morissette, I love you but that is the truth.  ;o)
B003L77GRO|2.0|The quality of this product was about the worse thing I've seen on DVD from Amazon. It was distracting. Just awful. The seller replaced it immediately, but I don't think it was the seller's fault. Also, Julia Stiles was just not the right choice. I was so bored with her performance (and panting) - a first while watching my favorite show on TV. Fingers crossed for Season 6.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Our entire family enjoys playing Angry Birds. My 5 year old really gets into the game.   I am ready for new levels to unlock.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|I love watching medieval movies and series and this one offers glitch and glamor of past times in courts.  The costuming is fabulous and series itself is full of the plotting and intrigue one would expect in Henry's court.  I haven't finished watching all of the episodes yet and am looking forward to how the character of Henry is going to be developed.  Right now he is being portrayed exactly as I would have expected him to have been in real life - arrogant and full of himself.  This is great - watch it if you haven't seen it already.  A wonderful addition to your video library.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|Wow!  A lot of negative nancy's out there.  The app does exactly what it says it does.  Works great on my Droid X.  Doesnt crash,  i use it frequently.
B004EPYZXK|4.0|Suppose, following the official final lunar mission of Apollo 17 in December 1972, that the once-aborted Apollo 18 mission had been taken over by the Pentagon and sent to the Moon on a highly secret mission?  That's the premise behind the 2011 film APOLLO 18, a film that is not only a conspiracy tract, but also something of an outer-space shocker a la the 1979 blockbuster ALIEN.  The premise of this pseudo-documentary sci-fi enterprise is that, under a cloak of secrecy so great that apparently not even the same American media that uncovered the truth of Watergate knows about, the Department of Defense sent a three-man crew to the Moon on Apollo 18 in December 1974 on an errand that the crew clearly knew nothing about beforehand.  Everything seems to go well at first; the two men (Warren Christie; Lloyd Owen) who land on the Moon in the lunar module \\"Liberty\\" make their landing as routine as anything we saw during the real Apollo program (with the exception, of course, of the Apollo 13 mission of 1970, which almost took a fatal turn).  But once they get there, they discover what would appear to be an actual Russian lunar module a mere three miles from their landing site; and when they enter the module, they see the interior is in a shambles, with blood over the control panels, and a couple of very dead Russian cosmonauts.  Even more, Own and Christie discover tracks made on the Moon's surface that are neither theirs nor those of the cosmonauts--indicating, of course, extra-terrestrial life (a premise that defies a lot of scientific credibility since, at least during the actual Apollo missions, no evidence of such a thing was ever found on the Moon's airless surface).  But then the extra-terrestrial creatures, which look like mini-crabs, appear out of the lunar rocks, and then....  Basically a combination of various conspiracy-type sci-fi films (e.g. HANGAR 18, CAPRICORN ONE) , legitimate sci-fi (2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY; ALIEN), docudrama (APOLLO 13), and \\"found horrorfootage\\" (THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT), APOLLO 18  was largely financed by the very independent brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein for what was an extremely paltry amount, $5 million.  Given its attempts at BLAIR WITCH-style tactics (shaky cameras; grainy video; strobe lights) and working with technology that existed back in the mid-1970s, the makers of APOLLO 18 have sought to exploit that market of so-called \\"found film\\" footage that popped up after BLAIR WITCH's sudden and huge success in 1999.  The finished product has many of the same flaws and high points of BLAIR WITCH; the acting by the three principal actors cannot be expected to be on the level of Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, or Bill Paxton in APOLLO 13.  And it certainly has too many credibility gaps to either be as enlightening as \\"2001\\" or as scary as ALIEN, though, strangely, the brief moments when the lethal crab-like creatures do appear in person (mostly, they are implied) give off a shock factor not far removed from THE BIRDS or JAWS, which is far better than most horror films of recent vintage have managed to do.  Not surprisingly, both NASA and the Pentagon disavowed giving the makers of APOLLO 18 any help in its making, and it's just as well.  This movie is no masterpiece by any reasonable definition of the term, even given a budget that, by today's sci-fi standards, is very low indeed.  As an experiment in combining conspiracy theories, pseudo-documentary techniques, legitimate sci-fi, and horror, however, it does succeed in certain ways that very few others of its type ever dreamed of.
1595825045|5.0|nice product, it arrived pretty fast, I thought it'd take more than 6 weeks. Thanks for this amazing product. Keep the good quality of work.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Awesome app for Android, it has different reading plans on most languages. You can also listen to it why you are driving or walking.
B0036EH3XE|4.0|We had all the other seasons so we needed to complete our set.  I still have unanswered questions and am not sure that I like the ending of this story.
1594744769|5.0|This book is thrilling, and wonderful. It pulls at your heart wanting more. Its hard to let this book hit the night stand. you keep telling yourself a few more pages then ill put it down; the you say, oh maybe just a few more.
0439023513|5.0|This is just what I wanted, and at a great price! This trilogy is fantastic, and I hope the movies will do it justice!
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I have always enjoyed Phil Collins music and even liked Genesis a little. The Hits Phil Collins is a great buy. If you are looking to check out some of Phils music and don't know where to start, this is the C.D. for you and if you just like Phil Collins and like easy listening you'll love this one as well.
0439023491|5.0|This is just what I wanted, and at a great price! This trilogy is fantastic, and I hope the movies will do it justice!
B0058EBNAO|1.0|this could not work for reston va. immediately uninstalled. maybe if an update comes out to fix this issue but for now I'll stick with the weather channel
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Downloaded this morning and looked promising. Unfortunately it stopped working this afternoon and even reinstalling didn't help. I'll give it a while and try again.
B003L77GGK|5.0|My son and I have been fans of Supernatural from episode one and are impatiently waiting for the new season!  I have no idea how many times we've watched each episode, but Supernatural is our 'go to' when we want to watch something.  We were so engrossed in this last season(season 6), when the WB had advertised for a new episode and then at the last minute pulled it due to a scheduling conflict and aired a rerun of Nikita, you'd have thought it was the end of the world in this household!  I don't think I've ever looked forward to a series more in my life.  Supernatural is an exciting 'cross country joy ride' from beginning to end.  Season 6 is no exception to that. If anything, it amps it up a notch!  Supernatural is so engrossing, you don't watch it, you experience it.  (Kudos to the great writers-I laugh during every episode at Dean's quick witted but seriously delivered remarks!)  Supernatural is non-stop action, great dialogue and awesome music(thanks to Dean's taste in tunes!)  Buy and watch every season...you won't be disappointed!
B00080DIWE|5.0|This 2 part set is something that should be on every model builders bench. They both rotate easily and are adjustable so that it will hold just about anything. The smaller unit has adjustable spring arms that fit inside almost any open car body or ships hull. The larger unit comes with 4 spring clips to hold parts plus slots for 4 more and various sized holes for other holding tools.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|After fifteen minutes and opening and closing several time the app actually works. Would be nice with a list of different maps available, only does radar. Don't know why it took so long to get a working app.
B0051QO4QY|5.0|This album is perfect. It's beautiful, it's inspiring, and it's worth every penny! Each song is so unique, yet they all seem to go together so well. Born This Way (the song) is so uplifting, and it speaks to anyone who will let it in. The Edge of Glory is just beautiful. You and I just makes me feel good :)  Heavy Metal Lover is my favorite off the album, and it's EXTREMELY addictive. I don't have time to say anything about the rest of the songs, but if you buy the album, you won't regret it.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|had the same problem as a lot of other people. would not load my location from zip, city list or gps. uninstalled
B000EWBNMS|5.0|I didn't start watching Medium until it was in the 5th season. It so refreshing to watch some quality shows rather then what seems to be a slippery slope of reality shows. It actually show healthy family relationships. It was interesting to see how the relationships and the characters developed from the beginning. It surprised me to see Allison's relationship with Manuel Devalos was more prominant in the 1st season then in later seasons.<br /><br />I loved how the 1st show started with the Capt Push and how the end of season he was back for a 2 part show that continued into the 2nd season. My favorite episode was \\"The Other Side of the Tracks\\". That was one of the episodes that took and twist and turns that I didn't expect.<br /><br />I am starting my collection of this show since I can see myself watching them over and over.
B001QOGYBI|3.0|Fantastic Mr. Fox HAS to be the weirdest animated film I've ever seen. Right from the very beginning you will be surprised and perhaps even sickened by the way the husband and wife fox characters communicate with each other.     A good portion of the animation is really strange though, and that's no lie. Strange in a \\"What in the world just HAPPENED?\\" kind of way. One minute two adult foxes are pretending to talk to each other like a real life husband and wife couple, the next they're frantically digging holes and trying to escape with their lives upon realizing actual people are trying to destroy their habitat by tearing up the forests and ground (and eventually realizing the foxes need to be eliminated which results in more digging and hiding by the animals- this is a constant theme).     These foxes actually have personalities and actual problems that are, once again, similar to people. Something about the way the foxes move their lips is really funny and bizarre, but the biggest problem with Fantastic Mr. Fox is that the husband in particular tries to be funny but almost *never* is. Every attempt at humor that comes out of his mouth just stinks.     I admire the somewhat large and diverse variety of forest creatures (side characters) that happen to be friends with the fox family, but I don't know, I just didn't find this film particularly humorous and most of the jokes were severely hit and miss.  Most people seem to really like it though so perhaps I'm all alone in this regard.  To me, Fantastic Mr. Fox is just extremely bizarre and that's about the only quality it has going for it.
B0058A119G|5.0|When a fan adores a singer he or she can do NO wrong...but in Barbra's newest studio recording she does better than NO wrong...she does Genius...she delivers the voice and the power and the diction we have all grown to Love. Perhaps her own personal happiness has encouraged her to sing about what matters most...and for me what matters is that the world has a Streisand, because none can compare! Thank You Ms. Streisand for delivering genius!
B001WCN23W|1.0|Firstly, this album is gold.  I love it.  This is the Stones during their epic era.  There's never been anything in music better than the Stones during the Mick Taylor/Jimmy Miller era.  Keef's just got into open tuning and founded his sound.  Mick Taylor is amazing.  BUT...    This remaster is rubbish.  Everything's turned up to eleven.  There's no nuance, there's no definition.  It sounds like a mozquito buzzing in your ear.  And this for a band that understood groove better than anyone.  This remaster is unlistenably bad.  I never listen to this cd because it's such a travesty, a crime.  Someone should be prosecuted for such derogatory treatment of an amazing album.
B005DF2QMC|4.0|Reasonable price for a product that pulls power from USB port.  Disappointed with tape handling - not enough power to move tape without some wavering.  If you have good tapes that need to be transferred to MP3 format, this is a good tool.  However, if the tapes are at all marginal (like mine - played a whole lot) you may want to look elsewhere.
B0050LJIRK|1.0|Ahh. What can I say about Limp Bizkit except that their stench and lousy music has permeated the airwaves for the last 13 years or so. When I was younger I enjoyed a few of the songs off the first album but never really became a fan. Songs like \\"D-Bag\\" and \\"Auto Tuned\\" are some of the lamest ideas and lyrics that any band in that genre has ever invented. Seriously? Why are people still listening to this crap? Fred is a washed up, no talent has been and you would think after ten years of nothing, he would give his fans something worth listening to.   If that isn't enough, the title track is lousy and this album has no redeeming qualities at all. Even Korn's lousiest album is probably a thousand times better than this. Anybody still listening to this and praising it should have themselves checked for mental retardation. This is crap in it's purest and most vile form. I hope that Fred will learn his lesson and go away for good this time.
B005HI4LLY|5.0|''Tucker and Dale vs. Evil'' is such a hilarious and original movie. It will be a real shame if director Eli Craig will not make another part for ''Tucker and Dale'' series. It's a really awesome comedy with very well written script. After seeing many Hollywood comedies, this is what I would call a ''comedy of the year''. And the cast for the movie is really great. All actors done a very great job. Exceptionally I love Allison(Katrina Bowden) and those 2 main heroes: Tyler Labine(Dale) and Alan Tudyk(Tucker). They've done a really great job and those 3 are my favorite actors from now on. As for me, I'd love to have a chance to meet Katrina Bowden and Tyler Labine in real life. If that'd be possible I'd love to see them 3 in another movies. It's an exceptional hell of a great movie and it is a must have!   I see no downsides but that I hunger for more : )
B0058EBNAO|3.0|This app shows some potential, problem being that it was either not meant for use in the US, or it isn't ready for release yet.  Never was able to load any weather data for the 3 cities I tried, and finding a city closest to you with info is an exercise in futility.<br /><br />Honestly why don't Android weather apps use Accuweather, or Weather Underground for their info?!?  Both free, both accurate, both with huge weather databases.
030788743X|5.0|One of the main themes of the book, yet again unsurprisingly, is the question of whether life in the OASIS is really living. Cline seems to come down on both sides of the fence there, believing that real connections can be made mentally, stronger than those in the normal world even because the physical part does not get in the way. Still, he frequently has Wade comment on the fact that no one leaves their houses and really interacts with the world anymore, which seems to be seen as a bad thing. Certainly, in a perfect (or even halfway decent world) I do think people should not spend all of their time in an alternate reality; that's not healthy.<br /><br />However, people really need an escape, because the Earth has pretty much been destroyed. Enter dystopian aspects of the story here. The world sucks. Most people, in America at least, live in trailers. And since they ran out of space for the trailers, they started stacking them in precarious towers. Pretty much everyone's poor, unless they've sold their souls to an evil conglomeration like IOI or were lucky enough to invent something like OASIS. If you are lucky enough to earn some money, you are likely to have it stolen from you by the many predators hanging around the trailers. No wonder people want to live somewhere else; in fact, if Wade gets the money, he wants to build a spaceship and get the hell out of Dodge.<br /><br />Still, even without everything being a shitstorm outside the aptly named OASIS, I know anyone with a nerdy bone in their body would at least want to be there for a while, because there are planets and planes from every sci fi franchise under the sun. Try to tell me you don't want to ride on the Serenity or visit the planets from Star Wars (with the possible exceptions of Dagobah or Hoth or, well, maybe most of them actually, but I would like to check out the Death Star and Endor)! The fact that people do become obsessed with their alternate realities is no surprise though. Certainly I know a few people who would be all over that, doing quests, visiting the worlds of their favorite games, gunting...they'd never want to leave. Plus, I know I would have loved the chance to miss all of middle school and probably high school too for this online version. Not only would it save me from having to be lonely during my awkward teen years, but it also sounds super freaking cool. I mean, for history class, they can be part of a simulation in which the event they're studying takes place; I bet science was like being a kid in Ms. Frizzle's class! Who wouldn't want to learn that way?<br /><br />Even better, the whole story is completely chock full of nerdy references, mostly from the 80s, but some more modern things too. This gave me a number of opportunities to nerd out. Ernest Cline clearly loves science fiction, anime, fantasy, as well as family comedies like Family Ties. He also loves Ladyhawke, which there is a debate about the book. I must share my opinion on this matter, which is that it is freaking awesome, especially the soundtrack. Plus, Matthew Broderick was such a sweetie pie when he was little.<br /><br />So yeah, all nerds, science fictions lovers, dystopia enthusiasts, and video gamers who like to read will definitely want to add this one to the to read list. Personally, I hope to see more equally nerdy fiction from Cline in the future!ould be all over that, doing quests, visiting the worlds of their favorite games, gunting...they'd never want to leave. Plus, I know I would have loved the chance to miss all of middle school and probably high school too for this online version. Not only would it save me from having to be lonely during my awkward teen years, but it also sounds super freaking cool. I mean, for history class, they can be part of a simulation in which the event they're studying takes place; I bet science was like being a kid in Ms. Frizzle's class! Who wouldn't want to learn that way?    Even better, the whole story is completely chock full of nerdy references, mostly from the 80s, but some more modern things too. This gave me a number of opportunities to nerd out. Ernest Cline clearly loves science fiction, anime, fantasy, as well as family comedies like Family Ties. He also loves Ladyhawke, which there is a debate about the book. I must share my opinion on this matter, which is that it is freaking awesome, especially the soundtrack. Plus, Matthew Broderick was such a sweetie pie when he was little.    So yeah, all nerds, science fictions lovers, dystopia enthusiasts, and video gamers who like to read will definitely want to add this one to the to read list. Personally, I hope to see more equally nerdy fiction from Cline in the future!
B001P9EQH8|5.0|I use this amplifier for the headphone output of my digital SLR. It works great and the sound quality isn't negatively affected. I like how it can clip to your shirt or other things. I hope the battery lasts a decent amount of time because it isn't replaceable.
0142407542|5.0|After falling in love with the Gruffalo, we got this book for our toddler. She loved it and reads it all the time. The original Gruffalo book is her favorite, but this one is a close second.
B003PIUC02|5.0|Andy Whitfield in this wonderful new series, is the greatest star of all time, I love him and no one can replace him, he will be back some time in the near future, God Speed Andy!
0439023521|5.0|Although this book is listed under \\"young adults\\", it is a compelling read for any adult. The characters were engaging and the storyline was fascinating. The protagonists were believable and I found myself looking for time to continue reading just to find out what happened next.
B00466HN6S|5.0|I saw this movie 3 times when it came out... I loved the story as it is about E.B. who wants to follow his passions of music rather then be the new Easter Bunny.. After falling out with his father, E.B. leaves Easter Island to Hollywood to try and see his dreams through... I thought that the movie was great as it had a great story and special effects to boot... Same thing about the young man E.B. meets up with... The father wants to push his son into a working situation that he is not happy with..  The moral of the story is to follow your dreams and to never give up on them...<br /><br />The effects blew me away.. When E.B. plays the drums, it looks so real... You forget that you are watching something that was created on a computer...<br /><br />The yellow chick that worked with the Easter Bunny got on my nerves as he works to overtake the Easter Bunny job... Other then that... A great movie for the young at heart... Bring on The Blu Ray!
B00008BXJG|5.0|It's ACDC. Highway to Hell is an amazing cd. Must have for all ACDC fans out there. Nice sound to it too.
B0057A6GA6|3.0|At first it was fun. Then it changes to you have no chance at all. Gives you almost nothing to start, but needs millions to defend.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I particular like this boxed set because, as the title to this review says, it has everything. It has the original theatrical releases, the extended editions, and all the behind the scenes shwag you could possibly want! If you liked these movies when the originally were released (especially if you're old enough to remember that!), I highly recommend this release. Besides, if you look for it anywhere else, you'll pay at least $107!
B004QMW1NM|5.0|Every once in a while a band comes along that creates a completely new sound that redefines the direction of pop music, and maybe even ultimately the zeitgeist.  This band does that, and does it damn well.  I was hooked from the first time I heard the first song.  Buy the album, NOW.
B00336G7HI|5.0|Great backup Battery, you know it fits because it's a Sony. Gives you that extra time to film when your main battery runs out.
6304981635|5.0|This was Bruce Lee's first Hollywood release (and last film). He died shortly after its release in 1973. ENTER THE DRAGON started a cultural shift in the United States; following its release, martial arts teachers were besieged by an influx of students. [[ASIN:B000X07TLA Kung Fu]] debuted on TV shortly thereafter; based on a hijacked concept of Bruce Lee's, the studio execs cast David Carradine as the hero Caine, arguing that the American public was not ready to accept a Chinese man playing a Chinese man on television. As it turned out, Lee's death made their racist stupidity moot for the time.<br /><br />Americans of all stripes embraced the artistry of martial arts and many turned to Zen and other Eastern philosophies. Although the \\"craze\\" phase is long over, it helped legitimize a substantial body of serious students of the martial arts and oriental philosophies. Actors like Chuck Norris, Jackie Chan and Jet Li owe their success to Bruce Lee. Lee was also a very early exponent of healthy eating and changed many Americans' views on what constituted a \\"good\\" meal.<br /><br />ENTER THE DRAGON is remarkable as the first Hong Kong martial arts movie fully backed by American investors. It does not have the cheap quality and bad dubbing of that genre. This production quality makes it a pleasure to watch. Critics have noted its heavy debt to James Bond, particularly DR. NO.<br /><br />Bruce Lee plays Mr. Lee, a modern-day Shaolin monk recruited by MI-6 in Hong Kong to bring down a female trafficking ring run by Mr. Han who is a renegade Shaolin monk belonging to Lee's Order. Han has a detachable iron hand which he switches out for a razor claw when the need arises. Han lives on a self-contained island lying fuzzily astride the British and Red Chinese jurisdictions. Every few years he has a martial arts tournament on the island, to which Lee wangles an invitation.<br /><br />The middle portion of the film focuses less on Bruce Lee and more on his competitors. There is much splendid martial arts talent exhibited in the film.<br /><br />Not unexpectedly, when Lee himself is thrown into combat, his skills amaze---and they do, even to this day. Bruce Lee's moves are lightning fast. He was clocked at delivering a double punch in 1/500th of a second, and could snatch a quarter from an open palm, replacing it with a penny, before that person could make a fist. Often the film speed had to be slowed to allow for adequate viewing of his moves. Lee, physically, was impressive, slender, compact man with wiry muscles and fearsome coordination. In real no-holds-barred combat he would undoubtedly have been a lethal adversary. In the film, of course, he is, but even allowing for movie magic, the man's talent is simply overwhelming.<br /><br />A film decreed \\"culturally significant,\\" this should be in your collection if you are a student of the East, a cinemaphile, or are fond of action films. Even if that isn't your cup of green tea give ENTER THE DRAGON a watch if only to see Bruce Lee at the height of his powers.t exhibited in the film.     Not unexpectedly, when Lee himself is thrown into combat, his skills amaze---and they do, even to this day. Bruce Lee's moves are lightning fast. He was clocked at delivering a double punch in 1/500th of a second, and could snatch a quarter from an open palm, replacing it with a penny, before that person could make a fist. Often the film speed had to be slowed to allow for adequate viewing of his moves. Lee, physically, was impressive, slender, compact man with wiry muscles and fearsome coordination. In real no-holds-barred combat he would undoubtedly have been a lethal adversary. In the film, of course, he is, but even allowing for movie magic, the man's talent is simply overwhelming.      A film decreed \\"culturally significant,\\" this should be in your collection if you are a student of the East, a cinemaphile, or are fond of action films. Even if that isn't your cup of green tea give ENTER THE DRAGON a watch if only to see Bruce Lee at the height of his powers.
0345528581|5.0|I'm a PhD student in Computer Science. Needless to say my day consists of sitting in a chair for more than 8 hours a day. This takes a toll on your body and eventually working out doesn't help enough. The suggestion by some is to do different sports, but I didn't have a lot of time.    Well apparently this book has been fixing me with a minimal time investment. The workouts are interesting and don't leave me bored. And, my body feels more alive for the entire day after doing them. My awareness of my own body has increased as a result.     I highly suggest you try this book if you need exercise but have limited time.
B000001FFR|4.0|Spreading The Disease is often regarded in tandem with this albums follow-up Among The Living as the pinnacle of the Anthrax lexicon.  It is quite a drastic maturation from their debut Fistful of Metal, with the biggest most visible change coming with the addition of vocalist Joey Belladonna, and thus beginning his classic era with the band.  In my estimation 'Thrax gained alot of ground in dropping Neil Turbin and his hollow wails, he was one (among many) problems that plagued their debut.  The songwriting is leagues above what was present on the debut as well.  \\"A.I.R\\" and \\"Lone Justice\\" is a classic 1-2 punch from hell starting the album off in a classic fashion.  \\"Madhouse\\" was the hit single, with a banned MTV video to accompany it, a well known Antrax track, and a decent one at that.  Other vintage cuts include the closer \\"Gung-Ho\\", an all out thrash attack (Charlie Benante is quite the drummer).  \\"Armed And Dangerous\\" is included from the E.P. of the same name that is nestled in between their debut and Spreading The Disease.  \\"S.S.C/Stand or Fall\\" and \\"The Enemy\\" showcase what made early Anthrax so good, catchy vocal and guitar lines working in unison.  This album is not perfect, but early thrash is better this way, messy, gang vox, attitude driven fury.  I can't think of a reason why aspiring thrash fans would be sane not to have this in their collection.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|It took some time to set this app up.  At first I didn't think it was going to work at all but gave it some time and worked with the options.  Forca is the reporting agency to use, at least for my area, and hard inputting the zip code in seems to work well rather than using gps.<br /><br />Once the app is initialized, it is the best weather app available.  I've removed all others and contrary to my normal usage I'm actually using the widget.<br /><br />If you've tried it and had issues I really recommend you try again.  Once working this app is really outstanding.
0375842209|5.0|I love love love this book. It is definitely one of my favorite books and best piece of modern literature.
1416550542|5.0|I have not gotten to the end yet, but I am hoping that this book continues to be a beautifully written and captivating story that I can hand off to my 10-yr-old. Many characters are introduced and each is constructed with complex layers. Her details and depictions of different time periods and places are so vivid that I can't wait to visit each new place every time I pick up this book. I'll update when complete. So far, completely rapt.
0634049011|5.0|I've been playing guitar for around 19 years.  Like many, I just played by year, learned songs, etc.  I never really took the time to learn correctly, i.e. scales, notes.  I'm very technically proficient, but never really knew what I was doing, and played from memory.      Anyways, this book is great.  I can now name every note on the guitar very quickly.  I've learned the major scale in every position. I'm not through the entire book, but so far it has been great, and I've already recommended it to several friends.    Stop reading reviews, and just buy it ;)
B004SHED22|5.0|I've always enjoyed reading books about the WWII era, and especially ones that center around the lives of women, because they show great resilience and courage in the face of what most of us can't even imagine.  I found Sarah's Key to be sad on the one hand, but freeing on the other as the book moves back and forth from 1942 to the present.    Enough of the previous reviews have told the basic story of Sarah's family that I won't repeat it again here, but will say that until I read this book, I had never heard of the roundup of Jewish people in France in 1942.  I was surprised that it was such an obscure event in history, since so many were rounded up, and worse, with the aid of French authorities, were kept in the Velodrome d'Hiver until they were transported ultimately to Auschwitz.  It isn't a secret anymore.  Books like this and the people they are about always stay with me, whether they are fiction or non-fiction, and this one has done the same.    Tatiana de Rosnay wrote in such a way that she captured my feelings for little Sarah and her whole family.  To be rounded up and headed out like cattle is infuriating and that it really happened is worse.  Sarah's intentions were so pure, that I felt so badly for her and her family.    The book goes forward in time to the present day and we meet American writer Julia Jarmond, who is living in France and who is married to a Frenchman.  She delves into the history of the 1942 event and then starts looking into her husband's family and before she knows it, his family and Sarah's story become intertwined.    It is a fascinating story from beginning to end.  For anyone who likes books that are written about that time period, then you should like this one.  I know there is a movie being made, and I probably will see it, but movies from books are usually not as good as the book.  I'm glad I read the book first.
0780619587|5.0|New product received as promised unopened and in original wrapping. Excellent quality and excellent service.  I would recommend.  Very satisfied.
0143118757|4.0|The seminal text in negotiation theory, Getting to Yes, is outdated. The approach to negotiation that is suggested by GTY, sometimes called \\"collaborative bargaining,\\" achieves sub-optimal results, as does the more traditional \\"tactical bargaining\\" approach.     In the generation since its original publication, some of the core assumptions of GTY have been superseded by the findings of behavioral economics (a field that did not exist when GTY was first published) and game theory. Scholarship in both fields provides direction toward a more effective approach to negotiation than that described in GTY or that suggested by \\"tactical\\" bargainers.     Behavioral economics and game theory suggest that a model of negotiation in which the parties self-consciously adopt the roles of advocates is more efficient and effective than the model suggested by GTY.     GTY recommends that negotiators insist upon \\"objective criteria.\\" Behavioral economics demonstrates, however that there are no \\"objective criteria.\\" If such criteria did exist, negotiation would be either unnecessary or impossible.     Decisions in negotiation are determined not by objective criteria, but by cognitive frames of reference adopted by the parties. Parties' \\"frames\\" are a function of variety of factors that can be rational, a-rational or irrational. For example: A party's reference frame may be chosen based upon its vividness, its simplicity, its familiarity, it accessibility or its fit with various heuristic devices employed by the party, by the characterization of the outcome of negotiation in terms of gains or losses, or by \\"anchors\\" that are set in the course of negotiation and by the way in which the party's personal \\"accounting system\\" classifies gain and losses during the negotiation process.     Persuasion is, in large part, the art of \\"framing\\" a discussion. Effective persuasion employs the learning of behavioral economics as well as rhetorical skill to promote a particular reference frame.     Getting to Yes thus underestimates the role of persuasion in negotiation. A program for maximizing the effectiveness of negotiators would thus emphasize the development of persuasive skills.     GTY recommends a rejection of \\"tactical bargaining\\" in favor of a strategy that \\"invents options for mutual gains.\\" In other words, \\"expanding the pie.\\"     Game theory suggests that the wholesale rejection of tactical bargaining is inappropriate. In some negotiations, it is impossible to expand the pie. Even in negotiations where \\"expanding the pie\\" is possible, the parties must eventually divide the expanded pie. So, every negotiation will encounter a stage of \\"zero sum\\" negotiation in which tactical bargaining is necessary to seize the \\"largest piece of pie.\\"     We therefore suggest an advocacy model of negotiation that relies upon techniques of persuasion grounded in behavioral economics as a more effective approach to negotiation. We also suggest a strategic approach to negotiation based upon game theory that allows the negotiator to optimize his/her strategy at any given point in negotiations.
B004T5R2HQ|4.0|UPDATE Oct 3, 2011<br />(original review below)<br /><br />With help from the developer, I discovered my (Amazon's) version wasn't the most up to date build.  Amazon should indicate what build number they are offering, but it's not in their details.  The [Amazon] version I installed was v1.1.2 build 20101126.  The most recent is 1.2.2, build 20110823.  The later version has a \\"use system camera\\" option that would have solved the problem described in my original review.  Amazon, not having the latest rev, didn't offer an update.  Then I tried to update via Android Market, but it failed with a message like \\"incorrect backpage signature\\".<br /><br />So I uninstalled the app, then went to Android Market to downloaded & re-install.<br /><br />Now the app works perfectly.  I'd give it 5 stars if this Amazon kept the version up to date.<br /><br />I recommend the app, but only from Android Market since either the developer and/or Amazon don't seem as keen on keeping the Amaazon version as up-to-date.<br /><br />-------------------------------<br />Original review:<br />When it works, i really like this app.  But it seems to cause an issue with my camera - causing not to auto focus properly.  Problem seems intermittent.  If the fix this, I'll gladly pay for it.<br /><br />Droid2 Global
B002MQYOFW|5.0|LOVE this book! I'm a makeup artist and would kill to be on the makeup team for the upcoming movies. I look forward to what team Ve come up with!<br /><br />I couldn't put the book down, it was gruesome at points, but not nearly as gross as I thought parts would be.  I read in 2 days and if I could keep my eyes open through the night it would have been done in 1 day!
B003ZSJ212|2.0|I have the Letterbox VHS, the special editions and the definitive original trilogy on LaserDisc, all the DVD versions  - including the orginal trilogy special editions that were supposed to be unaltered - but for some stupid reason they didn't bother to format it for 16x9 TVs. So when I watch it on my 106\\" screen I can either lose half the picture size by displaying a 4x3 projection that is letterboxed, or I can blow it up, which will display across the entire screen at the proper ratio - but is grainy  from being blown up and you are unable to the second line of dialogue in translations. I just want the ORIGINAL trilogy in the best quality possible! Want to charge me twice as much or three times as much? Fine!I'm willing to pay up to $500 for a completely remastered ORIGINAL trilogy in BluRay. Just give me the freaking option George. From a film buff perspective alone, which you professed to being when you testified in congress against Ted Turner for colorizing B&W films - give the fans what they have been asking for. It isn't a secret what would make us happy. I'm done buying another altered version. I'll get it on netflix, but I am tired of spending my money for things that aren't what the very vocal fans have asked for time and again. I would probably even purchase this one if the orignal ones were available at the same time; because then it would come across as \\"check out what else I've done with these\\" Instead of \\"Screw you! I know I built my empire off of yours and your parents hard earned money for over 3 decades but I am not about to make you happy by allowing you to spend more money on what you really want.\\" No thanks George - screw you!
B004X0XA82|4.0|This is an album that certainly rewards repeat listening---when I first heard it, I certainly wasn't as immediately arrested by its sound as I was by Fleet Foxes' previous efforts.  However, after a few listens you'll start noticing the interesting musical features of many of the songs here:  the spacey tonal shift of Helplessness Blues, the insistent, strummed undercurrents of Montezuma that crest in the later parts of the song, and so on.  That's good stuff, and if it were any band other than Fleet Foxes, I'd just be thrilled to have it.    However, Fleet Foxes' previous work was so surpassingly brilliant that this album ultimately just feels lackluster.  What it comes down to, for me, is the poetics of the songs here.  Many are lauding the album for its increased \\"introspectiveness,\\" which is certainly present in spades here.  Most of the songs feel as though they were written about the singer, his woes, wonderings and such.  All songs have some sort of autobiographical element to them, of course; but one of the incredibly refreshing features of their earlier work was that it didn't incessantly prattle on about all the trite soul-searching of the people who wrote it.  It accomplished its deeply human effects much more through folk themes and suggestive storytelling (as in my personal favorites by them, \\"Tiger Mountain Peasant Song\\" and \\"Blue Ridge Mountains\\").  The problem with so much indie music is that it feels like an \\"Existentialism for Dummies\\" course all told in only a slightly different way.  Fleet Foxes really pushed against that grain in their previous work, and I was sad to see them fall into the indie \\"oh me\\" mode here, certainly in terms of their lyrics, and marginally in terms of the music backing it.  Oddly enough, their previous work inspired more introspection and feeling in listeners because it wasn't so awkwardly self referential.    Ironically, some of the songs seem to acknowledge their lack of inspiration and to take that lack as inspiration, which is heart-rending in a sense, and almost interesting.  The title track feels like an anthem directed to Fleet Foxes' listeners, promising something more insightful later, when they've got this sophomoric angst out of their system (\\"... serving something beyond me.  But I don't know what that will be; I'll get back to you someday soon you'll see\\").  And I certainly will keep them, and even this album, on the shelf; but I do hope they find their orchard next time around.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Sucks don't pay for this application. The gps does not see where I am so what's the point of this app.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|Community is a hilarious show about the lives of seven students at a community college. What makes this DVD set worth purchasing are the amount of extras included. There is commentary which are also very amusing for every episode and four different sets of outtakes. Also included are videos with Dan Harmon interviewing each of the actors and other behind the scenes videos. This DVD set is a good purchase just for the extras let alone the episodes.
1601251505|5.0|The Pathfinder game is extremely fun.  It takes the rules of DnD 3.5 and builds upon them so you get role playing fun in a great fantasy setting.  If you are into fantasy role play, then this is a must!
B0036EH40Q|3.0|I have long felt that this was one of the greatest westerns ever made, an incredibly delivered story with amazing acting by all involved.  Yes, Kilmer's Doc Holiday almost steals the movie but, never the less, a wonderful film.  However, I wound up returning the Blu Ray disc simply because I wanted the whole film, not a cut version of it.  The Standard Definition film with the full 135 minutes still retains excellent video and audio quality and I would rather have the entire version than a Reader's Digest Condensed version.  Should they come out with the Directors cut on Blu Ray with the movie intact, then that is the one I will buy.<br />All my movie reviews are of this nature and focus only on the quality of the transfer to BluRay so check them and see if they are of help as well.<br />Hopefully, this review has been of some help to you in determining your purchase, hope I am on the correct path with a review of the transfer quality as opposed to providing plot summaries.<br />Thanks
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Excellent work, it aware the public of the ignorance and danger of consuming genetically modified food. Consumers do not have rights to know what chemicals, antibiotics, hormones and toxins are added to the food they are eating, neither the extreme dangers it represents to our health. The documentary is very informative. I showed it as part of a Law Class, the students where outraged by the information discovered through the movie, a must see!
1401907725|5.0|These angel cards are well worth it.  I look forward to them every morning and somehow they always seem to be an appropriate theme for the day.  The messages are always positive and encouraging, not guilt inducing.  They are pretty, they are brief and give you something good to ponder throughout the day.
B000E5N6LG|5.0|This was a fantastic addition to my collection.  I am normally a sci-fi/horror fan. There are however some westerns that I really enjoy, and this is one of them.  I purchased this item through Amazon.  I really meant to give it a 5-star rating when it came in and looked at it.  Being new to this, I made a mistake and gave   it a 3-star.
1609611543|4.0|I've been doing some form of low carb for the last four years to keep my weight in a good BMI range, and it's the only diet method that works for me. Some methods like the Dukan Diet are lenient about bread consumption when you've reached your target weight range, but then I go for the two allowed slices of whole wheat bread a day and the needle on the scale goes a bit higher & I'm less vigilant then I wish during the stabilization phase.    So for those who know they look better when they go cold turkey on wheat and want to keep their weight down, reading WHEAT BELLY is like meeting a stern guardian angel encouraging you to stay away from sandwiches, pasta, pizza, etc... The recipes are very good (I have tried the two spinach salads, flaxseed cereals, smoothies and zucchini \\"pasta\\") and I hope the success of this book will encourage the publishers to commission a follow up cookbook from Dr. Davis. I also appreciate that the yield of the recipes are not too big -- most are for two servings-- that takes into account the smaller households of most Americans, and the quicker I finish something, the more I want to move on to another recipe in the book. Bravo.
0736092269|3.0|Pros:  Great detailed Illustrations for every exercise  Specifies exactly what muscles are used for each exercise (lists most muscles on the side with arrows pointing to where they are on the body, and if they're bolded you use them)   Decent tips on form   Describes the exact motion and how your body responds to the exercise for about one exercise per group    Cons:  About 20 exercises per muscle group      This book lists only a few basic exercises but goes into great detail for what it does have. If you're just starting an exercise program or wanting to understand how your body reacts to basic exercises I would recommend this book.  If your using this book to write workout programs I wouldn't waste the money.  A much better one would be Bill Pearl's Guide to the Inner Universe (horrible title I know). It has over 100 exercises for most muscle groups, it just doesn't go as in depth as this one. Its from the 80's (so i wouldn't use the nutritional information) but as long as you use common sense when you choose the exercises you should be fine.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I don't understand the negative reviews. Interface is perfect. All the info I wanted. Very customizable. Has a beautiful simplicity to the design.
014241722X|1.0|This book was a pick for my book study group and I looked forward to reading a fast-paced, suspenseful thriller written for middle-graders.  You know, a classic John Grisham for the younger crowd.<br /><br />This book is horrible from the first page.  Other reviewers have said that Grisham should have set this in another century and I couldn't agree more.  The setting, the people and the dialogue all read more like a 1950's small town rather than a 21st century situation.<br /><br />Theodore's dialogue is completely unbelievable.  What 13 year old boy won't admit he likes girls?  There's no difference in the voice of Theodore and the voice of his lawyer parents.  There's nothing about Theo that seems like a teen boy.  He also is not very likeable.  He strikes me like a know-it-all, holier than thou putz.  And his reverance for lawyers and the judge - give it a rest.  Is there a single teenager in the country who is practically orgasmic while watching the judge at work in a murder trial?  The plot, the characters, the dialogue are so unbelievable as to be annoying.  I only dedicated the time to read beyond page 20 because it was homework for my book study group.<br /><br />The storytelling was atrocious.  But perhaps worse - and something that tweaked me to no end - the law stuff is terrible too.  Not only am I a lawyer, I'm a divorce lawyer so I can say with some authority that Grisham's take on the custody matter is so wrong, it hurts to read it.  Now playing fast and loose with reality is fine in fiction a lot of the time, but you get the impression that with all the information dumping going on throughout this book that Grisham is trying to educate kids about the law and the legal system.  Grisham clearly hasn't practiced law - at least not in a long time but for God's sake, do some research!  A non-lawyer could have written a more believable legal book.  I think of Stephen King's book \\"Bag of Bones.\\"  In that book, King wove a wonderful story and he got the law and the legal system right/believable.<br /><br />It's so disappointing that this horrible book even got published when so many excellent books don't make it to publication b/c publishers know they can sell Grisham - even a stink bomb like this one - just because his name is on it but won't publish better books with unknown or lesser known authors.<br /><br />Grisham should stick to writing books for adults.ht/believable.        It's so disappointing that this horrible book even got published when so many excellent books don't make it to publication b/c publishers know they can sell Grisham - even a stink bomb like this one - just because his name is on it but won't publish better books with unknown or lesser known authors.    Grisham should stick to writing books for adults.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|the weather was completely wrong, even manually updating it said it was raining when it wasn't even cloudy. Completely drained my battery in half a day.
B00004R99F|5.0|I loved this movie when I was a kid and recently ordered it on DVD for a keepsake and for my nieces to watch. I'll never get sick of it! Great sing a long too.
B004LWZVZM|5.0|OK, almost everyone knows that John Wilkes Booth shot President Lincoln as he sat in Ford's Theatre.  But fewer people know that there were also assassinations planned for Vice-president Andrew Johnson and Secretary of State William Seward at the same time, and even fewer people know how quickly the government arrested a handful of conspirators including a woman, Mary Surrat, whose 'crime' seemed to be that she owned the boarding-house where Booth and his cronies, including Mrs. Surrat's own son, met to plan their crimes.  THE CONSPIRATOR is the true story of Mrs. Surrat's legal ordeal and her trial before a military tribunal while the nation (at least the Northern states) grieved the loss of its leader and demanded vengeance, masquerading as 'justice,' for this heinous act of terror.    Directed by Robert Redford and starring Robin Wright as Mary Surrat and James MacAvoy as her inexperienced defense attorney, THE CONSPIRATOR is a compelling historical drama with poignant undertones that continue to sound throughout our legal system and our national psyche.  After our own decade of fear following an act of unspeakable terror, this remarkable film shows us how the better nature of our selves was born in the aftermath of a national blood lust.  Compellingly watchable, this is a film that will raise questions long after the final fade-to-black and confronts us with a piece of our history that still resonates in our 9-11 world.      The collector's edition, the one you should buy, contains extras that enhance the viewing experience, and make a remarkable piece of work truly compelling.  THE CONSPIRATOR pays attention to period details that strengthen the story, but is careful to let that story unfold at its own pace without chest-thumping or finger-pointing.  So buy this, watch it, and talk about it with your friends.  You'll learn a little about our own history, but even more importantly, you'll also learn more about who we are as Americans and the principles we live by.  That's a lot for one film to promise; but trust me:  THE CONSPIRATOR delivers.
0439023513|3.0|So after reading all three of these books in the series, I have determined that overall these weren't bad stories but they were sort of sensational and a little \\"girly\\" for my taste. I felt like I was watching a reality show, which I do not consider to be a good attribute. Overall these are well written, and somewhat interesting, though Mockingjay was my least favorite of the 3.
159420229X|1.0|The most important aspect of any book is its ability to hold the reader's attention. Some writers can make anything interesting. What comes to mind is the late Barbara Tuchman (A Distant Mirror), who could make history jump off the page, or Oliver Sacks (The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat), whose stories about brain injuries are unforgettable. So let me get right down to brass tacks: Joshua Foer is no Oliver Sacks. Moonwalking With Einstein was boring and I would have thrown it in the garbage after page 40 but for a well-intentioned friend at my health club who swore that it would get better. He was mistaken.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, I think the subject of memory is fascinating. Just not the way Foer tells it. And to be fair, he did occasionally succeed in holding my attention, as when he describes a poor soul with amnesia whose brain was eaten by parasites. But most of the book consists of Foer's attempt to win a goofy memory contest in the Con Edison building, of all places. Now I understand that Foer went to Yale and his brother went to Princeton, but I'm sorry to say, \\"Who cares?\\" Foer seems to think that I should care. This is a geek who really believes that you and I ought to be knocked out by his tales of getting drunk with other geeks. At one point where I dozed off, Foer writes: \\"I found myself fascinated by Ed and his quiet friend Lukas, and...they likewise seemed fascinated with me, a journalist of roughly the same age, who might share their story in some magazine they'd never heard of, and perhaps jump-start their careers as mnemonic celebrities. After Ed's lecture at the high school, he invited me to follow him and Lukas to a nearby bar...\\" I woke up an hour later and couldn't even remember where I was.<br /><br />Now let's talk about style. Foer seems to think that good writing is what happens when you cram each page of your book with a multitude of facts, people, and places. I'm guessing that he was too busy memorizing decks of cards and other trivia and never had time to read Barbara Tuchman. She provided useful content with captivating stories, saving esoteric references for the back of the manuscript. For all the talk about memory, Moonwalking teaches us very little and, as I've pointed out, Foer's stories are banal. Plus he is expert at using the kind of cute language you can find in Newsweek. A suburban street is a \\"leafy cul-de-sac.\\" A party is designed to be \\"maximally memorable.\\" Method Acting is \\"a technique for giving a line more associational hooks to hang on by embedding it in a context of both emotional and physical cues.\\" What?<br /><br />Adding insult to injury, after 250 pages of talking up the importance of memory training, Foer confesses at the conclusion that all of his work was for naught because he still can't remember where he put his car keys. Why didn't you say so in the first place?<br /><br />In case you think I sound angry, you're right. I feel betrayed by the publishing industry when it tries to convince me that a book like this is top-notch. Amazingly the author, who is 24 and still lives with his parents, received more than a million dollar advance for this dribble. How is that possible? Shades of Peter Sellers and Being There. \\"Oh, you went to an Ivy League college and your brother is a hot author, that's wonderful, we'll write you a nice fat check and spend a bloody fortune on publicity so the ignorant masses will buy this crap that you've written.\\" To me, this is further evidence that the omniscient publishing industry is run by an in-crowd that suffers from a surfeit of lunchtime martinis.<br /><br />Well, at least Moonwalking was good for something. It helped me catch up on my sleep. But on the whole, this is one memory book that I'd rather forget.er trivia and never had time to read Barbara Tuchman. She provided useful content with captivating stories, saving esoteric references for the back of the manuscript. For all the talk about memory, Moonwalking teaches us very little and, as I've pointed out, Foer's stories are banal. Plus he is expert at using the kind of cute language you can find in Newsweek. A suburban street is a \\"leafy cul-de-sac.\\" A party is designed to be \\"maximally memorable.\\" Method Acting is \\"a technique for giving a line more associational hooks to hang on by embedding it in a context of both emotional and physical cues.\\" What?<br /><br />Adding insult to injury, after 250 pages of talking up the importance of memory training, Foer confesses at the conclusion that all of his work was for naught because he still can't remember where he put his car keys. Why didn't you say so in the first place?<br /><br />In case you think I sound angry, you're right. I feel betrayed by the publishing industry when it tries to convince me that a book like this is top-notch. Amazingly the author, who is 24 and still lives with his parents, received more than a million dollar advance for this dribble. How is that possible? Shades of Peter Sellers and Being There. \\"Oh, you went to an Ivy League college and your brother is a hot author, that's wonderful, we'll write you a nice fat check and spend a bloody fortune on publicity so the ignorant masses will buy this crap that you've written.\\" To me, this is further evidence that the omniscient publishing industry is run by an in-crowd that suffers from a surfeit of lunchtime martinis.<br /><br />Well, at least Moonwalking was good for something. It helped me catch up on my sleep. But on the whole, this is one memory book that I'd rather forget.
1599218011|5.0|This book changed my life. I have read similar books and understood the concepts but there was something about this author's writing that inspired me to finally make the changes I needed to make to be healthy. I feel a bit of a freak in society now because it seems that almost all events,social and business, revolve around eating junk food and drinking poison, but I feel wonderful and I look so much better, from my weight to my skin, that I am not tempted to go back to the Standard American Diet.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|The amount of info you get with this app is great for weather nerds like me. I like having the UV info, especially good for someone who has to watch their sun exposure. The radars and alerts are great. The UI doesn't always display well on my Transformer Prime; overlap of text makes it hard to read. The UI is a bit old-school, but forgivable because it is so easy to navigate.
B003XCVQ3C|1.0|it's pretty, but immediately out of the box was the finickiest cable i've ever owned.  move the computer at all while it's plugged in and the 2nd video goes out and you have to go back into settings and re-find the display.  a pain.    when it does work, though, the picture and audio quality seem top notch.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|It's just ridiculous. How many times are you going to remake the same thing? At this point, there should be a dozen star war films out there that focus on other stories. But NOOOOOO, we're subjected to seeing the same stories over and over again. Enough is enough. The first time the original trilogy was released was good... i can understand revamping them a bit, but this is stupid. The second trilogy was bad all on its own... horrible acting and horrible directing... but whatever, I'll swallow it.... but at this point, the Star Wars universe has so much more to tell on the big screen that's just dumb to recreate the same thing over and over.    OVERKILL ANYONE???    Buy this if you want to feed the corporate work dog which is Lucas Art.    Don't BUY IT and petition against this lack of creativity.      Regardless, I love star wars, but don't take advantage of my LOVE. -___-
0385512058|5.0|As an entrepreneur, this book is invaluable in detailing the important aspect of building relationships. I love the focus on creating quality mutually beneficial relationships and not simply a \\"networking\\" how-to. Must buy and interesting read in general.
0618918248|2.0|After reading the first 100 pages all I can say is wow. Not much if anything got done in those 100 pages other than Dawkins explaining his opinions on rather unimportant matters which begs the question. Why is this book so famous? What did it accomplish that hasn't been said before? Dawkins couldn't even hold Russell's jock and its obvious Dawkin's can't think on the deeper philosophical questions on his own.      It's not so much a critical analysis of God and whether or not he/she/it exists but rather Dawkin's perspective on organized religion. His philosophy is so unbelievable shallow its shocking to say the least. This is much more of personal view from Dawkins rather than a philisophical interrogation on the existance of God. The main reason this book is famous has to be because of upheaval from the religious folks in the same manner as the DaVinci Code, because this was not what I expected from a NY times bestseller called the The God Delusion.    Getting Dawkins opinion on the existince of God is the equivalent of getting hollywood actors their opinion on politics. They may have good points but more often than not they are on the outside looking in and malnourished in understanding. Dawkins is a famous person with an opinion. In todays world that can go a long way.  There are wise men out there who don't beleive in God and dawkin's isn't one of them.
B004SGWYW4|1.0|Fan Service and zombies. That's all this show is. So I suppose that any review has to cover both of them. Ladies first I guess.<br /><br />The opening titles alone has a dozen crotch and boob shots. None of them serve any purpose. Throughout the show you are constantly plastered with this given the slightest opportunity. Or even when they have to create an opportunity. The number of dialogue scenes where the camera slowly goes down to focus on their panties averages out to at least two an episode. Probably more. The worst episode by far is episode six. In it the girls all bathe together, with predictable fondling and lesbianism, while the two guys sit in the other room and talk about guns. That's the whole episode right there. Oh, except for the fact that all the girls try to sleep with the main guy. I'm assuming that they got drunk somewhere in there because they all act it after the bath. Either it's just assumed or that's just how this guy thinks girls act when they let their crazy feminine emotions out.<br /><br />This is symptomatic of the treatment of the girls in general throughout the series. All of the girls (with one exception) offer nothing but an opportunity to show off their bodies. There are four main girls. I can't be bothered to remember their names so I'll just identify them by their hair color. Pink is a total b*tch. She says she's a genius at every possible opportunity although she never demonstrates any proof of it (many of her 'facts' are wrong and the ones that are right she cannot possibly know), and she enjoys belittling people for it. The blonde girl is a complete bimbo. She's the school nurse but she has giant breasts and the IQ of a five year old. She never speaks except to whine or fawn all over the main character who is I might point out, actually an underage student. I suspect she works at a high school for a very specific reason... Brown hair is also obnoxious and likes to go on about how great the guy's friend was even though he's still traumatized from killing him. At one point she's thrown from a car and she just lies there for at least 3-4 hours (it goes from midday to sunset) while everyone else protects her. She's not hurt or anything, she just gets up and walks it off. Naturally she's the main love interest. The last girl is purple haired and she's the only semi-good one. She's a master with swords and genuinely loves killing zombies. Her competence and professionalism do not prevent her from being used as yet another sex doll for them to display. It is made quite clear that even the competent girl can do nothing without a guy to lead her. More than that the girls cannot think for themselves and constantly put everyone's lives in danger because of their uncontrolled emotions and lusts. It really is a disgustingly misogynistic and exploitative show.<br /><br />So now the zombies. Zombies are cool right? How can they mess them up? Well first off they never call them zombies. They seem to think this makes them realistic somehow. Secondly they bind them with stupid rules and then constantly break them. These zombies are cannot see, smell or touch. The only sense they have is hearing. Sounds interesting right? So naturally they'll be quiet and sneak around to prevent the zombies from hearing them. Except they don't. They run around screaming with zombies all around ignoring them and then one of them will bump into a pole, or drop a bat, or the wind in the trees will make noise and suddenly the zombies are attacking them everywhere. I want you to think hard about that last one. The wind in the trees attracted the zombies. THE WIND IN THE FRIGGIN' TREES!!!!!! So having established by the second episode that zombies need sound to hunt they then proceed to ignore it until it is convenient to the show for them to be in danger. How can there be any actual sense of danger when they ignore their own rules when it's convenient?<br /><br />The two guys are there too. That's really all that can be said ofthem. The main guy is basically how the author views the perfect guy to be. He has no real flaws and is fawned over to an obscene degree by all the women. The other guy is a fat nerd and a gun buff. He's probably the most interesting character there since he's extremely competent at one thing and enjoys it immensely. Naturally he's treated with nothing but contempt by all the girls who are nothing if not superficial.<br /><br />So, the good things...<br />...<br />...<br />I'm drawing a blank here. I suppose that technically it's an impressive film. The animation is quite good and the character designs aren't that bad. The main theme's pretty catchy too. Apart from that zip. Zilch. Nada. This show has no redeeming features whatsoever. I suppose that if you're a 12-year-old boy or can't figure out how to search for hentai on the internet this might be a good show for you.them. The main guy is basically how the author views the perfect guy to be. He has no real flaws and is fawned over to an obscene degree by all the women. The other guy is a fat nerd and a gun buff. He's probably the most interesting character there since he's extremely competent at one thing and enjoys it immensely. Naturally he's treated with nothing but contempt by all the girls who are nothing if not superficial.<br /><br />So, the good things...<br />...<br />...<br />I'm drawing a blank here. I suppose that technically it's an impressive film. The animation is quite good and the character designs aren't that bad. The main theme's pretty catchy too. Apart from that zip. Zilch. Nada. This show has no redeeming features whatsoever. I suppose that if you're a 12-year-old boy or can't figure out how to search for hentai on the internet this might be a good show for you.
B00501X6YG|5.0|This review refers not only to this Japanese version of this release, but also to the CD no matter what format you own or might want to purchase. I purchased all three versions of this miraculous new release (including the limited edition box set) and have not taken it out of my CD player since!<br /><br />I was hesitant to even consider listening to YES without Jon Anderson, but then remembered the Drama album from 1980 with Trevor Horn who not only sang on the Drama album but also produced the 90125 release. What was ironic about my decision to give it a listen was that I have no prior knowledge that not only Trevor Horn would produce this masterpiece, but Geoffrey Downes who also played keyboards on Drama was recruited to join YES again.<br /><br />The song, \\"Fly From Here\\" is an epic done in several parts and was written in 1980 and never used by YES at that time. If you want to hear a rough live version of this song listen to, \\"The word is YES\\", (a three CD live set).<br /><br />The new polished version has Trevor Horn written all over it not only as the producer, but David Benoit's vocals have a distinct hint of a Trevor Horn influence. The band has once again been reborn and the reviews and sales are climbing all the time. After ten years YES has found the magic once again to create a work of art which has some comparisons to Drama, but can stand on it's own as the first featuring the new vocalist who has filled the Jon Anderson slot with grace and gives us YES fans hope that this band can and will live on!<br /><br />My only complaint is that the Japanese version has only one track which is the extended version of, \\"Hour of Need\\", which in itself was worth the extra money for me. It does not have an extra track that was not included on the Drama album as Amazon has indicated here.<br /><br />Whatever version you might purchase I think you will find that YES still has what it takes after 40 years to WOW it's fans and lets us know that great music can still be made it an age where record company marketing is driven by mindless drivel by new bands that have no concept of what real progressive rock is!<br /><br />YES YES.... YES YES... YES YES....arketing is driven by mindless drivel by new bands that have no concept of what real progressive rock is!      YES YES.... YES YES... YES YES....
0553801473|2.0|Was not as good as first six books. Seem like done in a hurry lots of good charaters the evil one left and lots of situations left dangeling. I feel it did not measure up to first six books which where so riviting and good. My husban is haveing eye surgery by the Va they already blind him in his left. He has<br />to have surgery on his right  iguess hes afraid they are going to complete the job  but he want to read this book beforit was done and if it turns out its the last book he can read it just wasent what he wanted if its the last .Itjust was a jumble and disappointment.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|This is the first movie I went to see at the Theaters \\"Twice\\" since Terminator 2 back in 1992, and that is saying ALOT, as I go to the movie's often!  This movie has everything you can ask for in a super hero film; Action, adventure, a GREAT story, awesome special effects, some sweet azz-kicking, and twist and turns that will keep you on the edge of your seat!         After seeing this at the theater for the first time, I brought the rest of my family to see it the second time I went. From there I Pre-Ordered this Blu-Ray/DVD, my older brother Pre-Ordered, and my fiance Pre-Ordered! 3 separate copies! This has never happened in my family, as we are not all that big on buying movies for home.            Superman 1 and 2 with Christopher Reeves are my all time FAV Superhero movies (I watch them religiously), and this one goes right up there with them (wow, I never thought I'd say that!)!  Chris Hemsworth (Thor) has everything you want your Superhero to have; he's Charming, smiling, cocky & friendly, charismatic, and confident.  You don't get this from many actors these days, especially actors playing the roll of a superhero.          There is really not much you can say in a review before you start spoiling the movie for others, so I'm gonna leave it as is and just say...        GET THIS MOVIE!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED!!!  :)
0811875555|5.0|A great book! Plenty of beautiful images and hey you get to look at sketches from Glen Keane what else do you want?
B003XRDYX2|3.0|Please don't get me wrong; the music in this box is the music that helped shape my life, and many millions of others' as well. And the packaging is very attractive; I certainly appreciate that.  But if I am going to shell out nearly one hundred dollars for such a package, I frankly expect examplary sound.  I bought the SACD set when it was released and not only did it have VERY attractive packaging, the sound was such an improvement over any previous releases that it just blew me away.    So, here's the rub.  As it turned out, the SACD version of Another Side of Bob Dylan was issued in mono.  It sounded fantastic, so naturally I expected this version, and all the other mono releases in this box, to sound the same.  Oh, was I disappointed.  I A/Bd the mono SACD release and the new mono box release, and the difference is alarming.  Of course, these days we hear little of DSD and SACD, but still, the art of digital mastering moves forward, not backward, and this 2010 release should sound every bit as good, or better, than a 2003 release.  There is no excuse for the difference in sound quality.  Obviously, much greater care was taken with the SACD release than with these mono releases.  At the time, that Bob Dylan SACD box set was considered a showcase for showing off the superiority of the SACD format, and I think great care was taken to make it sound as good as possible.  I know how good mono can sound (the SACD Another Side proved that) and sadly, this box doesn't even come close to capturing what is there.  I was hoping to have a great version of those releases that weren't included in the SACD box set, namely Bob Dylan and The Times They Are A Changing.      So, for me, I'll just have to display my box set on the shelf, so at least I can get some enjoyment from looking at it.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This is a great game.  Works great on my tablet.  It's a game you can sit down and actually look for a solution rather than throwing a bird again and hoping it hits in the right spot. This is definitely a game you need to show your Apple friends since they won't be able experience.
B0051QO4QY|5.0|Lady Gaga's Born This Way Album is one of the best of this year. Every song sends it's own message and they're all able to move to.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|If this wasn't a first novel for this author, I would be purchasing everything written by him!  What a delightfully enjoyable well written page turner that I completed in one all night session.   Great story; heart breaking and heart warming at the same time and a testament to the human spirit!  Thanks for the ride. :)
1582406723|4.0|I finished reading this back around April of this year. It is not exactly like the television version with the same name. Though it starts out like it does in the show, it goes a completely different way by the 2nd volume.<br /><br />However, this is an amazing graphic novel series! Kirkman did a fascinating job with the way he spent time focusing on the characters rather than the undead. It's not the type of read for just anyone, but it really is worth a read, once.<br /><br />I feel if you already have seen the show or haven't yet and wish to, then you should pick up a copy because it'll help fill in those gaps or answer questions that the show hasn't yet. It surely helped make sense as to HOW everything played out; where as in the show they kind of went a different route that from what I've read in articles and seen on the preview for the new season, they are going back to the comic series story line.<br /><br />So now is a good time to jump on the bandwagon for the graphic novel series.<br /><br />[...]
B0055V6EZE|4.0|I was able to purchase this in a store before it was made available on Amazon. I have to admit that my expectations weren't high although I am a huge fan of Hugh Laurie. So I was surprised by the strong points of this one...and there ARE indeed some very solid aspects to this CD.<br /><br />But first...the largest objection... Laurie's voice. Admittedly, it won't be to everyone's taste but I found it to have an emotional depth that surprised me. As Laurie himself notes in the liner notes, \\"why listen to an actor's music?\\" He doesn't pretend to be anything other than \\"a white, middle-class Englishman\\" one who is  \\"openly trespassing on the music and myth of the American south.\\" So there you have it. He clearly loves the music and is trying to share his pleasure with listeners. I think he succeeds.<br /><br />But what about the music? As soon as I heard the intro to \\"St James Infirmary\\" I was hooked. The intro is deep and resonant, nicely arranged and conducted by Allen Toussaint. Whether you like Laurie's voice or not, the horn arrangements by Allen Toussaint on this CD (St James Infirmary, Tipitina and Buddy Bolden's Blues) are breath-taking. And I do like Laurie's voice.<br /><br />Then there are special guests such as Irma Thomas, Dr. John, Brian \\"Breeze\\" Cayolle, and Sir Tom Jones. If for no other reason, their vocals, Toussaint's involvement, and Cayolle's sax playing make this one worth buying.<br /><br />But I think Laurie himself is also worth purchasing the CD. He deserves credit for making a bold move and throwing himself wholeheartedly into this compilation. While other reviewers have complained about his voice, I don't find it distracting. There is so much more to the CD than just \\"an actor's music.\\" Give it a try and see for yourself.
0061537934|5.0|I was inspired to read this book because I read a quote from it on Facebook.  What a beautiful heart-warming, inspiring, emotional, feel-sad, feel-good book!   I cried, I laughed out loud, I smiled, I FELT!  I gained insight.  Thank you, Enzo and Garth Stein.  : )
073937771X|5.0|A must read for all who've read the first two books. I'd read a number of comments that described the book to be a little slow in some parts. Wasn't for me though. I started and kept reading, until I hit page 602. A great book!<br />This particular book, however, has a really large font, something you might wanna make note of before buying.
B000026I8U|5.0|Spark some delicious ganja and listen to this CD from start to finish ~ it will take you on a wonderful journey!  If you like chill ~ mellow ~ Latin ~ Spanish ~ reggae ~ music of Life ~ then definitely listen to this album!
B000KIPT30|5.0|I've owned and used this for a few years now without failure or flaw.  The pots all still work without adding noise, and in general the device does exactly what I need it to do.  You won't find a better deal than this on a basic headphone amp/mixer.
1608191664|4.0|This book is an easy read, however, to accomplish this the author supports his arguments with broad statements and sweeping assumptions and generalizations instead of with detailed facts or scholarly analysis. Frankly, detailed facts and scholarly analysis would be quite boring, so overall I liked this book the way it is.
B005HSL626|3.0|Not much to the game, slice fruit with a swipe of your finger. Eazy for anyone to succeed. Kid recommended.
0300169787|5.0|This book is lovely, and the text is very well written, informative, and interesting.  I gained a new perspective on a designer that I had great respect for, but didn't entirely understand.  The price makes this book a must for anyone interested in fashion or art.  You have no excuse not to buy it for yourself and/or a fashion-y friend.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Downloaded, installed, placed several widgets... no information is served. In Atlanta, full 3G, tried both GPS and zip.   Doesn't work.
B0053ZOQMK|5.0|My boys, my parents, and me absolutely adored this movie!!!  It did, however, take the second time around for me to truly enjoy it...I guess I had a delayed response!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|First, just another way to make more money.  Next year or two will be the all new-3D versions of the movies on Blu-ray.<br />Second, the continual addition of content: NNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  WHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYY!<br />Third, instead of continually \\"updating\\" the filem, its time for a Star Wars re-boot. Justin Bieber as Luke Skywalker!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|George Lucas is to Star Wars as what Michael Jackson was to his face.    Order canceled.  I was on the fence about getting this, but after another round of changes and edits these are no longer the films I enjoy.
0553801473|4.0|I agree with many of the other reviews that this deviates from the first three books but regardless, I was still a huge fan of it. It just didn't seem like many of the story lines REALLY progressed this book and I was disappointed with Bran's (although it may be going somewhere awesome?). I'll keep it short though...I really like his writing style, his characters, and the world he created and for all that, while not my favorite book, a 4/5
6305696071|5.0|\\"Pretty Woman\\" is a classic romantic comedy with a charm that lasts through the ages. The plot is loosely based off of the Greek myth of \\"Pygmalion\\" and the George Bernard Shaw play of the same name. A rich businessman (Richard Gere) hires a Hollywood prostitute (Julia Roberts) to stay with him for a week as a business partner. In the time spent together both characters discover that they share a special connection and bring out the best in each other.
B004QQWA84|5.0|This album is really cool. its pretty unique. maybe iron maiden crossed with dark tranquility crossed with blue oyster cult. it has a very classic metal feel to it. saw these guys on tour with down and they ruled so i bought the cd and the singer uno was kind enough to sign it for me. i would recomend this album to any open minded metal head. i cant believe noone reviewed this yet.
B0054N73EY|4.0|Throughout their storied career, Red Hot Chili Peppers have always seemed to be at their best with guitarist John Frusciante in the band. Steeping in after the death of key member Hillel Slovak, Frusciante injected new life into the band and saw it through its mainstream break-out, only to exit abruptly at the height of it all. The band found a way to get through the slump, drafting Jane's Addiction guitarist Dave Navarro, but things weren't quite the same until the axeman found his way home again. The late `90s saw Frusciante make a triumphant return to the band with the critical and commercial success, \\"Californication\\" and it seemed like the line-up was destined to make sweet together for decades to come.<br /><br />Unfortunately, fate had other plans and when Frusciante gave his notice in 2009, it seemed that was it for the Red Hot Chili Peppers saga. However, rather than packing it in, the band bounced back with a new guitarist, 31 year old Josh Klinghoffer, and buckled down to craft the long-awaited follow-up to 2006's double-disc \\"Stadium Arcadium\\" with superstar producer and long-time collaborator Rick Rubin once again at the helm. The fruits of their labor, simply titled \\"I'm With You,\\" finds the band starting over yet again, only this time with a sense of vigor and hunger not seen since \\"Californication.\\"<br /><br />Klinghoffer was but a toddler when the band was getting started in the early `80s which makes it all the more amazing how well he blends in with the band. Without trying to emulate Frusciante's style, he enters the fold sounding as if he's had an entire career's worth of experience with the group to fall back on (truth be told, he toured with the band for the \\"Stadium Arcadium\\" touring cycle). Granted, his style isn't as flashy as Frusciante's, nor does it drive any of the album's fourteen songs, but the stamp is most certainly there and the band sound just as good as they have in the past decade or so. Don't be surprised that Klinghoffer is pushed down a bit in the mix (don't worry, the Good Time Boys didn't pull a Metallica on the guy), though. Afterall, with Frusciante out of the picture, the band's fate lies in the hands of one of rock's best rhythm sections. With Chickenfoot drummer/Will Ferrell look-alike Chad Smith at his side, Flea steers the massive ship that is \\"I'm With You.\\" Spending some time studying music theory and learning other instruments in his downtime has helped the bassist not only breathe new life into the band's repertoire, but also to serve as the primary song-writer.<br /><br />Song for song, \\"I'm With You\\" is just as good as \\"By The Way\\" and \\"Stadium Arcadium,\\" meaning of course that it's an overall fantastic album that could have used a little trimming of the fat. The band returns to its funk roots for the opening one-two punch of \\"Monarchy of Roses\\" and \\"Factory of Faith,\\" making past attempts such as \\"Hump de Bump\\" sound feeble by comparison. These two tracks alone put to rest any worry that the band's creative spark may be tapering off any time soon. Of course, it's not long before the album gives way to balladry, but \\"Brendan's Death Song\\" is of a different breed. Hardly an \\"Under The Bridge\\" duplicate, \\"Brendan's Death Song\\" (written as a tribute to a fallen friend of the band) deals with themes of life and death as if acknowledging that the core members of the Chili Peppers are getting older and that the band itself was on the brink of death. Things don't stay murky for long, as the disco-boogie of \\"Look Around\\" and the Latin-flavored \\"Did I Let You Know\\" both pick up the pace considerably. The album almost loses its footing in the second half, but is saved at the eleventh hour by another ballad, \\"Police Station\\" and the quirky \\"Even You Brutus?\\" making the album on the whole a fun and refreshing, if slightly flawed, listen.<br /><br />Granted, Red Hot Chili Peppers circa 2011 may not be the Chili Peppers you or even your parents (!) grew up on, but the group makes a compelling case for its continued persistence so late in their career, Truly, \\"I'm With you\\" shows the band still has \\"it\\" and won't be letting any bumps in the road slow them down any time soon. Is it another \\"Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magik\\" or \\"Californication?\\" No, but it certainly isn't \\"Another Hot Minute,\\" either.persistence so late in their career, Truly, \\"I'm With you\\" shows the band still has \\"it\\" and won't be letting any bumps in the road slow them down any time soon. Is it another \\"Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magik\\" or \\"Californication?\\" No, but it certainly isn't \\"Another Hot Minute,\\" either.
B003TJ4YUQ|5.0|I can't wait for the next DVD from this group!  I would reserve the next one today if only I heard that a new one was coming!  Can't wait!  I bought 8 copies of the first one to give to all my family and friends! I suppose I need to confess that I enjoyed the previous two more but that is only because I am not as responsive to South American music.  And I can't see enough from Clarence Bekker and Titi Tsira! Though they are my favorites, I wouldn't want to miss any of this!  The new folks on this DVD make me impatient to see the discoveries in the next one!
B00008YLV2|5.0|Yo this was a great buy forsure. One of the best movies of the 21st century and its an extended edition so therefore it was beautiful. I even got a couple ladies when i purchased it who wanted to watch it with me. Great Purchase!
B004GUSG4M|5.0|This book was a page turner. It was one of those books that I just couldn't put down. S.J. Watson did a fantastic job of telling a gripping story. Wish there were more books available by this author.
B004US4K2C|5.0|I've tried them all, and this is number one. So many things to customize! It's crazy and as good as LauncherPro plus. You won't regret it! This app is easily worth 5 bucks.<br /><br />Also, look into rooting your phone and Google &quot;supercharging&quot; it. I highly recommend it and it takes away from any lag issues. Go Launcher EX runs incredibly smooth and rarely ever reinitializes after I did this.
B0055QYKQO|5.0|The mobo itself is quite good looking and performs very very well and there's nothing bad I can say about the performance of it.    My only thoughts are the color scheme (altho it looks really cool) for people who are quite new on building their own rigs would have problem identifying which slot is which, i.e. ram slots isnt color coded so those newer people would have to spend some time to identfy which DDR3-slot 1 or 2 is. they coulda made those slots gray/black alternating just to make it easier to identify. and the SATA cable slots is facing towards the right side, if it was facing to you it would be easier to mount the calbes, specially if people that would be using this got tight case space, they'd have to spend time and some flexing of the fingers to get the SATA cables in to the sockets xD      but overall performance wise its perfect for the money, cheapest AM3+ mobo that is capable of dual x16 crossfire set up (thats why I bought this xD) on the market. and a lot of great features like Dual bios (just in case you mess up flashing bios, as the manual suggest, if you don't get any problems w/ its stock bios, dont play with it! lol) and the Dolby Digital feature is amazing as well, pretty darn good.      I bought this for dual x16 set-up and in anticipation of the \\"Bulldozer\\" CPU's so currently my temporary setup is    Mobo - Gigabyte 990FXA-UD3 (Of course =P)  CPU - AMD PhenomII 925 2.8Ghz (OC'd to 3.4, could go 3.6 and still be stable but kept it to 3.4 just to be safe. using this temporarily until bulldozers comes out)  GPU - Sapphire Flex HD6870 x2 (Crossfire)  PSU - Corsair TX950 (950watts)  RAM - Corsair Vengance 8GB (2 x 4GB)  CPU heatsink/fan - Hyper 212 (temporarily using this until new CPU's comes out then I will switch to water cooling)  Case - NZXT Lexa S mid-tower Case  case fans - 6 (2 intake/2exhaust/2custom fan inside for improving air flow)
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Couldn't get it to work on DROIDX... Locked up when trying to get the zip code info. Wouldn't show any information...
B0058EBNAO|5.0|One of the apps I installed on my Xoom on 'day one' was AccuWeather. It was the best I could find at the time and, of course, it was free. AccuWeather comes with everything we learned to expect in a browser applet: there is the weather bug and it expands to a lot of detail: current weather, hourly forecast, 15 days forecast, multiple locations, maps with radar overlays, moon phases, alerts, weather trivia and so forth. Well... AccuWeather seems to be on its way out, to be replaced by Elecont's Weather app.<br /><br />_______<br /><br />ACCUWEATHER vs. ELECONT's<br /><br />NAME (AccuWeather)<br />Elecont must find a name for their app. Can't have something named \\"Weather, US Radar, Alerts, Quakes\\". It's true, this is what the app does but... seriously, think of a name.<br /><br />CONTENT (tie)<br />They both provide the customary current/hourly/10-15 days foreasts, maps with radar overlays and weather alerts. AccuWeather has video forecasts and a 'lifestyles' section but Elecont adds 'earthquakes' and is not pushing commercials.<br /><br />THE BUG (Elecont)<br />AccuWeather's one-size-fits-all bug looks better but Elecont's wins by offering highly customizable widgets in just about any size from 1x1 up to 4x4. You can pick the type of info to be displayed, the type of bug, including Elecont's rather unique weather clock display, colors, transparency, even the frequency of updates.<br /><br />RELIABILITY (AccuWeather)<br />AccuWeather was 'always there' as far as I can tell. This may be a fluke but one of Elecont's 2 alternative sources for weather information, Intellicast, was not available during my first day of using the app. To be fair, the second provider, Foreca was available and it was easy to 'ignore' Intellicast once I learn how to operate the app but the fact remains that Intellicast generating errors was annoying.<br /><br />A plus for Elecont's is that it allows me to decide how often the weather info is to be updated and it's actually telling me how old the displayed info is. AccuWeather does not do that.<br /><br />INTERFACE (Elecont)<br />Access to information is at least as important as the ability to retrieve it and its presentation. I already noted that Elecont's bug can display more information than AccuWeather's and Elecont's is clearly superior when the actual apps interfaces are compared.<br /><br />While AccuWeather is more or less a port of the traditional 'browser applet' with a little touch awareness added to it, Elecont's is one of the most innovative 'touch' interfaces I've  seen so far. In Elecont everything is literally at my fingertips (or fingerprints :)). AccuWeather is basically a browser with half a dozen 'tabs' and within each tab window there's a finger-aware area where I can scroll through the 15 days or the 24 hours of forecasts because they don't all fit at once.<br /><br />Each 'location' in Elecont's is hosted on three 'screens' - hourly, daily and ten-days - that you can flip right-left, the way you'd flip pages on an e-book. If you have different locations, you flip up/down. Objects on each screen display additional information when touched or tapped. The ten-day forecast, for example, shows precipitations, alerts, moon phases and hi-low temps for each day but, when a day is tapped, a lot more info is displayed for that specific day: precipitation chance, sun/moon rise and set, UV index, wind and so forth. It took maybe 15-30 minutes to familiarize myself with the interface but, once I learned it, there was no question for me that I preferred Elecont to AccuWeather.<br /><br />STABILITY (AccuWeather)<br />I don't believe AccuWeather ever crashed on me. Elecont crashed a couple of times, always when I was looking at the map at high magnification with a radar overlay. AccuWeather seems to be using the same Google Maps but it doesn't allow me to zoom to Google's allowable 'max' and, while I don't believe it crashes, Elecant seems to load the maps faster and navigation is smoother. Until the map crashes.<br /><br />OVERALL WINNER (Elecant)<br />Elecant wins because their app was designed for smart phones and tablets specifically and done so intelligently while AccuWeather's screams 'quick (from TV to) PC browser port'. Beside's its refreshingly innovative user interface, Elecant's app allows for far more flexibility in setup (both the bug and the app itself). Elecant's developers should be congratulated for their skills and creativity but they should continue work to improve the quality of 'presentation' - as in sharper icons and symbols and better looking weather bugs.<br />___________<br />I was lucky to get Elecan't app for free (thank you Amazon) but, whenever I evaluate a 'free app of the day' I'm asking myself \\"knowing what I know now, would I actually pay to get this app?\\" In this case my answer is 'yes'. This is not a 'perfect' app but Amazon's standard for '5 stars' is not 'perfection'. 5 stars mean \\"I love it\\" and, by this standard, this is a 5 stars app.<br /><br />___________________<br />Note on 'location\\":<br /><br />It's unlikely that you can get a good GPS signal while indoors. Given that, the app is likely to rely on your IP address to determine location - it placed me 20 miles from where I was. Manually entering my ZIP code took care of it. It's possible that the 2 services (of which only one was running at the time I'm writing this review) don't cover every single ZIP code but I can only speak for my own experience.t phones and tablets specifically and done so intelligently while AccuWeather's screams 'quick (from TV to) PC browser port'. Beside's its refreshingly innovative user interface, Elecant's app allows for far more flexibility in setup (both the bug and the app itself). Elecant's developers should be congratulated for their skills and creativity but they should continue work to improve the quality of 'presentation' - as in sharper icons and symbols and better looking weather bugs.  ___________  I was lucky to get Elecan't app for free (thank you Amazon) but, whenever I evaluate a 'free app of the day' I'm asking myself \\"knowing what I know now, would I actually pay to get this app?\\" In this case my answer is 'yes'. This is not a 'perfect' app but Amazon's standard for '5 stars' is not 'perfection'. 5 stars mean \\"I love it\\" and, by this standard, this is a 5 stars app.      ___________________  Note on 'location\\":    It's unlikely that you can get a good GPS signal while indoors. Given that, the app is likely to rely on your IP address to determine location - it placed me 20 miles from where I was. Manually entering my ZIP code took care of it. It's possible that the 2 services (of which only one was running at the time I'm writing this review) don't cover every single ZIP code but I can only speak for my own experience.
B004XVMCMQ|5.0|Sarcastic, English humor at it's best.  Good acting & videography. Frances O'Conner dazzles.  Only Jane Austen can portray upper class families of that era like this.
0762434279|5.0|As I was saying, I got a very small book, very disappointed because I paid for sa. Normal size book please let me know why this happened
B0000549B2|4.0|I don't typically care too much for Spike Lee's films.  I find him to be an arrogant director, and it shows in the way he pieces his films together.  When a creative mind is too wound up in their own ego it transcends the expected `point of view' scenario and delves into shameless self-promotion, and Spike Lee Joints tend to cross that line too often for my taste.  That said, the man does have a real gift, and when he checks his ego at the door he can produce some great work (`25th Hour' is a modern American masterpiece).<br /><br />`Mo' Better Blues' feels less like a Spike Lee Joint and more like a film directed by Spike Lee.<br /><br />That's a good thing.<br /><br />The film tells the story of Jazz trumpeter Bleek Gilliam.  Bleek is obsessed with his music to the point where everything and everyone takes a backseat to his work.  He designates an allotted time every day for practice, and he doesn't allow interferences.  He refuses to mix business with pleasure, to his detriment at times (like holding a young vocalist back simply because he's too prideful to allow someone steel his thunder) and he is continually at odds with another hot-shot, Shadow, who happens to play sax in his band.  Bleek is also juggling two women who happen to know about one another but continue to date him, as well as a gambling manager who can't seem to do his job right.  All of this weighs heavy on Bleek, but he remains as cool as a cat until the pressure snaps him in two, and he finds himself washed up, with nothing to show for it.<br /><br />Wesley Snipes, Joie Lee and Cynda Williams are all stellar here.  Snipes is especially memorable as the aggressive Shadow.  The way he makes every scene about him is remarkable, because it never feels like camera mugging but feels authentic; completely part of the character.  Lee looks far too much like her brother (to the point where her love scenes are kind of scary), but she emotes beautifully; and the gorgeous Williams sizzles and steals glances throughout the entire film.  Denzel Washington is a bit too reserved here, to the point where he disappears throughout most of the film, despite the film being about him.  He feels uninteresting.  I'm surprised that some have noted him as being charismatic, because it isn't until he gets on the stage that he shows any signs of charisma.  Dually noted is the horrifically stereotypical way in which Lee depicts Turturro's character; but that is a major issue with Lee's pictures in general.  He really creates far too many stereotypes in all of his characters, especially in those who do not share his skin tone.  His arrogance shines through in the way he writes.<br /><br />I've always said that Spike Lee should cut out the writing and simply stick to directing, which is his true gift.<br /><br />But, that aside, `Mo' Better Blues' is a slick picture, one that is beautiful to look at and one that remains steadily interesting and avoids clich&eacute;d pit falls that could have befallen it easily.  That isn't to say that it isn't clich&eacute;d, but at least it feels well rounded in most parts.  I felt that the ending was a tad rushed through, although I understand its necessity.  The music is wonderful and the script is `mostly' above average.  It is one of Lee's best pictures because it feels less like a lecture and more like an objectively crafted film.Denzel Washington is a bit too reserved here, to the point where he disappears throughout most of the film, despite the film being about him.  He feels uninteresting.  I'm surprised that some have noted him as being charismatic, because it isn't until he gets on the stage that he shows any signs of charisma.  Dually noted is the horrifically stereotypical way in which Lee depicts Turturro's character; but that is a major issue with Lee's pictures in general.  He really creates far too many stereotypes in all of his characters, especially in those who do not share his skin tone.  His arrogance shines through in the way he writes.    I've always said that Spike Lee should cut out the writing and simply stick to directing, which is his true gift.    But, that aside, `Mo' Better Blues' is a slick picture, one that is beautiful to look at and one that remains steadily interesting and avoids clichéd pit falls that could have befallen it easily.  That isn't to say that it isn't clichéd, but at least it feels well rounded in most parts.  I felt that the ending was a tad rushed through, although I understand its necessity.  The music is wonderful and the script is `mostly' above average.  It is one of Lee's best pictures because it feels less like a lecture and more like an objectively crafted film.
B00004YZFR|5.0|Fantastic. The sound, which is obviously the key to this film is outstanding on this disk. It plays like a whole new movie after watching it on TV and VHS for years. It doesn't hurt that the film is a masterpiece of documentary film making. Great.
B000PAAJYW|4.0|Paul Thomas Anderson is a remarkable creative mind.  That being said, `Magnolia' isn't as strong as it could have been.  That isn't to say that the film doesn't have merit, because it is authentic and truly earnest; perhaps too much so.  The one thing that kept springing to mind while watching this film was that it lacked balance.  This is the last of Anderson's films for me to see, and so it's odd for me that this is one of his most raved (possibly his most raved) film to date.  While the Academy embraced his latest (and greatest) masterpiece, `There Will Be Blood', there are many vocal detractors to that film, while little is said to degrade `Magnolia'; a film that is considered by many to be an intellectual masterpiece of modern cinema.<br /><br />The film is good, but it is missing something.<br /><br />Like I said, `Magnolia' lacks balance.  It surprises me, because that is one thing I find so fascinating about Anderson's other work; they are so balanced.  Even something as dark as `There Will Be Blood' is emotionally landscaped in way so that you can feel the ups and downs, the highs and lows with precise effect.  Anderson maps out his scenes in such a way that you `get' them.  `Boogie Nights' balanced tones so effortlessly; creating such robust feelings that ran the gamut of witty and charming to eerily aggressive; and it all flowed.  Even a film as `uneven' as `Punch Drunk Love' felt remarkably well thought out (despite my lack of true passion for the film, I easily consider Anderson's direction exceptional).  Going all the way back to his debut, `Hard Eight', it is notable the way that Anderson plays with darkness in a way that feels eerily accessible.<br /><br />There are no swells in `Magnolia'.  It is somewhat one-note.  There is one emotion that permeates the entire film.  It is depressing.  One depressing scene after another depressing scene.  I mean, the middle of the film felt like the end of the film because even the music was making me feel like the whole world was going to end and everyone was going to die that very moment and yet it still had over an hour and a half to go before the film ending.  I have never felt so depressed watching a film in all my life; to the point where the conclusion truly brings no resolve or lifted spirits because it is too little too late.<br /><br />The damage had already been done.<br /><br />But, there is something about this film that speaks to me.  As with all of Anderson's films, I feel that this is one to be seen again and again before it can be appreciated.  I mentioned, in my review title, a sliver of the film's conclusion, and it is a moment that took me by complete surprise and helped me to appreciate it all the more.  It felt right, despite being so off.  It added a layer to this film that I wholly need to explore.<br /><br />I just wish that the film had more shades to it.<br /><br />That being said; the film is an acting goldmine.  Philip Baker Hall and Jason Robards are phenomenal as the film's dying patriarchs, both of whom have debts to pay to their children.  Julianne Moore is heartbreaking and completely sincere as the trophy wife with a plateful of regret.  William H. Macy and Jeremy Blackman complement one another beautifully, playing the same role just decades apart.  John C. Reilly is so tender and relatable as the insecure cop who catches a break with the wrong woman.  But it is Philip Seymour Hoffman and Tom Cruise who really steal every scene.  Their characters could be more different and yet they emote so deeply.  Cruise is a firecracker, throwing charisma at everyone in his path and yet it is his emotional breakdown that feels the most real; considering that his entire persona is built upon a façade.  It is Hoffman who grabbed me the most though.  The way he uncovers us layers of true caring while watching over Cruise's dying father; its remarkable how much his eyes convey.<br /><br />The film; an interwoven collage related stories, has its moments, and the actually concept is one that I find inspired.  In fact, I kind of find this film utterly fascinating.  Like many have said about most all Anderson's work; it is flawed and yet it is unforgettable.<br /><br />Anderson has undeniably honed his skill as a director.  His work on `There Will Be Blood' is almost untouchable (a directorial achievement that grows in my estimation every time I merely `think' of the film), and his promise is seen all over this film that is slightly `over-achieved'.<br /><br />This is not his worst film (but `worst' is not really a word to be used with his films), but that isn't a consolation when, with a little more focus given to layering the emotions, this could have been a clear masterpiece.<br /><br />And yet, maybe it is a masterpiece.kind of find this film utterly fascinating.  Like many have said about most all Anderson's work; it is flawed and yet it is unforgettable.    Anderson has undeniably honed his skill as a director.  His work on `There Will Be Blood' is almost untouchable (a directorial achievement that grows in my estimation every time I merely `think' of the film), and his promise is seen all over this film that is slightly `over-achieved'.      This is not his worst film (but `worst' is not really a word to be used with his films), but that isn't a consolation when, with a little more focus given to layering the emotions, this could have been a clear masterpiece.    And yet, maybe it is a masterpiece.
0345479092|1.0|This book is so ridiculous I couln't even finish it. She says that she is a lactation consultant, however she does not advocate for breast feeding. She made a stronger case for bottle feeding, which has been shown to be inferior to breastfeeding in almost every way. Don't buy this book, don't read this book. This lady is not a baby whisperer!
B005COO1X6|5.0|I haven't read any of Steven King's books in a long time but I thought this was good, typical Steven King's type story like those of years ago but a short story. Gotta love his weird horror imagination that creates these kind of stories!
B00009NHC5|3.0|Audrey Hepburn stars as the 'world's best blind lady' and Alan Arkin is evil personified, stopping at nothing to reclaim a missing doll stuffed with heroin. The predictable portion involves a long terror scene in the dark, after Hepburn breaks all the light bulbs to neutralize her sight disadvantage. The plot also gets a bit stretched when she sends the neighbor girl to fetch her husband (who was misdirected by Arkin and is not where she thinks he is) for help, instead of simply to call the police. On the other hand, Hepburn also displays quick thinking in other portions, and the plot is creative in how Arkin et al try to fool Hepburn into revealing the doll's location.
B0058S0OMS|5.0|I love the fact that this movie takes up where the first one ends, but to me, the main selling point of this movie is the intro. It starts off with the same themesong as the first one, only the sound is synthesized and has a harsher &#34;bite&#34; to it. All the while this music is playing and the credits appear, there is an ominous pumpkin on the screen. The camera gets closer and closer to the pumpkin and when its very close, the pumpkin cracks open and there is a death mask inside with cobwebs all over it. This has to be the best/creepiest introduction to a horror movie that I have ever seen. Even if i didn't like the movie, i think i would still buy it just for the intro......I am curious though as to the connection between this movie and the song, &#34;Mr. Sandman&#34;....the song is about a girl who is asking Mr. Sandman to bring her the &#34;perfect boyfriend&#34;....what possible connection could there be between that song and Halloween?
B0054N73EY|5.0|I am blown away by this album. The Red Hot Chili Peppers have been one constant in my life, and it seems their music changes and evolves as I do. I love their creativity, and sound.
0553801473|3.0|I read the first four books and while I thought it was very well written I got really tired of all the \\"good\\" characters getting killed off. I mean 1 or 2 should be smart enough or lucky enough to survive too the next book. Nez pas?
B00436GNVC|3.0|strange album... took some getting used to but it is okay... recommend it probably not... maybe a song or two for downloading only,.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|This album is slightly, but only slightly, overrated. I'm still saying it's an excellent album, it's just that this is kind of weird. Like, what Green Day did with American Idiot: it's adored by the majority, but the people who actually liked what they were already doing, didn't know what to think. This is pretty much an experiment, that both succeeded and failed. It is excellent, but given when it was released, it might be a bit too glorified. Nonetheless, this is exactly what we need in a time where the definition of Punk Rock is hyperprocessed trash, like SUM 41. So, pick this up, but it should be with \\"Combat Rock\\" and their self-titled debute album. Those are both worth your time, as well.
0767836324|5.0|This movie was a great old time fav, and brings back my childhood memories. I received the package in a timely manor and with no damage.
B001KQKC0Q|5.0|I am going to make this short and sweet. Until Dark Horse I wasn't much of a Nickleback fan, in fact I liked some of their songs but had no idea that it was a Nickleback recording. This album did it for me. I love the intensity of the songs and the way they make it all seem \\"fun\\". It is dully noted that some songs deal with the naughty side of Kroeger's mind, but you gotta admit, we all get a smirk when they hit the airwaves.<br /><br />The true test will be when \\"Here and Now\\" releases and I am won over again by the guys.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I got excited thinking how cool this was going to be. Then I realized, its not the Star Wars I wanted to see. The special editions were ok for a change, but I want the originals much more than the do over.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|droid 2 louisiana tried to find entire south coast even it couldent find a location to use this is crap
0345529057|1.0|Mr. Martin has written a huge, bloated, duck fat stuffed yarn of a series.  With more characters than you would ever EVER care to know, he goes on and on and ON with the designer wardrobes, the fancy meals, the casual and fairly revolting sex, the mind numbingly boring and oh so obvious violence, the constant and continual hopping back and forth between characters, descriptions of armor, flags, uniforms, curly haired men, beautiful (heaven forbid! UGLY) women, and dragons suckling.  Geez.  I cannot remember ever being quite so disappointed in a book!  OK.  I made it through three of them and then startled all of my doggies by pitching the 3rd across my bedroom!  Reading about the one or two characters you actually kind of care about for 1,000 plus pages only to have them offed in such clearly cut ways?  I saw the death of everyone I was even a tiny bit interested in coming from a dragon's mile away!  According to Mr. Martin, everyone during the \\"time\\" and \\"place\\" of his absurd and fantasized novels employed scores and scores of weavers and stitchers to create their colorful and highly decorated tunics and cloaks. Not to mention, the scores, SCORES of gardeners, hunters, bakers, cooks, and chefs needed to whip up those glistening, sugar and fat rich meals which arrived in miles away from anywhere castles and in the midst of battle.  Wow!  Camelot? Paradise?  And please, PLEASE, spend some time developing REAL characters with believable motivations and interesting personalities!! SOMETHING for gawd's sake!!! So sad that we blew a week's worth of grocery money for a set of books so empty of intelligence, so devoid of imagination that I literally grind my teeth in despair!  A nod to modern life that Mr. Martin's books are rated so well and immediately snapped up to be pretty people ripping bodices and thrusting swords on the big screen.  Please Mr. Martin.  Be done with it.  Do not, please DO NOT even think of writing about ANY of the dozens and dozens of families you laundry list in the back of each book!  Put down the keyboard and step away from the computer!!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I have been reading all the information I can read for the last 2 hours about the new release of STAR WARS on Blu Ray. I have to say that I was excited to buy them about 3 hours ago. But now, I am just going to pass and spend my $ on other things. I have them on DVD and will watch them in that format. Want in 1 hand and wish in the other.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|no data for dallas tx.  difficult to navigate location list.  very buggy on acer iconia tablet. uninstalled. nothing more to say.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The only thing I wonder is how long until George releases the Blue-Ray version containing both theatrical and enhanced versions.  Don't put it past him to get every dime he can out of people.  I for one will not get this version.
B0058EBNAO|3.0|No data for Columbia SC? The state capital? Hopefully I am doing something wrong. I am glad that this was free.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|this release with all the new scenes / effects / stuff is just pointless. a total lack of respect for the star wars fans.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Found my gps location immediately. Droid 2 Global. Looks great, correct information. The gps problem is NOT with the app, check your settings. The only complaint I have is it seems a little data friendly, hope it doesn't run the battery too fast.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|I am on an Evo 4g, I have gps. I have tried rebooting and uninstalling, and reinstalling with a reboot in between and without rebooting.<br /><br />It starts up fine and it names my location, (Redding CA)  but it will not display it on the map and it does not give me weather info.<br /><br />I have alot of GPS toys on my phone because I travel alot and spend a lot of time in USFS areas. I also use some GPS enabled fitness tracking apps. Perhaps there is some sort of software conflict?<br /><br />In any event, I have put enough effort into it to have lost interest.<br /><br />Just doesn't work.  1 star.
B0050PYNP8|4.0|The best , most believable CGI  I have ever seen.   Also many references throughout the film to other sci-fi classics liek E.T., Star Wars, etc.  very funny.
0062060554|2.0|I just finished this book.  Ten minutes ago.  I really did not like the way it was written at all and I do not understand how it got so many positive reviews.  Aside from the predictability and repetition of the book, the worst part to read was the section of journal entries.  They are completely unrealistic, long, and written to be a book, not a journal.  For example,     \\"I am writing this at noon.  Ben is downstairs, reading.  He thinks I am resting but, even though I am tired, I am not.  I do not have time.  I have to write this down, before I lose it.  I have to write my journal.\\"  \\"I look at my watch and note the time.  Ben has suggested we go for a walk this afternoon.  I have a little over an hour.\\" (Saturday, November 10)    First, I would like to point out that if she does not have much time, why does she explain how little time she has?  Why does she explain that she must write in her journal? She is writing in the journal, therefore she clearly felt like she should.    Secondly, what kind of person would write in their private journal \\"I look at my watch and note the time\\"?  More realistically, a journal entry would say something like, \\"It is 11:45\\".    Finally, for someone who has such a terrible problem with remembering things, she goes into extreme detail in her journal entries - how she felt after a statement, she shrugged her shoulders, he put his hand to his head, etc.  The entire idea that these are journal entries just do not flow with the way they are written.    It's a poorly written book, with little to no real suspense.  I honestly cannot begin to understand why so many people found it so wonderful.
B004HO6I4W|4.0|Bought this movie for my wife, as we have seen it before, and she loves it. Great movie and the picture quality of the movie is great. The picture quality is usually great on animation movies anyways.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Found my location but kept giving errors about not being able to receive data no matter which location I chose. Pretty much useless unfortunately because it sounded cool.
159448385X|5.0|honestly words can express how good this book is. I finished it in 4 days is an example how good it is!!!!!!!!!
B0025UHKNS|5.0|It is a great watch for running, little difficult in the beginning to understand how to set it in the right way, but once set, it is fantastic! It is also great that it comes with an ajustable strap, because I didn't like the plastic strap.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I think I just found a replacement for Weatherbug. Radar could be faster but seems to work great. Very customizable
B0058EBNAO|1.0|has a chance to be a useful app, but in its current condition its not useable.  Problems on both a Tab 10.1 and an HTC Increadable.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Tons and tons of content, great varied mechanics, I open this game more than any other. But it its worth it!
B0058EBNAO|4.0|I really like this app.  The radar does leave a bit to be desired, which limits the app to four stars.  Has some really nice widgets as well.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The biggest thing against this release is that it has no original theatrical version. Those classic, historical, culture-defining original films have essentially been surpressed from history because of one man--George Lucas'--desire that they not be seen. This release contains does not contain the version that won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, nor does it contain the Oscar winning original audio and editing. This is a shame, and a travesty. Those films NEED to be restored and presented in high quality, and it wouldn't be much work to do so when stuff like Police Academy and Fast Times At Ridgemont High are available in HD from 35mm material.    But anyway, okay this is Special Edition only, maybe I can stomach that for the sake of seeing Star Wars in high def. But they can't even present the Special Edition in acceptable ways! I'm not talking about the \\"creative changes.\\" I'm talking about the video and audio. Yes, the films are very sharp and very clean looking, as they were in the 2004 version. That is one star I will give this set for. Lowry labs did a good job at getting rid of the dirt and blemishes and giving the films the clean look Lucas wanted. But the colours are all messed up! Luke STILL has a green sabre in Star Wars and Vader still has a pink sabre in Empire Strikes Back. They did fix two sabre shots, but thats it--unfortunately, entire scenes were miscoloured. The blockade runner is still a cool blue shade, there is still weird tints, the blacks are crushed, starfields are erased, and lazers and such lack vibrancy. All the problems of 2004 are still there. Lazy, lazy, lazy. Is it really so hard to make the films look right? See this page: [...] for how the BD still looks bad.    I could give some points to the extra features, but they are lacking too! If you average it out, it's less than a single extra disc per film. Don't you think Star Wars and Empire sort of deserve at least a disc of extras each? For that matter, don't you think theydeserve maybe two each? Instead, we get a 90 minute feature length documentary on the 501st cosplay charity (nothing against them--this just should have been 30 minutes). The other documentaries are fluffy and useless too, except the vintage ones which are at least interesting to see. The model archives are okay, and the deleted scenes are good to watch, although they left out a ton of deleted material that I know still exists.    In short, I like the idea of watching the Special Editions in high-def, but this isn't worth your money. Mediocre extras, bad presentation, more IDIOTIC changes like Vader going \\"NOOooooo!\\" in Return of the Jedi and no restored original theatrical versions of the original films. Sorry, guys--just watch the HD television broadcasts instead. Lucasfilm doesn't have a clue anymore. Wake me up when the original versions are on Blu Ray.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|pile of crap that doesn't work when I enter my zip code or choose my city from the list.  says no data for my area even though I am in a major us city.  junk.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|no data even from a city that has nws regional headquarters. nice idea for app. will Love more stars when it works for my area. songs like it is not just my area by the looks of other reviews.
0060245867|5.0|This was one of my favorite books as a kid.  We recently bought this for our friends who have a 2 1/2 year old and are expecting a new baby.  The little girl loves it and so do Mom and Dad.  The book is long enough to keep the interest of the child, yet short enough that Mom and Dad can read it daily if the little girl wants.  We also have a copy for our little girl.  Great book for all kiddos.
0385732554|5.0|This was a shipment that came fast and was in great condition I would recommend anyone looking for good classic books for there kids to read to use amazon!!
B003VDX6MW|5.0|One of the best shows that I've seen in a long time, I would recommend it to anybody that I know.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|people must either be insane, have the worst phones in the world, no GPS, or there must be full moon. This app is awesome. Works great on EVO 4G. Works great in NYC, as well as the tiny L.I. town I am visiting now. Radar works great. Well thought out, well designed. Download this app for yourself. NEVER LISTEN to 1 star reviews. Look at the reviewer. Chances are All their reviews are the same. People are haters. People here act as petulant little children in the middle of a tantrum. meh. Anyway, great app, works great. Can NOT explain why people can't get it to work. Especially on an EVO, since 4 in the family ( including an EVO 3d) work flawlessly... Sorry Dev..... Amazon Faotd is the kiss of death for a decent app that's not a silly game!
B0058EBNAO|4.0|I had the same issues as many .. it found my location - but couldn't load data.  Edit the location and change the source from the default to the other source and it works amazingly well.    Acer Iconia A500 Tablet
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a fun game but there are a few things that should be added, like having the instructions b4 you play the game. and some of the games dont even make sence. but all in all it is worth it. it doesnt glitch that i can tell. there are alot of choices( if you can earn the amount of points for some of them. :/ ) and its free.
B0058FW26C|4.0|Battle: Los Angeles has just enough story to get you to the action. This movie was made for people who like high-action shoot-em-up war movies. If that's what you're looking for, you'll have fun with it. If you're looking for a well written story, you'll be disappointed. For me, it was worth the rental, but I would have felt cheated if I paid to see it in a theater.
159448385X|5.0|I don't even know where to start with a review for this book! Incredibly well written for starters ....... pulls you in to the horrors of living as a woman in Afghanistan through the years, and does not release you. Such an alien life when you think of how WE live in the United States! Highly recommend adding this to your \\"to read\\" list! 5 stars!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This album is pure metal perfection. I love everything about it. There is not one weak note. Bruce Dickinson is awesome on this album, haunting and immortal. Just listen to him belt out the words \\"I only dream in black and white\\" on Dream of Mirrors, that is classic to the core! I couldn't recommend this more. Go get it right now!
B004EPYZTE|4.0|So this is it, after 30 years it's the long awaited Conan - remake! Since I am a fan of the novels, comics and - of course - the 1982 - Arnold Schwarzenegger movie, it's almost impossible not to be disappointed. The task of satisfying all the Conan - fans out there is a hard one, for this new feature will be measured by the rich Conan - background - literature (a), the old Conan - movies (b) and all the other barbarian films out there (c).     Starting with the Conan - universe (a) this new movie is quite true to the spirit of it. The whole movie is more like an adventure film of old, just as the novels were. The locations pictured in this feature look like some of the sights from the classic comics and even Jason Momoa seems to be the comic - Conan come to life. Great cast!  On the other hand the world of Hyperborea pictured in the novels and comics was one of many different places and people. Part of it was jungle, part of it was desert, wood, ice and so on. And there were many different cultures, such as mongols, beduins or native tribes. And Conan - he produced his own kind of \\"clash of civilisations\\" by wandering this world and smashing some skulls, always staying true to his Cimmerian nature.  All this range of locations and people was lost to this new movie. There is little variety of climatic zones and only few different people are shown. So a great deal of the world of hyperborea is not pictured at all.    Let's look at the original movie from 1982 (b). The new Conan - feature quotes it in some places, starting with the \\"riddle of steel\\" and the progress of forging a sword, that is pictured incorrect in both movies by the way.   But while the old movie directed by John Milius had a very strong presence and created an unique atmosphere, power and suspence, the remake lacks all of this. Visually this new movie is rather disappointing.   Besides that, the classic movie had a fantastic soundtrack by Basil Poledouris, that was reused in one of the trailers for Ridley Scott's \\"Gladiator\\" some years ago (before it was relaced by Hans Zimmer great tracks). I have never heard a more fitting soundtrack for this kind of movie in all my life. The music from the new film does not come close to it. It does not even seem to have different themes, at least I don't remember any.    Besides that the original movie had great props, that looked like real swords - in some scenes they even used real swords to do the fighting, that were hand crafted by master - smith Jody Samson. The cast was trained by a japanese sword master for several months. Using swords made of steel is very dangerous, and some fingers were nearly chopped off in the 80s.   But this new Conan - swords look like plastic toys. They are awfull. I wonder if the designers of this new swords have ever seen a real one in a museum or such. This is not the way a sword looks or should look like. They should be elegant and not this chunky.    If one does speak of the original movie one has to talk about Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Earl Jones. It is nearly impossible to come up with someone better to play Conan or his opponent. Well, Jason Momoa does an incredible job. I was very pleased by his performance, great body, good action and great screen presence. It was a wise decission to choose someone looking like Conan and not someone looking like Arnold.    But besides that the new movie lacks philosophy. Philosophy? Yes, it lacks it. Perhaps some people missed this part about the classic movie, but it is full of quotes from Nietzsche. This whole \\"riddle of steel\\" - thing and this \\"what does not kill You makes You stronger\\" are the key elements to the story. The climatic conclusion of the movie, the confrontation between the charismatic James Earl Jones, who was so lovingly pictured as \\"Bleeding Gums Murphy\\" in \\"the Simpsons\\" and who gave Darth Vader his voice, and Arnold, is a cinematic masterpiece. And it is not predictable at all by the way. While Thulsa Dooms seeks to control the steel through the mind of the ones wielding it, Conan the Barbarian can not be controlled and will be a king himself one day, controlling others. He already has understood the riddle. Great.     And the new movie? There is Stephen Lang as the bad guy, who already is some kind of king, who wants to be more powerfull, but it's not clear why. For he already is feared and powerfull and all that. Why he is pulling a ship across the desert - no one knows, and nobody cares. Is he some kind of \\"Fitzgeraldo\\"? For sure he is no James Earl Jones. Perhaps he could have been - but the script does not leave him enough room to proove it. Lang has the physics and does a decent job, so it is not his fault that the villain stays rather pale, it's the script that has no idea how to put this right.    The \\"riddle of steel\\" is nothing but a quote from the classic movie and has no influence on the film, no philosophy, no magic. Besides that - there is too much talk in this new movie. Not by Conan, but by the \\"evil\\" guys who tell You every minute that they will be powerfull soon and that they are very evil and ruthless and... You get the picture.   James Earl Jones just used his deep deep voice - and one understood instantly that he is very dangerous. But is he bad? Is he evil? Can a man with this voice and this pleasing gaze be bad? Oh, yes he can.... In the beginning of the classic movie as Conans village is burned down - there is no talk. Just picture and music, that grip You and pull You into the savage world of Hyperborea.   At least the idea of showing young Conan's training is a nice touch to the new movie. Besides that the story of the old movie is way better. It was all about survival and revenge in a savage world without frontiers free to explore and exploit. The new movie could also have been one episode out of \\"Xena the warrior princess\\".    Let's look at all the other barbarian movies out there (c.): \\"Pathfinder\\" is a movie done by the same director as the new Conan movie and it has the same flaws. \\"Scorpion King\\" is just about the same as this new Conan flick but has less violence.   But the masterpiece \\"300\\" is visually stunning and intense - the Conan remake can not put up with that. I wonder why the remake is not more like this Zack Snyder movie, it would have been for the better.     In the end I like the new Conan movie after all, and I would watch a couple more of them if Jason Momoa is in them. But after 30 years one would have expected movies to have become better than the old ones, to have evolved and grown. But I fear the classic Conan movie can hardly be improved or bettered. The world certainly has not waited for this kind of remake. There's already a couple of films out there that are better or at least as good. But watching the 2011 - Conan is still a nice way of spending some time.
B002JVWRAO|1.0|Franks online, is JUNK!!!! Will never order from them again!Did not show pic. Just noise!Waited all this time for \\"Bad packaging\\". Menue was jammed inside box, on top of video 1. The holders were not meant for the dvd box. Just junk, and very un-professional...........herb neeland
B0036S4CTS|4.0|I'm laughing as I type this review, because I both loved and hated this book at the same time.  It's a wonderful story about a love that cannot be ignored.  It's told in such a realistic way that I both wanted to stop reading- and couldn't stop!
B003E6K1VK|5.0|Completely surprised by the enhanced sound quality. Can't beat it for the price. I would recommend this to anyone wanting more out of their iPod. Thank you.
1609419693|4.0|My husband and I love 30 ROCK and know Tine Fey is the brains behind the writing of the show.  We bought bossypants for a 7 hour car ride we just took.  Neither of us have ever bought an audio book before.  WE ARE SO HAPPY WE CHOSE THIS ONE AS OUR FIRST!  Tina Fey narrates the 5 disc- 5 hour audiobook.  She is as witty and clever as ever.   The car ride seemed to just fly by.   We really can't think of a better book to listen to when driving.
B0057AOOZ0|4.0|Seriously she opened this album with 1+1. That alone took a lot of risk considering the opening tracks for her other albums. And some of these songs aren't necessarily songs you would attach her to except maybe \\"Best thing I never had\\" (with it's Irreplaceable-like vibe) or \\"Run the World\\" (With the Sasha-Freakum vibe). I mean look at the song \\"I Miss You\\". Written by Frank Ocean (and sounds like it) but Beyonce had the ear to pick him out and call him and produced this. The closet thing I can think like this is \\"Disappear\\" from \\"I Am\\" but this track even surpasses that in terms of production and vocal arrangement. Tracks like that and \\"End of Time\\" seem actually inspired instead of some of the usual uninspired stuff she put on her albums before. The only misses on this album IMO was \\"I Was Here\\" and \\"Run the World\\". Usually she has a whole section of misses/dull songs but not here (B'Day also didn't suffer from that). Maybe it's because she's been around the world so many times and exposed to so much great music out there that it just seeped into her musical inclinations. If that's the case I can only expect better from her. Musically she's in a different place now.
0345522478|5.0|Kevin Hearne's wonderful Iron Druid series is great fun, funny and twisted. I just finished the last book today and I'm already seriously jones-ing for the next!<br /><br />The action moves at a perfect clip, with all the peril that you would expect, but the various supernatural characters actually bring something to the story, rather than just stand around like props (as in so many other urban fantasy novels). I found myself really caring about them, which is rare for me. Usually, I roll my eyes and yawn when the second string is on the field, but Hearne imbues all his characters with life and depth -- something I very much appreciated. Of course, the main character, Atticus O'Sullivan, really shines. He is charming, confident, and worldly wise -- and his magic FUNCTIONS! -- which I found very refreshing. After 2,000 years on earth, one would expect nothing less! (I'm so tired of the \\"my magic isn't perfect\\" saw.  Give it a break already!)<br /><br />And the talking dog is awesome! Laugh-out-loud conversations between Atticus and Oberon left me craving a trip to the shelter and apple sausages (not to mention bacon lattes).<br /><br />Don't hesitate to buy the three available books in whatever form you prefer. I love audio books, and the series is beautifully read by Luke Daniels -- he really is Atticus, and I couldn't imagine Oberon with any other voice. Now I want book 4, 5 and 6! Get busy Mr. Hearne!<br /><br />(Note for the Dresden loving nay-sayers: This is NOT a Jim Butcher book. It isn't meant to compete with Jim Butcher. I love Jim, too, but I don't feel a need to defend his honor by disliking this character in favor of Dresden. What is your malfunction? Buy a Jim Butcher book and go away!)
B005AUWY90|5.0|We've seen all the pixar films.  I love them all.  My 9 year old especially loves Cars2. I think it is all the action.  Yet as a parent, I know is it good clean fun.
B003ZHQVJO|5.0|Now that The Kid has grown a bit older, I can purchase his music and enjoy all of it.  I always like it when he and Seger get together.
B000VE439Y|5.0|If the story of Christianity's roots is eternal, so too should be anyone brave enough to parody it. This, the British troupe's second cinematic expedition, is neither as carelessly silly as \\"The Holy Grail\\" nor as manic and sketch-heavy as \\"The Meaning of Life,\\" but it's every bit as funny in its own dryly sarcastic way. Though it might not be as immediately gratifying as its peers, I've come to appreciate \\"Brian\\" as the Pythons' best-written picture over the years, with a razor-sharp wit playing excellently alongside the requisite amounts of lunacy and brow-furrowing topics of conversation. And, though it's clearly a product of the late '70s in many ways, its not-so-subtle warnings against blind faith in any organization (or the men at the helm) is still very relevant in today's world. It isn't the non-stop jaunt through the funhouse that you might expect from this cast, yet \\"Brian\\" delivers no less efficiently in different ways, especially during its hilariously bleak song and dance finale.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|CONNECTS WITH GPS, BUT GIVES ERROR MESSAGE SO NOTHING IS UPDATED. WORST PART IS YOU HAVE NO WAY OF UNINSTALLING IT. VERY CONFUSING INTERFACE, TOO. VERY BUSY. AS SOON AS I CAN FIND OUT HOW TO UNINSTALL IT, IT'S GONE.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|I used DocScanner for months and was miserable because it crashed my phone most of the time. But I kept trying it because I needed its features. Now I have CamScanner! Not only does it have the same (and more) features, it doesn't crash. It supports multi-page documents and adding pages. I love CamScanner! It makes my life easier. I can scan pages wherever I am. I don't have to run off with my clients' originals when meeting them out of the office and there is no copy machine nearby. Well worth the five bucks. Combine with PrinterShare to print scans directly from your phone. Technology is so great when it just works. Highly recommended!
B0058EBNAO|5.0|This app is incredible. It does almost everything it says it's going to do. The only problem is that it's a complex setup and not for impatient folks. Intellicast doesn't seem to be connecting, but it's capable of 2 sources and Foreca works great!<br />The people that are writing bad reviews about this would return a  TV because it show their favorite program...you could give them a free airplane and they would say it was too complex to fly.<br />Set up properly it's great for me. I'm not using the GPS location; not sure about that. An available tutorial may help. In a world of free weather apps, is it worth $3? Maybe. Is it the best weather AP I've used? Yep.
0151003084|5.0|the book is so cute and adorable, I absolutely love it and had no problems, errors, mistakes, or mishaps in any way shape or form with this transaction.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|it's frustrating sering such a great app drop stars in reviews just because a bunch of morons either font read instructions for use, font read which phones it works on, our other unrelated problems.this it's literally my first app review, and am only doing it to make sure it's known that this is a fantastic app, and I'm extremely happy I was able to get it for free.
B004EPYZXU|1.0|Wow,this is so bad!  I usually LOVE this kind of movies. Anything about astronauts stuck on other planets or the moon.  I saw \\"Moon\\" and thought was OK and after watching the previews for this one, I thought they were going to come up with something more exciting. They tried, but the \\"actual footage\\" is actually soooo boring. The plot could've been written by a 12yo. And the \\"the bad things\\" are just bad special effects.  I left the theater almost angry for spending my time watching this movie.    Watch \\"Moon\\" instead for a better story development or revisit Alien to remind you of how good movies used to be!!!
B000YKE87W|4.0|HERR KAUFMANN HAS A GREAT VOICE.  HE SHOWS OFF A BIT TOO MUCH AND MUSCLES HIS WAY THROUGH SOME OF THE PIECES.  THERE IS A LACK OF WARMTH TO THE SOUND SOMETIMES WHICH IS HIS VOICE. NOW THERE IS ANDREA BOCELLI WHEN WE WANT WARMTH AND SOUL.FOR OPERA THOUGH...JONAS IS GREAT AND WOO JUST LOOK AT HIM !!
B0009VPFSW|5.0|Unlike most purchases for older cameras,I bought this for use in my Roland Fantom X8 keyboard. I use this to store sounds and samples. This works very well. Great price, great product.
B000JIHP88|5.0|This product is a must-buy! I originally recieved this as a gift when pregnant with my son...he is now 14 months old and has a little sis on the way and STILL loves watching and playing with this mobile!     There are two volume settings for the tunes which are perfectly set. Of the two volume settings one is set to be fairly quiet for nighttime and napping and then there is the higher setting for playtime. The animals are very vibrant in color and the moving leaves are adorable. There is also a night light setting as well. You also have the option of 3 sets of tunes or rainforest nature noises. This is truly a wonderful item that I recommend for everyone whether it matches the theme of the room or not. My son absolutely loved watching all of the moving animals and leaves...I would joke that he thought going to bed was playtime because he would get so excited to see his mobile. Excellent item!
B00479SVBU|4.0|Just load the mp3 (tons of em) and forget about everything and just listen. This is a small wonder which does what it says. The Frequency range is awesome so you don't get any interference.   Only con I can think of (and may be i haven't explored yet, if some one knows that this is doable please reply) is as you go along and when you load new songs folder in the USB or SD the player does not sort by the name of the folder it goes by the date or something as the new folder comes at the end and not sorted by the name of the folder (in my case folder is the album name).
B001DD0HPG|5.0|10 CDs - Booklet in german, english and french.  Music from 16th to 20th century.  My favorite albums is a personal selection of the ten most popular LP albums   by the British guitarist and lutenist Julian Bream, from 1959 to 1982.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Sorry George Lucas, you don't get Mulligans in movies. I wanna see them the way they were in the theater when I was 10, 13, and 16, or at least have the option to view that version. I've already paid you for the VHS versions and the DVD versions. I'm not buying these altered movies!
B004EPZ07U|2.0|The original Green Lantern and comic books were more creative or his (Hal Jordan's) thoughts.  This movie has things created by the Green Lantern Corps's ring to be mainly human thoughts, making it a little disappointing.  I recommend trying the Green Lantern first flight animated movie by DC Universe it is much better and truer to the real Green Lantern.<br /><br />Sorry but this major motion picture was a huge disappointment.  The movie was just OK.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|App works great, screenshots pretty much shows most of the things to be seen in the app. One thing that I think is only seen in the video is the earthquakes list, which seems to list any and/or all earthquakes from all over the world. It seems to provide lots of data, probably more than most would ever care to see, much less use. The clock part of the app (not widget) is pretty cool and pretty useful because it shows a 12-hour prediction for the selected option of temperature, wind, and precipitation. Press the center of the clock to change. You can also long press on any of the other 11 hours (excludes current hour) see the 12-hour prediction from that hour and on.<br /><br />The developer tried to make it as user friendly as possible it seems, but it could use a little more tweaking and maybe fix a bug and add a couple of features.<br /><br />First, a minor bug, where when modifying the location list, it does not seem to always select the correct location entry, thus not always able to update/edit the correct entry. This seems to occur more so on ZIP entries.<br /><br />Two things I'd like to see added: 1) ability to permanenty exit/disable the service and app and 2) ability to create a &quot;current location&quot; location that always and only picks up current location via network/gps. #2 might already exist as I've seen the options for it, but I wasn't sure and if it does exist, it's not too clear as to what it is.<br /><br />Some things tweaks that should proably be made are as follows.<br /><br />It should probably use Foreca over Intellicast as a default because that would probably reduce the number of 1-star &quot;no data&quot;/&quot;not working&quot; reviews. For those with difficulties adding your location and getting no data, you shoud update your location list (menu &gt; more &gt; location list, select location, press the &quot;...&quot; button) and change it to Foreca to get your data (this mean you people in Renton VA, Columbia SC, Altanta GA, New YorkCity NY and others--yes I got these locations to work and I'm in Rosemead CA).<br /><br />For updating location list, there should probably be a long press for edit option or something more intuitive. The ellipsis for editing is not as intuitive and selecting the same entry twice selects the location and dismisses the location list, which can make attempts to edit confusing and a little frustrating.<br /><br />So for those who managed to read and remember what I said here, enjoy the loads of data that you'll probably never make use of, just like me.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Too change a major character in Star Wars movie history is a Tragedy.  The Blu-ray release of Stars Wars will have a complete CGI version of Master YODA in all six movies.<br /><br />I am now going to say sorry to Frank Oz and all his efforts in Star Wars movies at this time.  Other than Frank Oz's voice, George Lucas feels that a CGI version of Yoda is better through all the movies in this classic series.  I am at a loss for words, to destroy the vision of some of the greatest movies ever made in motion picture history is a very disheartening thing.<br /><br />If tarnishing the memory of Yoda is not enough; changing the color of the light-sabers makes me not want to every see the Blu-ray release of Star Wars.  It may be too late to make some changes that may appear in some distant conference room at the Skywalker Ranch.  I fear that these changes will be so devastating to Star Wars Fans.  That the current Star Wars's Fans will also become a thing of history.<br /><br />George Luca please remember us, the Star Wars Fans that have been with you since the beginning and those that are with you currently.  Because if you do not, we too will be like a sand storm on Tatooine; one minute we will be here and the next minute we will not be here.
B004EPYZXU|1.0|In space no one can hear you yawn. What an utterly boring, uneventful, corny movie. Blair Witch was brilliant, Cloverfield was well done, but by Paranormal Activity it was proven that the gimmick of recovered footage wasn't enough to carry a movie-it needs a good story. Believe me, this is NOT a good story. I kept waiting for the movie to begin...and then it was over. The only thing that this had going for it was that it's short.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Can we just get the original theatrical versions on BluRay? Is it that difficult, are we asking too much? Please.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Before I watched this series, I had no idea that passing a tea cup or shaking someone's hand could be so romantic, but man was I wrong!   Daniela Denby-Ashe is very beautiful and she plays her role perfectly, when I think of North and South, I picture (besides the ending scene) her laying in a field of grass with the sun on her face looking positively peaceful; her view of Helston is the image of innocence, and this scene fantastically captures that feeling.  Richard Armitage has got to be the most handsome man alive! The book makes John Thornton sound near-perfect but BBC made the best possible choice when casting Armitage. He plays the role of a hard, chiseled factory master who has a soft side for philosophy and history. When Mr. Hale and his family move to Milton, Thornton begins having lessons with him and the two become friends; Margaret sits in on these lessons and she and Thornton have numerous arguments because they cannot see eye-to-eye with another.  This story is not only the most romantic movie I've ever seen, but its message to the viewers is powerful. We grow to love the characters as if they were actually friends rather than stars on a movie screen.  Once you have watched the movie and you love it (and you WILL love it) you must check out the book by Elizabeth Gaskell, it's even better than the series, which is saying a lot!    \\"I wish I could tell you how lonely I am. How cold and harsh it is here. Everywhere there is conflict and unkindness. I think God has forsaken this place. I believe I have seen hell and it's white, it's snow-white.\\" -Margaret Hale in North and South (2004)
B003ZSJ212|1.0|George Lucas needs to be checked into a mental ward.  He has lost all grip on reality.  He wasn't a great filmmaker in the first place.  He was a terrible director with a great story.  He is good at coming up with story ideas.  The two best films in the Star Wars universe are Empire, and Jedi.  Why?  Directed by someone other than LUCAS!  Lucas continues to crap on the work done by many talented people by butchering these films.  I love the original song in Jedi at the Bar scene.  Why change that?  Now it is some stupid song with a CG character that makes no sense.  Here is an idea George.  CREATE SOMETHING NEW!!  How about you come up with an idea, and CREATE a NEW film???  Is this beyond your ability?  There has to be a reason why you continue to RUIN the classic films we all grew up with.<br /><br />I will not buy anything to do with Star Wars unless it is an Original and Unaltered Blu Ray set of the ORIGINAL 4-6 trilogy.  PERIOD.<br /><br />I have the originals on LASERDISC that have been THX mastered and these will work for me until a better version of the same films are available.<br /><br />Please George, Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo More!!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I something forget my bible in the car and now I can just take it with me on my phone!  Love it
B003K1EYM6|2.0|I got these the sd card adapter and the usb  usb is fine but the sd card adapter only will work with a sd card 8ghc the 16g hc does not  once again apple has to do things only their way or its the highway
B001DMJ9R4|5.0|These guys are increadible, they put on one of the best shows I have ever seen.<br />They can rock non stop and keep you wanting more.
B004SKEHP2|5.0|I've had this album for 5 months now and I still listen regularly. What I like about Sum 41's music is emotion. You can just feel the emotion from their songs. This album is no different. This is one of those albums where you don't particularly have a favorite song or two; I just enjoy listening to the entire album. Actually, maybe Happiness Machine is my favorite. :) The way they wrote the songs are a little different; not your typical Verse1, Chorus, Verse2, Chorus, Bridge, Chorus formula. (Reminds me a little bit of Linkin Park's [[ASIN:B003V9J6QQ A Thousand Suns]].) It's fresh yet it still has the same important element as with their previous albums: emotion!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Nothing surprising here, folks: Mr. Lucas continues to change the past as he has always done so, with complete and utter disregard for the loyal fans who made him a multimillionaire. If his younger self were to meet him today, he would spit into his own face. Apparently, he has spent so much time exploring the Dark Side of the Force, he never noticed when he himself switched over to it.     A real disappointment, and a true dirty shame. At this point, there is no rational - or moral - reason, absolutely NO justification for not including the original, wide screen (but possibly restored/cleaned up) version of the original trilogy on these disks. I have bought every crappy edition of these movies since they first came out on DVD; NO MORE. Mr. Lucas, you have had enough of my money by now; I will not spend more on your quest for travesty and corruption.     On a related note, why don't you insert some 'much-needed' CGI Jawas into 'Casablanca' or 'Citizen Kane' instead? How about putting some CGI into 'Godfather' and 'On the Waterfront', if you are at it already? SURELY those movies would benefit from your 'brilliant' insight...
B0058P7KUA|3.0|At first I was ok with this game not running; I was using a Moto Droid at the time after all. I found it a little odd it wouldn't run on my CM7 nook color, but meh, it was a bootable SD card after all. But now it's not running on my Moto Bionic. I'm about ready to give up. It looks and sounds like a decent game, hence the preemptive 3 star rating. Once I can actually get this game running that rating will definitely change.<br /><br />Its worth noting that on every device I've tried playing on it wont load anything at all. I tap the app and all I get is blackness.
B00005NGZX|5.0|Ten years ago this week, the record above was released. . A metallic hardcore band who has now been around for two decades plus. Every release by them has been amazing but this however, is on another level. I feel bad for anybody that has to try and listen to this record for the first time in 2011, between all the hype and praise it must be difficult to filter all of that and form your own opinion. However, I recommend kicking away all the adjectives of praise you've heard, sitting down, giving this record the time it deserves and carving your own opinion out of the stone that is this record. Just stop right here and grab the record.<br /><br />Great. You've listening to it and now you're back? Awesome. I've been meaning to write a review for this record for eight years now but I just never did due to my love for it, I knew whatever I said would fall short of what I really meant to say because this in my opinion, is the greatest album of all time. However I now realize it's always going to be like that and I should just give it my best shot.<br /><br /> Now, I know this is a highly hyped and well respected album but it is so for a reason. Between the frantic and intense (yet calculated) duo of \\"Concubine\\" and \\"Fault and Fracture\\" that begin the record, followed by, \\"Distance and Meaning\\" which acts as a four minute breather/break to the speed of the first two songs. Following up, is the Godflesh-esque heavy bass line in, \\"Hell to Pay\\". The next three tracks, \\"Homewrecker\\", \\"The Broken Vow\\" and \\"Bitter and Then Some\\" play out almost as a trilogy that seems to be the musical equal of getting in the ring with Mike Tyson in his prime. This is then followed by my favorite song of all time, \\"Heaven in Her Arms\\" which I can't even talk about, it's my favorite song of all time and i'll leave it at that. \\"Phoenix in flight/Phoenix in Flames\\" & \\"Thaw\\" also act as a trilogy in terms of flow and act as a precursor to the the eleven plus minute opus that is the final song and title track (this song reminds me of the hardcore/punk bastard offspring of something Michael Gira/Swans would pull off. Especially once the seven minute mark hits.) and everything in between on this record fits perfectly, the song order fits like a film, one that had been edited in perfect order, creating a story that speaks extremely loud volumes and I don't simply mean the agonizing vocal shriek of Jacob Bannon. Speaking of him, the layout designed by Bannon is simply another aspect to the concept of Jane Doe, especially if you have it on vinyl because the booklet is as big as a childs picture book.<br /><br />Nate Newton (bass) and Ben Koller fit together like Seth Rogan and James Franco in some bromance comedy with tight, direct and focused performances. This would also act as the final record Aaron (now of Bane) and Kurt would be a part of and I suppose if you have to go out, there is no note higher than this record. Also, Kurts production soars here and would be one of many Converge records he produced.<br /><br />I hate talking about this record, I hate it because nothing I can say, with due it justice or let somebody know how much I love it. From the time I found it ti'll now, this record has helped me through many hardships and I am grateful. Truly, this is a masterpiece in every sense of the word.<br /><br />Happy birthday.s song reminds me of the hardcore/punk bastard offspring of something Michael Gira/Swans would pull off. Especially once the seven minute mark hits.) and everything in between on this record fits perfectly, the song order fits like a film, one that had been edited in perfect order, creating a story that speaks extremely loud volumes and I don't simply mean the agonizing vocal shriek of Jacob Bannon. Speaking of him, the layout designed by Bannon is simply another aspect to the concept of Jane Doe, especially if you have it on vinyl because the booklet is as big as a childs picture book.     Nate Newton (bass) and Ben Koller fit together like Seth Rogan and James Franco in some bromance comedy with tight, direct and focused performances. This would also act as the final record Aaron (now of Bane) and Kurt would be a part of and I suppose if you have to go out, there is no note higher than this record. Also, Kurts production soars here and would be one of many Converge records he produced.    I hate talking about this record, I hate it because nothing I can say, with due it justice or let somebody know how much I love it. From the time I found it ti'll now, this record has helped me through many hardships and I am grateful. Truly, this is a masterpiece in every sense of the word.    Happy birthday.
B0042J6VUS|4.0|GREAT ITEM! I LIKE THIS ALOT! I NEEDED A TRIPOD THAT WORKED WITH MY PHONE FOR SHOOTING VIDEOS AND THIS COMES IN HANDY WHEN MAKING VIDEOS WITH CAMERA OR PHONE! GOOD PURCHASE!
B0027BOL4G|1.0|\\"Beware of the sound of one hand clapping.\\"  That is, the first side<br />of a story always sounds credible until you hear from the other side.<br /><br />I really enjoyed watching Food Inc. twice.  Amazing cinematic production<br />and very entertaining. Although I disagreed w/ 90% of the film, it did<br />make some good points, and certainly promotes conversation.<br /><br />I think the movie misses the biggest point of all: Americans are<br />hedonistic, pleasure-seeking folk who want their cake and to eat it too,<br />and now we're overweight and looking for someone else to blame rather<br />than practicing *self control.*<br /><br />My take?  There's a lot they left out of the movie.  I believe people<br />should be given an *objective* view of the facts and then make up their<br />own minds rather than being presented only one side.  For example,<br />consider the following.<br /><br />1.  First, let me say that in 2001 I converted over to organic food<br />to become healthier.  It didn't take me long to figure out that the<br />large organic farming companies are just as greedy and deceptive as<br />the conventional companies.  Many false claims are made to promote<br />their very expensive products.  After a while, I realized I wasn't<br />getting any healthier and didn't have enough money to keep buying the<br />organic, which has never* been shown to be healthier than<br />conventional produce.  The moral of this whole story?  \\"Follow the<br />money trail.\\"  For example, the raw milk craze is based on people who<br />stand to make millions of dollars.  Raw milk is a highly lucrative<br />business and people are dying from drinking it, unfortunately.<br /><br />2. Everyone believes producers put hormones in chicken feed. . . if they did,<br />the companies would go out of business because hormones<br />*don't work* in chickens as in beef.  It's throwing money down a hole.<br />Chickens grow off bigger today because we've bred them to have larger<br />breastmuscles and have bred for faster growth, just like we've bred dairy<br />cows to have large udders and small muscles.<br /><br />3. The angry chicken farmer woman in the movie refused to retrofit her<br />chicken house w/ a tunnel ventilation cooling system.  She wanted to<br />keep making her $25,000 per house profit ($100,000 for four houses)<br />and not put money back into the system.  The poultry companies<br />cannot afford to let those old school people keep their contracts<br />b/c the birds w/ open sided houses are much hotter and<br />uncomfortable, and it takes more feed and more time to grow the birds<br />off.  Very inefficient.  Tunnel ventilation-cooled poultry houses are<br />like air conditioning.<br /><br />4. The movie presents a false image of poultry farming as taking<br />advantage of the farmers.  Some of the richest people in the south are<br />chicken farmers.  Currently, you cannot contract w/ a poultry company<br />unless you build (1) six chicken houses x $25,000 profit each =<br />$150,000 profit/year,  (2) ONLY a 15 year mortgage, so in 15 years,<br />you OWN the place and all you have to spend is upkeep, and (3) the<br />company brings you all the chicks, all the feed, a veterinarian, any<br />medications you need, and then picks the chickens up after 4-7 weeks.<br />There are hundreds of people who have left highly lucrative careers in<br />the south to go into poultry farming because they could make more<br />money there.  Now get this. . . On top of all of that, most people w/6<br />houses hire a farm hand to run the farm for them, then the farmer only<br />has to work 10 or 20 hours a week.<br /><br />5. Remember the poor pitiful family that wouldn't cook their own food<br />at home?  They would spend $12 for hamburgers and sodas in their car,<br />but said that broccoli was too expensive at $1.29 a pound.(??)  For $5<br />they could have made 3.5 pounds of cheese broccoli.  \\"But I don't like<br />cheese broccoli\\" someone might say.  \\"OK, well, that's why you're<br />fat,\\" I might say.  Just because a person doesn't like eating healthy<br />food, doesn't mean they should blame their health problems on others.<br /><br />Furthermore, the oldest daughter of that family had upper and lower<br />*BRACES* on her teeth.  So, the family could afford $6,000 to<br />straighten her teeth, but couldn't pay $3.87 for three pounds of<br />broccoli and now they blame everyone else but themselves for their bad<br />choices and the father's diabetes.(?)  Also, the oldest daughter had time<br />to go to a psychological support group counseling session to help her<br />deal with the fact that her father has diabetes, but she doesn't have<br />time to cook her family some beans and rice.(??)  Some Asian friends I went<br />to college with claimed they could eat for $30 a month.  How?  They<br />bought 40 lb. sacks of rice and cooked rice and dried beans.<br /><br />6.  A large part of the movie was related to GMO soybeans, which<br />allows farmers to grow record levels of soybeans on very small pieces<br />of land.  Why do you think 90% of farmers use the GMO soybean seed described<br />in the film?  Because they have greater yields and make *more money*<br />than with the old seed.  Companies have spent hundreds of millions of dollars<br />developing and promoting these products (which is why it is patented)<br />but now the guy who cleans seeds isn't willing to respect the company's<br />intellectual property rights and isn't willing to change with the<br />times.  Furthermore, GMO crops have never been shown to be harmful to<br />us or the environment.<br /><br />7. The American Meat Institute is the trade association (spokesman)<br />for the meat industry.  It speaks for the companies so they won't get<br />in trouble and get sued.  AMI has requested since 1998 to be<br />interviewed by the producer of Food Inc. and to be included in the<br />2009 movie, but Food Inc. denied them this.  An articulate,<br/>intellectual response to their ideas would ruin the whole show.<br /><br />8. If America went 100% organic, we would have to deforest the country to grow<br />enough food for everyone.  Modern agriculture is many times more efficient<br />than we were 100 years ago, meaning we are using less land than we would be<br />using under the old system.  Thus, modern farming is more environmentally-friendly<br />with regard to carbon emissions, greenhouse<br />gases, and land usage.<br /><br />9. Some supermarket chains have been pressured into only selling milk<br />from cows that have not been given hormones.  The fact is that hormones<br />*do not* enter the milk of the cow.  The meat?  Yes.  The milk?  No.<br />What does this mean?  It means the supermarket chains now use milk<br />produced *less efficiently*, requiring more feed, more land, more<br />money, and more natural resources.  Reducing hormone usage in cattle<br />reduces milk and meat efficiency which leads to a greater environmental<br />burden.<br /><br />10. The movie demonizes raising cattle in feedlots.  The fact is,<br />cattle are pasture-raised (grass-fed, hay-fed) for years and then for<br />the last 5 months, they are fattened up in feed lots.  It has never<br />been proven that grass-fed cattle lead to lower cases of E. coli than<br />feedlot cattle.  Currently, there is an E. coli strawberry outbreak<br />in Oregon.  Guess where they traced the E. coli back to?  DEER feces,<br />from grass-fed deer.<br /><br />11. Another myth is that hormones in conventional beef are causing<br />girls to mature faster.  The fact is, girls reaching puberty is<br />contingent on the amount of *body fat* they have, because excess fat<br />leads to excess hormone production in the body.  That's why female<br />olympic gymnists often don't reach puberty until they are in their<br />20's, because they have almost zero body fat.  A fat adolescent who<br />eats only organics is going to reach puberty BEFORE a skinny<br />adolescent who eats conventional hormone-produced beef at every-meal.<br />Why are girls reaching puberty faster today?  Because our society is<br />overweight.  Weight problems are at epidemic proportions in grades<br />3-6, thus the situation w/ the girls reaching puberty earlier.<br /><br />12. The world's population is growing at 1.2% a year.  We can't afford<br />to go back to the old inefficient system.<br /><br />13.  The current scientific data says that conventional vs. organic foods<br />are equivalent in nutrition and safety (except for unpasteurized milk,<br />which is more dangerous).<br /><br />Are there problems with the modern system?  Certainly.  We can go over<br />those sometime, if you like.<br /><br />My Recommendations?<br /><br />First and foremost, hear both sides of the story.  Beyond that:<br /><br />1. Don't overeat.  Don't get diabetes or heart disease.  Excess body<br />fat is also the single *biggest* predictor of contracting cancer<br />(besides smoking, of course; also alcohol contributes to 7 known types of cancer).<br /><br />2. Cut back on saturated fat and refined carbohydrates (e.g., sugar,<br />white flours, breads, pastas, crackers, chips, potatoes).<br /><br />3. Eat high fiber (buy the high fiber or double fiber bread, fiber<br />cereal, etc.) including more fruits and vegies.<br /><br />4. I take sugar-free generic brand Metamucil every night and with high-fat meals (fried foods, pork, beef, cheese, etc.)  It<br />contains soluble fiber that *sucks up* fat like a sponge so your body<br />won't.  It will lower<br />your triglycerides and lower your LDL bad cholesterol and raise your<br />HDL good cholesterol.  In the past year, I've increased my good (HDL)<br />cholesterol from 40 to 60 with fiber + 2,000 mg niacin a day, and have<br />dropped my triglyceride levels from in the high range to the low<br />range.<br /><br />5. Remove *PARTIALLY HYDROGENATED* oils<br />from your diet, which contain trans-fats - bad.<br /><br/>6. Exercise 30 min. a day.
0446556750|4.0|I've enjoyed Michael Connelly since I think his 3rd book. His Harry Bosch character is one of the more interesting in modern detective fiction, even if he's a bit stereotyped, what with the broken marriage and so forth. The Lincoln Lawyer series, which features Harry's half-brother, Mickey Haller, is also entertaining; Haller's a likeable rogue who skates on the edge of being on the side of the angels, but who always seems, more or less, to come up roses in the end.    In the current book, Mickey's been hired by the new Los Angeles DA to retry an old criminal case that's been overturned. Twenty-four years ago, a little girl was kidnapped and killed; the police quickly caught a prime suspect and convicted him, in part on the basis of blood-typing evidence, a semen stain that was found on the hem of the girl's dress. Now a \\"project\\" of lawyers who get inmates freed from prison on the basis of new DNA comparisons, has taken on the case, gotten the DNA test run, and found that the semen stain didn't belong to the suspect. Ergo, he must be not guilty...except that when the cops run the DNA through their database, the results convince them that the guy in question is still the killer. However, the current DA doesn't want his office trying the case, to avoid a conflict of interest (because it would look as if they were trying to cover their error from the first trial) so they hire Haller to do the new prosecution. He asks for his ex-wife to be his assistant, and Bosch to be his investigator, and together the three of them set off to put the guy back in prison.    I have to say, the premise was interesting, and the execution is short enough that the book doesn't really drag, but the ending was a let-down. Without going into any details, by the time the book is 2/3 the way through you can pretty much figure out how it's going to come out. The author did do a few things I didn't expect, but they're not directly related to the solution of the story, more like loose end type things. Also, at least as far as I could see, there weren't any of the cute little cameos of characters from his other books that Connelly sometimes adds in.     All in all, a worthy effort, but not his best.
1579128149|5.0|I am not a Chemist nor have I ever been interested in Chemistry, but I bought this book and have loved it ever since. It sits as one of the few books on my side table in my living room and draws more attention than any other book. Once you pick it up, it's hard to put down. The pictures are amazing. The stories are fascinating. The information is incredible. Theodore Gray's book is worth having... even if you're not into Chemistry!
B0008ENHTE|5.0|There will NEVER be an action movie done with the realism as you see in Bullitt. No animation,no phoney computer generated background. THIS IS THE REAL THING>  The next best car chase is the French Connection-again REALISM on the streets. Keep Gone in 60 Seconds or Vin Diesel they can't hold a candle to the BEST-STEVE MCQUEEN.  Check out the streets in San Francisco next time you're there and then you'll realize the authenticity of this film. STEVE is #! and always will be #!.  I miss the Man and he'll never be forgotten.He is a part of me forever-PURE CLASS
B0058EBNAO|1.0|does not work on nexus s. server errors, no data errors. don't waste your time. now I see why it went from paid to free app.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Don't let the long and laughable name of this app fool you.  This is bound to become my favorite weather application.  The \\"clock\\" display is brilliant, especially with the tap ability to switch what is displayed for each hour (conditions, temp, windspeed and direction, etc).  My only wish is that there was an icon or etc to tap to switch to radar view instead of having to go into the menu screen to select it.
B005IFWXWU|5.0|WHILE LOOKING FOR MORE GREAT BLUES ALBUMS ON AMAZON, LOW AND BEHOLD, HERE'S A GREAT ONE FOR A BLUES LOVER LIKE ME!!!  WHO KNEW HE COULD DO SUCH A GREAT JOB?! FAST, SLOW, SMOKING HOT, IT HAS A VARIETY, AND ALL I CAN SAY, IS:  I WISH I HAD BEEN IN THE QUARTER TO SEE HIS PERFORMANCE IN PERSON!
0553381709|5.0|This is the second time I read this book and I'm grateful for it. There's so much I didn't remember... Well, there is not much I can say about this book without giving out many details and taking away the surprise out of it, so I'm just going to say it's even better that the second one. This one is more a page turner than A Clash of Kings. The story takes many unexpected turns and you get surprised by many of the characters outcomes and decisions. It's amazing what families can do to achieve or maintain power, not only to other families but among themselves. This book in particular gives you much more adventure and excitement in battles and encounters.<br /><br />As I read on, I like Jamie more and more, regardless of what he's done before. I enjoy how Tyrion works things out and the brilliant mind he has. I still don't like the Regent Queen a bit, but I love the woman Daenerys is turning out to be. Things also get more interesting at The Wall. We get to read more about Jon and Samwell and their whereabouts.  Stannis Baratheon is turning out to be quite a character himself, we have to keep an eye on him too, as well as some of the family members of House Tyrell. And one of my favorite characters, Arya Stark is worth following on this book. She's really turning out to be an amazing young lady, and the way it looks House Stark will give us some surprises too.
B005D0RDIE|5.0|I took my son to the White River show in 2010 and the last show of the tour at The Gorge at George in Washington State. I told my son after the first show that if a DVD came out that it would be a definite \\"buy it\\".  I saw the Trio for Permanent Waves and Moving Pitchers (Pictures) and lost track of them in the eighties and nineties.    After watching several of their Rush in Rio and R20 DVD's I thought to myself, \\"Wow, these guys are better now than when the last time I saw them\\", I got to see them.  We had the pleasure of getting 6th row seats for White River Show in Seattle and was totally blown away.  I have read some negative reviews of The Time Machine Tour by some fans who did not like the set list or some other reason. I say nay nay to the nay sayers.   This is a band that plays a three hour set and still has another thirteen hours of material they could play.  They have been together for over forty years and their body English says that they still they enjoy playing in front of fans and being together on stage. They may have changed their sound through the years but returned to the basics and have never changed their musical ethics.   The bands video presentations, smart camera angles, pyrotechnics, sound mix, lighting and musicianship made the two shows I went to memorable.      The DVD is coming out and I have pre-ordered it. Why? Because every time I hear Spirit of Radio I think of \\"That piece of garbage. That's not garbage, that is a Gefilter, an invention of musical genius\\" and get goose pimples.     For you who have never had the pleasure of watching the Toronto Power Trio in action this DVD will the next best thing. It will make want to see them live. The next time they tour, BUY A TICKET.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Wow what a great release! These movies were so borign when I watched them as a kid. It was nothing but wordz and bad special affect's. But now there are zany cartoons farting added into the scenes and digital updates to make them canonically match the awesome prequels! Awesome, rite??<br /><br />Also they make Darth Vader say \\"NOOOOOO...!\\" when the throws the Emperor into the pit! That's great because at first, I didn't get why he threw the Emporor into the pit. But now I understand he was thinking \\"NOOOO\\"!<br /><br />5 stars A+
0142429104|2.0|I ordered this brand new but it arrived in very shabby condition ( broken and crushed box).  The item appeared used. I am not sure if I will order from this company again.
0300169787|5.0|Beautifully photographed fashion design and beautiful reproductions; what a loss for the fashion world and the world at large. McQueen was a major talent.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|does not even install on NookColor.... can't even see the app in action.  and being in a floos zone of PA it would be good to have.
B005J0VPNC|4.0|i got this window trying to see what this app is all about. maybe they will tell me after i wrte and post this. wish me luck!
B004Z2TUGE|4.0|Pretty entertaining movie - wasn't expecting much because I didn't hear much about it but I was surprisingly entertained. Visually striking special effects. Action sequences reminded me of Buffy the Vampire Slayer (the TV series) blended with the Force from Star Wars.  Characters were good, storyline OK (had some holes, and not very original). Overall a good action/sci-fi movie.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|does what I want it to... word could use some work when adding an imaging or just text lines but other that its great. love the recent update.
B00000G3I2|4.0|Arrived on time.  I have wanted to add this movie to my collection for a long time.  So glad I could.
B004SDSSFY|5.0|simple and easy. I wish it had some.more templates to modify sense using images in word isn't perfect yet but other than that its a real solid app.
B00001W9G0|5.0|I have always enjoyed films by Barbara.   Also enjoy her singing.   Decided to order this video since it was one that I have not seen  Jennie
0439023521|5.0|Words can not describe how freaking wonderful this book is. It's justt soooo amazing. I expected it to be good, due to other people going on and on about it. BUT IT WAS SO MUCHH BETTER THAN WHAT I EXPECTED. THE END.
0553801473|1.0|Some people think that adding water to the soup just makes more soup... they are wrong, in the end, the bowl has less soup. This book is mostly water...as much as the previous one.<br /><br />I'm still hopeful that GRR will tighten the series up for the next two; otherwise it will be s slow and painful read until the end.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I think that persons whom belittle and \\"dog\\" this saga due to George Lucas' continued tweeking, need a life.  Has anyone even bothered to ask Lucas if all the tweeking he is doing, is actually the \\"vision\\" he started with in the 70's for the saga in the first place?<br /><br />Granted, i am not too happy with the CGI Yoda in all six films, in my opinion, the CGI version is so 1D but the puppet version is more 3D, more tangable, same for the CGI Jabba for that matter but i dont own the films.  For those reviewers that stated that Lucas destroyed or ruined their childhood, you honestly need a life if you're based your childhood on a film.  If George Lucas wanted to completely tweak the films beyond recognization..., at the end of the day, HE HAS TO LIVE WITH THAT DECISION and who are you to critize him for it.  If only people had this much passion and outrage over stuff that really mattered..., like hunger in our country, or the homeless, or hate crimes, then this world would be an entirely different place than what it is now.
1931559317|5.0|In the field this is the must have compact atlas. Even with a goto scope I use this atlas to get my bearings. I gave my last copy away at a recent star party so this is a replacement.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Can't find any info for my area.  I zoom out and realize it thinks I'm in Antarctica.  Glad I didn't pay for it, and kinda wish I was in Antarctica.
B0033KR5XY|3.0|A complete set of Bach Organ works is always welcome by a new artist, and for those of us who are dedicated lovers of this group of music this set is worth owning.  If, however, you are a sometimes listener, the voicings Mr. Preston uses may grow tedious and are done in the more modern style which is reminiscent of the circus band organ and relies heavily on the flute voices.  Also, his variations on meter and accent are mostly unnecessary, and seem to be an attempt to make up for the repetitious voicing.  I always feel very bad about making these kinds of comments, because the time spent by the artist to achieve this level of mastery and record such a body of work is monumental.  If you want to hear what baroque organ can do, I suggest Helmut Walcha's renditions[[ASIN:B00004SAAX Bach: The Organ Works (Box Set)]].  There are several less well-known organists playing today who appear to be superior to Mr. Preston in their ability to wring the fine tonalities from the baroque organ.  Having said that, the artist must make his own choices and be true to his vision.
B002ZG99NG|2.0|I ordered this specific item, the movie disc, The Town, because it stated it was the extended cut version and had both the Blu-ray and DVD discs included.      When I received the product, only the Blu-ray had the extended cut version.  DVD is NOT extended cut.  I feel deceived from the information I had when I placed the order with Amazon.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|this app is awesome. the app that you just rated badly it smarter than you are. this thing works better than Weatherbug and acuweather.
B004A8ZX2I|4.0|I enjoyed this one. No this isn't Taken, but it was still very good. The blu ray looks fantastic as well. I am a big fan of Liam in any movie and this does not dissapoint.
B004ZJZQ92|2.0|This is an okay one time watch, but it is not worth the purchase. I am big fan of the spy genre, but this failed to live up to my expectations. There is a ton of unnecessary exposition, and no real tension. I didn't care much for the characters either.
B0013FSL3E|3.0|I ordered the Wall-E (Single Disc Edition) using my Amazon Prime.  It came in one day which was great and the outer packaging was ok as well.  When I opened the outer packaging the box the DVD was in was not your normal plastic DVD case, it was more of a cardboard box with a pullout section containing the DVD.  It was sealed but pretty banged up on all sides.  It just seemed a bit sketchy to me.  This may be normal packaging for some DVDs but I have never seen it before and regardless it was not in good condition.  I have not checked the DVD yet but I am expecting it will be fine, but if not I will be updating this review.  I am an avid Amazon consumer and this was the first time I have ever had any question or concern with any of their sellers.
0694524441|5.0|First off, I will say I generally wouldn't read a book like this.  I have researched alchemy personally and academically, and am generally prone to more traditional meditation practices.  Books like this usually strike me as shallow, as many reviews here point out.    This book is less a book than a story.  I heard it in the audio version, read by Jeremy Irons.  It is a myth, a parable, a story that one might have in an earlier setting heard around a campfire.  It is, in my opinion, better heard than read, and better absorbed than pondered.  The messgage is not so much analyzed as felt, it is a transmission from person to person.      The fact that this is a simple book, with a simple story referncing simple truths does not mean it is unworthy.  Simple is by no means easy, for if it were, the world would have no need of books like this to remind us of these truths.    Unlike many authors, I feel that Mr. Coelho is speaking from personal experience.  I would, and have, recommended this book in its audio form.  Jeremy Irons is a fantastic reader and brings this book to life.
0439023513|5.0|Not as exciting as the first two , but just as good. Not giving out any spoilers but this was a great end to an amazing story.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Lucas can't help himself, maxing more bizarre scene changes. Buying this will only encourage him to do more. Please don't reward Lucas for the destruction of the original trilogy!
B004DLPXAO|3.0|I like it, but cannot share quotes on facebook &amp; Twitter like the kindle.  That is really a shame because it was helping to sell books.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|You don't need to switch settings when writing in both languages at the same time. In addition, it supports arrows keys,  which others keyboards neglect to include.
0525422943|4.0|First of all, how short/long was this book? I started reading it about 5 hours ago on my kindle and with just two breaks, I finished it. Tears and all.<br /><br />I got teary-eyed a few times and cried twice, again. The first book was written from Mia's point of view and Where She Went was written from Adam's point of view. It takes place a few years after the accident.<br /><br />I think I enjoyed reading it more from his perspective. Of course, I didn't anticipate that the story would have begun the way it did. I thought Mia and  Adam would be figuring each other out in their long distance relationship. I thought that the hardest struggle would be making time see each other since they she would be at Juilliard and he would be touring. I'm glad it did though. I love happy endings, sometimes I need them. But they didn't have their happy ending; I don't think it would made the impact it did.<br /><br />Reading the book was a little difficult for me, anyone who has been dumped remembers what it feels like.<br /><br />For more, please go to: [...]
140053271X|5.0|I received my nook for father's day.  I've been considering an e-reader for some time and then coincedentily Barnes and Nobles introduced their 2 new Nooks. My wife being ever so generous bought me the Nook color, which was very cool.  Because I was only interested interested in a simple reader I returned it and purchased the Nook touch.  After having my Nook for the past 3 months I couldn't be happier.  It is incredibly easy to use and it's size is perfect.  The best thing is the battery life.  I have only charged this device 4 times since owning it.    If you are interested in \\"apps\\", or music, or surfing... this product is not for you.  If you are interested in reading you will not be dissapointed!     My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that I wish there were more books available that I could share.  Hopefully this will change in the future.  From what I've read this feature is not available in other readers, so it's hard to consider this a negative.
0393316041|5.0|It has been a long time since I first read this book, and had an opportunity to re-read it while on vacation in Maine a few weeks ago. Feynman was a blue collar character who became a great physicist and a wonderful raconteur and devilish prankster! He never forgot his humble beginnings and was as at home with waiters as he was with Noble Lauretes. This isn't a book about science, it is a book about Feyman's puckish sense of humor, which could be a tad harsh at times, but this reflected his humble roots...this wasn't an intellectual ironic Lampoonish sense of humor, but a \\"Gotcha\\" trap sprung on the unsuspecting. Wondeful anecdotes here which I won't spoil, but if you hav'nt read this yet, tuck it in your bookbag and open at any page. Great fun!
B003YL4LYI|2.0|I went through the first three books in quick succession, but the 4th really dragged on and on.  This was just long for the sake of... being long.  And %14.99 for a kindle book?  That's just plainly a rip-off.  I'd tell you to wait for the HBO miniseries, but frankly I don't think the HBO version will make it this far through the series.<br /><br />JRR Tolkien knew how to hold the readers' interest, and more importantly, when and how to end a story.
B004XQO90O|2.0|You know the old adage .....<br />\\"No matter how good something feels, if you rub the same spot too long it ceases to be enjoyable and becomes highly annoying\\" ?<br /><br />SOURCE CODE proves the truth of this phrase.<br /><br />After about the fourth (4) \\"Groundhog Day\\" in this movie, we no longer cared about the characters, the parallel universes, the alternate realities or if the bombs exploded or not.<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />The initial curiosity and tension of the film got beat out of the movie thru repetition ....<br /><br />You get the idea ..<br /><br />SOURCE CODE was essentially an 8 minute movie repeated 12 times with MINOR variances each time to try and impart some pseudo-science , pseudo-psychology, pseudo- entertainment  value ............ but then throws much of this development out the window during the last 10 minutes with what I assume was NOT the original intended ending, but some Hollywood executives forcing the typical \\"formula\\" ending unto the director under duress.<br /><br />I always feel bad when a movie does not really work, because I know how hard it is to be creative and keep coming up with ideas.<br />Making an original story is not easy and good movie making is very difficult also.<br /><br />That is why great movies are often cherished by people .....  but, sadly SOURCE CODE was simply bland and forgettable.sadly SOURCE CODE was simply bland and forgettable.
B001MS7IBS|5.0|You have to watch this show from episode 1, you can't miss a show, and you'll probably want to go back and re-watch a few episodes.  Shows like this can sometimes get on my nerves because if they aren't interesting enough to keep my attention I'll stop watching for a while and then be totally lost.  Fringe has grabbed my attenntion and held it since the very beginning.    If you were a fan of the X-files when it started you'll love this show.  It just keeps getting better and better with every episode.  Every thing you think may just be a one off mention or not have any lasting consequence will come back a few episodes later with a new twist.    I'm a total addict and my one warning about this show to everyone is that if you watch just a few of the first episodes you will be too.
B003B2H3MC|4.0|The first question has to be why pay this much for a campy movie based on a popular comic?     The answer is simple: the movie is not only fun but in the original Cinemascope aspect is sharp and beautifully detailed. Add to that the remarkable clarity of the soundtrack and you have a real pleasure. I purchased the Black Shield of Falworth issed by Eureka and now that I've seen a second example of their product quality, I have to say that they have an excellent offering here and look forward to more titles.     Here's the flaws: portions of the movie, particularly the opening titles suffer from \\"frame jitter\\" (the image moves horizontally slightly, but it is obvious). I also had image \\"sparkling\\" at the 1080p setting on my video cards, which disappeared at the lower 720p.     Nothing is perfect but after seeing this, the old copies I have of this movie won't be watched. It is that superior.
B003NX76BM|5.0|I have read most of her books both by her and her alter ego JD Robb and I think this is an excellent blend of both!  I laughed out loud and could really identify with her characters!!  While I frequently get them at the library and even re-get them at the library often - this is a MUST OWN!!  Thank you, Nora Roberts!!
1592802974|5.0|Ive read all of the market wizards and These books are a great way to get insight on top traders from the earlier days to present. I really enjoy reading these books. I hope Jack writes another one soon.
B005KAH7QU|4.0|Loved the acting and action in this movie, if the father had been given a few weapons in which to defend himself and I could understand the parts that lacked subtitles I would have given 4 1/2 stars.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I must say I didn't think much of this book in the beginning despite all the raving reviews but after a couple chapters into the book I was hooked. This book was extremely hard to put down. I kept thinking to myself that I will take a break after reading a chapter but the last sentence of each chapter always hooks you back in making you want to read on. Flawless job by the author. I would highly recommend this book and I can't wait till the movie comes out!! Hopefully the director does this movie justice as in many cases I believe the movies fail to live up the books.
B0041KKYBA|2.0|This film is a documentary of the 2008 financial collapse. It attempts to offer an in-depth analysis of what went wrong with the financial system, placing most of the blame on none other than George W. Bush (surprise?).  No mention is made of the fact that it was a very socialistic democratic congress that essentially controlled governmental financial dealings. Oddly, the film uses two faux-pundits to help sort out was went wrong with the housing bubble and collapse of AIG and Lehman Brothers. The first was Barney Frank, who waxed eloquent about how proper regulations were not put in place on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Oddly, it was Frank and the democratic party that refused to listen to warnings. Barney is more to blame than anybody in the collapse of Fannie and Freddie. The second faux-pundit was George Soros, the consummate hypocrite who has made more billions off of shady dealings on Wall Street than anybody alive. The only benefit that I received from the film is that I was left with the impression that it is the fox that guards the financial hen-house.  The film shows adequately that even the academic institutions are now besot with corruption with very lucrative advisory roles given to many economics professors.  It has enough fairness to admit that even St. Obama has failed the faithful by continuing Wall Street personnel such as Larry Sommers, Timothy Geithner and many others who have failed the public trust through corrupt actions.
4789009637|3.0|I am a native Japanese and using this to teach American people Japanese language via skype.<br />It is generally good, has detailed and excellent explanations on grammar things but<br />one thing I can't even believe is that its CD has a rather serious mistake.<br />They say ''kita (came)\\", the past tense of ''kuru(come)\\" like \\"kita (north)\\" in lesson9!
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is a fun, polished game with relaxing music, intuitive gameplay, and nice graphics. I'm very glad i bought it!
B004G600A4|5.0|This is one of the better new disney movies it holds closer to some of the classics that I grew up Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, it was funny and charming and bareable for the average adult to watch!
0064410935|4.0|Charlotte's Web: A book to keep any reader tangled up in its every word      Who doesn't love a story about an adorable pig and one girls will to keep him alive?  Charlotte's Web is a fun and enjoying way to read about the love one girl has and how this love can save one little pigs life.  E.B. White has a setup of characters that come from reality but have a fantasy twist about them.  All the farm animals can speak, giving the story a humorous format.  The story shows how growth and maturity can come from ones actions throughout life.  A strong sense of giving and community can be seen in the actions of all those involved.  Selflessness is actually a very reoccurring theme as well as love and caring.  The idea of the life cycle can be identified as well and the grade level is an appropriate one to cover various life cycle routines.  Various illustrations throughout the story enhance the understanding of the reader.    The simple plot of farm life is a great set up for the story and gives students a look into a lifestyle they may not be familiar with.  While many aspects of the plot may seem humorous, White does seem knowledgeable about farm life therefore making the overall plot seem believable if the student can simply look past some of the humorous fantasy.       While animals do not realistically talk, the voices and personality given to the various farm animals do add to the value of the story.  Through their voices the animals have a number of conversations with each other and the main human character, Fern.  These conversations show true feelings and can provide students with a reference point into their daily lives.  While the story is mainly fantasy, the characters do provide a very basic understanding of their real world lives.  White does a tremendous job of bring the story to life for her readers and anyone who enjoys a heartfelt story based on friendship will love Charlotte's Web.       Charlotte's Web is a great story to use for comparison and contrastin the classroom.  A movie is based on the story as well and after viewing the movie, students can use their skills to both compare and contrast the two.  A fun classroom activity that would bring the story truly to life would be a class play.  The students could create the setting and portray various characters.  Your class could then move on to perform the play for a younger grade.  Charlotte's Web should be a fun book to read and therefore fun activities should be used to enhance the students learning.
B005LF9IO8|5.0|A really different suspence, action, thriller.  Watch it for ten minutes and you are hooked until the end.  Hanna is the best female child assasin movie I have seen, the character is both likeable and deadly.  Telling too much may ruin it for you, watch it yourself, it is worth it, 5 stars!
B0043RSE2M|5.0|i love this movie. watched it many times in regular form and thought it would be great in 3d. i was right. the minions come out and float in the room. colors are really bright. the girls are so cute. i would highly recommend this in 3d
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Lucas will continue crapping on storytelling (\\"NOOOOO\\"? Are you serious?) and film history (replacing practical effects that were pivotal in the development of filmmaking, with CGI) as long as we keep giving him our money. Let's send him a message and let this release bomb. Original untouched movies, or nothing, George.
0452289963|2.0|I have not received this book and it's been a long time since I order it, maybe it's a problem in the mail office in Mexico or who knows. Thanks.
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|fun but lags and freezes too much which means you have to force close or restart phone. also ads block the view.
1401384854|5.0|was written after Halberstam's master work, The Best & the Brightest on the Vietnam War which is considered his best work. Being done in the reverse order from which they occurred in history you might wonder if this account of the  Korean War is shaded a bit differently than it might have been. In some places it becomes very personal with sketches of some of the principals famous & not so that participated in this war.           Mao had a better grasp on demographics than most of the leaders of his time. He certainly had less remorse. He could stomach more loses than the entire United Nations could. It seemed not to bother him to sacrifice 500,000 or more men in the meat grinder that Korea was to become. It was our own overwhelming weapons technology that held back the unlimited manpower of China & led to eventual stalemate right back where they started: the 38th parallel.      It needn't have happened. After World War II  Korea had been partitioned North & South, free & communist, the U.S. State Department omitted South Korea from it's declaration of U.S. vital interest in Asia. This made The north confident enough that the U.S. would not intervene. They attacked & soon had defeated the South Korean army & had them & us boxed into a little corner of south east Korea. South Korea held at what is known as the Pusan Perimeter. The U.S. sent troops. It was the genius that was General Douglas MacArthur who was responsible for the invasion of mostly American troops on Inchon, on the opposite side of the peninsula. An improbable & amazing success. If General MacArthur had died there, he would have been hailed as the greatest American general since  Washington. He then messed up big time. In his hubris he decided to follow-up his success & pursue the North Koreans. He made a mistake that a 2nd year cadet would not have made. He divided his army in unfamiliar terrain. Worse, the two armies had no way of communicating with each other. In those days nobody could question thegreat MacArthur, not even his bosses in Washington. As American troops advanced to the Yalu River,the unthinkable happened. The Chinese attacked en-masse with 2000,000 troops & more coming. The UN troops had to fall back past the 38th parallel, until massive modern weaponry could be brought to bear. Because of his failure & saber rattling concerning his plans for invading China, MacArthur was sacked. Truman often said it was the best decision of his presidency. This is a really major history by a great historian. Unfortunately, David Halberstam, died in an automobile accident days after this book was completed.
B004SMDJ9U|5.0|I found the quality to be excellent and well worth ordering. i enjoy the show and am glad i now have a copy of the first season
160059672X|5.0|Sherry Serafini's Sensational Bead Embroidery Is a fantastic  book.  I wanted to learn how to bead around round beads, and this book has it all.  Lots of projects, and clear instructions.  If you are new to bead embroidery, this is a great find, or if you have already mastered the stitch, there is still enough new  to be interesting.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Been using this app for 7 months and it's great--graphics make it easy to see hourly temp/wind/rain, 10 day forecast, lots of \\"current weather\\" info.  Highly customizable--colors, widgets, frequency of updates, etc.  You can have it notify you of alerts or not.  I've tried most weather apps and nothing beats this.
0307477479|2.0|I looked all over for this book, It won several big prizes.    I read it and I did not like it much.  It was very confusing, On three or more pages you did not know who was doing the talking.  Many times, There were a lot of people that they only mentioned once, and some that were throughout the book.  In the middle of the book is a cartoon, showing how each  person knew the other person some time in their life.    I would not recomend this book to anyone.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I bought the book a while ago and did not read it. I finally gave it a chance after a co worker wouldnt stop talking about how much she liked the book and next thing I know we're both going over it. I really enjoyed the first two but the third one was one big depressing story that I could have gone without. Definitely give them a read though, you wont regret it.
B000E8QVWY|2.0|Reese Witherspoon was wonderful per usual and she captured the quirky personality of June Carter.  Phoenix was not so good.  He ought not have tried to sing it himself either.  Johnny Cash's voice was clear as a bell and JP's muddy and nasal.  Johnny and June were much bigger than this movie made them out to be, I think.
1451629184|5.0|This young lady displayed an incredible amount of courage in sharing with the world her story ...she is an absolute inspiration
B0000009SF|5.0|The Grand Wazoo is a great album. It is a big band album by Frank and it is unique in that it is more of a composition orchestration piece than what he'd done before. The musicianship is great. This album is enjoyable to listen to as ambient music or more actively. Highly recommended.
B002XTXG1G|1.0|Why a movie was made about a man who liked to brutalize, kidnap, demean and torture others is astounding and a waste of resources. His kidnapping and sadism against his art teacher who tried to help him, completely destroyed any sympathy I may have had for him. Bronson is a complete psychopath and this movie could have focused on a more humane person.
B003L77G38|2.0|First, all of the episodes play fine.  They look great in Blu Ray.  5 Stars for the show, however, the disk menu functionality leaves much to be desired.  This is the first Blu Ray disk playback issue I've had w/ player Sony BDP-BX38 - whose firmware is up to date.  \\"BD Live\\" and most of the \\"Features\\" lock up the player, which then has to be restarted.  So, I guess this review's as much of a slam on Sony as it as on Warner Home Video.  Apparently, BR development isn't all that commonized yet.  My options are- wait it out and hope that Sony's next update fixes the issue or to exchange the blu ray for DVD.  Undecided.
B0040JHL72|5.0|Got an email saying these shoes are being \\"phased out\\".  I have had 3 pairs and ordered another for backup because I like them so very much.  Hopefully, these will be saved or replaced with similar or better.  I have NO complaints about these shoes.  Unless they go away, I will be ordering more in the future when I wear these out.  They are absolutely great for me.
B0058P7KUA|1.0|Its complicated to play and very bloody. Removed from phone. I dont recommend this game at all. Not for children under the age of 13.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|ultimately this film is about the creative exhuberence of the universe from the cosmic to a particular family.  combines the tight intellectual construction of kubrick with the magical realism of tarkofsky.  brilliant, but not for everyone.  This is elegantly simple complexity.  Tree of Life:  Trunk(the energies of creation resulting in the physical universe  Large Branch(the creation of life, particularly animal life based on eat and get eaten  Smaller Branch(the branching off of other behaviors such as dominance and curiosity).  All of the energies of the tree flow through the twig or leaf (humanity).  Interspersed with dramatic portrayals of the three main tree parts or propositions, the life of a human family is examined as the energies of the tree of life (creative universe) subtly express and influence.  No plot or action.  Just intellectual proposition combined with beautifully examined detail.  A simply constructed exposition about infinite complexity.
B0051MKNV8|3.0|I was disappointed in this movie.  I expected more in the plot.  It sort of dragged in the beginning and I was lost as to where it was headed.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|I have not been this entranced in a reading since Anne Rice. This book will capture your heart and soul and leave with a strong desire for more. Deborah Harkness, you very well may be the next Anne Rice. Thank you for not going the way of Twilight...
0452287022|5.0|I found this to be a very interesting book. One of my hobbies is painting, so I was expecially interested in how an artist had to mix paints back then and other aspects of it. I thought it was clever how the author viewed a painting and made a story out of it. The discriptions of the times were facinating too. I read this for book club, and we will discuss it next week. I am sure it will be an interesting discussion.      Amazon Verified purchase
B001E45XT4|1.0|I used this headset for about 2 months without any problems. One day the retractable microphone got stuck and I spent hours trying to free it. When it's retracted no one can hear me in ventrilo (a program for gamers to talk to each other). It finally slid out and worked normally, but every time after that the mic would get stuck if it was in the retracted position. Sometimes you can't leave it extended if you're concerned it might get bent or break.    Eventually after too many attempts to extend the mic the plastic around it just cracked and wires were exposed. After that the mic just stopped working completely though the headphones were fine.    Biggest piece of junk I've ever bought. You need to be very careful with the mic and preferably leave it extended. If it's retracted it might get stuck and if you're a gamer with a team of people waiting for you, it's frustrating as all heck.
B004HZ76FQ|5.0|I paid full price for this game and don't regret it. I own a HTC ADR 6400 (tbolt) and it plays like a dream. Hours and hours of enjoyment. The body glove case I had bought when I got the phone helps ensure a good grip with it's rubbery coating over the hard plastic. I'd recommend this case with this game. I'm not even sad I missed it as free app of the day. It's worth what I paid.
1412960991|5.0|I recommend this excellent  to Those interested in using  case studies in research.  No doubt that this book helps to use case study from a rigorous perspective.
1594744769|4.0|This is an unusual, interesting, curious novel. Although it's categorized a Young Adult (YA) it's a story that will appeal to us \\"grown-ups\\".  A young man searching into his deceased grandpas' unknown past must deal with normal teen vs. adult issues to convince them that grandpa wasn't making up stories; the adults think these are Alzheimer related. Miss Ps' is a story of love, honor, truth, unexplained events, etc.---this is why it's a story for us all. I really enjoyed Miss Ps' & hope more adults will read it.  PS...the pics are real!--very cool. Enjoy
B0042RUMIW|5.0|Simphonicities live! Amazing! Must have for a Sting fan and anyone that appreciates beautiful music. One of my favotite cds.
B004UID2LC|1.0|After downloading and installing this app, my antivirus found it malicious. I'd rather keep my Android device clean. UNINSTALL!
0300169787|5.0|After visiting the Metropolitan Museum's exhibition, I had to have this book. Its a beautiful book and the best way to remember the work of this genius of fashion and creativity. Just the cover will be a conversation piece in my coffee table.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|Fast shipping, Perfect condition! It looked brand-new! This would be a perfect gift for any child or adult. And by adult, I mean ones like me that grew up with toy Story! LOL
B0055EDBIE|5.0|I read with interest the reviews of those that didn't care for this album.  Personally, those are the very reasons that I enjoy it.      Variety of styles - My musical tastes do not lie in one genre.  My collections ranges from Big Band music to Lady Gaga.  However, while that might mean to the casual reader that all I like are popular styles of the moment, my true passions are not necessarily those.  Thus, I like artists that try different genres on the same CD, provided those work for that artist.  I don't think that a single CD has to have the same musical theme/style throughout.  Often, when that happens, one song is indistinguishable from another.  Not the case here.    Here (like another reviewer), I love the funk that Lenny brings to the fore.  As Tower of Power is perhaps my favorite band, I dug those songs (Come On Get It is killer).  And yes, like another reviewer, I pick right up on the Marvin Gaye vibe of Liquid Jesus.  While I'm not generally hip-hop fan, Boongie Drop was more than catchy enough for me.    Bottom line - this is my favorite CD start to finish that I've picked up this year.  My only issue, The Faith Of A Child has the exact same chord progression and tempo as another song, and I can't remember what that song is.  It's driving me nuts trying to remember.
B00005B364|5.0|This is quite simply one of the most amazing records ever made in any genre. It's had a profound impact on my musical life ever since I first heard it in the early 70s. The track \\"Hocus Pocus\\" was just to get everyone's attention. The real greatness is in the rest of the tracks. Actually, \\"amazing\\" doesn't really do it justice.
B004LWZW4C|2.0|I have a sony stand alone blu ray player as well as a playstation 3, and throughout the film it skips around. The sound/picture are great, but if I can only enjoy the film without it crapping out every couple of minutes. Fix the issue and send us customers replacements.
B0050PYNOY|5.0|I wasn't sure how good this would be, I had high expectation initially or at least average expectations, because the trailers looked really good and I liked the cast.... but I heard some rumor that they didn't actually do much of a script more of a \\"plan\\" with a lot of improv.  And while there was definitely a lot of improv, it's not uncommon in comedy movies like this.  Either way, I'm not sure where the \\"no script\\" part came from, the movie was great and definitely coherent unlike something you would expect from something unscripted with too much improv.  The comedy is great, the plot is decent, and the special effects are passable to good, depending on the scene.  If you're a fan of the actors or a fan of unconventional comedy movies, then Your Highness is for you.  The style is very opposite to a lot of action movies actually... rather than a action movie mixed in with bits of comedy, it's a comedy movie mixed in with a bit of action.  The movie does stand up to repeat viewings as well, so this is something you could proudly add to your collection, rather than rent.  The extras are decent, if a bit sparse, and I haven't had a chance to listen to the commentary yet, but the 30ish minute making of was very enjoyable.  Oh, and I suppose this might sell some people - you get to see Natalie Portman in a thong.
0553801473|2.0|I was highly anticipating this book but unfortunately i agree with many of the other reviews. I rarely page skim but i couldnt help but skip through some as slow as the book moved.  On George's website he mentioned at one time before the book came out that he was struggling with the direction of the book and it is completely obvious in many of the plots.  Daenerys, Tyrion, and Jon Snow stories all drag on as if George was trying to stall actually defining a direction for them to take.  Other subplots thrown in to the mix like Bran, Davos, Jaime, and Arya were so short and tranpsired very little all they accomplish is frustration on part of the reader.  In the end this book sets up the potential for some intersting stories but hopefully George can cut out the fluff and wandering and get back to the excitement he created in previous books.  The book is worth reading just on hopes that the next will be better, but be prepared to do some page skimming to make things go faster.
B004LWZW42|4.0|I like buying my movies from Amazon, but this time Walmart had a cheaper price for X-Men First class. Amazon should have better prices on their movies to beat walmart prices. Amazon is a great online service and shall always be.    From Hugo Mattern-Ortiz
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|(Review originally posted at ReadBreatheRelax.com)<br /><br />This movie is visually stunning and emotionally powerful. I was transfixed, as Mr. Rochester would say. The scenes are lush- rolling hills, fiery susets, finely-manicured gardens. It's all so beautiful. And it contrasts well with the sparse joy and pleasure that Jane experiences in her life. She faces cruelty at the hands of her aunt and at the boarding school that she attends later. Then Jane takes the position as governess at Thornfield, the home of Mr. Rochester, and she finally finds independence, happiness and love.<br /><br />As far as the book goes- it has been several years since I read it (we're talking middle school), but it all seemed to match up. If there were any key elements left out, I didn't notice. I really enjoyed the narrative style of the movie, too. It began sort of near the end of the story and worked it's way back, which was a refreshing take of this classic that's been told and re-told many times before.<br /><br />There was one tiny detail missing at the end, but I can't mention it as it is kind of a spoiler. If you want to know what it is, please leave a comment, and I'll be glad to fill you in privately! One lady in the theater even shouted out the missing detail after the movie was over: \\"Where's `XYZ'? What happened to it??\\" She was clearly irate as well as elderly, so she got away it with being a little crazy.<br /><br />Probably my favorite part of the whole movie is the emphasis on Jane's difference from those around her and how she is very unlike other women. The book pointed out heavily that she was extremely plain as well as poor and had a fey-like quality. She longs for independence and freedom from the harsh environment where she grew up. It's an empowering story, especially for women during that time period. I love strong women, and I see that in the small, reserved person of Jane Eyre.<br /><br />OVERALL<br /><br />I bought this movie the day it was released. It's beautiful and moving and deeply romantic. A great way to experience the novel.at way to experience the novel.
1614270775|4.0|This book is made up of very witty bits connected by not so witty bits. If you want to enjoy you have to get past all the dry bits and you can't be bothered that all of the witty bits are so very self aware.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|Apparently their weather servers only provide data for metropolitan areas.  I live in a rural area, and the closest weather I can get is 60-miles away (metropolitan area); and its not very accurate either!  Local conditions were rain for half of the state for two days, but forecast and current conditions said \\"Partly sunny\\" the whole time.  Temperature was also incorrect by nearly 10-degrees!<br /><br />Pros:<br />Pretty, hourly interface<br /><br />Cons:<br />Weather is not accurate (forecast or current conditions)<br />Weather not available outside larger cities<br />Size - 5+ MB (twice the size of \\"The Weather Channel's FREE App\\" or \\"Fancy Widget Pro\\")<br />Not movable to SD card<br /><br />Fancy Widget Pro (Time and weather) is a superior interface, and has hundreds of skins to choose from.<br />Nearly every FREE weather app is smaller in size, and most are more accurate in their forecasts or current conditions.<br />If you really want accurate weather, with updated alerts from NOAA, pick up a FREE weather app from Google's Android Market or here on Amazon's App Market.<br /><br />Suggestions for (better) alternative weather app:<br />The Weather Channel<br />Weather Bug<br />Accuweather for Android<br />Fancy Widget<br />Weather Buddy<br /><br />The developer needs to expand their servers to provide data in more areas, shrink the interface, and/or allow it to be moved to SD card for the millions of the Android users that have less than 500Mb native storage space... Size does matter!
B00425S1H8|2.0|This adapter did not work as well as one I paid $3.00 (including shipping) for on ebay! DB9 Connector had to be modified to even plug in which killed the possibility of returning it. Overall worst Amazon purchase ever! Extremely  disappointed!
B004PR71JC|5.0|My kids and I loved this movie and all of the music.  I originally was going to just download a few songs but liked ALL of the songs so bought the CD to play in the car.
1582701709|1.0|This book is perfect for welfare mothers that buy lottery tickets.    The real secret is that she is selling skunk water and making a killing because dumb morons drink this stuff up.  This book emphisizes one of Covey's 7 Traits of Highly Effective People. \\"Visualize acheiving your goals.\\"  It then goes on to tell you to have a positive outlook.  But the author tries to get you to believe this is a mystical secret.  The entire book is trash.  Hope this saves the reviewer the price of the book.  This book fails to mention that successful people get off there butts and work to make their dreams happen.  -key word is \\"work\\"-  Success is 10% inspiration and 90% perspiration.  I know this because I have a masters degree in science.
B003Y5H574|4.0|Crazy, Stupid, Love starts with happily married Cal being dropped a bomb by his wife, Emily: she's had an affair and wants a divorce. The film traces his response to her mid-life crisis - a crisis of his own, aided and abetted by Jacob, the quintessential lady-killer who helps Cal find his groove (and some style.)<br /><br />Like many modern films and television shows, CSL is a \\"dramedy.\\" When the genre is at its best, like in CSL, it really works, reaching the audience on many levels. The whole theatre laughed uproariously at the goofy parts and seemed moved by the story, which was insightful and sweet. Using Steve Carrell, Julianne Moore, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone made a big difference to the dramatic parts of the story. Because they aren't known for being in tons of puffy rom-coms, they came off as sincere and likable (except for maybe Moore, but I think that was a conscious choice on her part.) The plot devices seemed less formulaic in their capable hands.<br /><br />Yes, I said formulaic, but I still found it well-written, sometimes the clique is the right choice. I appreciated the cultural references which were mainstream and fun. More daring was the soundtrack, but it fit the film well. The cinematography also aided the storytelling of the film, there was a good amount of grain and handheld shooting that gave it a more organic quality.<br /><br />I wouldn't say this is a \\"must see in the theatre opening weekend!\\" kind of film, but I don't see many movies in the theatre these days (tickets + babysitter = not worth it.) I think most people will enjoy it, though, whenever you have the chance to see it.
B0051QO4QY|5.0|This is the best album she has out by far and you dont have to skip a track like other albums out there!!
B002ZG97LK|4.0|When I heard they were remaking Footloose, my immediate reaction was to groan. It's a pretty cheesy movie in the first place, and in the High School Musical-influenced 21st century, I was sure it would be even worse.<br /><br />I was completely surprised by this film when I had a chance to screen it last month. Director Craig Brewer (who also worked on the rewrite) has made an enjoyable movie in the spirit of the original Footloose, with its energy and fun, and possibly even surpassed it in heart.<br /><br />In the remake, the characters seem more developed and real. I did not know how anyone could live up to the iconic Kevin Bacon Ren, but the writing (particularly the changes to the backstory) combined with his talent and likability make Kenny Wormald great in this role.<br /><br />Setting it in the South added another dimension to the film. I found it familiar and the jokes hysterical as someone who lives in urban Memphis, but if you loathe anything country and Southern, be warned that this has its fair share of that vibe.<br /><br />The original film has quite a bit of sex, drugs, drinking and violence, and I was curious as to how they would be handled in a remake, especially one that seemed a little more intense from the trailer. Overall, I thought the portrayals of \\"risky behavior\\" sent a better message than the original without coming off as hokey in the least.<br /><br />It will be obvious to filmgoers that Brewer loves Footloose and wanted to do it justice in this remake. He pays tribute and yet develops the film as well. If you give it a chance, I think you will be pleasantly surprised as well.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I love this app!  I wish I had it when I was in college. I might have done better in classes that required a lot of math like physics and chemistry.
0061784788|5.0|James Rollins is unique in that he makes science readable to the layman (and woman).  This book was also highly enjoyable to me as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints as Mr Rollins gave a credible explaination for the \\"White Indians\\" whose remains have been discovered on this continent.    He elaborates on the extraordinary intelligence of Thomas Jefferson and the further history of Merriweather Lewis and a plauable adjunct to American History.    His explaination of nano technology is unerstandable to layman as his examples of other scientific theories have been understandable in  his other books. NOBODY had ever been able to explain sub-atomic particle physics until his example of waves/particals in his book, Black Order.  .  PLUS, he loves animals!!!  Thank You James,      Susan    [[ASIN:0062017896 Black Order: A Sigma Force Novel]]    [[ASIN:0061784788 The Devil Colony: A Sigma Force Novel]]
0553801473|1.0|6 Years later, and the relative we bailed out of jail skips town.<br /><br />This story does not dance, it drags and crawls, like so many paralyzed Stark children.  Sadly, we cannot skinchange out of our reader's bodies and go do something more interesting.  It's been said in many reviews, but this book does not progress nearly enough to be so long.  At this point there are more plot lines and viewpoints than Freys, and the chapters begin to stink of cliffhanger in the same predictable manner as a B-Team Law and Order.  Some of the characters begin behaving in a manner very unlike themselves, and not in a good \\"I'm developing and growing\\" kind of way, but in a bad \\"I'm stalling because I've killed off too many people to fast\\" kind of way.  All joking aside, it sometimes makes you feel the presence of the author a bit too much for a fantasy book.<br /><br />No cryptic promise of a quick continuation next year at the end of this one.  Right now I'm just hoping that I won't need bifocals before the last book comes out.<br /><br />However, I suppose I'm only venting frustration, as the only other option would be to stop reading the story, and you must read the book to continue.  However, until a cheap paperback version comes out, a set of cliffsnotes might suffice...
B002ZG99NG|5.0|fantastic movie, must see! just as good in your living room as the theater. The bonus features are fantastic! A must for any movie collection.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I was skeptical about ordering this because I have looked around and I saw that others had ordered something similar and I wasn't sure if this was a good choice or not. But by reading some of the reviews I felt pretty good about my choice and I love my MP3 player. It works perfectly for me and I'm glad I got it.
B0019N94X6|1.0|The 1932 version was better. Someone already noted the inconsistencies of this movie. This is as useless as Bruce Willis's \\"Last Man Standing.\\"
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Added a negative review because for some reason I hope with enough of them..this crap won't get released and they'll yank it till a better one is available. Improve the old films..don't change them, at the very least if they are changed..include the old ones.
B004EPYZU8|4.0|Rumor has it that the extended version fills in some holes of the story or at least adds more details. That said, you're either going to decide this is a picture that wanted a bunch of attractive women in sexy clothing running around with Katanas, guns and other such things that go bang or you're going to see that this over the top action picture is trying to say something more of the human experience even if it isn't always elegantly presented. And it really is an over the top action picture in the spirit of a video game or high octane action comic book/graphic novel. The special effects are colorful and brilliant even if they don't always tie in to the story and viewers not familiar with comic books or video games will be put off and/or confused by the sudden shifts into the fantasies of a young girl who is going to be lobotomized in five days (it actually is a fantasy within a fantasy at times). In fact, probably less than 20 minutes are real time and most of the tale takes place in the dreams/perceptions of the main character who is trying to escape with her fellow inmates. The over the top action girls were clearly trained so they don't look dorky and the acting is above average or better mostly though some of the themes are too much on the noise at times (you're your only limitation so \\"fight!\\"). By the way, don't expect a happy ending here. It's bittersweet at best. Most of the fantasies tie in to the real story five elements for the planned escape but they show it sometimes in a confusing or off manner so people not watching intently will miss it. Extreme feminists are claiming this picture exploits women as sexual objects and nothing more but they're dead wrong. Critics have mostly been negative towards the film and the North American Box Office total has been disappointing but it has done all right overseas and I'm sure the DVD market will help it along.<br /><br />STORY/PLOTTING: B minus to B; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: B; SPECIAL EFFECTS: B plus to A minus; THEME DELIVERY: B minus to B; OVERALL GRADE: B; WHEN WATCHED: early September 2011<br /><br />MEMORABLE DIALOGUE: \\"Who honors those we love with the very life we live? Who sends monsters to kill us, and at the same time sings that we'll never die? Who teaches us what's real, and how to laugh at lies? Who decides why we live, and what we'll die to defend? Who chains us, and who holds the key to set us free? It's you. You have all the weapons you need. Now fight!\\"
B0000844M8|5.0|This film is great for family! I watched online through Amazon Prime and it played perfect and was so crystal clear! I recommend this movie for all families!<br /><br />This movie will make you laugh and cry it is that Great! I will order this DVD through Amazon.com soon and add it to my library! This movie is also educational for everyone!<br /><br />I Just Love all Cats, wild or tame! I have my own domestic cat called Snowy, he is 8 years old now and mostly all white with a little apricot on his ears and tail, he also has light blue eyes! Cats Rule, Dogs Drool!! Sorry I am just kidding, I like all animals!
B0017HMF6W|5.0|I wish Amazon would sort the reviews so we could all find a review for the edition we are considering. Or maybe there is a way and I'm just not getting it.    In any case, this is an amazing disc. The restoration and HD quality are superb. It's fun to watch the old trailers, featurettes, etc. The book packaging is first rate.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|To those who are supportive of this release and disdainful of people like myself who are complaining about it: There are two main problems people have with this Blu-Ray release.<br /><br />1) People are being asked to pay $90 for a product that has myriad technical flaws, things that should have been corrected regardless of what movie it is. These are a distraction and shoddy workmanship.<br /><br />2) Changes are continually being made to the substance of the movies without offering the originals. Many movies get doctored by their directors. But when this is done, it should be and usually is done concurrently with a careful restoration and release of the original version in the best possible quality. But in this case it's not.<br /><br />The owner of SaveStarWars.com makes an excellent point about this:<br /><br />\\"...none of this would be an issue if the originals--and the previous special editions, for those now crossing over--were available in high definition. We could just shake our heads at Lucas when we thought he made a stupid decision, say \\"well, I wouldn't have done that,\\" and then watched the version we liked, whether it was the original theatrical version, or the 1997 version, or the ones from 2004 and 2011. It wouldn't matter if we liked a change or not, or which version was \\"right\\", we could just agree to disagree and be happy with the version that Lucas gave us that spoke to us the most. The way every other film with multiple versions--Blade Runner, Alien, Lord of the Rings, Close Encounters, etc--has been treated.<br /><br />\\"Lucas is so narcissistic about suppressing the older and original versions of the films, as though they no longer exist, that he has brought the heat on himself. And, unfortunately, he has opened up a lot of rifts in the fan community that really should not exist in the first place. We all love Star Wars, but it has so many versions, sequels and permutations that it is inevitable that we all never agree on one single, absolute Gospel canon the way Lucas wants: there's too much radical variation. The only way things will be good is if we can each have the one we fell in love with, because we all fell in love with different variations at different years for different reasons. When you create something as big as Star Wars, you sort of have an ethical mandate to do this, to protect a cultural artifact and make sure it is seen and treated with respect. As Lucas himself said: \\"American works of art belong to the public; they are part of our cultural history.\\" I hope one day Lucas can drink his own medicine so we can all just get along.\\"<br /><br />Some 5-star reviewers have pointed out that when one starts focusing on the minute details of something it's hard to concurrently enjoy it. True indeed, and yes, the point of a movie is to 'get lost' in it and to 'enjoy the story'--and that actually is a reason not to change something that is already beloved the world over. When changes are made to a story you already love so much and know very well, these changes hinder you from getting lost in it or enjoying it as much, because they surprise you.<br /><br />One reviewer wrote: \\"I just love to watch movies for their stories, sure effects are great, but seriously, a movie like Star Wars can get by on just a great story.\\" I agree, and that's why I fell in love with them too: the story. And I am pretty sure that's why all the so-called nitpicking \\"nerds\\" love Star Wars too -- why else would the original trilogy stand the test of time even though its special effects are quite lacking by today's standards? Why else would little kids seeing the originals today still fall in love with them despite their outdatedness? I wish George Lucas would have remembered that the story and the characters are what people care about more than the special effects; then maybe he wouldn't have felt the need to change the story or add more special effects.<br /><br />The main defense of the Blu-Ray release is that Lucas can dowhatever he wants because they are \\"his\\" movies. Lucas himself takes this view. But Lucas didn't write or direct two thirds of the original trilogy, so to call it \\"his\\" is literally inaccurate even though, because of our flawed copyright laws, it's legally accurate. But beyond the question of whether he can is the question of whether he should. Lucas himself has spoken out vehemently in the past against tampering with classic movies:<br /><br />\\"People who alter or destroy works of art and our cultural heritage for profit or as an exercise of power are barbarians, and if the laws of the United States continue to condone this behavior, history will surely classify us as a barbaric society. In the future it will become even easier for old negatives to become lost and be \\"replaced\\" by new altered negatives. This would be a great loss to our society. Our cultural history must not be allowed to be rewritten. Attention should be paid to this question of our soul, and not simply to accounting procedures. Attention should be paid to the interest of those who are yet unborn, who should be able to see this generation as it saw itself, and the past generation as it saw itself.\\" -George Lucas's 1988 speech to the U.S. Congress<br /><br />Later he revised his view to exempt himself from his own ethical standards:<br /><br />\\"It's my classic. On the one hand, I'm doing this, while on the other hand I'm on the Artists Rights Board, a foundation that's trying to protect films from being changed--which I feel very strongly about, because with the technology we have today, anybody can go back and do this kind of thing. I can sort of see the future, and I want to protect films as they are and as they should be. I don't want to see them colorized, I don't want to see their formats changed, I don't want to see them re-edited, and I don't want to see what I'm able to do now, which is add more characters and do all kinds of things that nobody even contemplated before.\\" -George Lucas, 1996<br /><br />And his view now? When Lucas was asked why no originals, he purportedly rolled his eyes and said, \\"Grow up. These are my movies, not yours.\\"<br /><br />Some people have the impression that the desire to preserve original films is unreasonable and/or just a weak peep from a small minority of over-the-hill geeks, but it's the stance taken by the AFI, the National Film Registry (which Lucas had a big hand in creating), the Film Foundation (Lucas is on the Board of Directors) and the Library of Congress. It is a widely recognized principle and one that Lucas is a huge supporter of, even, so he says, in regard to Star Wars. \\"Lucas, a proponent of film preservation, has said recently that he would like to restore the originals but can't pay for it, even though he is a billionaire. Yet when an outside organization from the federal government bodies of film preservation [the National Film Registry] offer to foot the bill in the meantime, what does Lucas do? Try to get them to take the Special Edition,\\" which the NFR refused to do. So it's not just a closet idea... and clearly money is not the true reason Lucas doesn't want the originals released.<br /><br />The fact that Lucas continually makes changes to the Star Wars movies while not preserving the originals for viewing, frankly is reprehensible (and hypocritical) both as an artist and as a businessman... regardless of whether one feels the movie was actually 'improved upon.' What would the reaction be if the Tower of Pisa were straightened, or Mona Lisa's face touched up to smile a little more, or Mickey was given brown fur, or countless other famous and beloved historical icons were tampered with beyond mere maintenance, either by their creators or by others? Star Wars was nominated for 11 Academy Awards in 1977 and won 7 of them, and the Star Wars saga is beloved the world over. As the most successful film series in all of film history, Star Wars is a historical treasure and global icon that should be treated with the same respect that it and those who love it deserve.<br /><br />*Source for Lucas quotes: SaveStarWars<br /><br />P.S. For a wonderful song about it which sums up all these reasons in a brilliant way, look up \\"Thanksgiving\\" by Paul and Storm. And there is an excellent blog post on this by Andy Wilson called \\"Why I (Reluctantly) Cancelled My Pre-order of the Star Wars Blu-rays.\\" Well worth reading.<br /><br />P.P.S. If you're a fan of this set, great! I'm glad you like it! In fact, I'm envious! Before you leave angry insulting comments about me or my review, please remember that I have the right to my opinion just as you have yours, and I'm writing my review for the benefit of those who may share my tastes.<br /><br />---------------------<br />UPDATE - I have now viewed The Empire Strikes Back from this set (the only one whose changes don't bug the tar out of me). And my reaction in regards to the audio/video quality was \\"Meh.\\" We also watched Harmy's High-Def Fan Edit of A New Hope and the sound and video quality were just as good as this official release, even to my picky audio professional husband.6<br /><br />And his view now? When Lucas was asked why no originals, he purportedly rolled his eyes and said, \\"Grow up. These are my movies, not yours.\\"<br /><br />Some people have the impression that the desire to preserve original films is unreasonable and/or just a weak peep from a small minority of over-the-hill geeks, but it's the stance taken by the AFI, the National Film Registry (which Lucas had a big hand in creating), the Film Foundation (Lucas is on the Board of Directors) and the Library of Congress. It is a widely recognized principle and one that Lucas is a huge supporter of, even, so he says, in regard to Star Wars. \\"Lucas, a proponent of film preservation, has said recently that he would like to restore the originals but can't pay for it, even though he is a billionaire. Yet when an outside organization from the federal government bodies of film preservation [the National Film Registry] offer to foot the bill in the meantime, what does Lucas do? Try to get them to take the Special Edition,\\" which the NFR refused to do. So it's not just a closet idea... and clearly money is not the true reason Lucas doesn't want the originals released.<br /><br />The fact that Lucas continually makes changes to the Star Wars movies while not preserving the originals for viewing, frankly is reprehensible (and hypocritical) both as an artist and as a businessman... regardless of whether one feels the movie was actually 'improved upon.' What would the reaction be if the Tower of Pisa were straightened, or Mona Lisa's face touched up to smile a little more, or Mickey was given brown fur, or countless other famous and beloved historical icons were tampered with beyond mere maintenance, either by their creators or by others? Star Wars was nominated for 11 Academy Awards in 1977 and won 7 of them, and the Star Wars saga is beloved the world over. As the most successful film series in all of film history, Star Wars is a historical treasure and global icon that should be treated with the same respect that it and those who love it deserve.<br /><br />*Source for Lucas quotes: SaveStarWars<br /><br />P.S. For a wonderful song about it which sums up all these reasons in a brilliant way, look up \\"Thanksgiving\\" by Paul and Storm. And there is an excellent blog post on this by Andy Wilson called \\"Why I (Reluctantly) Cancelled My Pre-order of the Star Wars Blu-rays.\\" Well worth reading.<br /><br />P.P.S. If you're a fan of this set, great! I'm glad you like it! In fact, I'm envious! Before you leave angry insulting comments about me or my review, please remember that I have the right to my opinion just as you have yours, and I'm writing my review for the benefit of those who may share my tastes.<br /><br />---------------------<br />UPDATE - I have now viewed The Empire Strikes Back from this set (the only one whose changes don't bug the tar out of me). And my reaction in regards to the audio/video quality was \\"Meh.\\" We also watched Harmy's High-Def Fan Edit of A New Hope and the sound and video quality were just as good as this official release, even to my picky audio professional husband.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Once again we are treated to a total corporate disaster(WE pay for it)but then again not anymore,I mean LFL has always given the finger to its customers and yet got away with it (they do have their cake and eat it too)And how?Just receiving the truly hard earned bucks from people who found they could relate to something great trying to repeat from time to time THE experience,which is no longer....But people can see this is only,well,about bussiness,investors,preferent stocks,etc.  Id rather spend my money on some charity or some good old classic Billy Wilder film,until the real classic films status,if ever,is back on this movies,it might never happen,I wont delude myself,why would anyone?      Oh,yeah,the blu box has been released locally by FOX and those horrible changes are real,so more is available for that lovely Ozu or maybe Ivory film in blu.
B002LC8HF0|5.0|I thought Sanderson had written himself into an entertaining yet well tangled mess of an Epic Fantasy universe.  This is not the case, he untangled the messes, explained the mysteries, and left no major plot holes to be found.  I loved the way he closed off the series.  I will dearly miss the well crafted characters I enjoyed in this book.
B000WQWPKA|5.0|independence day is the greatest sci-fi movie in the world a true classic the best of the best roland emmerich is one of the greatest directors in the world a true genius buy this movie if your a huge sci-fi fan you wont be sorry
0811876373|5.0|If you want to learn how to make cake pops this book is for you.  My family does a lot of baking and wanted to get in on the cake pop craze.  This book takes all the mystery out of how to make and decorate cake pops.  We tried some of the recipes and they worked great.  Now all our friends want us to make cake pops for them.  My daughter is thinking os starting a cake pop business.  Book is  a great value for the money.
B004EPZ07U|2.0|A Green Lantern movie was a great idea! Crafting the plot as a boring soap opera about the Green Lantern Corps was not. What a dull, cliched bunch of characters. The writers should have skipped the Corps entirely and just focused on Hal and the origin story: getting the ring, learning to use it, and triumphing over evil. Sigh....
0071762345|5.0|I've spent a lot of the past 3 years trying to figure out social media on the fly. Had some good and some bad results. Did all kinds of cool experiments.  I've heard all kinds of theories, guru's and the like. Most of them were full of hot air and required you to study volumes of articles, preferably in a big and complicated new social media bible. Read most of those anyway. But never quite shook that something-is-missing-feeling.     This is the only book I know of where all the pieces come together. And what's more: it's thin and packed with more relevant information then any of the other books. Why: because every chapter has just the right amuntof theory, followed by a couple of very to the point case studies. And at the end of each chapter there's a bunch of tough questions you should ask so you can apply it to your situation. No more. No less.     This book aims to do no less then to empower you to turn your organization around. (No I'm not getting any money to say this). Take it from me. A guy who was just like you up until a a few weeks ago: more in the dark then he'd like to admit. Buy the book. And like it :)
B004HO6I4W|5.0|Best animated KIDS movie in a long, long time.  Didn't have to worry about bad language (which shouldn't even be an issue for a KIDS movie, but now-a-days it is).  Had awesome graphics and effects to compliment an outstanding (and very original) story that was entertaining and a pleasure for the ENTIRE family!!!!!!!
0439023513|5.0|Even though it turns to unexpected directions, Mockingjay perfectly ends a masterpiece saga. It's raw enough to break all stereotypes of typical endings.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|Maybe it's because I am a child of the 80's. Maybe it's because I haven't found a novel this unique in a very long time. Who cares, it's a great book.  I loved the walk down memory lane, and I loved the plot of the story.    I have read a few reviews and frankly, I don't see the problem. Yes, there is a ton of 80's stuff in this book. Why? Because the creator of OASIS was in love with the 80's. Why are you groaning over something that is, essentially, part of the plot? Did you read the book?    The second gripe I read was the use of a laptop in a futuristic world. Ummm... the kid was less than dirt poor. What do you expect a kid to own in the slums? He said he tweaked the thing, what more do you want? After a while he does have futuristic technology. Geesh!    Either you like the book or you don't like the book. I loved it.
B00000491O|1.0|I thought I was ordering DVDS so very disappointed.  I'm not sure how this happened but we don't have a working video player so won't be able to use these.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|PAUL MCARTNEY IS GREAT...AND THIS IS A GREAT CD AND DVD.....    WENT TO SEE PAUL IN CINCINNATI AND IT WAS THE BEST CONCERT EVER WENT TO...HE KNOWS HOW TO ROCK THE HOUSE AT HIS AGE......    THANKS PAUL FOR A GREAT CONCERT AND CD DVD........
B0051T47NQ|1.0|An original concept is sabotaged by the never-ending mockumentary trend in horror movies.  This dubbed Norwegian entry is becoming a cult favorite and I frankly can't understand its appeal.  It's not really funny nor scary.  The troll effects are okay, and there's a certain ingenuity in the various troll appearances.  But the movie is incredibly slow and the jerky camera work is nauseating.  The script is mundane at least in the dialogue department and the ending way too abrupt, not that I was sorry to see it end.<br />I'll be glad when the lost tapes fad fades and movie-makers rely on story and skill instead of tired gimmicks.
B001E45XT4|5.0|este auricular compre para jugar.. pero tambien me sirve para escuchar musicas ya que tiene un excelente sonido.. 5 estrellas por el precio y la calidad..
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I agree with everyone else. If George would have included the original theatrical releases I would have recommended it. As for now, I can't.
B00140PK6O|5.0|Excellent, intertaining, well acted. The story is interesting enough to hold my attention throughout I thoroughly enjoyed watching. Judi Dench led a wonderful cast of actors.
1419359746|4.0|I'm enjoying this series of books on CD one by one.  This book is the first used one of the series I've purchased.  There was some skipping on one of the CD's.  Otherwise, I have no complaints
B002XTBEDI|5.0|Judi Dench, again, led a wonderful cast of actors to tell the continuing story of the city of Cranford and it's citizens and their dread, and then acceptance of change. The story was interesting, well acted and extremely interesting.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Do Not Buy.    George Lucas needs to realise that he doesn't know best.    He needs to stop ruining our favourite franchises (Star Wars, Indiana Jones).    He's pathetic.
0064400018|5.0|We are very pleased with the service.... Excellent and Prompt! Condition of the book was \\"new\\" as specified. No changes to your service is required in my opinion. Thanks-a-Million! Darla
B004LWZW4C|5.0|The movie was well done, liked the tone and treatment, although I do agree with most that the character choices were out of whack, but taken on its on merit it is a great movie. I somehow managed to have no issues with playing the blue ray version but my copy seems to be missing any of the extras described in the version sold by Amazon, I bought mine at WalMart for 19.95 not 24.95, would have paid the extra for the extras.
B004SUDQE0|5.0|My wife and I love this movie.  It's got it all.  Great story, amazing cast, tons of memorable lines, beautiful cinematograghy, and enough laughs to make your sides hurt.  It's just as funny the 30th time you watch as the first.
B004EBT5CU|4.0|I had heard of Adele but hadn't actually listened to her until someone practically forced me to watch her Brit Awards performance this year of \\"Someone Like You.\\" It was a mesmerizing performance. So, right afterwards, I listened to my friend's CD and fell in love with it. This album is quite unlike her debut effort and thankfully so as I did not enjoy her debut album 19 at all.    The first thing I wanted to do after listening to the album for the first time in its entirity was to #1 listen to it again and #2 go out and buy it which I did in that order. Adele is unique. 21 is a great but not perfect album hence I gave it 4 stars. What sets Adele apart from her peers are her vocals. People don't pay money to go see Adele sing to watch her gyrate in her underwear like other female artists. Adele isn't about dancing to jingles. She's got a lovely voice and is precisely what the music industry needs more of. While she doesn't have the range or depth of an Alice Smith, she does have plenty of range and Adele knows how to use her voice to convey emotion.    21 has a country feel so it's surprising that I love it as much as I do. I suppose I enjoy country when it's not served in copious amounts. The track that gets the most play on my iPod is \\"Set Fire to the Rain\\" which has classic written all over it. Perhaps, there's a bit too much instrumentation but it never eclipses the quality of her voice. The song is very emotional. Other stand out tracks are \\"Rumor Has It\\", \\"I'll Be Waiting\\" and \\"Rolling in the Deep.\\" I do love \\"Someone Like You\\" however the album version is not a rendition I ever listen to. Her LIVE version at the 2011 Brit Awards will probably never be bested so that's the version I listen to, can't stand the album version to be honest.
0307887960|5.0|Geat book!  The method for loosing the weight really works!  And it's not hard to follow!  My husband loves it!
0894803123|5.0|I purchased this recipe book after receiving an ice cream maker for my 50th birthday.  I couldn't wait to try some of the recipes [or maybe ALL of them...it IS ice cream, how bad can ANY recipe be?].  I haven't been disappointed! The stories and overall writing of the book is entertaining and the recipes are yummy.  I would recommend this book to anyone that enjoys making...and eating...homemade ice cream!  I will be making another recipe from this book tonight! Enjoy...
B0042X9L6A|5.0|Worth every penny!! Get it. Very reliable and compact. Every time I use it, it never fails. Good flash range.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This is Star Wars blu ray so if you like the movies you will like this.  Those of you who don't feel like you are getting exactly what you want should not be giving the movie only one star.
B005HSL626|3.0|Overall I like this game. It's very well done with excellent graphics. For me, it does get boring after about 20 minutes, but it's still fun again after you take a break. The only reason I give this three stars is because but the fruit does not contrast with the background enough for this game to be playable in direct sunlight. Also, a friend of mine whose colorblind has issues seeing the coconuts at all. They need to have a white background option for sunny conditions and the colorblind. If they would implement a white background for these reasons, I'd give it 4 stars. Overall good game.
B0055B0MIO|5.0|one of the best albums thus far of 2011. id have to say their best yet. even the video for the first single is epic
1455803197|5.0|Audio books can help on long road trips, they keep your brain interested while leaving your hands and eyes focused for driving. this is especially true if you have someone to change Cd's for you.  I grabbed this book almost at random in a Cracker Barrel in Iowa and listened all the way to North Carolina.  I didn't even realize it was the author of the percy jackson books.  The Audio book uses a different reader for each of the two children.   I can't speak to most of the complaints in the bad reviews of the hardback,  but how much maturing of a 12 or 14 year old do they expect in a one week time-frame? the developing relationship of the estranged siblings shows appropriate growth. Like most mystery novels, (presentation is as a mystery, lots of details the kids don't know at the start, education of the reader and the characters along the way as they investigate)  the story revolves around a quest for knowledge with meeting new characters,  some pass through 1 time, others have recurring roles.  Some new encounters are helpful, others are impediments.  All this seems natural in the audio version, and the use of 2 narrators to match the literary style of the author, makes it clear immediately that a transition has occurred in viewpoint before the written transitions are read that seem to have confused a minority of readers.  The running conflicts and investigations of the hidden world of magicians envisioned by the author helped the hours and miles roll by.  The only complaint I had,  was that my 11 year old got too little sleep during our over night journey.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I've purchased multiple versions of these movies over the years but the recent edits that have been made will finally break the streak. I have no interest in these when releasing a branching original version would be so easy to do.
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|One of the reviews here likened this series as not being so much about zombies, but as a human survival tale with a zombie backdrop.  I couldn't agree more, and am having a difficult time waiting for the second season to start.  There is a good amount of gore and disturbing imagery and therefore it is not a series for the squeamish; but beyond that it is an amazing series that I cannot recommend highly enough.
B004OZOTSQ|4.0|I love this program, it does just what it says and makes life sooo much better.    That being said, with me Evo 3D it only seems to work if I turn my wifi off and back on and use right away. Not sure if program or phone?
B004HO6I2E|1.0|When I heard that Jason Bateman and Ryan Reynolds were going to be in a comedy together, I thought it would undoubtedly be a great movie, but I was really disappointed with The Change-Up. I'm a fan of most rated R comedies but I think this movie went too far, to the point where it was too uncomfortable to be funny. At one point, Ryan Reynolds' character explains that every married guy has a \\"cancer list,\\" which lists the women that they want to sleep with if their wife ever dies of cancer. I've never seen a movie that promotes cheating so much. I think the whole movie was just trying too hard for a laugh. I don't recommend it, and I won't see it again.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|From the harrowing opening scene where a guilt-ridden son steals his distraught mother's television set, Requiem for a Dream draws the viewer into a bleak and merciless landscape of shattered dreams and drug addictions.  Against the gloomy backdrop of Coney Island, New York, director Aronofsky stages the parallel tales of Harry Goldfarb, whose heroin addiction goes from bad to worse, and his mother Sara (a heart-rending performance by Ellen Burstyn), who tries to recapture her past happiness with `diet'-pills. Underscored by darkly brooding violin music, this is not a film for the faint of heart, yet the undaunted viewer is rewarded with an unforgettable tragedy unique in the sheer force of its dramatic story-telling.
B000H5TVJY|4.0|Wow! Old movies had never been that good. As a avid movie fan, I must say this is one of the best PQ and AQ movie that i've seen. Recommend to buy if u are a avid fan of classy acting, dialog, taste......... No regrets.
B000002GBJ|4.0|Rick has always thought and acted on a large scale and 1973's The Six Wives Of Henry VIII is an early example.  He plays a vast array of keyboards and is backed by supporting musicans to great effect.  He went on to release such titles as King Arthur and Criminal Record.  If you like grand scale classical sounding rock, this is a good place to start.
B0053EZXRS|1.0|I like Nicolas Cage, that is why I ordered the movie. I could not watch more than 10 minutes of this raunchy movie. There was so much swearing it was offencive. Every other sentence was swearing. I do not know anyone who talks like this. The ocasonial swear word can be over looked, but this is over the top! don't waste your money. I bought it for $.99 but feel like I was jipped
0618918248|1.0|Doesn't seem able to give information on religion, atheism, science, or anything.   Seems started with an outline and title premise, but presentation just slums into disorganized rhetoric, argument by personalities, intentionally bad portrayals, tweaked data, and general mocking.  Goes on for pages about whether Einstein or founders of America were really religious and whether Hitler was atheist.    1. A Deeply Religious Nonbeliever  2. The God Hypothesis  3. Arguments for Gods Existence  4. Why There almost certainly is no god  5. The roots of religion  6. The roots of morality: Why are we good ?  7. The 'good' book and changing moral zeitgeist  8. Whats wrong with Religion ?  Why be so hostile ?  9. Childhood, abuse, and the escape from religion  10. A much needed gap    For something more informative on atheism, science, or religion try these instead:  - Letter to a Christian Nation (a very short clear atheist appeal)  - The Dawkins Delusion (balance by criticisms of God Delusion content)  - Wikipedia on atheism or theology  - Fresh Aire \\"On Faith\\" (many people life views, incl atheist and agnostic)  - Learning Company Philosophy of science (more than one kind of Science)    or Great Scientific Ideas (history of science and world effects)  - enotes encyclopedia on religion and atheism      [...]  - BBC on religions, including atheism  - How to practice by Dalai Lama  - Idiots Guide to the Bible
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I will not be spending money on this version after finding out that the rumored NOOOOOO! as Vader throws the emporor over the ledge is true. I will NOT watch one of the best moments of ROTJ be ruined.    Changes that should have been made.  Han solo shoots first  Limit JarJar scenes  edit out C3P0's line \\"I'm Beside my self\\" and the entire droid head swap fiasco.
0307454541|5.0|What beats buying a book you've been looking forward to reading?  Buying it below bookstore prices!!  The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo is a fascinating read made even better because I saved money on the purchase.  I love Amazon!
B0046BI82G|2.0|For race car fans with a heavy duty twist and special affects this 2 part movie(s) are a 'sinful amusement'. Heavy action on car scenes with violence everywhere and four-letter words in every sentence. Very little T+A, if that is what your looking for. Part II should BE part I regarding the 'story line'. Of course my copy could have very well been a pirate copy. Not worth buying, maybe a cheap rental.
B003P2WO5E|5.0|I loved every inch of Mr. Sanderson's new world.  And I am thankful that he had the kindness to tell his fans, in advance, that this would be a long series encompassing years.    I didn't find myself much interested in two of the tiny side characters who are obviously being set up for a more active part later on, but the rest of the characters are wonderful.  I'm going to happily shelve this book in my library as the beginning of long and enjoyable adventure.  Already looking forward to reading \\"The Way of Kings\\" again just before book 2 comes out.  Go ahead and buy it, it's worth the time and money.
B000X107GI|1.0|I went thru the whole 5 pack in half the time of my old battery lasted. It was used in a weight scale. I even had the same brand for my old battery the only difference is this 5 pack had a 07 stamped on and my old battery had a 09 on it. DON\\"T BUY
B005COO1X6|1.0|5 stars, really people?  Really?  This was one of the worst Stephen King books ever.  I am usually a King fan, but if this is the kind of new stuff we can expect, I'll have to be more careful in the future. Started out interesting, turned bad and ended very poorly. I wish I could get my $3.50 and my time back.  I will forget this weak work tomorrow. Don't buy it!
B004SKHJF2|5.0|I see people are having trouble but I'm on EVO Gingerbread and It works perfectly. I use the widget so it is very fast to tag. I'm Mexican so I listen to Mexican music and this  app surprises me when it correctly identifies some of the songs I tag and are really obscure. Plus I have Spotify and I freaking love that I tag a song and Shazam will take me directly to Spotify to play the song. Shazam plus Spotify make me the music master anywhere I go.
0345347951|5.0|This is a must read for any true science fiction enthusiast.  If you follow a lot of SF pop culture, not just in books but in video games and T.V. shows, you will see traces of this book borrowed, and not always subtly.  Some examples are the Starcraft video game series (pretty shameless \\"borrowing\\" if you ask me), and the anime series Gundam 00.  I started doing research into the idea behind group mind as an idea for a book I'm currently writing, I've always idolized Clarke but had never heard of this particular work until recently.  It's a classic example of how far ahead of his time he was and how his works are still widely influential today.
B00377V6J2|4.0|Saw the session on public broadcast a few weeks back and decided I would want my own copy.  Purchased it on Amazon and it came shortly after.  Watched it again and am sure I will watch it a number of times more!!!
B005KGPC4S|2.0|I understand the story plot, the truth behind it, BUT, this was about the most unexciting movie I have ever seen.  Nothing shook me up.
B004M3GDI4|5.0|This is my second Petzl Headlamp. The other one was much older and a good lamp for it's time. I love this lamp. It gives very good light for walking around and maybe even running (I don't run)! I use it all the time around the house. Can't say much about how long the battries last since I haven't run the first one's down yet. It works just like it says it does. Have only dropped it once and it still is working. I like the part about the lens turning to face the back of the mount. Keeps you from scratching the lens. It won't acidently turn on either. Great little lamp. You hardly know it's on your head. My other one, you knew it was there. I think this light will last a long time. This is all I can say about it since I haven't had it that long. Would recommend it to anyone needing a good headlamp. The beam shines pretty far, I would guess 50 yards is a good amount of light. It's not a high powered hunting light. I bought mine at Amazon.com. Good price.
B000W91RUG|5.0|The Big Bang Theory is one of the TV programs you can watch over and over.  The dialogue is wonderful, the characters well rounded and interesting even from the first episode.  They are of course now a national phenomenon.  Series 2 and 3 are out and 4 is due out in a week or so.  I intend to buy them all.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This is the most complete collection of Star Wars ever marketed. It is a fantastic collection of all 6 films remastered in beautiful 1080p high definition. There is enough extras on these disks to keep you entertained and coming back for years to come.    Perhaps not exactly what I wanted in terms of original versions but still a massive collection of film that I must have.
B005L7B22C|1.0|I stopped watching after 5 minutes because the video played in the wrong aspect ratio and was completely blocky and pixelated. I even chose to download the video prior to watching, so this wasn't a streaming issue. Amazon does not know how to properly encode content.
B002ZG99TK|4.0|I \\"like\\" action movies, but usually \\"enjoy\\" cerebral movies.    This is Not a cerebral movie.  LOL!    Watching it on Blu-ray on my big screen, however, I found myself actually standing up and pacing the floor, more than once, during this movie....    I \\"cared.\\"    Well made, well acted.    I was actually grinning (instead of my typical \\"Booing\\")at the Pure-Treacle coda.    It got me.  Excellent.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|This is still not the original theatrical release. These \\"enhanced\\" versions of the movie are crap. Get with the program George, there are countless petitions with tons of fans who will step on each others' heads and elbow man, woman and child to get to the front of the line to purchase a Blu-ray version of the unaltered theatrical version. Till then, thanks but no thanks. My 2006 DVD releases of the untouched version will do just fine.
030788743X|5.0|Don't let the fact that the main characters are a bunch of gamers throw you.  The story is much more than a homage to geekdom.  The book is fully accessible to non-gamers and is actually a thrilling treasure hunt - - one that takes place in an on-line universe constructed out of the cultural icons that made up the 1980s, even though the story takes place in 2045. It is full of action, danger, life-and-death situations, love, and honor.  It's almost impossible to put the book down!
B002JVWRAO|5.0|im pleased with the time it took to get this. the shape it was in. the price . all in all it was very good
1606863622|2.0|I specifically ordered this book to replace a library book that had been lost.  The library required the hardcover edition, which the description says it is.  But it is not - it is basically a softcover sized book that has a hard cover on it - the size of a typical \\"pocket novel.\\"  It is not a full sized hardcover edition.  My library wouldn't even accept it.  So if that is important at all to you, this is not the right edition.[[ASIN:B000WO251Q Dear John]]
B001FB4W0C|5.0|the item was in very good shape. it came at a resanable time span. the problem i have with this sellar is, that i had to pay extra postage on this item when it came in the mail !
B003L77GRO|5.0|Well I finally received and watched Dexter: The 5th season and I enjoyed it very much! Yes, I'am a Dexter fan ad I have all 5 seasons and I can hardly wait for the 6th season of Dexter! Amazon delivered my order promptly and I will continue to be an Amazon customer!  Alan Tafoya
B002SSBD6W|5.0|Life on the farm ain't what it used to be! Awareness is growing and Johnathan Foer does his part to help stop the hidden tragedies. Do your part and read this book.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I was ecstatic when a friend told me months ago about these finally making it to BD format. This set and the LOTR are what made me finally make the leap from DVD to Blu-Ray.<br /><br />However, after seeing the (preview of) the craptacular change Lucas did by adding the wussified \\"NOOOOOOOOOO\\" as Vader throws his former mentor down the shaft, I can't help wondering who REALLY got the shaft? Palpatine or the fans like me who shuddered when we witnessed this act of wanton butchery of (IMO) THE BEST scene in the entire movie!<br /><br />Needless to say, Georgie boy, you will not get another thin dime from me until you restore that scene to it's original. I wouldn't even take a FREE copy of this!<br /><br />I've met and spoken with Dave Prowse many times and I shared with him that this was my favorite scene. It NEEDED no dialogue! When Vader looks from Palpy to Luke and hoists The Emporer and the Jedi theme swells in the background...but now....Lucas, you just jumped the Frickin' shark!!!!!<br /><br />Although I am grateful you gave us the world of Star Wars, you are also it's WORST enemy! You are to Star Wars what Rick Berman was to Star Trek!!! [[ASIN:B003ZSJ212 Star Wars: The Complete Saga (Episodes I-VI) [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />I can't wait to see what you do next. Let me guess? Give Jar-Jar a twin brother to add to excitement of the Prequels? Better yet, EXPAND Jar-Jar's role by making him a main character! SHEESH!<br /><br />STOP THE INSANITY ALREADY!!!!
B002LFPAUC|5.0|Received the product promptly and in perfect condition.  All disks worked fine with no issues at all.  And, of course, Fawlty Towers is rediculously funny.  That is assuming you like that kind of humor.  If you have seen the show and liked it, this is a great set to have.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|Love this show...a lot! Why are they contemplating another season? I hope it goes for at least 15 seasons. It is exciting, suspenseful. The stories are so interesting, and I love the bond between the two brothers. It is great that their is a show out there that is not a stupid reality show. Don't get me wrong though, I do love jersey shore, but I miss these type of shows. Shows that had a great storyline, I think that ended after the 90s.  This show is amazing, and so is Jensen Ackles!!!!! Each season keeps getting better and better.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This game is Def worth the money and download, very fun and you'll spend a load of time keeping those zombies out of your yard!
B005L7B22C|2.0|Please note that there are SPOILERS below.    I, unlike most of the other reviewers, didn't like this episode. I didn't even find it creepy. The dolls just didn't do it for me. I think I can best express why by comparing this episode to series 3's Blink.    I loved Blink. I think the difference between Blink and Night Terrors was that Blink drew us, the audience, into the adventure. Night Terrors utterly failed to do this. Blink gave us enough information to keep us wondering about what happens next. Night Terrors hardly gave us anything until the Doctor suddenly realizes that the kid's from planet whatchamacallit, which didn't even really explain how the kid has some of the powers he's exhibiting. That doesn't give the audience any chance to get into it. The weeping angels we knew to fear very quickly, and there was so much to wonder about them. The dolls, on the other hand, show up late in the episode, and we have no reason to fear them until 2/3 of the way through the episode (when the landlord is assimilated).    Blink felt like it was about normal people, and that took us (more normal people) for the ride along with the characters. Night Terrors was really about the Doctor being confused for 40 minutes and an alien with weird powers. Amy and Rory were scared, but I got no sense of real danger. And the landlord (who isn't likable) being assimilated didn't serve to tie us in emotionally. Personally, the lack of relation to the characters here kept me from being scared.    The thing that really killed this episode for me was Rory's reaction to Amy's assimilation. It was like he knew that it was no big deal and she'd be back shortly. Rory rocked it in Let's Kill Hitler by punching Hitler to protect everyone else and by taking the lead in going after Melody (and punching someone else in the process!). In Night Terrors he lacked the fervor that he had as \\"The Last Centurion.\\" I'm getting tingles rewatching the beginning of A Good Man Goes to War where Rory demands that the cybermen tell him where Amy is. There's none of that when Amy gets assimilated. I don't think Arthur Darvill's acting was the issue; I think he did the best he could with some poor writing.    2/5. If I rewatch this season, I'll be skipping this one. Casual viewers can skip this episode without any worries of missing anything in the story arc.
B00371QQ2U|1.0|I have a Samsung Blu-Ray player with the most current software and I found this DVD basically unusable. I am a fan of Apollo 13 and was looking forward to viewing this. However when you load it it takes forever (3-4 min) and it goes on the internet to find recent universal previews (without the ability to shut this feature off). Then halfway through the movie it froze and I tried multiple ways to go on without success. It was a terrible, frustrating experience.
B0050PYNN0|3.0|I recieved it at the exact time it was to arrive in, but the dvd skips three times during the middle of the dvd but it's fine.
0385732554|5.0|The Giver starts off like a X-Files thriller, a strange airplane appears in the sky. Jonas's intensity -palpable-will make your heart throb.  Yet, you will soon realize that it is a false alarm and the story settles down-you begin to be drawn into Jonas' world, his life, and his rules.  This is suppose to be a futuristic book, but many of the aspects of the story are true today-society and parents are trying to control every aspect of the life of their children, without much input from the them.  More than that, I think author showed that even if we try, we will in the end fail.  Many parents would deny this claim, but in doing so, they are being disingenuous.
B002RVCD6O|4.0|This was an impressive movie! So far my favorite-visually of the series. I've really enjoyed the HP films Yates has done. They're beautiful! I'm disappointed so many reviews declare their loathing of Yates as director. This leads me to question whether they understand what directors actually do... Anyway.    The book to me was rather slow paced and at times tedious (but still enjoyable). I felt the movie could be equally slow paced but I believe that was because of what they chose to add compared to what they got rid of:    Added:  -Cafe scene (aka: Harry is a player... not.)  -Too much Ron/humor time in the beginning (as much as I enjoyed both)  -Bellatrix and Death Eaters attacking the Burrow    Got rid of:  -Dursleys versus Dumbledore  -Snape and Harry's interactions  -Awesome Voldemort/Tom Riddle memories  -Ginny and Harry's relationship development  -Harry being a jerk about Malfoy (while he was correct, I was glad they made Harry's character less of a jerk, to put it nicely)  -Bill and Fleur (and Mrs. Weasley) (When Fleur and Mrs. Weasley make up at the end)  -The original Tom Riddle actor (from CoS) (although, understandable after so many years..)    These changes both helped the movie along and confused the heck out of everyone. I had finished the book about an hour before watching this movie, and I was still a bit unsure of the logic. I give this movie 4 stars, however, because of the quality of the cinematography, special effects, and acting. They did the best they could with condensing down a huge book into a (still relatively long) movie.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|On-time shipment and delivery and great price; product was exactly as advertized; series interesting and entertaining to view; lots of content making repeat viewing beneficial
B005EVE8WG|5.0|Three years past their debut album, Swedish AOR group \\"Work of Art\\" re-emerge with their second album. In the intervening years members participated in various prestigious projects namely \\"W.E.T.\\" and more recently \\"Lionville\\". Though, arguably, hardcore fans were more than looking forward to a \\"WOA\\" follow-up album. \\"In progress\\" finds the established line up of inventive guitarist Robert Sall, drummer Herman Furin and charismatic vocalist Lars Safsund revisiting the musical formula that granted their debut such international acclaim.<br /><br />Musically, \\"In Progress\\" is a faithful continuation of the \\"Artwork\\" debut, built on up-front guitars and keyboards, colorful rhythm section and vocals which perfectly harmonize to the feel and mood of each song. Once again there is undeniable intensity in the performances causing even the slower tunes of the album to sound forceful, being driven by thick guitar melodies and infectious choruses.<br /><br />Much like its predecessor, the lyrics and themes of \\"In progress\\" walk the thin line between optimism and pessimism; Relationships, romance and past experiences are once again the topics upon which \\"Work of Art\\" seem to draw inspiration from and write about, yet as before, they do so without exaggerating on either the positive or negative side of things.<br /><br />Since the release of their debut, \\"Work of Art\\" have often been compared to \\"Toto\\", a parallelism one finds to be rather far-fetched as \\"Work of Art\\" have indeed established an AOR/melodic rock sound of their own. And that is exactly what \\"In Progress\\" verifies, that the craft of their debut did not occur by chance.
B005CMSDKA|4.0|This is most definitely an action movie at heart. What makes this movie different than your typical popcorn action movie is its style, atmosphere, and direction. The characters keep your attention and are actually likable when on screen. Ms. Ronan is an incredibly talented young women, and she only gets better and better in her roles. The other characters are creative (except Cate Blanchett's stereotypical government agent role, my only main gripe of the film). The music by the Chemical Brothers enhances the already visually appealing aspects of the film. The film is an artistic action piece, and a must see for anyone who is up for something different.
B0040JHKZ0|5.0|This is my seventh pair. I switched to another brand and immediately started having problems. I highly recommend these shoes.
159448385X|5.0|A wonderful book by a wonderful writer..........you will be entertained, shocked, and educated while reading this fast moving book by a writer who has done his research and knows how to put pen to paper.
B005COO1X6|4.0|\\"Mile 81\\" is the most recent (Kindle edition released September 1, 2011) short story by Stephen King.  It will no doubt be included in his next or one after next anthology of short stories/novellas, but for now this e-book release is the only place you can get it.  And if you are an SK fan, you should.  I find the complaints that releasing short stories or novellas individually for $2.99 is a \\"rip-off\\" tiresome and silly.  If you'd rather wait (months or years) for a complete anthology to come out and then pay $18.99 for it - fine.  But quit yer moaning about paying $2.99 for a short story.  No one had a gun to your head, did they?<br /><br />\\"Mile 81\\" is classic King, a blend of horror and SF and children.  Most of the characters are just sketches except for Pete, whose story is told at the beginning, disappears for the middle and reappears to and play a key role as a hero at the end.  But even as brief sketches, SK's characters are interesting.  And like Spielberg, King is often at his best when writing about kids. \\"Mile 81\\" is no exception.  If I had to manufacture a criticism, it would be that Pete and Rachel, 10 and 6 years old respectively, are just a little too clever and precocious and have it a little too much together for their ages.  But that is a minor quibble.  If you liked any of SK's short stories or novellas, you'll like \\"Mile 81\\".<br /><br />Recommended.<br /><br />JM Tepper
0739313126|5.0|Dan Brown does his research and writes a really interesting story. I highly recommend it. Some religious people might take offense at some of the point he makes, but one must remember that, while it often reads like a factually based story, it it still is a novel. Nonetheless, there is a lot of factual information revealed in this book, and that is part of what make is such an interesting story to read.
1591844096|2.0|If you want to know HOW to become a linchpin do NOT buy this book.    The author states \\"There is no map. \\"    This book is horribly  repetitive.      The author talks about ABC jobs, which is attendance based compensation where the worker is paid just to show up.       In my opinion, while writing this book this author was working On WBC (word based compensation).   It appears to me that the author was trying to deliver a minimum number of words before he felt he  could complete the book.      I believe this only because In my opinion, the author spends hundreds of pages making the same point ad nauseum - that you SHOULD be a linchpin...     Not worth your time IMHO.
B00007GZR5|3.0|I had a lot of trouble with the imagery and cinematography of this film which often distracts from and competes with the story and the profound philosophical and spiritual issues the story explores.  Nevertheless the views on love, the afterlife and the transcendence of love explored in the film invite ongoing reflection.  It has an ongoing subliminal influence that overcomes the gimmicky and sometimes off putting images.  Anyone who has suffered loss of a loved one to suicide or to a tragic accident will find a lot of comfort here, I think.  I love the idea that here on earth and in our afterlife, we are responsible for our own destiny and I love the idea that we can continue to help and celebrate our loved ones
B004SUDPWI|5.0|This movie was received quickly and in just the condition promised.  I couldn't get over how wonderful the cleaned-up transfer was and truly what a terrific difference blu-ray made!
B004VMVTNU|5.0|this is the best alarm clock I have ever used in my life. give it a shot wont regret it
B0041KKYGU|3.0|This is not only 'a bad teacher' character but a bad movie.  I figured with celebrities like Jason Segel, Justin Timberlake and Cameron Diaz, this would be a good movie, not necessarily classic but definitely worth a few dozen laughs and good entertainment. But the main character is nasty, dope smoking, mean, cussing, coarse, etc., and not redeemable.  In real life of course, she would have hit the bricks from the school system long before the first couple of scenes. This was an unusual role for Cameron who generally turns out to be one of our favorite people - someone we would like to befriend. There were a few good hilarious scenes like when she dry-humps Justin, her driving, a gym episode, and a few others; but overall this one will go from theaters to DVD in a matter of hours. This is kind of describing a girl with 'a nice personality' but chancey, and this movie has great stars but...
B003H9M1QM|5.0|Dizney's 'Dumbo' is super kool. especially the part where Dumbo gets his revenge on all the circus community that made his life miserable and made him a neglected outcast. the best part was when he trumped those good for nuthin clowns. nobody likes clowns anyway and it was fun to see em get what was comin to em.<br />  people can be mean. clowns more than most like to make fun of people and can have a callous sense of humour. Dizney's 'Dumbo' the elephunk is every nerds revenge fantasy and vindication that you should never underestimate a person (or elephunk's) differences. they often have something to offer. but when people are being mean and indifferent they don't always get it. but sometimes they get theirs in the end. just like the mean elephunks and those nasty, vicious clowns.<br />  the crows were bad news too, but they at least helped Dumbo to get tough and stop being a victim. something all the Dumbo's of the world should do. Dumbo is kool. he's my hero and mentor in life. i too want to get revenge in life and have the satifaction of getting back at all the mean circus clowns who have ignored and neglected and ridiculed my life.<br />  which one are you? a nerdy Dumbo or a mean clownie? have you been nice or helpful to anyone who needed it lately? or do you just say mean things about people's mothers? who knows? maybe one day all that meaness will come back to you.
B00005JGAB|5.0|Kick it into over-drive, give granny & grandpa some ear-plugs, crank it up and hold on to yourself 'cuz you're about to be blown away (literally).  This is one of the most powerful rock'n'roll records ever recorded.  Dubbed 'a 30 minute vinyl speed trip' back in 1975, this is the record that was credited with officially kicking off the PunkRock era.  Having worn out my original vinyl record, I ordered this just to have an actual hard copy plus it comes with bonus tracks (no bonus anything back in the day).  Product arrived well on time and was packaged very well as well.<br />This record is best listened to with your VU meters in the red (I crank it up at 5:00 in the morning when my wife goes to the gym) and a nice cold pint.  God I love Rock'n'Roll!
0345529057|5.0|A great saga, I look forward to reading the next 3 volumes.  This 4 volume set really held my interest.  They are well written with lots of detail. If you like intrigue in the palace, festivals with jousting, long dreary rides in the mud, beautiful scenery, eerie ice people, direwolves, etc this series is for you.
1563894696|5.0|Wow.  Believe the hype.  THE LONG HALLOWEEN is THE quintessential Batman book, for a number of reasons: great storytelling (full of suspense), great artwork, and an excellent cast of characters including a veritable Who's Who of Batman's colorful rogues gallery.    THE LONG HALLOWEEN (1996) is a sort of follow-up to Frank Miller's [[ASIN:1401207529 BATMAN: YEAR ONE]] (1987), chronicling the efforts of Batman, Captain Jim Gordon, and District Attorney Harvey Dent in cleaning up Gotham City.  (Gordon and Dent have been promoted since YEAR ONE and Batman seems to have fully blossomed as a Caped Crusader by this time.)  The saga focuses on Carmine \\"The Roman\\" Falcone, \\"Gotham's untouchable crime boss\\", who was introduced in Miller's origin story.    A mysterious serial killer terrorizes Gotham City for a year, notably striking on holidays every month and seemingly targeting the Falcone crime family.  Who is behind it and how can they be stopped?  Batman wants to know.  The police want to know.  Even Falcone wants to know.    Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale team up for an all-time great Batman yarn.  The book has an epic, cinematic feel to it.  Reading it is like watching an excellent movie unfold.  Sale's artwork is stylized and expressionistic, capturing the film noir sensibilities of the tale.  Lots of shadows.  The art sets the mood.  The story (assisted by the art) is full of suspense and good old-fashioned whodunit mystery.  All the way to the end.  The writers keep you guessing who the killer is.  Seems like everyone has a motive.  Is it Salvatore Maroni, Falcone's chief rival?  Is it Catwoman?  Is it Harvey Dent?  Could it be Falcone's own sister?    What makes this a great Batman book to check out is its depiction of that wonderful world of Batman.  Arkham Asylum.  Wayne Manor.  And those villains.  Everyone's favorite Batman villains show up in this mystery saga.  Sometimes they are distractions for Batman in his search for the killer, sometimes they are employed by themob at the heart of the story.  Most of the top villains play a significant role in one of the book's thirteen chapters.  Readers will see favorites like the Joker, Catwoman, Poison Ivy, the Scarecrow, the Mad Hatter, the Riddler, Solomon Grundy, and yes...Two-Face.    I especially like how some of these characters are used within the whodunit framework.  A highlight for me is the Joker, who shows up in the Christmas issue, quoting Dr. Seuss's \\"The Grinch\\".  He sees the holiday killer as competition for the city's top psychopath, and wants him out of the picture.  The Riddler is brought in by Falcone to use his superior puzzle-solving skill to unravel the identity of the killer.  Flirty Catwoman is always showing up and even helps Batman out a few times.  The two have an interesting dynamic.    Christopher Nolan's recent Batman movies, BATMAN BEGINS (2005) and THE DARK KNIGHT (2008), have taken considerable influence from THE LONG HALLOWEEN (among other sources).  Particularly regarding characters like Carmine Falcone and Harvey Dent.  But there are other similarities, too, though sometimes the details have been switched around.  And as much as I love those movies, with their roots in a semi-plausible reality, I don't think you can top this book.  The film translations pale in comparison with THE LONG HALLOWEEN in terms of the sheer Batmaniness of the book.  The book tells a noir-inspired crime/mafia story, but it lets its freak flag fly in ways the movies don't like to.    Originally released as thirteen monthly issues from Fall 1996 to Fall 1997, paralleling the monthly exploits of the holiday killer, the complete epic is collected here in graphic novel form.  The normal paperback edition includes the scripts and layouts for two \\"deleted scenes\\" that would have elaborated on a couple of points in the story.    For Batman enthusiasts I cannot recommend THE LONG HALLOWEEN highly enough.  If there's one Batman book to check out, this is it.  Well-written, well-paced, well-drawn.  Full of familiar faces and the core themes that define the Dark Knight and the world he inhabits.  I couldn't put it down.  I read it all in one (lengthy) sitting.  It's like watching a movie.  This is as good as Batman gets, folks.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|While the last straight up \\"X-Men\\" movie wasn't terrible, the franchise was losing some of its luster.  Then there was \\"Wolverine\\" which was bad enough to give thoughts of a death blow to the series.  But then!!  Like \\"Batman\\" and \\"Star Trek\\" which had similar fates, \\"X-Men\\" is rejuvenated with this prequel that holds interest beyond the fan-boy focus group.  This is accomplished for the most part with some brilliant acting - aside from January Jones - and a strong script.  Sure, there are plenty of special effects and stunt work, but the real focus is on the story, the origins as it were.  The dark beginning of Erik/Magneto in the Warsaw ghetto of WW II is played with straight up seriousness by Michael Fassbender.  Professor Xavier becomes a mentor of sorts before the two split because of what are frankly, political differences.  It is easy to take either side.  The film is not so serious that wisps of humor are inserted but they are not so obvious for the most part, but don't worry, you'll catch up later.  Well done.
B002ZG9774|5.0|Burlesque is about Money and Power that tears apart the Human Soul...anyone with a caring soul will get wrapped up in the actual story while being entertained with Fantastic Music, Unmatcheable Singing Voices and Spectacular Timing!!!  Great Job!!!  Another Must See!!!
B004WKOCP8|5.0|On first listen I admit that I was taken aback- I was ready for some kick ass rocking songs, and they're not on this album. I was bummed! I had already bought plane and concert tickets to see these guys with my brother and the majority of the material would be from THIS album. Oh no! But by concert night two weeks later I was convinced that this new direction for Incubus is simply evidence of their incredible musical growth. The melodies and harmonies are fantastic. I love this album, as equally as I love each of their other albums, but for different qualities - ultimately though it is for the same reason-these guys are gifted musicians. And they still played \\"Vitamin\\" and \\"Calgone\\" live - they are not abandoning their previous style, but simply diversifying. We are privileged to experience it!
B002ZG99TK|5.0|Unstoppable which is based on an actual life situation, makes the impossible happen through dedicated, knowledgeable employees.  Multiple heroes are born out of this experience as well as many failures showing that on the job experience conquers over jobs with big titles with no hands on experience.  A must see!
B0050PYNO4|4.0|I didn't get to catch Paul at theaters.. but i was such a Hot Fuzz, Shaun of the Dead, and Kristin Wiig fan that I bought Paul straight up.  I'm glad I did because I now have not only a british-comedy-nerdy type movie to add to my collection but another sci-fi one as well :)<br />I think the balance between simon and nick type comedy added to seth rogen's type cast comedy was just right :)
B004529NKC|4.0|Although this CD is not true to the movie music - it is pretty close. If you like hip hop sound and tempo - this CD will entertain you.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|Product came right away and with no problems or damage. Was exactly what I ordered. Would buy from them again.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Plays well on galaxy s.  Clever game.  Smooth graphics.  I look forward to their next game.  Ran with no issues at all.
B002ZG980U|1.0|The plot is boring and the acting is bad.  I am sorry I spent money on this film.  If this is a pretext of movies to come, I will quit buying.
B004EPYZSU|4.0|Look if you want an Oscar contending movie on par with last years True Grit than don't watch this movie, but if you are looking for Indiana Jones and James Bond to kick alien butt while riding horses across the Old West while shooting six shooters and chasing a few spaceships then this is the movie for you. I understand why some people didn't like the movie, I'm thinking because they can't suspend the belief that the little guy can sometimes win against the big guy or in this case, bullets v.s. lasers, but the graphics are great the aliens look good and the cast is excellent. Suspend belief for a little while, get some popcorn and watch some Cowboys kick some alien butt
B004P7CN7W|5.0|the faculty brought sci fi back for me.  Ive gone through horror phases and comedy <comedy doesnt do much for me> and action.  all of them are missing something.  As a child the first sci fi experience was aliens 3.  years later the faculty came out and i absolutly loved it.  it was and is a fresh faced sci fi flick that didnt leave behind the greats with references to jack finney and robert heinlen.  A great friday night at home movie.    my only complaint but i understand why they did it.  the movie was promoted with tommy hillfiger, all the main stars are wearing tommy.  for real, all tommy all the time. stokely, the goth chick with a chip on her shoulder, is wearing tommy.  what goth girls have you seen running around in jet black tommy hillfiger?  it makes sense tho.  im sure tommy hillfiger payed them well for it and it doesnt really affect the movie.
0307477479|4.0|I had to force myself to keep going after the first 40 or 50 pages. Too many childish, spoiled, amoral, hopeless people who seemed to have little to look forward to. By the end, though, Egan's artistry and honesty had converted me. It took a while to find redeeming characteristics, but they're there. She writes with such facility, she's awe-inspiring (for a writer to read, at least). The late section written in a unique form succeeds in spite of its obvious aim to be different for the sake of being different.<br /><br />Maybe one needs to be 30 or 40 years younger than I to cotton to this book immediately. Never mind, she won me over in the end.
140120841X|5.0|Impressive! V for Vendetta is a phenomenal work of fiction. This is one of Alan Moore's best (surpassed only by Watchmen, in my opinion). It tells of a near-future England that has limped through war and disasters--now allowing fascism to offer safety. It is a frighteningly believable world: civilians do as they are told and those in power control and abuse. We follow main characters Evey, an initially timid and desperate young woman, and V, a mysterious masked vigilante who desires to free the country from oppression. It is a very character- and idea-driven plot, yet also contains some action and surprises. This is a very thoughtful and intriguing look at prejudice and personal freedoms. It encourages all to think freely and be open-minded.<br /><br />This is a graphic novel, and the art by David Llyod is superb.  The pen and ink work is high contrast and the coloring is beautiful. The style is subdued and fairly realistic, which fits this story well. My single complaint is that it was occasionally difficult to tell some of the minor characters apart, but it certainly wasn't a big problem.<br /><br />This is a read for mature audiences. It explores such heavy topics as terrorism, homosexuality, anarchy, abuse and torture. Most of this is discussed rather than depicted, but there is a minor amount of blood and nudity. I was rarely offended by the artwork, but there were a handful of images I found gratuitous. I doubt younger readers would enjoy this work, but most adults will find the content fairly inoffensive. I would only avoid this book if you are very sensitive about mature content: violence and current issues as they may appear in the news, or nudity as it may appear in classical artwork. It is an adult read, but not one that I believe adults should avoid.<br /><br />I urge you adult readers to try this one! If you have any interest in politics or current events, Moore presents some issues that are important to think about. Despite the heavy themes, it is also an enjoyable read. I found myself wondering what would happen next, and engaging with the characters regardless of their shortcomings.  If V for Vendetta sounds remotely interesting to you: you owe it to yourself check it out!und myself wondering what would happen next, and engaging with the characters regardless of their shortcomings.  If V for Vendetta sounds remotely interesting to you: you owe it to yourself check it out!
B002ZG981E|2.0|I had heard good things about this movie. I wanted to like it, but in the end, it just didn't do much for me.     It's not that it was a bad movie. It just seemed a little overblown, overcomplicated, and overdramatic for what was actually going on.    You know the plot. Good ol' Leo enters people's minds, sneaks around there, and steals (or perhaps plants) information. Sounds like a decent enough sci-fi yarn, doesn't it? I love themes like that, in themselves. Sort of a Dreamscape meets The Matrix, all focusing on the question: \\"What is real?\\"    But the movie bogs down. Mainly it gets so caught up in \\"rules\\" that it loses itself. For example:    1. You need an \\"architect\\" to create the dream.  2. Subconscious people will try to kill you.  3. Time flows slower the deeper you go, /10, /100, /1000.  4. The feeling of falling is one of the few things that will wake you up.  5. Getting killed while in a regular dream will wake you up, UNLESS...  6. You are killed while sedated, in which case you will go into \\"Limbo\\".  7. And etc, etc, etc... until you don't even care anymore.    I mean really. I understand the need to have some consistency in a made-up movie universe. But since when do dreams follow ANY rules? The obsession the film creators had here in sticking to a bunch of arbitrary \\"rules\\" bordered on OCD.      And apparently you can't just wake up from a dream. You have to be \\"kicked\\". And if you are having a dream within a dream, you have to wake up in the deeper dream before you will wake up in the upper dream. Or else you may fall into a deeper dream and from which you cannot wake up, and- uh... something. Sorry, lost track there. If any of that seems overly complicated to you, let's just say that you are far more intelligent than the all-too-clever people who produced this movie. That or you and are both too dumb to \\"appreciate\\" it, fanboys will charge, no doubt.    And that's another gripe I have about this movie. The subject - dreams. It lends itself to suchawesome writing, really limited only by the imagination. But the dreams in this movie were so unimaginative. They were flat, boring, downright lifeless! How could that be? Why should dreams be limited only to city streets and urban apartments? I guess by those standards, the snow base is considered imaginative. How about a city in the sky, instead? And I think my subconscious would be defended by dragons and monsters, not chicago-esque gangsters with machine guns, thank you very much! Really, for a movie about dreams, what you see here is completely underwhelming.    I also disliked the special effects thrown in for no reason. Wow. A city block exploding in slow motion. And this is profound? Why? I kept getting the feeling the filmmakers were trying to plant their own idea in my head. \\"Be impressed! Be very impressed NOW!\\" Only I wasn't. If I wanted to watch random stuff being blown up for no reason, I'd watch something by Michael Bay. (I'm talking to YOU, Transformers!)    The movie also featured a bunch of action sequences I didn't much care about. Where the Matrix was stylish and cool in this regard, Inception takes the route of \\"gritty realism\\", and falls completely flat. Gritty realism in a dream? Why? Of course, it never made any sense to me why so many people were required to be in the dream in the first place, so I never really cared one way or another when any of them were in danger.     The action is nonstop, but ultimately \\"much ado about nothing\\". We cut back and forth between dreams, with non-existent drama in each one. (I mean, repeated slow motion scenes of people falling a van? Really?) It seems silly to me the way the movie tried to get you to care what happens in one of the upper dreams, when you already know good and well that it won't have any impact whatsoever until they finish doing what they came to do in the lower dreams.     And I really wanted to care about the characters too, but they just seemed kind of soulless. Just gun-wielding morons,really. As an actor I especially like Tom Hardy, bless him. But there just wasn't much for him to do here except shoot a bunch of people. Leo gets most of the character building. And that's okay; he does a convincing enough job. It just left me wanting more. I think the movie would have done a lot better with 75% less characters and 75% less gunfights.    Something else that was really irritating was the ridiculous, overdramatic music. Music in movies is essential. But this just kept droning on and on. The seriousness just never let up! After a while, the dramatic music just starts weighing on you. By the end, I just felt like saying, \\"Enough already! Sheesh!\\"    There are two things I didn't get. ***SPOILERS AHEAD***    So if you spin a top in the dream world, it spins forever. But if you spin it in the real world, it falls down. This is how you know you are in the real world or not. But what about if you dream that it falls down? I mean, why couldn't you? For a movie that cares so much about logic, they sure skipped over that one.    I didn't understand the ending with the father on the deathbed. So he opens the safe, and finds the pinwheel. And his father says some kind words. Only in real life, he never really opened anything, did he? And his father didn't say anything nice. And above all that, who actually did any \\"Incepting\\"? I thought Leo was supposed to put the idea in the guy's head. Only he did that stuff on his own, apparently. So the whole idea of the movie crumbles and falls flat right there! I thought the point was for the guy to get an idea. Not for him to hallucinate events that completely did not happen at all. It just didn't make any sense.    \\"Inception\\". They kept repeating the word throughout, as if it carried profound meaning. Well, how about we look that up in a dictionary? It just means \\"beginning\\". That's it. Any meaning beyond that is just invented by this movie. And that's about as deep a thought as this movie will bring you, unfortunately.
B000TDIEX8|5.0|The theme from Rocky still give me goose bumps and fires me up like no other song.  When I hear the different songs I can picture the exact scene in the movies.
B004UXUSIM|5.0|I've seen 'Midnight in Paris' three times in the theater.  When people are visiting from out of town and want to see a movie, I take them to 'Midnight in Paris.'  This movie was absolutely delightful and I cannot imagine any other person playing the lead role than Owen Wilson.  He created an outstanding performance and Woody Allen is, in one word, an absolute 'genius.'
B000QCQ9O8|5.0|Atonement is a finely crafted, elegantly paced, un-putdownable novel that's part love story, part war story, part psychological suspense. I saw the movie (an excellent adaptation, btw) before reading the book, and I cried at the end, when the final thread is pulled and the whole thing falls into place. Even though I knew the story, the book affected me even more powerfully.
B001N26GFM|5.0|Watching this movie was the equivalent of watching a car accident about to happen. You know what's about to happen, you understand the dire consequences of what is about to happen, and understand the depth to which the lives of everyone involved will change, but the people actually involved are blessedly unaware. From the beginning, we can see that the friendship between Bruno and Shmuel is doomed, but because of their age and naivete, they are unable to see it. This movie was absolutely amazing. It did a fantastic job of expressing Bruno's initial state of unawareness, and his journey to opening his young eyes and seeing that something is not right. Although Bruno sees a lot of the hate that is going on, he doesn't understand much of what is going on, while the audience does. I would recommend this movie to anyone.
B004H4XI5O|5.0|If you like books that teach you something, tell a good story, and are well-written, you must read this one.    You will learn about memory:  how it works, how people train theirs, and how some people have too much of it (can't forget anything) and not enough (can't remember anything for more than a few minutes)    You will read a great story: about how the author trains and competes in the World Memory Championships (Huh?  I know...I'd never heard of them either)    You will enjoy a very pleasant and easy-to-read writing style.  For example:    \\"...we read and read and read, and we forget and forget and forget.  So why do we bother?\\"    \\"Everything about Buzan gives the strong impression of someone wanting to make a strong impression.\\"    This book is a keeper -- just remember to read it!
B003L7DK74|4.0|Got here real fast but the box was damaged and one of the disks was loose but not scratched or anything. I would buy from them again.
1439170916|5.0|Only halfway through and can't wait to finish. An absolute must read for everyone -- since all of us have been touched by cancer in some way: family, friends, and/or self. Finally, someone has put it all into perspective for me -- history, suffering, politics and the pursuit of a \\"cure.\\" Thanks so much. A real gift to people everywhere.
B001L1S1SK|5.0|This is a brilliant show and the third season will not disappoint. The show was actually filmed in New York City for this and the final seasons, and the change is very subtle but wonderful. All the characters of the Betty world seem more...well New York. It is filled of course with great Betty moments, quips from lovable Mark and Amanda, and Wilhelmina being a B*&$@, as we love her. The cast is amazing and I could say how much I love them all, because I do.    The simple explanation is that this season is a joy. If you love Betty you'll love this season as well, and when its over be left wanting for more!
B003HKN52A|4.0|Elvis as always is amazing.  This film itself adds to Elvis' mystic and title, The \\"King of Rock and Roll.\\"  So many great reviews have been written on this film.  I agree with many of them.  Where I want to comment is the production of the re-release.  Another reviewer made referrence to clips from this movie on You Tube.  I agree...where are all those clips?  It is clear that the people who produced, \\"Elvis On Tour\\" didn't put the same effort into it as those who produced the \\"Elvis, That's The Way It Is\\", \\"Aloha From Hawaii\\", and The \\"68 Comeback\\" re-release  As with those, so much more could have been done here, this could easily have been a two or three disc set.  Interviews, additional studios scenes, maybe even a full concert instead of just clips from the many Elvis did on this tour.  This was clearly a way to see how much money could be fleeced from Elvis fans around the world.  This kind of reminds me of when Hollywood decides to make a sequal to a movie and can't get the original cast together but does it anyway.  If you couldn't bring all the members together, don't do it.  With this film, if you weren't going put more effort into it, don't release it until you can.  I'm sure someone is planning to release this movie yet again in the future.  Maybe for the 40th anniversary (I have no confirmation of that).  If they are, do the fans a favor...do it right...PLEASE!  Elvis gave 100% of himself to his fans.  Follow his example next time.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Bless you, George Lucas, in all your benevolent glory, for finally granting the deserving Ewoks the gift of blinking. Their unwavering devotion to the great and all-powerful deity that is yourself has paid off at last. Again, I say \\"bless you, kind sir!\\"
B001DHXT5M|5.0|No much to say ... this product was the complete series of this TV show..... a historical program... will always remind me of when i was 15!
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|Technically I am giving this 4 1/2 stars for minor editing flaws. The worst example is referring to \\"Billy\\" when there is no Billy in the book anytime before or after. (Page 95, location 1191)     Having that out of the way, we discovered the book quite by accident only to learn that it is already soring up the book charts and has a movie contract. I say \\"we\\" because this was a summer read-aloud that I shared with my husband. It was great fun to read, comment, and speculate about the events, and pass it over to share the pictures. Seeing the pictures that inspired the plot was great fun--although Kindle doesn't do them justice. (I believe most pictures are more vintage than WWII era; probably around the turn of the last century)     My husband described it as \\"a little childish\\" and my answer is that there are portions that I would not want a child to read. I would describe it as an adult book written with children as main characters. Events are certainly not childish.     I love the author's style. Very visual and colorful. If the movie is half as good, I'm going to be hiding my eyes a lot. Looking forward to more from this author.
B001U0HBPQ|5.0|Absolutely beautiful, amazing, stunning movie. It broke my heart many times, but also made me smile and laugh with pleasure at key parts. By the end you *feel* like you've lived this entire lifetime with Benjamin. This is one of those movies you never forget, and remember always. One of the best movies I've seen in a very long time. I will remember it and it's story and lessons, as I continue to live out my own life. Hopefully as fully as Benjamin always tried to live out his.
B003MOHX8S|5.0|I listen to this music for everything. Getting up, swatting flies, reading a book,running, doing homework riding in a car. everything.
B00004RF9B|5.0|Yes, one of the best Sci-fi's of all & I mean all time. Where would of Star Trek have been for light effects without that forerunner. Check the ship as they go to drop out of hyper-drive. The Captain says, \\"Stations everyone.\\" The chief calls out, \\"You want to bounce through this one?\\" It's the birth of the idea for Star Trek's transporter, just used in a different manner. It was so far ahead of it's time for the sci-fi genre. I watch it all the time & don't you love the soundtrack? It's still one of the best monster concepts ever. Does anyone want to meet their Id?<br /><br />The Krell machine. 8000 cubic miles of self-maintaining physics & mechanics. Professor Morbius says, \\"Look in the mirror gentlemen, man does not behold the face of the Gorgon & live.\\"<br /><br />This was back in 1956, remember TRON another movie way ahead of it's time. There can be no doubt that Forbidden Planet's Krell machine was the inspiration for the world of Tron. Look at the images of them walking from one of the 400 shafts to the place they view the energy source.<br /><br />It is almost a twin to the shot of the individual tanks chasing the light cycles after they break out of the game grid. I will never love another Sci-Fi like I do this. It all works so very well & is expressed as a complete thought.<br /><br />I own it on both DVD & Laser Disc & always struggle to decide which to put on. Yes the DVD is higher def but the Laser Disc has a luminosity to the colors that is more ethereal than the DVD. Of course you need a decent LD player but I've got one.<br /><br />Hope the Blu-ray transfer is stunning!!!!<br /><br />The C57-D Interplanetary Space Cruiser, make sure you scroll down-<br /><br />[...]
B005CMSDKA|4.0|I really enjoyed watching \\"Hanna\\".  It's not the usual feel-good movie that we all come to expect. Everything about this movie is different (plot, actors emotions, scenes) and for me very interesting.  Even the \\"sound track\\" is unusual and exciting.  Also, If you want to test your sound system's bass tone or sub woofer--the DTS HD Master audio sound track on this movie produces BIG bass.  I actually had to decrease both my bass tone and sub woofer so I didn't get bounced out of the room LOL.    If you are looking for edgy, out-of-the-ordinary entertainment then I highly recommend this movie.
B004Y1USV2|1.0|It's a pity that a group like this has decided to continue under these conditions.  Jon Anderson's replacement, this poor boy called Benoit I do not know how,looks like a zombie un volition singing a endless mantra. Steve Howe and Cris Squier they seems are not there (or maybe they are taking a very large nap in the studio...and they woke up when the album was finished). Looking through the mud, perhaps the first song (the instrumental OVERTURE)is pretty good and WE CAN FLY it´s a nice, dynamic continuation, but after the third song,the unbearable voice of Benoit, shot down any attempt.   The producer, our inevitable Trevor Horn, makes the band sounds like any other boring neo symphonic band that began to infest the scene since the '90.  I can not understand how this CD received so many compliments, I for one will keep listening FRAGILE or any other album of YES where the band seems to have a bit of life...and not so languor.
B004U52VPS|4.0|We play various games several times a week (everything from scrabble to battlemasters). I bought this game as a surprise gift for my better half who plays the cellphone version even in bed at 3am.<br /><br />This is a neat little gift. It's great for small parties and game nights with small children (4yrs+ recommended because of small parts). It's not something that us regular serious gamers will keep in rotation through the week but we'll pull it out once in awhile for some mindless fun! Although, I'm tempted to keep one fort assembled and have us take turns to see who does the dishes each week. Or maybe bring to work for some lunchtime rounds with coworkers.<br /><br />The pigs, \\"logs\\", and extra point thingies are hard plastic with the birds being rubbery (think pet toys) and you only need a place to set them up (away from anything valuable is wise). The cards are easy to read and there are a few difficulty levels to choose from. It may seem like it's messy once things get knocked down but we didn't drop any parts off our little breakfast table. After about 30 mins and five rounds, we were ready to move on to something else.<br /><br />Overall, it's a good buy.
B004LWZW4C|1.0|I called Samsung and confirmed this blu ray does not work with their players. I downloaded the latest firmware update ver 1022.3 released on sept 9 2011 and the blu ray won't play. I called samsung and they confirmed that is a known issue. Don't request a return and replacement if you see this. request a refund!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I'll keep this short - I'm done shelling out good money for more bad, idiotic changes. I don't care how great these will look on Blu-Ray. No more defending Lucas just because I love the universe & characters he's created. Ewoks, Jar-Jar, made my peace with them. Digital touch-ups, minor enhancements, sure that's all good. But - completely changing pivotal scenes with unnecessary cornball dialog? And Greedo... for GOD'S SAKE, Greedo, George?!? I'm done. I can't in good conscience continue to buy into one man's struggle with his obsessive-compulsive disorder. He NEEDS some people around him that aren't afraid to tell him his new ideas STINK. Sorry, but they do.    You're losing true fans, George. We're dropping like flies. I'm keeping my 2004 DVD's and I will be content with them.    Taking the money I was going to spend on this new SW set and getting the LOTR Blu-Ray set instead.
B00005JXY3|5.0|THEY SURE DON'T MAKE MOVIES LIKE THIS ANYMORE!!! IF U DON'T LIKE THIS CLASSIC, SOMETHING IS WRONG!!!! THIS IS AS GOOD AS THE FIRST....GREAT MOVIE FOR ALL AGES!!!
B00004Z4SD|5.0|Young viewers probably won't sit still for the quiet thoughtfulness and the leisurely pace of this gem of a movie.    It is paced slower than the quiet moments in a Jesse Stone movie.  The understatement of its script makes \\"A Trip To Bountiful\\" looks frenetic.    But the performance of its star, Richard Farnsworth, is a career-capping tour de force.  The sweet dignity displayed by Mr. Farnsworth is unspeakably beautiful to behold - no less effecting than John Wayne's performance in his last movie, \\"The Shootist.    Now if someone would only issue a DVD of Farnsworth's great performance in the under-appreciated \\"The Grey Fox\\".
B005KGPBM6|1.0|This movie was weird and not real world credible (ie not really believable). I didn't relate to or like a single one of the characters and dialog was empty and I had to fast forward many of the speeches and conversations because they were boring. I rented this movie because it had a 4 star rating... It is definitely NOT a 4 star movie. Clearly Amazon's rating system is flawed and I regret my purchase.
B000UX6THK|5.0|I love this series , its absolutly fantastic until it climaxes at episode 16. After that it's just a sad spiral down into oblivion. I watch the rest of the series of course because I like most of the characters ; but the death of Leland Palmer is the most gut wrenching, hair on end creepy, emotional scene I have ever watched and makes anything after it in this series hard to swallow. Rather like cold coffee and and old pie...
B000PMLFRA|3.0|...Also known as the good ones. The movies are worth five stars, but since we are once again not getting the mid-nineties THX Original Cut Remasters, this set only gets three stars. I get that George likes to tinker with his old work, but why deny fans what they really want? Include both versions or at least offer a choice of what to buy. Yes, Lucas created the series, but after the fans and pop culture as a whole embraced them, they became as much ours as his. We want cleaned up versions of the original prints. That's it. If Lucasfilm released these, he could do whatever he wanted and most wouldn't care. As long as access to the original works is unrestricted, the fans' concerns would probably be eased. I don't even know if my old vhs works. I'd just like to see the old films as they were but in widescreen/hi def.
B002FRNCG0|5.0|I bought this CD on emusic.com for like 6.99. I've always thought that amazon.com always had the best deals but emusic is the best for buying music. But the album is amazing. Riot! is my favorite but this one is very powerful. Great album! I would recommend it to anyone who likes Paramore.
B0009HLD0K|5.0|I saw this movie shortly after it came out on VHS. It was a great movie back then and its still a great movie today. I can identify with this film (as many probably can too)...I graduated in 1980 so I can really identify with this film...    Ah, what to do after you graduate HS? Its the what comes next question and you and your friends have absolutely no idea! I mean, you just got done finishing a grueling 4 years of HS, the moment you've all been waiting for, then, after the excitement of graduating wears off all of a sudden you and your friends just realized something, you're not going back to school after the summer ends! What the heck are you and your friends going to do now! So, you mess around all summer long (like the characters in this movie) trying to find an answer to the \\"million dollar\\" question, your parents are asking you all summer long, \\"what are your plans?\\". About half way through the summer you're starting to panic because you know when the summer ends your parents are going to start getting serious with you. You start weighing your options and they don't look good because a job at Mickey D's doesn't sound all that great, you're not going to college so thats out, what is a HS graduate to do? Well, since your parents are blue collar workers (same as the characters in the movie) choices are limited.     Anyways, enough about me...This movie is about real life, its about that time in every persons life when there is that gap (what seems like a HUGE gap). The time when you're transitioning from a teenager to adulthood. This movie should be watched by everyone getting ready to graduate HS because there are lessons to be learned watching it! A time when you and your friends will come to the stark reality that you will have to start growing up and you will go your separate ways after the best summer you've ever had comes to an end...
B00005A46T|5.0|This ablum is great. I enjoyed the their whole first CD, and this one is no different. Also I received the CD plus another item 3 days before the estimated time, so thats a plus for them able to get it quickly to me. (Ordered straight from Amazon.)
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Lucas' constant refusal to include the original theatrical versions of Episodes 4-6, and his continued meddling with them up to this point has brought fans past the point of outrage to a dull, numb sadness, or worse, a bitter gallows humor over the whole thing.  These are not the films we grew up with, and not the films we loved.<br /><br />Boycott this product.
B004PR71JC|4.0|Loved listening to the music.    We used to travel to Rio and still have friends there so the music brought back some great memories.
0345522478|3.0|2 AND 1/2 STARS<br /><br />For a change of pace, I thought I'd give this new series a try.  And while I admit it was enjoyable and easy to read, I found the predictable pattern of events a bit disappointing.  Like many of Laurell K. Hamilton's Anita Blake Vampire Hunter books, among others, a bad guy enters the world of our protagonist, creates havoc by placing our hero into dangerous situations until he eventually outsmarts the villain before the end of the book.  Rinse and repeat for the next book.  The light banter between ancient Gods is not nearly dark enough and does not feel authentic.  Their fluffy interactions are more in line with books my grandmother reads.  I did, however, like some of the creative fight scenes and the clarity of the moves.<br /><br />The obvious continuity error of talking to the police with a missing ear that was not there the day before was just plain lazy.  But since that was the only continuity error I discovered, I'll let that one slide.  While the hero claims to be worried of the dangers around him, he never really acts like a man whose life might end at any moment.  Although every chapter in \\"Hounded\\" is well written and, for the most part, moves at a nice pace, I was expecting something more original and outside the box.  Maybe I'm wrong and the next book will veer from this familiar model, but I suspect not.  I'll give author Hearne another try with \\"Hexed\\", but his Druidic lifeline is quickly fading.
140053271X|5.0|Even though I knew that Amazon would be making changes in its ereader lineup very soon, I bought the Nook Touch (September 6, 2011).  Never had an ereader, so this was a careful purchase.  After reading as much as I could online, I got the Nook for the following reasons:    1.  Epub capability.  As of now, Kindle doesn't do epub.  It is very easy to convert my Word documents to epub and sideload on to my Nook.  The ubiquituous epub standard has opened a world of reading possibilities for me.  There are a number of online websites that will allow you to upload Word docs and convert to epub for free.  All the free ebook sites have their offerings in epub.  2.  PDF reading.  Likewise with epub, I can convert my documents to PDF and they look great on the Nook.    3.  Ease of sideloading.  Just connect to the PC, and the Nook appears as another drive.  Just drag and drop from the desktop to the Nook and I'm in business.  4.  Touch screen.  Having a choice, I'd rather not have a physical keyboard.  The Nook's touch screen just WORKS.  5.  Design.  I really like (a) the rubberized coating.  Easy to grip, feels good.  (b) the size.  Small, easy to carry around.  (c) the page buttons.  The buttons are a little stiff, but I quickly got used to that.  (d) the battery life.  It's living up to it's claims so far.  To not have to charge ANOTHER dang instrument every day is heaven.  6.  Library lending.  I went to a local library that had the ebook capability.  Got the library card.  Went home and followed the instructions the library gave me.  Voila!  I am reading a great book for free from the local library that would have cost me at least 10 bucks online.    As I go forward, I'm sure there will be other things I'll discover about the device I like.  Right now, I can't keep my hands off it.
B0052RDHTM|5.0|I finally got around to reading this book, and it's even better than I had hoped. There are lots of historical fiction novels written by authors who spin an interesting story across a thin wash of historical background. Fall of Giants is different.    WWI is a confusing bit of history. It isn't obvious how the assassination of an Austrian archduke could've drawn so many nations into war. Surely cooler heads would prevail. I've studied this history in school and read about it since. I'm no expert, but I remember enough to think that Follett's story would probably fall short - no way he could cover all that and keep a good story going. I was wrong.    Follett set out to explain this with fictional characters who could dramatize these events in a powerful way. He wanted to grab us with characters that the reader cares about, giving us that \\"runaway train\\" helpless feeling as the world plunges into war. His coverage of key events, things that were said and done, technologies that were used, how citizens felt, how they dressed, how they spoke and how people of different classes treated each other are all carefully researched and vividly dramatized. It's quite an achievement and really brings his story to life. Great stuff.    This book is rather long, but it went by quickly. I was in no hurry to finish, but I couldn't put it down. Next thing I know, it's over, and now I can't wait to read the next book in the trilogy.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|This has been a very good movie for my grandchildren.  Bought it as a gift and they have really enjoyed it, watched it many times.
030745455X|5.0|on time, clean, great read...of course...great price, and shipping was was quick....twenty words...ok I read this book at the beach, it was a good book, I got sand on it, but it still read the same...and I do love reading an actual book, and I will still buy them....is that 20?
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I have long debated the original film faithfuls for not embarrassing the mostly positive changes in the updated versions of the original trilogy.  I grew up mostly on the special editions as they were in films when I was young.  I then smoothly went into the new trilogy and loved them as well.  Star Wars rang true for me as a Spiritual and Political Allegory.  So, the new trilogy exploring how someone good can become evil worked will for me.  Also, showing how a republic can fall into a dictatorship was a perfect way to show what is happening to America in modern times.  It also shows how good people sometimes do bad things, thinking that they are doing the rights things for what they feel are the right reasons.    I never understood why the Han shooting first thing was such a big deal.  It's how Lucas story boarded it, from what I hear, so it was part of Lucas getting back to his original vision.  I liked the space battles more and like many CGI characters more than many of the puppet characters that, as Lucas has pointed out, never really worked.  Puppet Yoda was awesome; but the pit of carkoon looks better with a beak.    But that's what this all was supposed to be about, right?  Lucas showing us his original vision.  Han shooting first being changed was the second only real change in from the original that impacts storyline; Luke shouting as he falls in Empire is another.  I also saw nothing bad with adding Naboo to the end scene.  I liked the new music and end scene in Jedi better than the original; as it felt more complete.    My first real offense was the new Anakin in Jedi's ending for DVD.  Where is the old dude that looked so fatherly a loving from the original films and the original special editions?  He's gone, and now we have Hayden Christensen.  Who, truly, I liked in the new trilogy; but doesn't belong in the original.    But this, this is obscene.  Vader shouting No!?!  It made sense in Revenge of the Sith.  He just realized his wife was dead.  It was supposed to be a nod to Frankenstein, I think, and really do think fans were overeating.  But here, in Jedi, it makes no sense at all!  It's there just to try to tie Vader to his Episode 3 self.  Which, I felt worked well subtly.  If the leaked youtube clip really is the voice, it sounds awful!  And yes, New York Times does confirm that Vader does say No.  I thought it was a cruel joke from some Youtube poster making a point about the changes and seeing if people would think it was real.    I don't foresee myself buying these anytime soon.  Please explain to us, Lucas, how this addition in any way lands in the category of fulfilling your original vision?  This is just a blatant attempt to make the two trilogies appear more cohesive. Which, unlike many fans, I did feel they were cohesive already.    For the future, I don't just want original versions.  I think they deserve to be in there for the fans that love them and for film history.  But I don't just want them; I also want the 90s special editions that I feel are better than both the new version and the originals.  Vader shouting No is just awful.  What were you thinking Lucas?  Why do you hate us?
B003SI7OQ4|3.0|The kids liked this movie, but it wasn't necessarily their favorite (when being compared to Cars, Finding Nemo, basically any Pixar movie). Still it's a fun movie for children under 8 to watch.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|It has some bugs. I did loose my save game but while it worked I had fun with it. I did back up my save before I lost it and eas able to restore my game save but that is why I ratec it lower. If they fix that then I would give jt another star. Galaxy Tab
B004WFZFIG|5.0|Purchased this book for my son for his 24th birthday - he is a huge Matt Ridley fan.  He was very pleased with the book as a gift for his birthday.
B005D9MUWY|2.0|I liked this keyboard at first. Then after a week or so I found it irritating. It seemed to always do weird crap with the auto correct that just made it frustrating for me. I like Hackers Keyboard more myself and it's free. HTC MT4GS.
B003UESJH4|5.0|XXXXX<br /><br />\\"1925: King George V reigns over a quarter of the world's population.<br /><br />He asks his second son, the Duke of York, to give the closing speech at the Empire Exhibition in Wembley [Stadium], London.\\"<br /><br />These on-screen words are at the beginning of this mesmerizing movie based on true events.  The aforementioned  speech was, in a word, disastrous.<br /><br />Colin Firth plays Prince Albert Frederick Arthur \\"Bertie\\" George, the Duke of York, the King's second son, and later King George the Sixth who, to overcome a devastating stammering (stuttering) problem, sees Lionel Logue (Geoffrey Rush), an Australian non-credentialed and eccentric speech therapist living in London.<br /><br />Bertie and Logue eventually become friends as they work together, and after Bertie's brother abdicates the throne, the new King relies on Logue to help him make a radio broadcast on Britain's declaration of war on Germany in 1939.<br /><br />After I saw this movie, it left me paradoxically...speechless.  That's how good it was.<br /><br />This is a movie that effectively presents a realistic depiction of the frustration and fear of speaking faced by people who stammer on a daily basis.  In fact, at one point Bertie wanted to be known as:<br /><br />\\"Mad King George the Stammerer.\\"<br /><br />To add yet more realism, nine weeks before filming began, Logue's notebooks were discovered.  Actual quotations from them were incorporated into the script!<br /><br />In this movie, two actors stand out.  First, Colin Firth who does a superb job of depicting a king with a significant speech problem.  He actually got training to learn how to speak realistically with a speech impediment.  Second, Geoffrey Rush gives an admirable performance as the eccentric speech therapist.  His depiction of Lionel Logue was so good that I can understand why Logue became known as \\"an uncommon commoner.\\"<br /><br />Other aspects of this movie such as photography, cinematography, visual style, and art direction also deserve high praise.  I also appreciated the background music--music by Mozart, Beethoven, and Brahms.<br /><br />Finally, the DVD set (released in April 2011 by Alliance Films) is perfect both in visual and audio quality.  The second disc has five extras including speeches from the real King George the Sixth.<br /><br />In conclusion, after seeing this uplifting movie, you'll probably be...lost for words.  This is a superior and intelligent historical drama fit for a king--and the rest of us!!  I leave you with one of Lionel Logue's tongue twisters:<br /><br />\\"I'm a thistle-sifter.  I have a sieve of sifted thistles and a sieve of unsifted thistles.  Because I'm a thistle-sifter.\\"<br /><br />(2011;  2 hr;  widescreen;  22 scenes,  2 discs)<br /><br />&lt;&lt;Stephen Pletko, London, Ontario, Canada>><br /><br />XXXXXle, and art direction also deserve high praise.  I also appreciated the background music--music by Mozart, Beethoven, and Brahms.<br /><br />Finally, the DVD set (released in April 2011 by Alliance Films) is perfect both in visual and audio quality.  The second disc has five extras including speeches from the real King George the Sixth.<br /><br />In conclusion, after seeing this uplifting movie, you'll probably be...lost for words.  This is a superior and intelligent historical drama fit for a king--and the rest of us!!  I leave you with one of Lionel Logue's tongue twisters:<br /><br />\\"I'm a thistle-sifter.  I have a sieve of sifted thistles and a sieve of unsifted thistles.  Because I'm a thistle-sifter.\\"<br /><br />(2011;  2 hr;  widescreen;  22 scenes,  2 discs)<br /><br />&lt;&lt;Stephen Pletko, London, Ontario, Canada>><br /><br />XXXXX
B0032UYFA6|5.0|We never saw the show when it originally aired. Now we saw the first 3 seasons and can't wait for the fourth to come out, although we are watching this season on TV when we can.
B005CMSDLE|3.0|I saw the previews and was looking forward to watching Hanna, a dna created ultimate soldier that's also a weird albino chick. I watched today and thought it was average at best. Rent it if you're curious
B002RD4UZ4|5.0|I bought this CD over a year ago and forgot about it until today. -  I'll never forget it again!<br /><br />Melody Gardot has a voice perfectly suited for the gentle jazz that she sings so well.  I am really impressed with her voice, with the orchestration, with the quality of the recording, with the arrangements, and with the second \\"Live in Paris\\" disc that was included as a  \\"freebee\\" in the deluxe version.<br /><br />I love this CD.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|Days of Future Past has its work cut out for it - First Class is, hands down, the best X-Men movie to date. Poorly marketed as a short of &#34;teen X-Men,&#34; it underperformed enough that some initially questioned if this was the end of the franchise. Luckily that was the case. The cast is awesome, with fresh perspectives brought to familiar characters. Kevin Bacon has a gleeful time digging into his villainous role. The focus is primarily on story and style rather than just CG effects. Everything about it works, can't wait for the new one.
0061730335|5.0|This book was a fantastic read. Universal themes of hard work and family are woven in with the technical aspects of creating a working windmill generator. For those interested in physics (E&M) the talk is enough to inspire more interest and for others it is easy enough to understand the concepts.    Service:   Shipped fast, received in perfect condition. Great service.
B004HO6I4W|2.0|The BluRay movie is a great movie but the disc we purchased has caused us problems from the beginning. The discs doesn't load properly when inserted into BluRay player. We have used the disc in 3 different types of BluRay players and we still have the same issue. Either the disc will not load and/or when it finally loads it locks up in the middle of the movie and you have to completely shut down the BluRay player to force it out. I guess we purchased a bad disc. We have not been pleased.
B005L7B22C|2.0|Penned by Mark Gatiss, co-creator for BBC's Sherlock series along with Steven Moffat, Night Terrors was marketed as the scariest Doctor Who yet, complete with the childhood fears motif that Moffat is well known for. Save for some funny character interaction, including the Doctor's penchant for toys and biscuits and poor Rory thinking that they've died -- AGAIN! -- the episode is an overall disappointment with somewhat weak plotting and pacing. The dolls, while creepy, failed to communicate a sense of danger and I felt very little connection to either the little boy or his father.<br /><br />Overall, the episode was more akin to the RTD era \\"monster of the week\\" episode than the loosely connected arc story telling from Series 5 and 6. After the thrilling roller coasters of the past four episodes, this standalone break was jarring rather than relieving. Night Terrors was originally slated to run earlier in the series, before The Rebel Flesh, which accounts for its odd placement. Worth a buy if you're a Doctor Who completist but still a disappointment for those who were hoping for more from the normally brilliant Gatiss.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I have read so many negative comments about this blu-ray. Most of these comments seem to complain about lightsaber color??? Who cares! For god sakes, just watch the movie. The story has stayed the same since 1977. Sure they added a few more effects here and there, but who cares?! I fell in love with the story of Star Wars not the CGI aspects of it. It's a space opera, the music is epic, and the characters are fantastic, it's a whole new galaxy brought to life! If you fell in love with star wars because of the effects, like lightsaber color or how many rocks R2-D2 hid behind on Tatooine, then you are a nerd. I just love to watch movies for their stories, sure effects are great, but seriously, a movie like Star Wars can get by on just a great story.    All in all, I'd say buy this if you love Star Wars. I think it looks great on my HD TV. The colors are vibrant and it just all looks \\"warm\\" if that makes sense. The sound is great too. I'm very pleased with this. If you are a big Star Wars nerd then this is NOT for you, but if you juts love to watch Star Wars and just love blu-rays in general, then by all means, buy this blu-ray!      Pardon my Star Wars term's spelling, I am not a Star Wars nerd. I just like to watch movies. Thank You.
B0057A6GA6|5.0|This game is great.i like that it takes a different approach than robo defense, but still insanely addictive. Must beat it all on nightmare our it doesn't count. The new maps are cool too. If you like TD games just a little then get  this its the best
B000001K2V|5.0|Having been delighted by Klien's Mozart recital on the bargain Regis label, I quickly moved on to this equally impressive 2CD Voxbox set which provides a beautifully balanced programme to encompass that peculiarly Mozartian amalgam of bitter-sweet poignancy and unalloyed joy.<br /><br />All the trademarks of Klien's pianism are on display: his extraordinary fluency, his ability to articulate percussively without impairing the fluency of the melody, an uncanny command of ritardando which makes the point without ever becoming obtrusive, his mercurial facility and super-subtle command over dynamics. These gifts are in evidence owing to the warmth and clarity of these 1964 recordings which defy their vintage status: there is barely any hiss and no distortion.<br /><br />Ignore VoxBox's perverse attachment to exceptionally garish and hideous cover designs and try to find volume 1, too. As much as I enjoy and esteem other Mozart specialists like Perahia, these would be my preferred accounts to introduce any newcomer to the profound humanity of Mozart's piano sonatas.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I purchased this to replace my sharpening stone.  What a great buy!  Sharpens and hones and even able to sharpen my serrated portion- very key.  For the money this is the best bang for your buck,  it's no bigger than a pack of gun.  It'd say this is the best sharpener on the market.
076115678X|5.0|My hairstylist recommended this book when I decided on a lifestyle change. What an amazing change. I've discovered the curly hair that I didn't even know I had. Anyone who has wavy or curly should read this book for education on hair saving products and techniques.
0061784788|1.0|This is the first of these Sigma Force novels I've read. Can't say I'll be back.<br /><br />The plot aims for The DaVinci Code but ends up a laughable jumble that conjures up a bad Nicholas Cage fumbling to find a lost city of gold in National Treasure II.
B005IZLPMY|1.0|Please Hollywood,no more boring comic movies without a soul.A good comic book does not neccesarily make a good movie.After torturing us with films like Daredevil,Ghostrider,Elektra,Spiderman (Sam Raimi what happened to you?) and so on,they still did not realize,they made a big mistake.The Captain America movie looks like a giant Teaser for the second part,which undoubtfully is coming to us in the near future.The film itself is so damn slow,the first 45 min are wasted with the desperate attempt to build up a connection to its cast.The main character is probably one of the worst actors ever seen on screen.And again it is the mighty american hero against the evil villain nazi,let me guess....the next enemy is russian?  For those who wear stars&stripes pajamas this movie might be something.For people wtih a taste for anarchy this movie is just one long and boring joke.
B004EPZ09S|5.0|Excellent movie! Makes you really think about how one thing can lead to something horrible! One touch, one cough, one bump, one hand shake, one movement....Watch out! Good movie though....Gwen Paltrow acts her tail off too! Lmao DON'T LET ANYONE TOUCH YOU ANYMORE....AND WATCH OUT FOR PORK! OINK OINK....
1569242739|5.0|I received this as a gift from my favorite cupcake-lover, and am so pleased that instead of merely \\"veganizing\\" non-vegan recipes, the chemistry aspect of the recipes is vegan from the get-go = really works! I started with the simple vanilla cupcakes with vanilla \\"buttercream\\" and am very happy with the results. Easy recipes, baking ingredients I already have (unlike Babycakes' cookbook... although to its defense, it is a gluten-free cookbook and therefore requires special ingredients), perfectly inspiring color photographs, and tasty results!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The prequels were abysmal.  Absolutely awful both in terms of story and cinematically.  Throwing tons of crap on the screen is no substitute for good composition.   And the 'going back and fixing' the original trilogy is a crime against film history.  Greedo shoots first?  George Lucas missed the whole point of his own movie.
0805080120|4.0|The formation of language and the way it's evolved over the centuries is so, so interesting.  For example, did you know that even though the word \\"I\\" has been spelled the same way for years and years and years and years, the pronunciation has changed drastically?  It used to be pronounced \\"Itch\\" (much closer to German).  And then it became \\"ee,\\" and then \\"eh,\\" and then FINALLY only in the 18th century did it start being pronounced the way we pronounce it today.  But it has been spelled the same way since the 14th century.  Fascinating, right?  It's facts like that (many, many of them) that make Guy Deutscher's book on language and how it got that way so interesting.  He tackles a massive subject, and so there are so dry bits and a lot of repetition around sentence structure and cases, but overall, it's a great read.  And if there's anyone who makes full use of language's dramatic ability, it's Deutscher.  For example, here are some excerpts from one chapter:    The devastation that erosion metes out is perhaps most conspicuous with case systems, which of all monumental structures seem to be most vulnerable...So not much more than a millennium after Cicero, the majestic Latin case system had been entirely wiped out of existence.  An even earlier casualty was the case system in the Germanic branch of Indo-European...But not even this reduced system succeeded in standing up to the onslaughts of erosion for very long, as soon after the tenth century, the final syllables were weakened and the whole edifice started to collapse.  By the fifteenth century, the system was in tatters and only the forms ending with an s remained in any way distinct...It is this depleted system that has survived...      Really, one would think Deutscher was talking about the utter and complete extinction of the dinosaurs, rather than Latin losing the vocative case ending (which, in my opinion, was completely worthy of extinction).  He gets so excited by and passionate about language- hilariously so- that one can't help but be excited with him.    And that's just one aspect of language that Deutscher covers in his book.  He also talks about metaphors and the propensity of people to use ever-bigger and more extreme words to describe things, thus causing these words (\\"awesome\\" springs to mind as a modern-day example) to lose their extreme and highly descriptive status.  You know what word started out as meaning very extreme?  How about the word \\"no\\"?  Yup.  You had to be pretty against something in the tenth century to use no in a sentence.  And now, well, \\"no means no.\\"    There are times when this book is very dry and complicated reading.  Deutscher spends a lot of time on Semitic languages and how they got so highly structured.  He also has a quirky writing style, alluded to a bit above, that can get a little trying.  But this book is littered with so many etymological gold mines that I was engaged the whole way through, and have already started telling all my friends interesting facts like, \\"Did you know that the word repent used to mean EXACTLY THE OPPOSITE of what it does now?  I'm serious!  It did!\\"  So for that alone, the book is well worth reading or scanning.  It gives you a new-found appreciation for language and the ability we all have to share complex thoughts with each other.
B002KSPKRS|1.0|Just like the other single star reviews the x41 headphones snapped and crackled.   The intrusive sound was so loud that I was subjecting myself to long-term hearing damage if I continued using them.  I might need to go wired as I have a lot of wireless devices in my home.
B004LWZVZC|1.0|JUNK > Let's defend the conspirators. This is a pathetic attempt at visually and verbally criminalizing the prosecutors of Surratt - typical liberal tripe (defend the guilty because they're misunderstood). Do they honestly expect us to believe that Mary was deaf in her own boarding house? Too busy making the beds? Cooking flap jacks? Kevin Kline as Stanton? R U KIDDING? Too tall, too thin and not enough facial hair (look at a picture of the squat Stanton) only the blind would cast him in the role. How is Redfords eyes these days?
0439023521|5.0|I couldn't put down this fast-paced, science fiction thriller. Once I finished it, I immediately bought the second book in the trilogy. Highly recommended!
0393964582|5.0|Always wanted this book, was a course requirement... but Professor told us we won't be using it. I'm going to keep it. Brand New untouched [I looked] terrific copy. I'm going to enjoy this!
B0055CJ8T2|5.0|This album reminded me of her 1st album (Simply Deep) but a bit more on the grown side. I love all of the songs on here. I don't understand how she's not as successful on her albums as some of the other artists when she has such a beautiful voice. I have every mix-tape with her name on it. When her 2nd CD (Ms. Kelly) came out, I was disappointed because it seems as if she took the ghetto route and that didn't work for her as a person, me and neither did it work for her voice. On some songs you could actually hear the difference in her voice from Simply Deep to Here I Am. My most favorite songs for her thus far is Haven't Told You, I'm Dat Chick, Work It Man (Favorite), Motivation, Forever And A Day, Rose Colored Glasses, Dilemma, Stole, Still In Love With My Ex, Feeling Me Right Now, Turn It Up, Every Thought Is You, Love/Hate and When Love Takes Over. I still have Simply Deep in rotation in my vehicle.     For awhile, I thought that she was only going to be good for mix-tape songs because there are so many that were great and there was no album to top them but then this album came out and I changed my mind. I can't remember the mix-tape songs at the top of my head but like I said they've all been great. When I hear one of her songs on a mix-tape, \\"I always rewind the song and ask myself, \\"Is that my Kelly?\\" lol    I know that she might not have the time to read my review but I hope for her much peace, love, happiness and much more success on her career. God wouldn't give you anything you can't handle. Keep the haters at bay. Love you Kelly.
B002G1YPH0|4.0|Cools well and is very quiet. One thing though I've always had a problem with. You can tighten it as tight as possible, without breaking the motherboard of course and it's still glides a little if you bump into it. It seems to stay in place but it does move if you twist it any, no matter how tight it is screwed in. Will definately be replacing it with a different brand that doesn't move at all.
007174889X|1.0|Editor Fauci includes van der Meer and Bleijenberg's egregiously inaccurate chapter on Myalgic Encephalomyelits (\\"Chronic Fatigue Syndrome\\"). It is no better than that in earlier editions by Fauci colleague Straus.   The article paints ME as having proven psychological components and relatively unproven organic components. Nothing could be further from the truth.   For example, they claim that \\"a direct microbial causation is unproven and unlikely.\\" And that CBT and GET are the only proven treatments while acyclovir and many others have been proven ineffective.   And so on. I give Harrison's one star because such misrepresentations by Drs. van der Meer and Bleijenberg have caused a tremendous amount of iatrogenic morbidity in ME patients.   I am very eager to give Harrison's five-stars, because in most other respects, it really deserves it. I have learned a lot from it. Please substitute an accurate chapter on ME and I would be delighted to give it five-stars and evangelize for Harrison's. The essential documents on ME (with more than enough information to fill a chapter in Harrison's) are:   - the 2003 Canadian ME/CFS Consensus Criteria   - the 2010 validated research version of the above CCC by Prof. Leonard Jason  - the 2011 International ME Criteria   Please contact me if you wish further information or if you wish to find an author who will draft an accurate chapter for you free of charge. Thank you.
1933952806|5.0|This book takes complex camera functions and makes them simple and clear to understand using step by step setting adjustments. I also like the page number references to the Nikon D7000 user manual.     This book helps me to better understand my new D7000 camera and helps give me the confidence that I can take many great photographs.    Thanks \\"Digital Darrell\\"
0375842209|5.0|I loved this story. A young girl, Liesel Meminger, is sent to live with foster parents in Nazi Germany during World War II when her mother must go to prison for being a communist. Together with her foster father, Hans, she turns the most dire of circumstances into a happy childhood. I cried too many times to count while reading this book, but it also warmed my heart.
B002PLALCO|5.0|I was already a Pink fan, but one night I was channel surfing and I came upon this concert.  My jaw was quickly on the floor.    All the other 5-star reviews here save me a bunch of typing - I agree with everything said in all of them.  Suffice it to say that Pink is truly an artist of the highest magnitude.  In this day of forgettable, sing mindless/meaningless lyrics over a drum track, talentless posers, Pink is one of the handful of artists that can compose, sing, perform and put on a show like this.    If you're looking to buy a rock concert video it doesn't get any better than this.  If you're lucky enough to have a home theater type setup, pop this baby in and crank it up one evening.
6304057709|5.0|I ordered this and got it three days later, simply amazing. If only others would be so expeditious! Thanks guys/gals! *Mary*
0066620996|5.0|This was a great used book at a much reduced cost from brand new pricing.  The book had very little signs of wear.
B0058DRUV6|3.0|Ironically, this book is just \\"good\\", not great.<br /><br />This could have been published as a \\"top ten ways\\" blog post, and probably would have spread further and had much more of an impact.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I have been an avid star wars fan my entire life, i have bought every vhs and dvd set until now. With as much space as we have on a blu ray disc, for George Lucas not to include all versions in hi def is just stupid. I am finally sick of the bull crap that we have all done through. He use to be one of my favorite people in film history, now he has become infamous. I will not buy a blu ray set until it contains all versions of the movie in 1 set.
B0058OUJA4|5.0|Zdefense is definitely one of the most challenging tower defense games I've played.  Begins at a modest pace and quickly builds to insane levels mayhem.  Addictive fun!
B003L77GGK|2.0|Of course I watched this season anxiously, but it just didn't hit the spot like it usually does. Maybe I was skeptical from the beginning since I figured you can't get any bigger or worse than the devil. Although entertaining, it was all over the place. fairies? dragons? then they had this mother of all issue last maybe 1 1/2 episodes then it was gone!Also the chemistry seemed a little strained between Dean and Sam which I thought was hilariously pointed out in The French Mistake episode. All in all it was like Chinese food, I was hungry again in an hour for something more fulfilling.
B002X7FELS|4.0|It was my first experience with Palahniuk, recommended by a similarly twisted mind to the portraits painted for us by the authors, so I wasn't exactly without warning. I wondered how great a book with this plot might be, but despite my involuntary repulsion at some of the less socially acceptable portions, I found the writing style easy but with a sophistication that is not easily found. The twists and turns of the story seduced me, and on more than one occasion I was caught laughing aloud while reading the descriptions, some of which I hesitate to admit my familiarity with.<br /><br />Fiction is not my chosen form of reading, but periodically I get into the mood to break out of what I might otherwise indulge in, and ask a random person to recommend a book. This being chosen, I read it, and do not regret it. It lacks the full five stars because, while there certainly could be argued a moral to be had by the audience, it is more along the lines of sheer shock and entertainment, lacking true depth of any kind (no pun intended).<br /><br />I might even read Palahniuk in the future, but I have a lot more books to read first.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|This is by far the best book about running I have ever read. It has a beautiful balance between science and entertainment.Christopher Mcdougall, when are you going to write another book?
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|A geek's fantasy, a gamers dream, an apocalyptic setting and an 80s stroll down memory lane (or weird insight into a weird decade). Not often you come across something so refreshingly new yet unbelievably well known. Buy it. You'll smile for days.
B0054SMIH6|4.0|Ain't no love in the heart of city...Can this movie hit a sore spot on the concept of a double cross, which can give hope for a judicial system I want to believe in still. The cast is an attractive one that could have inspired more character flaws and development, which would have catapulted the film into a five star film review. For instance his driver, his DUI, the motorcycles gang's and driver's loyalty that isn't easy to come by this day and age, alcoholism, including William Macy's past as a cop. The film lacked the needed emotion and suspense, and I don't know why.
B004LWZW4C|2.0|The Good: Cool costumes, fast paced storytelling, and brilliant action sequences. The characters' powers aren't downplayed and the mutant mayhem is pretty extreme. The actors do a good job with what they're given.    The Bad: This is clearly a movie that is pretending to be a prequel to the Bryan Synger/Fox X-Men movies. The opening scene is proof enough.  But the effort put forth to make it line up to the story and events of those movies is sad, and quite frankly insulting. Blatant continuity errors stand side by side with cutesy nods to the other films. Magneto and Xavier are well portrayed... but the supporting cast has been stripped of most of what made them cool/unique comic book characters. Again even characterization from the existing films is totally ignored (the Mystique in this movie cannot be reconciled with the villain from the later films). The 60s \\"Bond vibe\\" is arbitrarily tacked onto the world of X-Men, with no consideration of how bizarre it makes the timeline of the films. Characters like Emma Frost feel wooden and lifeless because they have been shoehorned into the role of Secret Agent Bad Guy Hench Girl. You get the feeling someone wanted to direct a Bond movie, but they were ordered to direct X-Men instead... so they just threw a hissy fit and did both. Some people like this, but it seems like a wasted opportunity to me.    The Ugly: The plot of this film is painfully predictable. It has all the faults of a bad prequel (you know exactly what will happen, how it will happen, and what the end results will be.) The original X-Men film does a fine job of telling us who Magneto and Prof. X are, what their complex friendship/rivalry is all about, and how their ideological differences keep them at odds. Spending hours overexplaining these things is about as unnecessary as it gets.     *\\"SPOILER\\" ALERT* ... if you are going into this movie suspecting that Magneto will go on to form the human loathing Brotherhood while Xavier will disagree, get crippled,and form the X-Men... well you're probably correct. All the characters you expect to follow the respective characters do, nothing terribly monumental happens, and the characters who die are the expendable ones that nobody cares about. I guess to me the X-men should hit the ground running and live in the present. Synger's X-Men accomplishes everything this movie does about Magneto and Xavier with a few choice exchanges between the characters. Less is More.    *END \\"SPOILERS\\"* The Bottom Line: Teeming masses of nerds HATE the Star Wars prequels, which (while not perfect) do have a timeline and events that make sense. The same demographic can look the other way for this movie, and I just don't see why? If they had rebooted the franchise and started over this movie would not have been such a mess. It's a solid B as a standalone sci-fi adventure. It's a C- as an X-Men movie at best. It's a big old F as an X-men Prequel. But you'll probably have to see it to know where you'll stand. :)
B0050PYNO4|5.0|You have to watch this, I love this movie!  If you like \\"Shaun of the Dead\\", then you will love this movie, twice over.
0517687801|4.0|If you, like me, love Dickens' \\"A Christmas Carol\\" but are sometimes confused about what some of the words or phrases mean then this is a good choice.  Hearn has laid out a lot of good annotations that will help you enjoy the book even more.
078322611X|5.0|Received more great movies at Amazon and lovin'it.Do you have family and friends that love watching movies? Then check out the awesome deals at Amazon for the upcomming holiday gifts. Mahalo and enjoy
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I cancelled my order after reading other reviews that this set does not include the original versions. What Lucas and crew have done by CGIing these movies is no different than studios wrongfully colorizing old B/W movies. Why stop at CGI? Perhaps John Williams' beautiful scores should be replaced with an updated electronic synthesized version as well. You blew it George!
B0053Q9DQI|3.0|I must say that i liked the older version.  i could have done without this new one, though I am not hatin' on the of the actors and actresses in this movie.  We really could have done with out another remake.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Lucas can do whatever he wants with his movies (and he has). Having said that, this is not the \\"Original Trilogy\\". As others have said, this version has new/deleted/modified scenes. Maybe a better title would be the \\"Modern Original Trilogy\\" or \\"Variations on the Original Trilogy.\\"
B004SDSSFY|5.0|I have been using Documents to Go for years, all the way back to the early Palm Pilot days.  I buy the full version for every device I get. The last device was a Motorola Droid two years ago. Now I have added an Acer Iconia A100 to my list of toys and the key code that I purchased for my Droid unlocked the full version on my Acer tablet.  So the guys at DataViz are still doing a great job at what they do. The app is very easy to navigate and pretty much self explanatory.  But if you need more detail then go to their website at DataViz.com and you can download a large PDF copy of everything this app can perform. They even maintain all of your key codes on their website for you. If you are use to using Microsoft Word then this will be easy for you. Most all function perform just like MS Word. So, it is well worth the cost to upgrade to full version.<br /><br />You can create documents on the Android device or drag and drop a Word, Excel, or Power Point document from you PC into the root directory of your device or its expansion card. Then make changes to the moved document at will.  You can also open a document on your PC directly from the Android through the USB cable and make changes there to. Or create a new Word, Excel, or Power Point document right on you Android.  My primary use of this app is to keep my company expense report in Excel running with me to add to it daily.  Then at the end of the week I send it to my printer, sign it, and turn it in.
1401228801|5.0|This is 1 of the 2 comic book series I've ever loved enough to care to purchase. I just can't get enough of the art, the storyline, the characters... Everything is so well-thought-out and put together! Leaves me yearning (and pre-ordering) more!
B004A8ZX28|5.0|If you like \\"Taken\\", you will defiantly love more of Liam Neeson in \\"Unknown\\".  I was like what is going on, trying to guess will do you now good, so just watch and let it unfold.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|Enjoy the app and think I will have fun with it.  The \\"sketch up\\" mode does a really good job of making the end result look hand drawn.
B004SDEP38|3.0|I don't have Office, but was hoping I could export Office formats from Pages and Keynote, but no luck.  Like the PDF reader though.
B00005JLEU|4.0|Good movie. However, be wary that younger children might find it frightening, there's a scene where a monster consumes another creature. Other than that, it was enjoyable. Miyazaki is a master.
B003Y5H54W|4.0|If you like \\"Twilight\\", then you will love this movie also. At first I thought it would be like \\"Curse of the Golden Flower\\", but nah, it was good, just enough color, good story.
B005COO1X6|2.0|This \\"novella\\" is definately not up to Stephen King's usual style.  The story was disjointed and ended quite abruptly.  I would not recommend it.
0316017930|5.0|So much to do and many hours to do it in...probably the best advice I ever received from a fellow artist was to \\"just show up...the art will happen\\"  And this book states just that...if this or that is what you want....\\"just show up and do the work...and by work I mean play at what you enjoy...the skill, the understanding, the technique, the art....will come. But you have to show up and be present!\\"  So reading this book will explain how that is so...and what can become of it...and go easy on yourself...the hell to all of the nay sayers...go to your room and do some painting, music, writing, or whatever your endeavour is to be....put in the time...(and this will happen faster than you think....it will be fun)....and make sure you have time scheduled for that...and do not let anything stop you...shield yourself from the world's distractions....and \\"JUST SHOW UP...THE ART WILL HAPPEN\\"
B004KPLVW2|5.0|We received the product on time and in great condition.  My husband is a huge Sci-Fi fan and was very pleased.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|Very happy with item, if I were to buy this in NZ it would cost $30 + 5 (NZD) for shipping. This item was purchased for half the price on amazon, very well priced, great item to have in your kit if you don't feel like lugging a .5kg stone around on your outdoor adventures. 4 stars as casing feels like cheap plastic could possibly break if dropped and stood on - not going to try though ;)    Cheers,
B0010358CQ|5.0|While expected the animation cgi effects are vastly improved with this sequel which makes watching the movie very entertaining to watch.  The movie does follow the storyline on the aftermath of the first movie and its affects both to the bioroids and to the two main characters as an unexpected circumstance tests their faith and relationship with each other.  The voice cast did a great job both for the subbed and dubbed,  and while the dubbed cast from the first movie did great the new voice cast that were selected for the second movie as well as the re-dubbed first movie are great favorites of mine especially for the voices of Deunan and Briareos both are longtime favorites for a lot of the dubbed animes from ADV Films and Funimation.  Again if you've seen the Ghost In The Shell movies or the series expect to feel a great sense of deja vu with a lot of the movie but at the end this is still a great dvd for any anime fan regardless and for a great price now as well...
B000HC2LI0|5.0|[[ASIN:B000HC2LI0 The West Wing: The Complete Series Collection]]<br />After watching and re-watching the West Wing on the cable-TV reruns, I was hooked. Great dialogue throughout - at least the shows I could watch. Then, I kept returning to Amazon's offerings - for months; and then I saw the SALE that made all the waiting worthwhile. I have removed the packing, but the wrap is still intact. I've learned to use the Amazon guarantee to my advantage, yet I am savoring every moment until I remove the wrap, inspect the disks, play a fair sampling, and then make sure it is acceptable. IF NOT, I contact Amazon.com and through my experience, I absolutely know that any shortcoming is tended, immediately. The sole exception of my shopping at Amazon.com happened with their Warehouse. However, in the end, I was fully satisfied. Oh, as for the West Wing, I'm am certain every episode is going to be exactly what I hoped!
B004LW8C0I|5.0|I can't believe how hard it was to find this movie, but it arrived sooner than expected and in great condition.
B004132HZS|5.0|As an avid fan of the Sherlock series with Jeremy Brett, i approached this series with doubt for surely it could not be as good as that beloved series.....so we watched it and then fell in love with this series.<br /><br />This updated version of Sherlock Holmes takes place in the current time...think Sherlock with a mobile phone.<br /><br />It is excellently written, acted, directed and filmed.  This series and the actors are a treat to watch.  I can't wait to see season 2 of this series.  And will hope for many more seasons in the future.
B000F8O35U|5.0|Building Disney DVD collection for my daughter.  Very happy to find this little mermaid DVD online.  We received the item quickly and in excellent condition.
0553801473|5.0|This is a much better book and a much better series than plenty of other stuff out there. It is gripping, you feel for the characters, and you really enjoy the ride. I couldn't put it down. That being said, it is true that he takes to long to write them and that it is horrible to fear that he may not finish the series. It is also true that there are no great break-throughs in Book 5.
055357342X|4.0|Another very good book in the series.  George R.R. Martin has an excellent story telling ability and writing style that makes each character and chapter exciting and fresh.
0790731509|5.0|Paul Newman in his late prime heads a memorable ensemble cast of prison characters including Harry Dean Stanton, Anthony Zerbe and noteably George Kennedy in his Oscar winning role as dragline. A battle of wills ensues with Luke versus all comers: prisoners, camp guards, tracking dogs, visiting family, God and finally the camp captain played by Strother Martin. While scenes of the egg contest and the girl washing a car are now movie icon, it's the less lauded scenes for me that grab you and keep you. If Luke talking to his dying mother in the back of a pickup truck or getting the help of two kids to cut his leg chain during an escape isn't Oscar material - What is? The music is sparse like the scenery and often provided by the Banjo picking of the convicts themselves. Any roads I first saw this on UK TV in the early seventies in its first showing - in glorious black and white. You lucky sods now get to see it in colour on DVD.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I am an angry bird fanatic! Love all three games. Moved to sd card. Games run great &amp; smooth on droid x. Fun for hours!
B005GRWQEU|5.0|Both CD's are filled with superb music.  I have been a long time fan of Barbra and immediately purchased this set the day it came out.  \\"The Windmills of Your Mind\\" on disc 1 is fabulous.  I can't listen to that song enough!  And the duet with Neil Diamond of \\"You Don't Bring Me Flowers\\" is, in my opinion, worth buying the set for.  It's been a favorite of mine for years.  Yes, some people don't care for her.  I think (and pardon my blasphemy Ms Streisand) but I think it's like Miracle Whip.  Either you like it or you don't.  I like Barbra (I hate Miracle Whip, but that's beside the point).. She has a wonderful clear voice that just makes me happy!
0393338827|4.0|Once I started listening to this book (CD version), I could not read or listen to anything else until I was finished.  The suspense was killing me as I wanted to find out how the main characters fared in the end.<br /><br />Lewis made this story mainly about what it must feel like to see what nobody else sees, despite the fact that it should be visible to lots of people.  Steve Eisman, Dr. Michael Burry, Charlie Ledley, Greg Lippman, John Paulson and others spend time in a kind of twilight zone, waiting for vindication on their bets against subprime bonds.<br /><br />I keep wondering if the type of opportunity seized on by the independent-minded traders is once-in-a-lifetime or recurring due to human nature and the structure of society.  This book far exceeded my expectations.
B0000027I6|5.0|5/5. An outstanding concept album by the former Pink Floyd bassist Roger Waters. Full of powerful musical masterpieces and profound intelligent lyrics, the record is based on the idea of a monkey switching channels on a television and exploring important political and social themes, including critique of the first Gulf War, President Bush, Tiannanmen Square and collapse of progressive possibilities. Waters, who is at his cynical best, delivers a prophetic and mind-expanding statement on the scary direction civilization is heading. With songs that are delivered in grave and slightly strained voice, complemented with backing vocals and a voice speaking in the background, Waters paints the picture of the decrepit state of the contemporary society, social ills and worldly despair. The key themes throughout the album are blurred distinctions and human relationships getting increasingly worth only as economic transactions (\\"Perfect Sense\\"), the scary fact that we are living at a time and in a culture where things only matter if they are on TV and the Internet, and social influence of mass media and television which blend news, propaganda, reality and fiction into an opium cocktail that alters our perceptions of the reality, dulls our senses and contributes to the hedonistic culture of entertainment and consumption with utter disregard to the consequences of our actions on the environment and the planet. Water also goes into the idea of organized religion and how world religions have used god's name to justify their actions (\\"god wants voodoo - god wants shrines - god wants law - god wants organized crime - god wants crusade - god wants jihad - god wants good - god wants bad\\" in \\"What God wants\\"). Although not all tracks strike their targets so cleanly and musically some are completely disposable (\\"Perfect Sense Part II\\", \\"What God Wants Part IV\\", \\"Too Much Rope\\"), this is still a very consistent record of an unusual depth. Arrangements and production perfectly fit the theme of the album and the cast of musicians features The Who keyboardist John Bundrick, soul singer P.P.Arnold and Jeff Beck contributing exceptionally beautiful and stirring guitar solos on \\"The Ballad Of Bill Hubbard\\", \\"What God Wants\\", \\"Watching TV\\", \\"Three Wishes\\", \\"It's A Miracle\\" and title track \\"Amused to Death\\". And of course, an album of serious social commentary could not have done without the Eagles singer/drummer Don Henley who contributes vocals with an American flavor to acoustic and emotionally disturbing track \\"Watching TV\\". Music comes in a variety of styles and uses sound effects resembling genuine Pink Floyd, Guns n'Roses of Use Your Illusion period and even Joe Cocker's Mad Dogs and Englishmen live album in both parts of \\"The Perfect Sense\\", where choruses of women sing the refrains, which is actually one of the few downsides on this album. The greatest song is undeniably \\"It's a Miracle\\" - a dark post-apocalyptic tune describing ways in which mass media world destroys cultural differences and diversities rather than enlightens them. All in all, \\"Amused to Death\\" is one of those brilliant masterpieces that go far beyond the boundaries of music and require listeners to put thought and actually pay attention. The record, which was relevant when it came out in 1992 and eventually seems even more so now when things have gone wrong, much wrong in every respect, definitely contains clear answers to many questions alien anthropologists may have digging through concrete ruins of the post-human earth. --Sain Alizada
B000YAA68C|5.0|I love the moviw P S I love you. I watch it many times over and over again. Its a great movie and will make you laugh and cry.Worth every cent to buy one. Have a great day
B003ZSJ212|1.0|take a note from Blade Runner and E.T.......give us the ORIGINALS along with your \\"i'm totally making them better by adding useless stuff with each release\\" versions.    I'm not going to harp on the \\"NOOOOOO\\" because others have mentioned how awful awful awful it is.    Ewoks blinking? You really thought that was necessary? the CGI looks weird and pulls you out of the movie. stop it george.
0439023521|4.0|Mel Gibson's third \\"Mad Max\\" movie threw the viewers into a post-apocalyptic gladiator duel and introduced the ominous cheer, \\"Two men enter, one man leaves!\\"  Suzanne Collins \\"The Hunger Games\\" takes that savage vision of the future one step further into deeper, darker territory.    Also set in a not-too-distant future, \\"The Hunger Games\\" takes place in a world recovering from civil war.  The victors, whose Capitol lies in the Rocky Mountains, keep the losing survivors under their thumb through a wicked combination of rigid economic controls, borderline starvation, and the Hunger Games.  The victors, flush with the spoils of war and living off the labors of the defeated, are a jaded bunch.  Their biggest thrill comes from watching a televised \\"most dangerous game\\" tournament where 24 \\"tributes,\\" two teenagers from each of 12 districts of the defeated, fight to the death.  The Hunger Games, like The Long Walk, are a national obsession - like our \\"Survivor\\" on V (for the \\"True Blood\\" fans out there).    District 12's female tribute is Katniss Everdeen.  A lithe hunter but far from a juggernaut, Katniss has volunteered to save her family.  Once into the Games, Katniss is subjected to the tortures (both intentional and unintentional) of the Games.  For victory in the Games is not dependent solely upon your ability to survive, but also to win over the crowd as the viewers can participate in the Games by \\"sponsoring\\" contestants with vital gifts - from parcels of food and water to medicine and weapons.    For, as Katniss realizes as she fights for her life, the Games are not about her - they are about the viewers.    \\"The Hunger Games\\" is a book for our times.  It serves as a much-needed, powerful indictment of our culture of celebrity and voyeurship.  Given its dark plot, Collins has left the violence largely to the reader's imagination - despite some cruel moments, this is not a gruesome book that should be kept in the dark reaches of the bookstore.  Much darker than the \\"Percy Jackson\\" series, I grant you, but if you've got a kid who made it through \\"The Deathly Hallows\\" without nightmares, they'll do just fine with \\"The Hunger Games.\\"
160788657X|4.0|I hadn't read any of the prior Camel Club books but that didn't lessen my enjoyment of this audio.<br /><br />Former assassin, Oliver Stone, and MI-6 agent Mary Chapman are dissecting clues to try to find out why a bomb was detonated in Lafayette Park, also known as Hell's Corner.  They begin to work with the FBI as they investigate the four people who were in the park at the same time as Oliver, when the bomb exploded.  The second and third discs are full of minutia on the bomb evidence, bomb sniffing dogs, and conjecture of why, what and how.  Those details are interesting even if it seems the story is going very slow. It is worth getting past those discs because the puzzle picks up with twists and action.<br /><br />They follow lead after lead that run to dead ends or worse result in more deaths, but no answers.  As the search goes on they learn that evidence is being withheld by other security arms of the government. So they don't know whom they can trust and they don't know which evidence is real or has been set up as a red herring. It all shows a lot of detailed planning so they are sure they must figure out what is at stake before more deaths.  Initially Oliver rejects the help of his Camel Club friends but, when they persist, he realizes he can use their individual skills.<br /><br />They finally figure out why the bomb occurred and who set it up.  Then the chase begins with the traitor using Stone's own history and techniques to lead him on a merry chase.  Members of the Camel club are kidnapped and the whole crew is trapped with plans to entomb them and frame them as the terrorists. But the surprises aren't finished until the very end!<br /><br />I like the added sound effects.  If you like Baldacci, you won't want to miss this twisting thriller. My DH listened to the whole book too.
B004LWZW4C|1.0|I bought this as a reserve. obviously someone handled it, possibly copied it and re-sealed it. the disc was not seated properly upon opening. should have bought it a walmart because now i have to deal with amazon. it was so marred by actual fingerprints and grease that the player couldn't even read it.
B001HN6922|5.0|My son is 2 1/2 years old and loved both Cars and Cars 2. The naysayers, while entitled to their opinions, should probably have gone to the movies with a more light-hearted attitude. While my son did get up halfway through for a potty break, he thoroughly enjoyed this movie to the point that he has seen it four times. Granted, I would not have paid for him to see it four times, as I had movie passes from Toys 'R Us, but I definitely would have paid to take him more than once.     I agree with some of the warnings -- the crushing or exploding of some \\"good guys\\" and the lack of character development (I would have liked to know a little more about the other race cars that every toy store is selling in abundance). I do not agree, however, with those individuals who said it was boring or a flop. It is a spoof of Bond movies, with a perspective that kids can enjoy. I would recommend giving it a chance, especially if you have a child that loves all Disney films like my child.
B0050PYNN0|2.0|Like me, the creative team behind Your Highness has fond (if not proud) memories of such fantasy flicks as \\"The Beastmaster\\" and \\"Conan the Barbarian.\\" These movies spoke like no others to boys in their early teens -- heroes solved problems by hacking off limbs, sidekicks were clever and supportive, and you could always rely on a girl or two to drop her leathers. These were simple movies for simple boys.    With \\"Your Highness,\\" director David Gordon Green (\\"Pineapple Express\\") has created either an action-packed fantasy-comedy or a comedic fantasy-action flick; the movie can't really make up its mind. The basic plot is pure fantasy: an evil wizard Leezar (Justin Theroux) steals the virginal bride Belladonna (Zooey Deschanel) from the heroic Prince Fabious (James Franco), and so Fabious must win her back against impossible odds. Along the way, he joins forces with the mysterious Isabel (recent Oscar winner Natalie Portman), a sword master with unclear motives.     The special effects and actors are light-years ahead of the movie's '80s-era progeny. If \\"Your Highness\\" had stopped there, it could have been an exciting, bloody good time (if a bit silly). Instead, the story revolves around Danny McBride's Prince Thadeous, the second-born wastrel son whose Falstaffian excesses cannot erase his shame of falling short of his elder brother. Forced to accompany Fabious on his quest, Thadeous never squanders an opportunity to make a fool out of himself, whether through bombastic speeches or terrified curses. Unfortunately, Thadeous almost seems to be in a different movie.     Still, Your Highness has its merits. McBride can make you bust a gut by raising an eyebrow and the movie has a lot of fun with the inherent silliness of the non-Tolkien fantasy genre. The actions scenes, particularly when a lesser wizard creates a five-headed Hydra in an Amazonian Thunderdome, bring the goods, and 12-year-old boys will award bonus points for the bevy of topless Amazons. But the movie's generally unrelentingly crude humor wears out its welcome; a phallic Minotaur trophy should be used sparingly, if at all, and the \\"you must suck the venom from the wound!\\" joke is just tired.     Mel Brooks once said that his movies rise below vulgarity. \\"Your Highness\\" falls disappointingly below Brooks' standard.     DVD extras include an extended unrated version, feature commentary, an enjoyable making of feature, a gag reel and alternate/deleted scenes.  Review originally posted on MyDVDInsider.com.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|It's no wonder an X Factor judge said he was \\"sick of Adele\\".  All the contestants do covers of her songs, because the songs are imminently sing-able, with wonderful lyrics and phrasing.  Adele is a little of everything:  country, alternative, blues, even a little \\"go-gos\\" (think: Rumor has it).  A very listenable and lovely album!
0345509617|5.0|This book is just plain fun. It makes a great coffee table book. Wonderful pictures and some of them are pics of deleated scenes that are to be Inculded In the new blu ray discs about to launch. Great book starwars fans Its a must pic up. Four stars!
B004MDXMS8|4.0|The case was creepy. It tied back in to the Cortexifan trials w/heart-rending results. We get an important and scary look into the future.
B00005K2UF|5.0|Excellent album, LOVE Them!
B000PKG7I4|4.0|I like Frank!  Amy was one of a kind; spirited, soulful, sad, and sassy!  She'll be missed.  Love how her vocals can really touch a chord in you.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|This set should be what all blu ray sets should be. Picture , sound , music , effects and extras are perfect! If you dont own It yet buy it! The Extras alone will take you days to go through. These films have finaly got the treatment they need. Four big stars for this set. It Is the ultimate blu ray anthology!
0060751967|4.0|I thought this was a very good book. It is the first book in the Love at Stake series. The thing about the L a S series, is that there is always a sense of family in all of them, which is something that you experience in very few series. I may be a little bias to paranormal romance, because I've yet to find a series that I absolutely hate. I really enjoyed this book.
B0000E1WKE|5.0|Love her (RIP), her voice so beautiful.
B0039V8NJC|4.0|Changez is the best Pakistan has to offer the world, brilliant, handsome, ambitious. Nothing can go wrong for him; he sprints through Princeton, best in his class, and easily obtains the best job in New York City and a beautiful American girlfriend.<br /><br />And then 9/11 happens and everything does go wrong.<br /><br />It's the way this story is written that is so wonderful. The Reluctant Fundamentalist is written with Changez speaking directly to an unidentified American in Pakistan, a conversation, a dialogue really, that extends the entire length of the book. It felt like Changez was talking directly to me, the reader, confiding in me the animosities, the hurts, the frustrations of those who grow up outside America's borders.<br /><br />Changez reveals the differences between himself, the outsider, and Americans. He tells us he has come to \\"savor the denial of gratification.\\" He is irritated with Americans and the \\"ease with which they spent money\\", their \\"self-righteousness\\". He admires his own ability to function both \\"respectfully and with self-respect,\\" something he sees Americans as unable to do. He resents Americans, who did not even exist as a people while his ancestors were building a rich civilization.<br /><br />And what an ending. It's been a long time since I read a book with such a powerful and satisfying ending.
B003CH9PZ4|5.0|The quality of the video is high, very clear, no freezing, or glitches.  Highly recommend the speed of viewing capability whenever I miss an episode.
1599218011|2.0|As a 2-year vegan/vegetarian, I was looking for a book mainly as a refresher.  I would recommend against this book!  I wish I had looked beyond the back cover, as it led me to believe I would love this book.  I thought it was going to be more like Alicia Silverstone's \\"The Kind Diet\\" (my favorite!); live and eat healthy (vegetables, fruit, grains, beans, etc.), no counting or configuring, be aware of how you feel, and care for yourself and the world around you.  Instead, this book was a feast of science-based eating, fasting, juicing, and the dreaded \\"cleanse\\", all things I do not subscribe to.  After all the research I have done, I truly believe that fasting and heavy juicing is not healthy for you. Honestly, this book may work for some people, but I just don't think it's realistic for most.  I will definitely be sticking with \\"The Kind Diet\\"!
B0055SWM08|5.0|A very enjoyable puzzle game. I wish it wasn't quite as slow when I get a new text message though.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|As a product of the 80s, I found this book tons of fun. Loved all of nostalgia and pop culture references from that decade. It's quite geeky too, which added to its charm. I'm not a gamer and never have been, so the parts that focused on those details were a bit slow for me, but overall I thought it was great. Upon finishing, I was left with an overwhelming desire to play Pac Man and watch \\"War Games.\\"
0060853972|5.0|Having never read either of the authors before, I didn't know what to expect. I loved this book! I couldn't put it down in the two days it took to read. The book centers on the impending conflict between Heaven and Hell and the hijinks that ensue when the careful plans of celestial entities are dashed to pieces by happenstance. Hilarious situations and witty characters drive this plot which will keep you guessing on the outcome until the very end.
B000O176Q6|5.0|The quality was very good the movie is a classic. I have yet to recive a bad DVD purchased through Amazon
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This bag is well made and can hold quite a bit of equipment. Of all the bags I looked at in stores this bag takes the cake. It is very similar to the Canon backpack bag. I chose this bag because it is simple and unnoticeable and wasn't screaming \\"STEAL ME, I AM FULL OF CAMERA EQUIPMENT!\\". The Canon bag has a large logo on it and is quite obvious.
B0055DNH0C|5.0|Pit's Album has great tunes to dance to... def he has bring it to make sure everyone in the clubs can have a good time
B005KAH7QU|3.0|This movie makes you want Hanna to meet her father and accomplish her mission!  She learns about the world ways after being sheltered.  She even makes a friend with the tourist family daughter.I would have like to known if the tourist family got killed or not.You have to assume the worst.The ending could have been better!
B004NCOQCE|5.0|There really are too many gems on this CD to miss if you're a Hendrix fan. I've been a fan of his for years now and can say that this along with \\"Band of Gypsys\\" are my two favorite releases under his name.     Many of the instrumentals on here are beautiful--\\"Little Wing\\" (which is really Angel), \\"South Saturn Delta\\", \\"Pali Gap\\", \\"Midnight\\" are all wonderful, great hendrix riffing and soloing. South Saturn Delta in particular is very experimental and stimulating.     If you like Hendrix, you'll like this stuff. There's really little else for me to say.     This to me is the sound of American freedom. Rock on!
B004LWZW4C|5.0|First off I think it has been said how great this movie is. I loved every minute of it and it did well as a reboot/prequel. On to another note I see some folks are having and I did also is the issues with Sony players and specifically the PS3. It will freeze throughout the film and gets progressively worse I do know if its because its a new movie or the firmware is out of date I know my PS3 is up to date. But to fix the issues with skipping all you need to do is disable your internet connection completely under settings I did this and it worked perfectly through the rest of the movie before I did this it skipped every 1-2 mins for maybe 3-4 secs it was annoying.
0316017922|5.0|I believe the book was excellent, and provided a unique insight has to how little things multiply to create signifcant happenings when the collective source of them are pooled together. I would recommend the book to my friends.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Fantastic with all the free translations.  Easy to search for books, words or phrases.  A must have for every bible reader.
B004XWMXW4|4.0|[[ASIN:B0050R27BS 2 Cellos]]    Although the content is exciting, if I hadn't seen them playing on u-Tube I think it would not be quite as engaging.    BUT Having seen them play on u-Tube, I can visualise their performance - their dynamic and passionate delivery is part of their appeal.    The song arrangements are fascinating and I am in awe of their pure talent that captures so much of the atmosphere of these popular songs on just the two instruments.    I recommend watching on u-Tube before purchasing.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The changes Lucas made to these classic films are a shame.  It's like Lucas gave birth to beautiful baby, but refuses to take it outside unless its wearing an Ed Hardy t-shirt with affliction underwear on.
6302212529|5.0|I received this in perfect working order.  No damage to case or movie.  My kids love watching this movie! I chose VHS because our playroom has VHS player and I am just old fashioned like that.
B005BZQS1E|1.0|I was hoping for a stupid funny comedy along the lines of The Hangover, Airplane, Spaceballs or something like that. It's clear the makers were aiming for that and boy did they get the stupid part right totally leaving out the funny. Only made it half-way through before giving up.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|This is one of the best series every!  So glad it was at a price I couldn't refuse!  And BTW, I love the sexy pink velvet.  some people were complianing about the packaging (scratches etc) but I take a little care and so far so good.  Love this set!!
B003UESJFG|5.0|My kids love Megamind!  They want to watch it over and over.  Very entertaining.  I like that the villain in this movie learns compassion and kindness towards the end.
B004LWZVZC|5.0|This was a well put together movie.  I enjoyed it so much. I felt the facts were well presented. If you are interested in what government was like after the Civil War, this is the movie for you. Robert Redford did a really good job on this one. I would definitely recommend this DVD.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I'll keep it short.  Just had to include my vote for how bad this movie has been ruined by George Lucas.  Half of the changes from the original version just do not make sense.  The changes do not necessarily blend in well either.  Hopefully Lucas will someday release the original non-special edition version on Blu-ray someday.  Until then, I'll be skipping on this set.
142311339X|5.0|I'm fifty one years old and I loved the Percy Jackson series. I read them all, now I remind you I'm a lot older than most who have read the series I'm sure, but it for me to finish 5 books of any kind and then move onto the next series, is a feat in and of itself. I love greek, eygptian, norse and roman mythology. What makes this series so much fun for me is that it brings me to a place of imagination. I have even told my friends about the series. One friend is actually reading it with her children who are loving the time spent each night with their reading...I would and do recommend this for children of all ages. Reminds me of Clash of the Titans from when I grew up.
B000002O4X|5.0|This was such a wonderful soundtrack from a beautiful movie.  A fabulous CD for a commuter.  Very satisfied with it and would highly recommend.
B00518HBD0|5.0|Arrived quickly, in good shape.  Love the CD, great group.  Reasonable prices for music at Amazon always, and shipment is expedient.
B0001GOH6Q|3.0|I watched the previews for this movie while watching another one.  Previews were absolutely terrific and appeared to be something I would watch on more than one occasion. In all fairness, I did not watch the entire movie b/c it couldn't seem to take off and halfway through I stopped watching. I was disappointed but will give it another chance.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I was very pleased with this sharpener.  It's small and easily fits in your pocket and gets knives razor sharp in no time.  I used it on one of my chef's knives and how you can shave with it.  Awesome little product.
B0058VW36U|1.0|Fails every time I try to download the app!!!!!!! Completely sucks that it doesn't want to ever work! Don't know what to do to make it work!
B005IU1OMA|5.0|This film got a lot of people excited ahead of its release just looking at its trailers, and it meets those high expectations. There are a few nods to traditional documentary film-making here and there (a few voiceovers, a few shots of the crew goofing around on bad weather days), but the main focus is on amazingly skillful snowboarding in settings that are mostly stunning. The level of skill on display at every level is breathtaking: the snowboarders, trail builders, pilots, camera crew, editors, and sound people have made a thing of beauty.<br /><br />I watched this movie with my two young boys, and their reactions to both the landscape and the snowboarding were loud and hilarious. So many exclamations of \\"WOW!\\" (You'd better not mind a few people swearing if you plan to watch with your kids, mind you.)<br /><br />I could go on, but here's the bottom line: even if you don't care about snowboarding or the mountains, this movie is a visual and aural feast of rare quality that will not fail to impress you.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|chillin bag for real, I thought it was going to be bigger and bulkier but when I first opened the box I was so happy with its size, and the room inside is perfect for all my gear, love it.
B0026IBXBO|3.0|A gripping enough read but, come on, it's just fantasy.<br /><br />For Mr Brown to question the accuracy of the Bible based on a painting an artist did years later of a scene described in the Bible is just silly and nonsensical. But for people to think this now re-writes the Bible is just plain stupid.  Even though I may haves seen a fictional TV show called Star Trek it does not mean there is a Star Ship Enteprise out there fighting Klingons. Same with this book. It's a work of fiction.<br /><br />I would highly recommend that if people insist on believing something about God and the Bible, they actually take the time to read the Bible itself rather than going with this guy's odd teachings.  He's a fiction author - he makes up stories to entertain and make money - that's what he does and his approach is obivously very popular. But he's not a Bible teacher and definitely is not someone who's opinion should be trusted when it comes to matters of your life and death, heaven and hell, salvation and eternity.  Really.  If you are wanting to learn about that then I strongly suggest you go to the source material - inspired by the One who actually does know.
0061900656|5.0|We are about a week out from baby #2 and started reading this to our 3.5 year old and he is starting to understand his role and baby's.  Great Starter.
B005JE7WKI|5.0|Very funny and well done, better than what you would think. It actually has a pretty good story-line and you can't help but like the three main characters.
B00579EL18|5.0|Absolutely agree with the previous reviewer.A legendary cast and performance from Metropolitan.Still waiting for another Corelli-Herlea release(I Pagliacci-march1964,I believe)  Highly recommended!
0345522478|5.0|To make this short and sweet, this guy is somewhat similar to Jim Butcher (Dresden files is one of my all time favorite series) in content and style, but, a MUCH MUCH better writer. This series is extremely enjoyable and easy to read. I just cannot say enough as to the level of continuity and flow, best I've read in a really really long time. I highly recommend all 3.
B00005JO9J|5.0|Awesome awesome awesome!  I love Grey's Anatomy so much! So captivating!  These DVDs arrived in no time,  and were practically in mint condition.  (Yay!)
B004YXE438|5.0|It is a very good puzzle game, I like making puzzles out of my own picture gallery. Def 5 stars
B003BV8I3Q|1.0|DON'T EVER BUY THE $2.99 DVD OF 'MALCOLM X' IT CONTAINS ONLY THE FIRST 97 MINUTES OF THE 201-MINUTE LONG FILM I'M ASHAMED AT YOU AMAZON.COM FOR DOING THIS,YOUR LUCKY  I'M GIVING YOU ANOTHER CHANCE,PUT THOSE DVDS OF THE MARKET IT RUINS THE VIEWING EXPERINCE,SPIKE LEE SHOULD BE MAD AT YOU FOR THIS AND SO SHOULD WARNER BROS. FOR AGREEING TO SELL THESE DVDS,I'M NOT ASKING FOR A REFUND IN FACT I KEEPING THE DVD  AS A LESSON TO AVOID BUYING $2.99 DVDS OF 200-PLUS MINUTE MOVIES,I'M ALSO ASHAMED AT  WARNER BROS. FOR BEING ABLE TO PUT 'THE RIGHT STUFF' (A 193 MINUTE-FILM) ON ONE DISC  NO PUTTING IT ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DISC OR ON ANOTHER DISC YET NOT ABLE TO THE WHOLE 'MALCOLM X' ON ONE DISC.
0062060554|4.0|What if you could not form new memories. This is a topic that has been dealt with in the scientific community and in books, based on real-life instances of people who suffered from this awful condition. This topic has been covered in movies also, most memorably in [[ASIN:0571210473 Memento & Following]], and recently in India in the Hindi movie starring Aamir Khan, [[ASIN:B001TLWRBO Ghajini]].<br /><br />This book, by debutant novelist SJ Watson, covers familiar territory, but with a twist. Christine wakes-up in the middle of the night, in an unfamiliar house, in a stranger's bed, to a face in the mirror she does not recognize. She is forty-seven years old, and she cannot remember the past twenty  years of her life. The twist in the tale is that she can remember what happens to her during the day, but as she sleeps, her newly formed memories drift away. She keeps a diary to jot down what she experiences each day. That diary provides her with a semblance of sanity, but also throws up a chilling warning that she doesn't know how to handle. Her husband takes care of her, but is he hiding things from her? Or is he simply trying to be gentle by not telling her things that would only cause more heartbreak, only for her to forget the next day. There is a doctor who is trying to help, but is he? What about her college friend, her best friend, but has now moved to New Zealand. Or has she? Are people hiding things from her, or is she being paranoid, insecure because of her condition?<br /><br />This is a fast-paced, well-written story, with an ending that will most likely cause your hair to stand on end. Some may figure it out before the climax, some may not. There are some holes in the story and plot that are best left unpondered. Like the length of the diary that would seem to grow to the point it would take Christine all day to go over it, given the details she jots down into. A little adult content that seems a bit gratuitous. It is nonetheless a fascinating read.<br /><br />  \\"The face I see looking back at me is not my own. The hair has no volume and is cut much shorter than I wear it, the skin on the cheeks and under the chin sags, the lips are thin, the mouth turned down. I cry out, a wordless gasp that would turn into a shriek of shock were I to let it, and then notice the eyes. The skin around them is lined, yes, but despite everything else I can see that they are mine. The person in the mirror is me, but I am twenty years too old. Twenty-five. More.\\"looking back at me is not my own. The hair has no volume and is cut much shorter than I wear it, the skin on the cheeks and under the chin sags, the lips are thin, the mouth turned down. I cry out, a wordless gasp that would turn into a shriek of shock were I to let it, and then notice the eyes. The skin around them is lined, yes, but despite everything else I can see that they are mine. The person in the mirror is me, but I am twenty years too old. Twenty-five. More.\\"
B0024RID6U|4.0|THE CD IS GOOD BUT I REALLY GOT IT FOR THE SONG HEAVEN WHICH I REALLY LIKE AND IS DIFFERENT FOR THE STONES.
1250004349|3.0|The interesting topic saves this novel from degenerating into a complete soap opera. The book was okay, but I was disappointed as I thought it would be better. The major events were quite predictable, and I sometimes found myself wishing I was finished with the book. I did not dislike the book. However, I was happy to have finished it, unlike some novels that you savor and wish would not end too quickly.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|I picked up this app to replace my Evo 4G's default keyboard and I have been very happy with it.  The app is good enough at predicting the next word. It takes getting used to the fact that the predicted word in green is inserted when you hit space and selecting a word from the recommendations inserts a space after it. However, once you get used to it, these are what makes typing with SwiftKey X so fast. (Also, note that it intelligently removes spaces for punctuation.)   What the default Evo 4G keyboard (Touch Type?) does better: * Size: Particularly with arrow keys enabled, the SwiftKey keyboard takes about 3/5ths of the screen. The Evo 4G's default keyboard is a bit more compact.  * Arrow keys by default: I think SwiftKey snaps to certain positions in a string of text, and making it hard to place the cursor where you want it. Fortunately the same arrow keys can be enabled within the SwiftKey menu.  * More text recommendations: SwiftKey offers three recommendations at a time. One is the text as you are typing and another two are predictions. The default Evo 4G keyboard offers a number based on the available space and will display a larger list with a push of button. However, I would say that the accuracy of SwiftKey predictions outweighs the number of predictions offered.  * Foreign characters: SwiftKey can be set to display foreign characters with a long press. With the Evo 4G keyboard, this is enabled by default and faster: long press a key and when the list of associated foreign keys is displayed, slide over to the one you want and release. With SwiftKey, if enabled, you long press and release then tap on the foreign character you want. As this slows down access to numbers and standard punctuation and special characters, you may want to leave it disabled unless you use foreign characters regularly.  * SwiftKey does not always disappear when it should. Rarely, the keyboard does not go away when it should. I am still trying to determine a pattern for a bug report.If you encounter this, hitting the enter key or &quot;Go&quot; key will make it disappear. Considering the infrequency, I would consider this a minor issue.   In summation, this is a great keyboard app and I would highly recommend it to someone looking to speed up their mobile typing speed or just reduce the number &quot;keystrokes&quot; while typing on their mobile device. This review was written using SwiftKey X.
B00005JNJV|5.0|I do believe that out of all of the Batman movies this is my favorite.  It definitely sets a good foundation for the numerous sequels.  Christian Bale gave an outstanding performance as Batman.  I highly recommend Batman Begins for all Batman lovers!
B002ZG98LO|5.0|People need to chill out. This movie is not Casablanca and isn't meant to be. It's two hours of fun and if you're not willing to suspend your disbelief and go with it, you're gonna hate it. But if you relax, accept the premise, and just enjoy the brilliantly played out suspense, you will love this film.
B002VECM6S|5.0|I loved this movie.  Based on a real life true story it depicts the love offered freely by a mom given to a teen in need.  Truly inspiring.  Sandra Bullock was excellent in this.  I highly recommend this movie.
B004JN1D2I|5.0|I don't think I have read a series like this in such a long time.  I just can't put it down.  I love how the chapters follow the characters from the first person, and how even for the bad characters, Martin is able to instill a sense of empathy.
B00004XMV6|4.0|I enjoyed 9 1/2 Weeks.  I found it to be very sexy and quite erotic.  The kitchen scene was delightfully yummy!  The chemistry between Mickey Rourke and Kim Basinger was absolutely steamy.  A very good and spicy couples movie.
B004LL1HM4|3.0|remininscent style of Crosby Stills and Nash.  But the lyrics by Fleet Foxes are a little like a...conversation.  Not a bad album, just not a favorite.  Its \\"OK\\"
B000RJO578|4.0|A very enjoyable fast paced film.  Lots of action and violence but humorous at the same time. I loved the dialogue and all of the characters.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is my most used app. I love the devotionals as well. The only way to make it better for me is if it was directly on my phone and not on the internet.
B002N8A14M|4.0|Nice<br />This is a nice durable, sturdy setup, very comfortable on my arm. The plastic holder for the nano has a belt clip holder that's firm and solid. The nano fits firmly and securely inside the case.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Nice wide elastic armband.<br />Great velcro contact.<br />Durable plastic case.<br /><br />Con:<br />The plastic case is a little longer then the nano which makes it hard for me to use the hold switch. People with smaller fingers might not have this issue.<br /><br />I'm very satisfied with this. For the price you just can't beat this.
B002JTHFV2|5.0|2-Disc CD with well done versions and songs new to me. Book(let) informative with beautiful photos. A souvenir. Good buy.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|If you grew up in the eighties playing video games, watching cult films, and listening to groups like Def Leopard, Rush, and Pink Floyd then this book will really take you back to those better times. If you didnt grow up in the eighties then this might give you an idea of what you missed out on. Great book.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|What a great price (<$15) for a very entertaining season (1). I did not expect to really like this but the script and acting are done well. It can really suck you into the plot. The Scifi is there, of course, you get to know the characters very quickly, and the \\"whats next\\" suspense is there at every scene along with many cliff hangers and unanswered questions.  I look forward to season 2.
0439813786|5.0|I really loved this book and when my friend told me that it was the...<br /><br />Oops!  Spolier alert!!!!!<br /><br />When my friend told me that the little robotic man was writing the whole story, I was actually kind of surprised.  Well, I guess it would make sense that the man was writing the story because Hugo made him work, right?  But, we never get to find out what happens to Hugo and the old man!<br /><br />End of spoiler!!!!!<br /><br />The page-turning sort of tired me out at first but, once you get into a sort of rhythm, the story and the pictures seemed to go along more quickly for me and the pictures were really nice and pleasant to look at.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|Not exactly the classic YES however damn good. Prior to the release of Fly From Here I literally gave up on the so called \\"YES\\" (aka NO). I was mystified when the guys hired a \\"YOU TUBE\\" cover band singer named Benoit David to take the place of the beloved mystical Jon Anderson. My initial belief was that hiring Benoit was mean spirited given Jon's health problem at the time. It appeared imminent that YES was finished hense I refused to attend any concert by the makeshift \\"YES\\". (Until Jon's departure I hadn't missed a YES tour in over 30 years) I was unwilling to consider a YES future without the wonderful Jon. I was beyond skeptical when I first heard Chris and gang were working on a new YES album. My immediate thought was it would be similar to the other dreaded Squire driven \\"Open Your Eyes\\"... YES fans certainly did not need an Open Your Eyes Pt. 2!!!! (I don't think many folks would disagree that Open Your Eyes was the worst YES album aside from perhaps Union, Talk and Tormato). As accomplished as Steve and Chris are at their respective instruments, they are not generally capable of writing a whole album of quality material on their own. Fortunately Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes stepped up to the plate and helped deliver the best YES album in 2 decades!!! Shockingly half of the songs that were brought into the Fly From Here project are 30 year old discarded Buggles songs originally intended for Adventures in Modern Recording!!! It's hard to believe that this incredible material may have never seen the light of day (other than from a remastered Buggles release). This is literally the best YES related project since ABWH and while Benoit does not have the mystical Jon Anderson voice he does an reasonably good job with this material. The album is a breath of fresh air especially after having to endure such mediocre 90s YES albums. While Fly From Here is not Close To The Edge, Fragile or Relayer it is definitely worth a serious listen. I have listened to it non stopsince it was released in early July. By far this is the best album of the year followed immediately by Jon Anderson's Survival and Other Stories which is also incredible.
B0051QO4QY|5.0|This is one of the best albums I have ever heard.  It's a big step up for Lady Gaga.  This album is great to listen to while chilling out.  It's even better for dancing.  I can't help but dance and sing along when listening to this album!  It is definately worth the money.
0691152640|4.0|\\"This Time Is Different\\" is the psychology of speculative bubbles. In this important book, of the same name, Ken Rogoff and Carmen Reinhart offer forth a thesis that debunks this reoccurring, blind faith in markets: \\"History repeats itself.\\"<br /><br />This highly lauded book is considered one of the most important to address the 2008 financial crisis, or \\"The Second Great Contraction\\" as Rogoff and Reinhart have coined it.<br /><br />\\"This Time Is Different\\" is unique from other books that have explored financial booms and busts.<br /><br />What sets this account apart from its finest predecessors is the scope of the data underlying its central findings. \\"Our aim here is to be expansive, systematic, and quantitative...earlier works take an essentially narrative approach, fortified by relatively sparse data,\\" argues Rogoff and Reinhart in the opening of their book.<br /><br />And they do present an impressive breadth of data; and alarmingly, their data indeed makes a strong argument that history does, and likely will continue to, repeat itself.<br /><br />Equally alarming is the lack of prescriptions the authors put forward to address the \\"The Second Great Contraction\\".<br /><br />At the time this book came out, the narrative that Reinhart and Rogoff use to explain what caused the crisis was well represented and certainly not unique to these authors:<br /><br />\\"...financial liberalization simultaneously facilitates banks' access to external credit and more risky lending practices at home. After a while, following a boom in lending and asset prices, weaknesses in bank balance sheets become manifest and problems in the banking sector begin.\\"<br /><br />Through the authors' recounting of history, we see this narrative- regarding the causes of crises- is a familiar pattern of economic activity across countries and time.<br /><br />The next part of the story is too, but it is the part of the story that in 2009 pundits were not, and to some degree still are not, recognizing could happen again, and to us:<br /><br />\\"The next phase of the crisis unfolds when the central bank begins to provide support for [failed banks] by extending credit to them.\\"<br /><br />\\"If the exchange rate is heavily managed,\\" which the US Dollar essentially is through the Fed's mandate to maintain stable prices, \\"...a policy inconsistency arises between supporting the exchange rate and acting as lender of last resort to troubled institutions...the exchange rate is subjugated to the role of the central bank as the lender of last resort...\\"<br /><br />\\"The depreciation or devaluation of the currency...exacerbates the problem of the banks that have borrowed in a foreign currency...\\" It \\"usually worsens inflation...and it increases the odds of external and domestic default if the government has foreign currency denominated debt.\\"<br /><br />In other words, the goal of stable prices and of correcting a banking crisis like \\"The Second Great Contraction\\" come in direct conflict. Throughout history, the result of this conflict has most typically been inflation followed by default on domestic or external debt, or some combination of the two. The type of default usually depending on the said country's history of default and their mix of debt.<br /><br />This time is decidedly not different. The cycles of boom and bust that Rogoff and Reinhart have painstakingly recorded in this book seem to be playing out yet again.<br /><br />History inevitably repeats itself, and for no reason I suppose other than because of humanity's desire to pretend it doesn't.<br /><br />The question after you read this book is not whether or not this time is different; the question is what do to solve the problems that arise when history inevitably does repeat itself. It seems to much to ask, based on human nature, to actually prevent these recurrences from ever happening.crisis unfolds when the central bank begins to provide support for [failed banks] by extending credit to them.\\"    \\"If the exchange rate is heavily managed,\\" which the US Dollar essentially is through the Fed's mandate to maintain stable prices, \\"...a policy inconsistency arises between supporting the exchange rate and acting as lender of last resort to troubled institutions...the exchange rate is subjugated to the role of the central bank as the lender of last resort...\\"    \\"The depreciation or devaluation of the currency...exacerbates the problem of the banks that have borrowed in a foreign currency...\\" It \\"usually worsens inflation...and it increases the odds of external and domestic default if the government has foreign currency denominated debt.\\"    In other words, the goal of stable prices and of correcting a banking crisis like \\"The Second Great Contraction\\" come in direct conflict. Throughout history, the result of this conflict has most typically been inflation followed by default on domestic or external debt, or some combination of the two. The type of default usually depending on the said country's history of default and their mix of debt.     This time is decidedly not different. The cycles of boom and bust that Rogoff and Reinhart have painstakingly recorded in this book seem to be playing out yet again.     History inevitably repeats itself, and for no reason I suppose other than because of humanity's desire to pretend it doesn't.     The question after you read this book is not whether or not this time is different; the question is what do to solve the problems that arise when history inevitably does repeat itself. It seems to much to ask, based on human nature, to actually prevent these recurrences from ever happening.
B000H6SXMY|1.0|The 1'st DVD doesn't play the pilot episode.  And the DVD starts skipping half way through.  The second DVD is the same.   Would NOT buy from this seller again.
B0058OUJA4|5.0|i wanted more hex defense... and quickly realized my skills are not what i thought they were :)  its a clone of hex defense but an incredibly good one, and blows the difficulty up to insane! great game. played on D2
B002SEW5WW|5.0|It has been sometime since I enjoyed every song in an album. Very rare indeed. But One Republic has indeed surprised me. They have improved greatly from their first album which I found average.    Many of the songs in this album are very layered in their composition. Portions of a melody would be slowly built up by different instruments, the tune would be carried in different directions. All in, a very enjoyable album. I like the direction One Republic is heading and I look forward to more quality music from them.
0307887960|5.0|Awesome! Great book and the diet works. Highly recommend buying this book. It will be worth every penny you spend.
0783240287|3.0|I love this movie and I've been thinking of purchasing it for a while.  I finally did and started watching it last night, but now I wish I had read a few more reviews for this edition.  The audio quality is terrible!  Half the time it is too quiet and you can't really understand what is being said without cranking the audio.  That was really sad.  A great movie, but you have to put up with adjusting the audio the whole movie.
B000002P5W|5.0|Although the word genius is heavily overused in describing musicians, there is zero doubt that Hendrix was one of the greatest musical geniuses of all time.  Up there with Mozart and Miles Davis.  One listen to Axis: Bold As Love confirms that.  Not an easy listen, certainly less immediately accessible than it's predecessor Are You Experienced (which is merely one of the top 10 rock albums of all time), but patience will be amply rewarded.  This is much more of a studio album than its predecessor (the revolution sparked by Sgt. Pepper was in full swing), so The Experience rarely performed these songs in concert.  I think this is an album that Hendrix wanted to make more than AYE.  The explosive commercial success of that first album gave him more creative control and he does things with the guitar here, on epics like If 6 Was 9, that nobody else had even thought of to that point. It was a stunning display of what the electric guitar is capable of.  But this would not be a legendary album if it were not for another collection of excellent songs.  Overtly less pop oriented than AYE, Hendrix still delivers some of his most achingly beautiful tunes ever, such as Little Wing and Castles Made Of Sand.  A couple of beefs: There are some backing vocals on a couple of tracks (I think by Mitch Mitchell) that are so bad that they threaten to ruin the songs (most notably on Wait Until Tomorrow).  They don't - the songs are too good for that - but it would have been nice if someone in the studio had told this dude that he can't sing.  And why was Little Wing cut short at 2:27?  The fade out starts just as Jimi starts soloing and you're made to feel like you had two bites of filet mignon and someone snatched the plate away.  What's there is gorgeous but, as Derek and the Dominos and Stevie Ray Vaughan demonstrated with their fabulous covers, this song was meant to be stretched out.  (Ironically the opposite of so many rock/pop songs today that drag on for over 5:00 minutes and should have been at least two minutes shorter).  Given the overall quality of the songs and the performances, these are relatively minor complaints.  It is still a masterpiece that any serious fan of rock music must own.
B004R96TN2|3.0|I was disappointed with the deck as soon as I opened it. The artwork seemed hodge-podged, and they were difficult to match with the meanings provided in the book. Once I focused on the cards themselves rather than the book definitions, the artwork grew on me and provides more than fairly accurate readings. Though it took a while to appreciate (for me, anyway) I am happy with the purchase.
B0053ZOQMK|1.0|I wish I had read the reviews.  Just a bad, boring script.  Turned it off within 20 minutes.  Tried later and still turned it off.
B00003CX9Q|5.0|I bought this DVD when it came out at walmart at the time i didnt like widescreen so some of the dvds i own are in full screen that is until i got my fist hd tv and then every movie had to be in widescreen. So at the time of buying this classic movie I got it on full screen. Thinking that it was just the 2002 version, it was when i got home i noticed the 1982 version with out all the computer stuff added in was also in this set. after getting the movie i had only seen the 2002 version in full screen. Then i watched and noticed the 1982 version was in widescreen which is good but now after having a hd tv for some time i want the 2002 version in widescreen now. so i will re buy this in widescreen
B001MYIXAC|1.0|I love this movie but the copy Source Media Group sent me has the subtitles that were used on the first printing of the DVDs, NOT the original theatrical subtitles. The initial subtitles are more clear in many ways.<br /><br />I'm disappointed.
B004LWZW4C|1.0|Similar to reports for Samsumg BD players, the X-Men First Class Blu-Ray disc does not play in my Sony BDP-S360 BD player.  Yes, I updated the firmware and two brand new copies will still not play.  If your copy will not play do not bother to do a return and replace.  Very dissapointing.
B001HIJYR4|4.0|This product was received on timely basis and it also was received as promised for the quality  it stated prior to ordering.    Frank Joseph
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|If you hate inspiring true stories, wholesome family values, and God, you probably will hate this movie too.  However, if you like those things, buy it, don't rent it, because YOU WILL WANT TO OWN THIS MOVIE!  I rented it first to make sure I would like it instead of just buying it.  And I didn't want to ever take it back to redbox because I loved it sooo much!
184448551X|5.0|Amazon provides a  great selection of needlework books of all types.  BLACKWORK is an excellent book describing a needlework art that is, hopefully, experiencing  a revival.  The book was shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition.  Thanks for such good service.
B005BGBPBG|2.0|Movie was rarely funny and barely worth the time we invested in it.  I think Kate Hudson phoned this one in.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|One of the best most recent books that I have read. Eerily silimar to Jaycee Dugard's memoir, based on her captivity by a crazed sex fiend! What does make it even more interesting is the vantage point of the book, told entirely by the most innocent victim of all, the five year old son.
B004HO6I4W|1.0|First this is a review on the blu-ray product, not the movie. (The movie is awesome btw, my kids love it!)  There is an issue between this blu-ray disc and the PS3. (However in my research it seems systemic to Sony and Samsung players, but I can only validate for the PS3... and YES, I have all the latest firmware updates). The issue is the movie skips periodically through out the entire movie. Interestingly the fix is to disable the internet on the PS3. Under system settings -> Network Settings, select \\"Internet\\" and select \\"Disable\\". Among all of my blu-ray discs, this is the only one I've had this problem with. Either the manufactures haven't caught up to new blu-ray software, or this is a bad batch and FOX needs to recall it. I have contacted FOX and complained about the problem, here is the number for anyone else wanting to complain: Call (877)369-7867 to report the problem. I'm going to wait a few weeks and see if a firmware update materializes, otherwise I'll return this for a refund.  UPDATE 9/23/2011:  A new system update came in for the PS3 (3.72). I applied the update, however it did not fix this problem. Very disappointed. We've decided to keep the movie anyway, but it would be nice to not have to turn off the internet connection every time the movie is played.  Also beware; Fox has spread the problem, X-Men: First Class has the same exact issue.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|does exactly what it says, quickly and easily. the developer answers almost immediately to email questions/requests, and after last update I see that the interface/looks has been polished a lot.  Great work!
B004RZGUBM|5.0|There are definitely other good Dickens works collections for the Kindle. For example, I had bought the excellent collection from MobileReference before my Kindle even arrived. Where this Delphi collection excels, however, is in its completeness and in its somewhat more pleasing formatting (use of fonts and white space). The illustrations in this particular collection are a bonus, too. Another nice touch is the inclusion of photographs of places Dickens lived at different times during his life, photos of the covers of first editions and the serials in which the novels were first published, etc. I also like the brief introduction to each novel (it helps me decide whether I'm interested in reading some of the more obscure novels I've never read). These nice touches almost make this ebook take on the character of a handheld Dickens museum, in addition to a comprehensive collection of his works. Dickens is my favorite author, so I decided this wonderful collection was a \\"must have,\\" especially at $2.99! I've since bought Delphi collections for a few of my other favorite authors. I highly recommend them.<br /><br />It's also worth mentioning that Delphi has excellent customer service, if you contact them. One of the collections I bought recently had some minor formatting issues, and they sent me a corrected file by e-mail within about two or three days. I was very impressed and hope Delphi will be around to serve Kindle classics lovers for a long, long time.
B005KAH7QU|5.0|Hannah to me is another reason why European action films especially out of France are the best. This was so in the vein of Luc Besson who is behind Leon the Professional and Taken. It has great moments of pulse pounding excitement with an emotional and dramatic and visual storytelling. Hannah is the story of a not so ordinary girl who when the movie begins is isolated and has much bewildered wonder of the world outside her forest. The cast is top notch and film style very striking. If you like action movies with heart and soul it is this film. The only down fall is if you expect this to be a full action movie you will be turned off at the middle of the movie but if you can get behind this coming of age story and you'll enjoy this film.
B004V6MWFU|5.0|I read he met the Ukelele and thought he could tame its cheerfulness. It is a tie. Love Eddie Vedder's voice and lyrics. Love the passionate happy/sad battle with instrument. Have had it on in my car for 4 months and counting...
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|This is a great way to keep and send proof of just about anything. I use it every month when I drop off the rent!
0451228375|2.0|I had to return this book because the writing, font, was too small. It was very hard to read even with glasses.
B0013AWZ7W|5.0|Dylan's conversion to raving fundamentalist Christianity shouldn't have come as a surprise to anybody who heard Dylan at Budokan or Street Legal.  That's because: a) Budokan is evidence that he'd lost it to the point that his songs no longer meant anything whatsoever to him, and b) Street Legal is a brilliant and powerful chronicle of a guy who's losing his grip. Songs like \\"Baby, Please Stop Crying,\\" \\"Journey Through Dark Heat,\\" and \\"We Better Talk This Over\\" continue the breakup narrative of Blood on the Tracks and Desire, taking it to a more desperate level (\\"I think we better talk this over, maybe when we both get sober...\\"). Songs like \\"Changing of the Guards,\\" \\"New Pony,\\" and \\"Senor,\\" on the other hand, appear to find him wandering a wasteland far more stark than the playful landscape of \\"Desolation Row,\\" grasping at symbols, crying \\"this place don't make sense to me no more....\\" Harrowing stuff, indeed.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|Fun movie.  Better than I thought.  I gave it 5 stars because it was fun to watch and it had nice character development!  It is no Oscar winner, but I don't think you should expect that from this genre. . .  Special effects were great and acting was good.  I saw it in the movie theater first and am anxiously waiting for this to arrive.
B000002KCF|5.0|I was introduced to the work of this artist while at the Loring Pasta Bar near the U of MN campus in Minneapolis.      Smooth, soft, fun jazz.      If you like Michael Buble, you will like this artist!
B005COO1X6|1.0|Under the Dome was an awesome, it was afast paced read and a real bang for the buck.  This book totally disappointed me.  It was way too short, and left me wondering why I purchased this.  I never liked King's early or \\"Classic\\"  works, and this book (although a good quick read) just left me... Bleh
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Why can't Lucas realize we don't want him screwing up this beautiful set of movies any more than he already has?!  Stop with the poor CGI!  Stop with the voiceovers, give us back good sound quality, and stop making this TACKY! We want the restored high-end release of the originals, not the poorly remade versions.  The only way Lucas is going to get this is if we stop buying these poor versions and let this release fail and show them we want classic quality.
B005KAH7QU|5.0|Some here decry Hanna because of its \\"incomprehensible\\" storyline.  The story isn't hard to understand though.  What they're really complaining about, I think, is that the movie doesn't follow one of the Hollywood formulas we see all the time.  Well, I say to them, \\"go watch Transformers,\\" and leave the rest of us to enjoy this film.
0547258305|2.0|I just couldn't get into this book. The characters didn't appeal to me and I found the story to be too slow to be interesting.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The noooo scene is the dumbest thing ever..the third film would of been way better at the end if it was just silent and just showed Vader just destroying stuff and showing his anger but no coming up with a scene that you would see on mystery science theater 3000....now we have to wait for the 3d films to hit the theater and watch Lucas further destroy the films..im sure they wont just transfer it into 3d but just continue to do tweaks that destroy the most memorable scenes in Star Wars...please do not waste my time or every other Star Wars fan by releasing these 3d films and then have to wait till these have cycled through the theater and then DVD/blu ray before the next three films are made. Hopefully I will see the next three films in my life but if not hopefully George Lucas will have died off by then and a more qualified person will have taken over the project for the next three films. The only reasonable explanation is before Lucas started writing the Prequels was that he has caught syphilis and it has been slowly destroying his brain.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|Works well on my Droid X.  Good for non-glossy paper. I suggest always using the flash (not auto) to get rid of shadows, even in good light.
B005BZQVJ8|2.0|What do you get when you cross three promising lead actors who don't mind being typecast with a script that is probably three revisions away from being finished? You get \\"Paul,\\" a squishy science fiction comedy that takes an interesting ensemble of performers and does little with them beyond what is required by the genre.      The genre, in this case, is the \\"alien lost on Earth and just trying to get home\\" story, which has been played for dramatic effect in far more successful movies like \\"E.T.\\" and \\"Star Man\\".  While this movie makes probably too many allusions to other science fiction movies (including \\"E.T.\\", \\"Star Wars\\", \\"Close Encounters\\" and on and on), it doesn't take many risks and instead merely goes through the motions.      Simon Pegg and Nick Frost play goofy Englishmen who find themselves in unusual situations (as we've seen them play in several other movies) and Seth Rogen plays a pot smoking slacker ... again ... although this time in the form of an alien.  Supporting actors Jason Bateman give a good turn as a hard-nosed Federal agent (think a younger Tommy Lee Jones from \\"The Fugitive\\") and Kristen Wigg, is, well, Kristen Wigg as the token female, first vulnerable and then empowered as she throws off the confines of evangelical Christian dogma.      Wiig's abandonment of religion and spirituality for a more scientific view of the universe is a theme that could've been developed further, and to perhaps greater artistic and emotional effect in this movie, but instead it serves only to liberate her character so that she can now \\"curse and fornicate\\" (her words).  Perhaps they could've explored how one makes difficult moral choices in a worldview without God, but then perhaps there couldn't have been as many dick and fart jokes.     There are other areas where the script clearly drops the ball (warning - minor spoilers to follow): for example, when Paul the alien transfers all of his knowledge and experience to Pegg and Frost's characters through a kindof hands-on-head mind-meld ... ummm, nothing results.  This amazing event doesn't seem to change their characters at all, and has no measurable impact on the rest of the movie.  Also, throughout the beginning of the movie, there are a number of references to an early meeting with the author Adam Shadowchild at Comic-Con (he's referenced later in the movie) but the question is ... umm, why is this important? At all? I expected him to make an appearance later in the movie, and unless I missed it, he completely disappears.  Again, what was all the interest about?    Part of me wonders whether, due to the large number of special effects required by the genre, the production of \\"Paul\\" was rushed so that these, and other, script problems couldn't be resolved. It's either that, or lead actor Simon Pegg is a REALLY bad judge of scripts.  It's too bad, because with two or three more re-writes, \\"Paul\\" could've been a movie that has it all: humor, wonder and a heart.
B005KAH7QU|5.0|Hanna was one of the best movies I've seen this year.  Different, unexpected, and interesting from start to finish.  I highly recommend this movie.[[ASIN:B005CMSDKA Hanna [Blu-ray]]]
B00004SAAX|4.0|Walcha's set is a groundbreaking set played on top notch historical instruments. His techniques is impeccable. It basically comes down to such matters as tempo, registration, etc.    Having heard nearly all of the complete and near complete sets, I would recommend Olivier Vernet above the rest. walcha can be overly measured at times and lack the sort of brio needed in many works, brio Vernet captures magnificently. Try to hear both if you can.
B00417HV14|5.0|If you like great quality visual, and surround sound entertainment and blues and guitar playing, stand by to be entertained my friend.  I saw JB in concert and this DVD is the next best thing. You won't be dissapointed with a well worth purchase!  BUT.......I warn you, you'll want to see JB live after watching!!!
159562015X|2.0|With apologies to Amazon Marketplace resellers, this book is useless 2nd-hand unless you have assurances that the website key-code holder in the back is untampered with.  The book is useless without their website as well, which conducts the StrengthsFInder 2.0 assessment then presents you with results.  Not knowing this, I purchased a used copy.  Trust me:  You won't get into the assessment without a NEW, UNUSED CODE.<br /><br />I'll briefly talk about StrengthsFinder 2.0 content, then talk a bit more about why I've rated this book as only worth 2 stars.  The online assessment is quick and easy and the results somewhat enlightening.  It's always interesting to gain (and confirm) insights into one's self and possibly learn a few tools that will help capitalize on strengths, shore up weaknesses, and communicate more effectively with others different from ourselves.  StrengthsFinder 2.0 promises all this and delivers... a Cliff's Notes-worthy set of insights.  While StrengthsFinder 2.0 quantifies and categorizes 30+ areas of personal strengths, you're only privy to your top 5.  Then when your top 5 strengths are determined, you're given about 3 pages of data related to each strength to read.  Needless to say, it's not exactly an exhaustive self-study.<br /><br />Those short-comings aside (for which I'd probably have rated the book 3 stars), my real beef with the book is this:  THE BOOK IS COMPLETELY UNNECESSARY.  All the \\"magic\\" of the StrengthsFinder 2.0 process is locked up in the website.  The website even produces a snazzy little PDF file for you after the assessment is complete, detailing most of what's contained in the book.  The book could easily be completely eliminated, you pay your entry fee to the StrengthsFinder 2.0 website and \\"SHAZAAM!\\" you get the exact same result without killing a bunch of trees.  (Make no mistake:  This book has absolutely ZERO replay value.  None.  You can't give it to a friend.  You can't donate it to the library.  Once the code is used, it's either a coaster or it's landfill.  It's a really remarkable waste of physical resources when the Internet consumes only electricity.)  I contacted the StrengthsFinder 2.0 web gurus with this suggestion, asking if it were possible to simply purchase a \\"clean\\" code.  To date, I have yet to hear back from them.<br /><br />Obviously, this tool has become popular with corporations and schools because it IS easy and effective.  I just can't help but be flabbergasted by how amazingly short-sighted the roundabout method of using the tool is.<br /><br />(Sigh.)  Until the business savvy folks at StrengthsFinder 2.0 \\"discover\\" a more efficient way to distribute their tool, make sure you buy this book new.her a coaster or it's landfill.  It's a really remarkable waste of physical resources when the Internet consumes only electricity.)  I contacted the StrengthsFinder 2.0 web gurus with this suggestion, asking if it were possible to simply purchase a \\"clean\\" code.  To date, I have yet to hear back from them.    Obviously, this tool has become popular with corporations and schools because it IS easy and effective.  I just can't help but be flabbergasted by how amazingly short-sighted the roundabout method of using the tool is.      (Sigh.)  Until the business savvy folks at StrengthsFinder 2.0 \\"discover\\" a more efficient way to distribute their tool, make sure you buy this book new.
B002WYJHBA|5.0|My family and I love this movie.  We've watched it so many times I think we know the dialogue.  Is this \\"real rain\\"?  \\"Where's my dinner?\\"  \\"Cat!\\"  Film critics probably tear this film apart but what do they know anyway.  Real people enjoy it.
B0014EVO4M|5.0|Yes, it's too short.  Let's get that out of the way.....but, better short and perfect than long and tedious.    Seriously, Vedder is at his best.  The range of vocals from whispers to growls to howls....it's all there.  Some of the rhythms are unusual and feel different but exactly right.  If you've read the book (I have), you really get a sense that he understands what this young man was all about.    This is perfect music for a drive....it propels you forward as if it's you making the journey, even just to the store.  It reminds you that fitting in is not the ideal,that society is truly messed up, but that nature and light and space can fix more problems than you would expect.    Lovely stuff.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|[[VIDEOID:mo2WS00V2PKOR1O]]SPOILER ALERT FOR THOSE THAT DESIRE TO SEE IT ON BLU RAY HIGH DEFINITION! Good luck with purchase!    Although I agree that these are George Lucas films & he has the right to make changes as he desires, I as a Star Wars fan & a movies collector cannot come to terms why he does not at the very least provide the original theatrical releases as well as these new edition releases on this STAR WARS Complete Saga Blu Ray Edition, why not give the consumer the choice, why not give your fans the option of either old or new versions, even the price has again been further reduced from $89.99 to $79.99 to help push & market this product. Most other Blu Ray movies has several editions & add ons that can be viewed either as the original version or the extended version on one blu ray disc. This is unacceptable in these times of economical distress & technological advances. Thanks to the easy access of knowledge via the internet, the consumer can research a product extensively before coughing up money to buy it. I will always remain a Star Wars fan, but I wont put up with this blatant disregard for the consumer, how many more version would come to pass before the originals are offered up in highest definition available to the consumer today, that is BLURAY.... As for this version, its a NO-WAY from me!  Latest Video Clips that suppose to be the alleged changes in the bluray edition:  1. Darth Vader's 'Nooo!' in Star Wars_ Episode VI - Return of the Jedi   2. Obi-Wan's Krayt Dragon Call from Star Wars_ Episode IV - A New Hope  3. 'Greedo Shoots First' from Star Wars_ Episode IV - A New Hope   4. CGI Ewok Eyes from Star Wars_ Episode VI - Return of the Jedi   5. CGI Yoda in Star Wars_ Episode I - The Phantom Menace  6. Star Wars_ Episode VI - Return of the Jedi: Jabba's Palace with larger door
