0671027344|5.0|This book is the most beautiful book I have ever read.  It has changed my life and I will read it over and over again.  The main charecter, Charlie, has been an inspiration to me.  I can relate to this book in such a realistic way.  It gives me hope that there is someone real out there.
B000000WGL|5.0|This record is very unique because it catches Richards at a time in his life when he was most vulnerable, most alone, and most determined to prove himself after all those years of playing the  rock'n'roll royality waste  case. Other reviewers are wrong, this is a very polished and richly  detailed recording. It is free of pretensious posing for a larger audience-  Richards deals straight from his heart, the lyrics are embedded deeply into  the thrusting power and wistful melancohly of the music; the lyrics say  different things to different people, believe it or not, Richards is an  esoteric lyricist, yet he does not delude or pretend to be anything more  than a muscian with a desire to play- and play- and play.  'Take it so  hard' is thunderous and pounding, but neat, thick and has worked it's way  into my nervous system after so many repeated playings. I think Richards  has a lot of personal problems- but he ain't the only one- and when the  Stones are working he can forget them and hide from himself and his life;  however, on this record he comes across as a very real person. Contrary to  what other reviewers say, this disc is a VERY UN-STONES like recording  because of this. True Rock'n'roll music lovers who do not like the Rolling  Stones may very well like this record.
B000006045|4.0|To be a 100% honest I'm not an expert in this new kind of &quot;electronic pop music&quot;. But as an amateur, and a fun of David Sylvian, Robert Fripp and Cocteau Twins, I must say that this album is innovative and  surely a great album. There you will find outstanding tracks, like  &quot;Teardrop&quot; (with the gift of Elizabeth Frazer voice),  &quot;Exchange&quot;, &quot;Man next door&quot;, &quot;Disolved girl&quot;  and &quot;Black Milk&quot;. Probably you would not like it in the  beginning, but, as happens with good music, it quickly conquers you: it's  innovative, strong, electric and you will certainly notice that there is a  real fine effort of the musicians. Unfortunately, there are some tracks for  the &quot;stone heads&quot; (guys who likes to push each other while they  are making a mess) like &quot;Risingson&quot; and &quot;Inertia  Creeps&quot;. Nothing personal, but I really don't get it...Not considering  these two boring mediocre songs, it surely deserves five  stars.....Excellent album.
B000002HRE|3.0|For it's STYLE, the album is fine. I have been a metallica fan since Kill &quot;em All. I think I am more of a Cliff fan, actually. I don't think the music they do now is better, I don't think it is worse. It is simply  different. If your musical taste has range, you may like this album. If you  prefer alternative over metal, you may like this album. If you are a  &quot;true&quot; die hard fan of the rooted sound of metallica, you're  going to hate this album. It is just time to realize that this is what  these guys are doing. It isn't better. It isn't worse. It's different.  Although I think it may be different enough for them to change their name  to &quot;Alternica&quot; - They may have heavy songs, but I don't think you  still count them as &quot;Metal&quot;
B00002Z88D|4.0|For every Metallica fan out there this is a &quot;must have&quot; album. Its a 2 hours compillation of some of Metallica's most popular songs through the years, plus you get to hear them with extra musical depth,  provided by the SFO. However, do not expect more than that.  Even though  all the musicians are sharing the same stage, after listening to the whole  album you get the impression that Metallica recorded a regular live  presentation and then, in the studio, the orchestral arrangements were  added. There is no &quot;chemistry&quot; beteween the orchestra and the  band. I would've loved to find some re-arragments on some of the songs, to  give more presence to the orchestra, i.e: I would loved to find some of  Kirks riffs played enterey by violins and in some other songs I would  liked to hear to the SFO interpreting alone. I like the album. Its a fine  job, however, it was a chance for them to make something bigger, much more  impressive, and they missed it. Sad but true.
1570427496|5.0|It's true what the prologue says..first you will laugh then you will cry.  I read this book in five hours, I couldn't put it down, by the time I got to the last page I couldn't read it because my vision was blurred with all  my tears.  This is a book you will never forget.
B00001QGPR|4.0|Having been in the music business for over thirty years. Having come through a failed marriage and drug addiction, having suffered a creative relapse during the eighties, which included the enigmatic &quot;Tin  Machine&quot; project, it seems Bowie is back on form and has a few things  he would like to say.<br />For the moment forget the drum 'n' bass of  &quot;Earthling&quot;; forget the conceptual gothic drama that was  &quot;Outside&quot;, with &quot;Hours&quot; Bowie returns to writing  straight forward songs, and shows us that he is still pretty darn good at  it.<br />&quot;Hours&quot; is an album that flows with feeling and emotion  without being sentimental. &quot;Thursday's Child&quot; is a suitably  poignant opener, on this track Bowie confesses, 'All of my life I've tried  so hard/Doing my best with what I had'. We soon get a feeling that after  all these years Bowie has a few things he would like to get off his chest,  and who are to ignore what he has to say?<br />&quot;Something In The  Air&quot;, a song about a failed relationship is appropriately delivered  with strained emotion. The subject of lost love is touched on again in  &quot;Survive&quot; - accompanied by acoustic guitars Bowie confides 'I  should have kept you/I should have tried/I should have been a wiser kind of  guy/I miss you'. &quot;What's Really Happening&quot; was co-written by the  winner of a song writing competition hosted on Bowie's internet company.  &quot;The Pretty Things Are Going To Hell&quot; provides a brief change of  pace. In this song Bowie alludes to his own past, as if he has a few demons  he would like to get rid of thank you very much. &quot;New Angels Of  Promise&quot; is somewhat reminiscent of his &quot;Heroes&quot; period. And  &quot;Low&quot; territory is revisited briefly for the ethereal  &quot;Brilliant Adventure&quot;.<br />Whether it is really Bowie reaching out  to us through the songs on this album or yet another contrived persona is  not entirely clear.However, one can not ignore the fact that  &quot;Hours&quot; is really quite an enjoyable and moving album. Though not  a record that is likely to stand the test of time, Bowie has at least shown  that he can still croon and rock with equal ease and look cool with it.
B000009RC2|5.0|I honestly believe that this is the best Fusion album ever made.  It is a must have for Jazz-Rock and Fusion fans, guitar freaks, and anyone interested in being moved by some fantastic instrumentals.
B000002OVJ|5.0|No other live album compares to the power of LIVE AT LEEDS.  Led Zepppelin's BBC Sessions is not even close.  The NICE PRICE CD mentioned by another reviewer is not the remastered version with bonus tracks but the  original compact disc release.  Keith Moon is rock's best drummer, better  than Bonzo or anyone else.  ISLE OF WIGHT is an inferior performance  compared the LIVE AT LEEDS.  I saw THE WHO on their QUADROPHENIA tour and  no other drummer can touch MOON THE LOON.  BUY THIS DISC!
B00000JZC4|3.0|This band is an attempt to make NIN more pop. There is nothing deeper about these guys. Cliche and unimaginative (though well produced), Filter lacks the raw frission of who they are plagiarizing. I've seen them live, and it changed me from a hopeful fan to a disappointed former fan. (Whereas I've seen NIN live, and I'm still a fan.)
0964385619|5.0|My husband and I loved this book and it's advice so much that I sent it to every couple that I know for their Christmas present. We agree with the money management &amp; investment philosophy's. Everyone who received the  book has already gone out and bought the 2nd book and hopefully are on  their way to financial freedom. Wouldn't it be great to make all of your  friends rich!
B0000025R3|5.0|There are so many Australian bands that have a definitive, obscure and original sound. They have an eclectic style, all of their own! Australian bands are not influenced by commercial genre's. Men at work were so popular  in the early 80's because there was nothing else like them. You should try  to experience other Australian acts, Mental as Anything, Spiderbait, Cold  Chisel, Midnight Oil and even todays contemporary bands that dont (but  should) gain American radio air-time... but then again it's great to  discover something for yourself that doesn't get repeated over and over  again. If you want something that you CAN listen to repeatedly, start with  a 'Men at Work' album... it's bound to put you in a chilled out mood!
B000002B7O|5.0|Waht else can be said about the father of Heavy metal music? Every decent heavy metal fan must  have this album and if not he must buy it right away.So don't waste your time.Heavy Metal is here and has come to stay.STAY  HEAVY!
0131103628|5.0|When I was trying to learn C (almost 20 years ago), I tried to read this book. It was too hard, so I turned to other books. But a year or so later I came back and found this one of the most enjoyable computer books to read  of all that I've encountered. There's lot of great computer science here,  written in the best programming style. A difficult, but rewarding, classic!
0451198670|1.0|did this get printed ? it is embarrassingly bad. admittedly i only read an excerpt in a magazine, bit that was enough. the film will probably be o.k. -working on the reverse wisdom that great novels make mediocre or bad  films.
B00001QGPS|5.0|Everything about this album is great, from the intro to the conclusion.  &quot;Blackout&quot; starts the album off in a fast-paced, heart-pounding way and cuts like &quot;Mi Casa,&quot; &quot;Tear It Off,&quot; and  &quot;Cheka&quot; keep the awesome beats coming.  Methodman's and Redman's  lyrics flow with precision and are both hard and smooth throughout the  album.  Check out this album and I am sure you will agree: this is the best  rap/hip-hop album in quite some time.
0195117298|3.0|Spoiler!   Look, End of Time is an enjoyable read; but I am not sure how profound his conceptualizations are. A lot of his material seems to come from Cosmologist, Max Tegmark; in which multiple universes  hypothsis(ensambles) rule the roost.  Does the book cannote more meaning or  meaninglessness? Not my cup of beer, but others may be thrilled by it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|No Angel is an awesome CD. with song-in-your-head tunes like &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; and &quot;All You want&quot;; slower, yet still catchy, ones like &quot;My Lover's Gone&quot; and &quot;My Life&quot;; and then the  songs played on the popular show Roswell, &quot;Here With Me&quot; and  &quot;Honestly OK&quot;, this CD is the only CD that I have listened every  single day since I got it - without fail. It's an awesome CD, even though  you might not like all the songs at first (My last to become favorites were  All You Want and My Life), but you'll grow to love them soon enough. Isobel  is probably one of the best songs. This CD was definitely worth buying!
1573226521|5.0|Well folks read the book now b4 it's to late.  The movie will be out in 8 days or so and although I am curious to see it it's going to be rather a dissappointment.  Richard(leo) ISN'T EVEN ENGLISH HES AMERICAN.  Gonna be a  lot of changes but you'll be alright BEACH fans.  <br />Just take the movie  for what it is.  A very different story inspired by our favourite novel.   Danny Boyle Oughta be good.  And give Leo a break...    even though I,  in  all honesty,  should be playing that role.                                       I need a cigarette.
B00000JCB3|5.0|this cd rocks!  if you've seen Ally McBeal, she has a theme song, this CD has plenty of songs to use! Mine is &quot;Break Stuff&quot; the best song ever!  Peace out ya'll!
B00000K0DT|5.0|absolutely the most powerful movie that i have ever seen, not to mention the most entertaining.  however, i urge you, do not just take my word for it, it's only a couple bucks to go rent it yourself, and i guarentee that  you will rush out of your basement, the end credits still rolling, to order  this film for yourself.  if this film was a woman, i'd marry it.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|I started listening to John Williams as most did, by viewing Star Wars first and then realising that there was moving music going on in the background. The music sneeks up on you.... and then Demands your attention. You see another movie , Indiana Jones, Jurassic Park, Home Alone.  The  music is inspiring, majestic, uplifting, beautiful. Of course, it's a John  Williams score. My friends, you simply cannot go wrong with a cd  encompassing such a body of aural beauty such as this. It is like being in  a Great Hall.... I started collecting John Williams cds by finding them in  used cd bins. I could not believe someone would let go of this  kind of music. In these bins I got Jurassic Park, Home Alone, Hook, and a  few others. The complete cds are very good too. However to have all of the  &quot;hits &quot; in one spot is great.  Definitely recommended.
B000001EGA|5.0|If a fire starts at home, and I could only save ONE CD of my extensive collection, &quot;Captain &amp; The Cowboy&quot; would be that CD. I have listened to this album since 1975. I just never get enough of this  masterpiece. Elton and Bernie at their prime. By the way, Elton John is my  favorite pop artist of all times, in case you haven't noticed yet ;-)
0440224764|4.0|Perhaps this novel is not the best of John Grisham's but definitely not the worst. A real page-turner, it units a gripping plot with an exact description of legal process. But Patrick Lanigan, its protagonist, differs  from other heroes of author's books - common, decent persons whom external  circumstances put before hard ethical decision and who make the only  possible correct choice even at the cost of life (that's what I love  Grisham's books for!). Patrick robbed the robbers, and he is ready to  return part of his loot in order to free himself from unloved wife and  child, from claims of law and start new life with handsome and beloved  woman. In his phenomenal foresight he overcomes everyone except quiet a  simple eternal truth excellently expressed by Friedrich Nietzsche: 'He who  fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And  if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you'. So the  last chapter of the novel is not the least but the best: its events  significantly shake life of the hero, thus testifying that author's moral  position remains unshaken.
B00000K501|5.0|I just recieved this movie today and I LOVE IT!  It is the best Video Concert I have ever seen! I cannot name one favorite part, for the Whole movie is my favorite! I could watch it forever! Till Lindemann is a great  Singer and has a great stage performance, as does his Keyboardist and  Guitarists. All I can say about the Drummer is: Wow!  Of course, I cannot  comment about the movie without commenting on their performance during  &quot;Buck Dich&quot; At first I was a bit shocked by what they did, but  then I couldn't stop laughing about it. It was more funny that perverse. I  will be laughing about that for God knows how long. Overall, this was  great!  The whole show had me mesmerized as it held most of my friends on  my Reservation. RAMMSTEIN RULES!  I recommend this to anyone who enjoys  dance/heavy metal music in a very awesome language, German, and for those  who have an open-mind and can laugh.
0684874350|5.0|I found this book to be a celebration of the human spirit!  Just beautiful!
0060987464|4.0|This book should have been a bigger best seller than it was.  It has all the elements of the hottest fictional books going -- and it claims to be reality!  You see the sexual weirdnesses of Manson's grandfather, the war  damage of his father, and his mother's odd rat saving techniques.  This is  definitely not the typical family next door.  From there we move on to ever  sicker things as the band takes shape and sex and all kinds of drugs take  center stage most nights. But through all the sensationalistic features,  there also runs the portrait of an American superstar.  Someone most of  &quot;middle America&quot; loves to hate.  Manson takes no pains to cover  the warts on his personality.  Nor does he &quot;airbrush&quot; over the  personality quirks and flaws of his friends and bandmates.  Although, in  some cases, it becomes abundantly clear that the book is unfair in it's  portrayal of some people because Manson doesn't bother to hide his hatred  and contempt for them at all.  That biased view is typical of any memoir,  though, and shouldn't put you off of reading the book.<br />This book does  serve to tell you what Manson is about and what he thinks -- his ideology  comes through clearly.  (to summarize grossly -- think for yourself and be  an individual)  It also gives some insight into the minds of the Christian  Right and serves up a slice of it's battle against popular music.  But most  of all this book is a chronicle of one man's growth and transformation --  one which may not be complete, but is still fascinating to watch unfold.  &quot;Long Hard Road Out of Hell&quot; makes Manson something the media has  managed to hide from us all -- a human being.<br />Though in the end, we are  left asking...how much of this is true?  I would hazard a guess that most  of it is true.  Noone portrayed in the book has had a problem with what was  said (excepting the former guitarist who is not portrayed in a pleasant  light -- probably mostly unjustly so).  I would also guess that there are  some untruths in the book.  Some stories sound a little too strange.  But,  let's not forget that this is a man who plays roles for the public;  bursting onto the scene as the Antichrist and morphing into a futuristic,  yet retro, &quot;Mechanical Animal&quot; for the masses.<br />Overall, I have  to give the book a high rating for  it's ability to entertain.  Whether  it's gospel truth or not, this book delivers more fun reading than any  cheesy, sexy, thrilling bestselling novel can.  Whether or not you like or  care about Marilyn Manson as a man or as a band, you will be horrified,  repulsed and yet drawn to the story as it unfolds.  It's the rubbernecking  effect in action!  This is a must read for anyone who studies pop culture  or loves modern music.  Get it and be scared, saddened, amazed and  educated!also guess that there are  some untruths in the book.  Some stories sound a little too strange.  But,  let's not forget that this is a man who plays roles for the public;  bursting onto the scene as the Antichrist and morphing into a futuristic,  yet retro, &quot;Mechanical Animal&quot; for the masses. <br />Overall, I have  to give the book a high rating for  it's ability to entertain.  Whether  it's gospel truth or not, this book delivers more fun reading than any  cheesy, sexy, thrilling bestselling novel can.  Whether or not you like or  care about Marilyn Manson as a man or as a band, you will be horrified,  repulsed and yet drawn to the story as it unfolds.  It's the rubbernecking  effect in action!  This is a must read for anyone who studies pop culture  or loves modern music.  Get it and be scared, saddened, amazed and  educated!
0446343129|5.0|I'm sugar-free ever since reading &quot;Sugar Blues.&quot; I was sluggish, moody, hungry, etc. I remembered that John Lennon mentioned Dufty's book in an interview once. So I bought it at the local health food store. He starts  off with his own sugar hell and redemption and then delves into the whole  history of the cane. Very interesting, healthwise and also politically.  This is the meat of the book. (The Boston &quot;Tea&quot; Party? More like  the rum party.) I like his writing style; he keeps it homespun. (Why did  some think this book needs more &quot;hard science&quot;? Isn't it already  in there? It's not intended to be in a medical journal [which can't always  be trusted!].) When I tell people I'm sugar-free they usually scoff, saying  sugar's not that bad for you, why give it up completely. Well, now I wake  up clear and I get through the afternoon w/o any flagging of energy. At  various times of the day I'll feel some energy racing through my body. (A  great feeling; keeps me motivated.) Now I need less food on my plate, and  my hypoglycemia has all but disappeared. (Think about THAT one, folks.)  Never eat &quot;refined sucrose&quot; again! It can be done! Sky's the  limit! Thank you, William Dufty!
1572522232|2.0|It's a gruesome witch-tale set in an European ballet school told in a wild visual style and strikingly beautiful sets, and bloody explicit (and genuinely frightening) murder scenes.  Jessica Harper is the most  beliveable actress in the film but I think the obvious dubbing of some of  the other voices ruins the performances of the other girls.  I'm not sure  why the dubbing was done (the lips match so they ARE speaking English) but  I suspect it may have been done because the accents were too thick.  The  dialogue is often dumb but this film is a work of art and a real treat for  those who can appreciate Argento's brilliant style.  Beware of older prints  that were cut for American distribution.  I once attended a showing of this  film at the Chicago Art Institute in which Dario Argento himself appeared  in person to talk about his films.  Embarrassingly, the film had been one  of those butchered prints.  The current video releases are intact and in  wide- screen.  Although I could do without the hokey narrative at the very  beginning while the opening credits are rolling--it sounds really stupid  and it is NOT needed.  This is even present on the current prints and I  wonder if it was what Dario had intended.  Enjoy!
B000020617|5.0|All the songs are very well orginized!  MY DAD EVEN LIKES AND THAT IS VERY UNCOMMON!
0380789019|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read! I found myself not only reading on the train (which is usually what when I get all my reading done), but also at lunch, at home, I even missed 2 dinners! Gaiman connects  you with the characters in this book, you feel as if you're on their  journey with them. A modern day Alice in Wonderland is the best way to  describe it, full of weird and bizarre characters. I deeply regreted the  ending of the book!
6303346367|4.0|Although I do not think most people are aware of this movie, it has a very clever and well-constructed plot and I would recommend it.  After getting used to the British accents (it takes a while for some reason), it is a  very enjoyable movie with suspense, intrigue, action and romance.  I would  especially recommend it to Hitchcock fans and old movie buffs.
0345428056|5.0|REMOTE CONTROL is an exciting, bullet flying, rib cracking, guts spewing story about an ex-SAS man, Nick Stone, who gets caught up in the vicious murder of an old friend and his family.  Rescuing the only surviving member  of the massacre a seven-year-old shell shocked little girl called Kelly,  Nick goes on the run, and finds out that even friends are potential enemies  in a world of IRA deals, drug cartels and messy TransAtlantic politics.  This is a knuckle bitingly good book and I spent the whole of an evening  reading it from cover to cover.  Andy McNab is as good a writer of fiction  as he is of fact.  I liked his hero because it showed the man to be human  and not just a killing machine as SAS soldiers are often portrayed in many  novels.  I hope that McNab thinks of writing a sequel to REMOTE CONTROL as  Nick Stone and Kelly make quite a formidable team.  A big thumbs up for  this cracker of a first novel.
B00004BZ16|5.0|I'm biased. This is my all time favorite album and it's never sounded better. I can't praise it any higher.  If you've never experienced Sandinista then think of it as The Clash's White Album.  I've loved this  album ever since the 1st time I heard it 20 years ago, and it actually gets  better with each spin, and now it's perfectly clear. If you've ever had any  interest in The Clash, then start here.  Don't go anotherr day without it.  This album proves that The Clash was and is the only band that matters, and  they are The Fab Four in spades.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|&quot;Americana&quot; is a great cd if you're trying to ease yourself into the world of punk.  An all-around quality album, it mixes lighter fare (&quot;Why Don't You Get a Job?&quot;) with songs that harken back to the  golden age of The Offspring (&quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot; and  &quot;Americana&quot;). These are not tracks for the intellectually  challenged (except for &quot;Pretty Fly&quot;). Be prepared for a strong  dose of social commentary.<br />  For those of you who are already fans,  &quot;Americana&quot; is a bit of a change. Yes, the punk is diminished in  a few tracks, but it never disappears entirely. <br />  If you can get past  the annoying &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; this is definitely an album worth  buying.  But if you really want to hear The Offspring in their prime, go  buy &quot;Ixnay on the Hombre&quot;, &quot;Ignition&quot; or  &quot;Smash&quot;.
B000002MQ9|5.0|This release by Dead Can Dance, from the late 80s, is perhaps the pinnacle of their more classically-oriented period, before they started to work more extentively with the sounds and atmospheres of medieval and other early  musics. Everything here is darkly evocative, lush, and supremely beautiful,  with a tragic overtone that rings throughout the whole of the release.  Especially beautiful is &quot;Summoning the Muse&quot;, which sounds like  some missing Carl Orff work of ominous portent. This, and also  &quot;Aion&quot;, are excellent introductions to DCD's work.
B000002U9L|5.0|Being 18 and a fan of the movie since it came out, it is great to finally own the CD.  Listening to the Soundtrack is just like watching the movie.  This is one of the best film soundtracks out there.  If you like the movie,  buy the CD.  You won't be disappointed.
B000002MM8|3.0|Dead Can Dance just didn't grab me with this one, for some reason. There seems to be a certain unfocussed feel to the release that's not present on standouts like &quot;Aion&quot;, &quot;Within the Realm...&quot;, and  &quot;Spiritchaser&quot;. Perhaps it's the growing amount of Arabic and  Asian sounds, with which Perry and Gerrard don't sound 100% comfortable as  of this album. Perhaps it's just that it's not on par. Or perhaps they're  trying to sell to that goth image, rather than concentrate on their own  musical vision. As an example: &quot;How Fortunate the Man with None&quot;  is very similar in direction to &quot;Fortune Presents Gifts not According  to the Book&quot; from &quot;Aion&quot;. But while that was a wonderful  reading/arrangement of an old morality play song, this new track is just a  plodding, darkish thing that goes on too long. Still, the musicianship  saves this thing very well...I just wish the compositional craft here was  up to the same level!
B000002P2W|4.0|This underrated album has been consigned to something of a footnote status in The Who's history: it broke no new ground for the band, neither was it another of Townshend's ambitious &quot;rock operas&quot;.  Instead the  songs started life as possible demos for his 2nd solo LP, only for Pete to  find that the group, in desperate need of new material, were snapping up  these painfully personal confessionals for their first album of new stuff  for some 2 years.<br />What is it about albums like this one, Dylan's  &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; or Lennon's &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot;  that is so compelling?  Dylan himself expressed surprise that anyone could  listen to &quot;Blood...&quot; for pleasure, and yet whenever I reach a  crisis point in my life it's records like these that bring me the most  comfort because they speak to me, THEY UNDERSTAND! It's clear from the  likes of However Much I Booze, How Many Friends, They Are All In Love, In A  Hand Or A Face and Imagine A Man that Pete was having an  emotional/spiritual crisis during this period.  He lays his tortured soul  out naked for all to see (so much so that Daltrey refused to sing However  Much...) - and the results are both harrowing and first class songwriting  at the same time.  But if it all gets you down, there's always Squeeze Box  and Blue Red &amp; Grey (or is this one ironic?) to show the lighter side  of life. It may not be The Who's greatest CD (choose between &quot;Who's  Next&quot;, &quot;Sell Out&quot; and &quot;Meaty Beaty Big &amp;  Bouncy&quot; for that honour), but often it's the only one I want to play  because it makes such a connection.
B000000XK5|5.0|Although recorded 13 years later than their &quot;Take Love Easy&quot; sessions, these sessions sound great too.  If you're a fan of this duo then you'll love this CD too.  Jazz vocal/guitar duos that sound this good are  rare.  Between the two of them they really swing on some tunes.  Every tune  on this CD is great.
014130541X|2.0|God almighty. This book was a struggle. At points, i was halfway into it, but unfortunately, Shelley always said, &quot;No, stay an armlength away from me.&quot; I think the main thing i hated about it was how Victor was always saying, &quot;Oh, and my heart was always troubled. The monster led  me to my self-destruction and doom.&quot; Shelley wrote this so the readers  might sympathise with his plight, yet she should've paid attention to the  saying, &quot;Show, Don't Tell.&quot; And the constant &quot;Words cannot  describe the sorrow i felt,&quot; really did bug me as well. If you're  published, that is, slap-bang in the middle of an industry based around  words, you SHOULD be able to describe stuff, else you shouldn't be in the  business. Maybe i just couldn't indentify with such an old book. Though i  could with A Tale of Two Cities. Who knows? Don't read this book.
079284131X|5.0|what a great movie!  this was one of the greatest horror flims i have seen in a long time!  a cute inocent doll who suddenly turns psychotic is a great idea.  when i first saw the movie i would not go near my dolls for 2  weeks.  now thats my kind of horror movie.
1573226521|4.0|I loved this book up until Garland climaxed with the cliched &quot;GunsAndWeaponryThang&quot;. I feel that a much more subtle ending would have kept in tone with the rest of the book and slightly detracted  from it. &quot;The rest of the book&quot;, though, was incredibly evocative  with landscape. It gave me a taster of the world and as I've never been out  of England except on Package Holidays, it's inspired me to take a Gap Year  after my A-Levels and melt my way across Asia. Excellent characters too.  Good book. Shame about the ending.
0792833201|5.0|Directed by the brilliant (and underrated) Tobe Hooper and written by the masterful Steven Spielberg, this is THE ultimate in ghost-haunting movies.  The cast was perfect, the direction was tight and the writing was crisp.   You could totally identify with the suburban atmosphere and I loved all the  80's insights.  At one point, you notice Craig T. Nelson reading a book  about the life of our &quot;current&quot; President, Ronald Reagan.  The  movie reminded me of my childhood in the 80's.  Not the ghosts but the feel  of their hometown.  This is a horror movie that any horror nut will  absolutely LOVE.  It's too bad the DVD isn't the best, though.  I'd like to  have a Tobe Hooper or Spielberg commentary on it.  Well, you can't have  everything.  But, you can have JoBeth Williams strutting her considerable  stuff in those shorty shorts.  TOTALLY HOT!   OUCH!
B000002KBU|5.0|This is the only album I have ever owned on vinyl, cassette and cd.  I think it is the best album ever recorded.  It defines the human soul.
078062565X|5.0|Note of warning to KING KONG fans: Even though the video description notes that this special edition includes &quot;...the excised giant spider scene,&quot; research I've done on the Internet reveals that this is not  accurate. The giant spider sequence still remains lost. <br />Otherwise, this  is one of cinema's iconic masterpieces, and belongs in any film buff's  movie library.
0553284347|5.0|I would have to list this book in the top ten best books I ever read in my life.  Easily. If you do the exercises, then you'll be pulled out of that &quot;victim&quot; mentality and regain your dignity.  I can't say enough  about this book!
B000003TA4|5.0|So this is where all those songs I hear and love on the radio come from.  I must have been too young to catch them the first time around.
B000002UKS|5.0|This album is without doubt incredible. The blend of different musical genres is quite breathtaking, and a real gear shift from the first album. A masterpiece to be listened to again and again. Get two copies 'cos you'll  wear the first copy out in the first few weeks - it really is that good.
0786209801|5.0|THIS WAS MY FIRST BOOK OF NELSON DEMILLE'S TO EVER READ. AND LET ME TELL YOU IT WON'T BE MY LAST. WITH MY WORK I GET TO GO TO A LOT OF PLACES, AND LONG IS. N.Y., IS ONE OF THE PLACES. AND I CAN RELATE TO HIS STORY A LOT.  IT WAS LIKE BEING BACK IN NEW YORK EVERY TIME I PICKED THE BOOK UP TO READ  IT. THIS GUY HAS GOT IT ALL TOGETHER. SO YES I WOULD SAY IF YOU WANT A GOOD  BOOK TO KEEP YOU COMING BACK FOR MORE THEN YOU SHOUD GET YOU A COPY OF PLUM  ISLAND AND SET BACK AND ENJOY.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a great movie cause all the special effects and the cinima sceens with doors as the music.
6305263248|3.0|I can't help feeling waves of nostalgia for this one. A few more cigarettes and a few less modern cars and we could have been in any 70's cold war thriller.<br />Once you get onto the old-time rollercoaster and  accept the free ride it is exceptional in it's execution and has a real  &quot;feel&quot;.<br />Reno and De Niro give excellent value for money and it  just kind of zips along, with some amazing car chases.<br />Before you know  it, end of the ride and get out of the car with shaking hands. Pity about  the lame ending but these things always look less attractive when the ride  is over.
B00002EPMF|5.0|Chuck you saved my life with your past works and id like to say how relieved i am to see that the opearation was a success and that you are ALIVE!  Without you all metal would be are some losers hitting power chords  on 7 string guitars and other no talent yuppies rehashing their boring  material with a symphony orchestra, metal needs you man so thank you for  not dieing! <br />Anyway this album again is what weve come to expect from  Mr. Schuldiner, a masterpiece. The Fragile Art Of Existence(which was  slated to be the title of Deaths last album, TSOP) has many parallels to  that album musically, that album being progressive and brilliant, this  album holding all these qualities and adding a new dimension to Death's  music, a cool 80s style vocalist.  Oh yeh and Steve being back in the band  is a huge bonus considering that he is an absolute freak on his instrument,  he is just THAT good, a highlight indeed.<br />ANyway peace people and Chuck  Im bloody happy for you, keep the metal flowing!
0780020685|5.0|Great great great movie.  Just the right pacing and always keeps you interested and watching.<br />The best extra on the DVD is the commentary by a Japanese Cinema expert ... all kinds of insightful information.
B00000JMQE|4.0|This wonderfully mastered film is a realistic twitst on the over-optimistic view the original land of Oz.  The &quot;dark&quot; tone the movie takes on paralles the events occuring in the actual life of  Dorthy beyond her imaginary world of Oz.  The characters such as Tick-tock  and Jack are new, creative, and everlasting.     When I first saw this film  I must have been very young because the even name escaped my mind; however,  the characters, plot, and meaning of the film are anchored in my mind even  to this day.  Being a childhood fan of the original film the Wizard of Oz,  I was intrigued by the idea that somewhere in the world was another story,  an extention to the first.  I made it a personal goal to find this film and  was filled with that childhood joy when I did.  Since then this film has  become a renewed personal favorite as well as a family favorite to my niece  and nephew.  This a film for any Oz lover as well as any true film  critic/lover.  It will open up avenues of dicussion wether you watch it for  pure enjoyment or for an indepth critical analysis.
0790729628|5.0|The music by Vangelis ... the atmosphere ... the story ... the characters.  This movie is a masterpiece.
0792842731|4.0|I must say that Brosnan gorws into the role this time.He doesn`t give a perfect performance but is much better than in GE.The rest of the film is a mixed bag.The scenes between Bond-Carver/Kaufmann are great(the  performances of Pryce and Schiavelli are truly gems),and we have an  inspired Bond-girl,but although the film is a fast one,all this  machine-gunnin without wounding any of Bond:s allies is just stupid.A great  soundtrack by Arnold,a great teaser(really a mini-movie)and the  Kaufmann-confronation saves this film.Otto plays Stamper with  menace,however the part is a terrible orgie in cliches,and you want to puke  over his &quot;We die together,mr Bond!&quot;
0920668372|5.0|I gave this book 5 stars because the first time I heard it was last year in my daughter's headstart class, they did a special project for mother's day.  When this story was read to us by my daughter's teacher the whole room was in tears, I was able to fight back the tears but, this story just  won my heart over.  I find this book truly amazing and I would recommend  for everyone to read this book to their children, nieces, nephews, or even  just for yourself.  I guarantee it will bring tears to your eyes and give  you a whole new appreciation on parenting.<br />Thank you and hope you enjoy  the book as much as I did.   ssmith4801@aol.com
0553274503|5.0|A timeless classic that is mandatory reading in many schools for good reason. Not only is this a well written story, but the plot borders on great science fiction. Who hasn't dreamed of some type of miracle  &quot;pill&quot; that could increase brain power! A very realistic look at  human intelligence and the author writes brilliantly from both mind  perspectives of the dumb and smart Charley. The ending is not too  depressing because Charley resorts back to the lovable character he was.  Definitely a great read for anybody.
0767803434|5.0|If you like a &quot;edge of your seat&quot; movie then check out Air Force One and you will not be dissapointed. I originally saw it in the theater and the DVD does it justice (especially if you're watching it in a  home-theater setting!). Watching the movie with the Director's narration is  almost as good as the movie itself.<br />Harrison Ford's character is a bit  too honest and upright to be a believable president but he put in what I  think is one of his best performances to date. Gary Oldman is very  effective in his role as a Kazakhstani who is willing to die for his cause  and injected a tremendous amount of energy into the film.<br />What makes this  movie work is that you get to watch something happen that is improbable and  that is something audiences can't get enough of (example: Independace Day ,  etc). Yes, there are some technical aspects of the story that you need to  be willing to overlook, like terrorists walking  onto Air Force One posing  as journalists (yes, reporters really do fly on the plane, but they are   &quot;familiar faces&quot; to the crew).<br />So if you are thinking about  adding this movie to your collection, do it! You will enjoy every minute of  it!
B000023VR6|5.0|This CD is hot. Like 15 of the songs are tight.  Even the skit is bangin.Go get this CD! Shout out to my baby brother seth.
630562285X|5.0|This movie was good, you have to see it.  You never know who is good or bad, and you never know what is going to happen next.  It was a movie were I did not know the end to when I started to wach it.
B00001R3GI|5.0|I hate when people come and say &quot;If you don't give this CD5 stars you should be shot or if you don't give it 5 stars you aren'ta Stones fan&quot;. I personally love this CD. To me it ranks up there with Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers, and Beggars Banquet. But...it's not for everyone. I can understand how people would think this is overrated. It took a LONG time for this to grow on me. I had to listen to it A LOT. If you only knew....anyway my advice is that this CD is for people who love Rock N Roll, Blues, and Gospel. Someone with patience. This isn't a Pop CD with catchy jingles. I use to be a Beatles fan too, but after time I started to like The Stones more as an overall rock band. My advice, if you are a 13 year old who is just starting to listen to The Beatles to be cool then don't buy this because you WON't like it. That is all.  END
1573225517|4.0|It all seems simple enough. The first person narrative through a short period of one man's life. He breaks up with his girl, has a brief affair, examines his work, his friends, his past, and thinks about how to get his  girl back. Universal themes? A staple of art and literature?  Of course,  but why do I find it so damn frightening?<br />High Fidelity revolves around  the life and times of Rob Fleming; a man of dazzling normality. Suburban  and middle-class, he wears his pleasantly dull personality like a badge of  honour. Sure he has lost women because of it, but they have also come in  search of it. Tired of hidden depths they want to wallow in the  shallows.<br />However Rob is not normal despite his warm, self-depreciating  first person. He is twisted and petty and obsessive and as deranged as...  well, as you or I.<br />This sordid little tale could be me. (Don't be smug, I  bet it could be you too.) \\"So\\", you say. \\"Rob seems alright.\\" Of course he  seems all right; he's the one telling the story. Go into any ward for the  criminally insane and I'm sure most of them would say they're \\"alright.\\"  <br />For all it's light air and easy going pom charm High Fidelity reminded  me more of Anthony Burgess' A Clockwork Orange than anything else. Much as  Alex covers violence is such a thick layer of his own personality that we  forgive him, start to like him. Love him? The same can be said for Rob. Is  this the behaviour of, what we are led to believe, the world's most mellow  and harmless man: to harass his ex-girl by waiting outside her house late  at night? To constantly phone and hang up? All the time knowing you had  been unfaithful long before she moved out. Is this normal? Is this  right?<br />No, it isn't. But it's exactly what I would do (Have done).<br />To  many High Fidelity can be a cautionary tale. Rob's life was taking a  well-trodden, but advantageous path to creativity and financial security  when he was attending college; then the painful fallout ofa mismatched  affair sent him spiralling towards hopelessness, inactivity and a life  soaked in a fantasy created by pop music (classic soul, funk, R'n'B, ska  and punk). This one moment of misery turned him from a would-be somebody to  a never-be-anybody. Yes, a cautionary tale to those young enough. A sad  document to those too old to change.<br />So never mind your King and your  Koontz, their terror is nothing compared to the undiluted panic of reading  High Fidelity. When we laugh at the uselessness of Rob's life are we  laughing at a character? Are we laughing at our neighbour? Our brother? Are  we laughing at ourselves? If we are it's a bitter, tight, evil little laugh  and it sure as hell won't get you any girls.<br />Note: As much as this book  scared the crackling off my pork I have to give it a huge recommendation  purely for the fact it does talk about Solomon Burke, Donny Hathaway's 'The  Ghetto', and Peter Gurlanick... Oh dear, should I still care about that sort  of stuff?
6300213714|5.0|This very underated film is brilliant and entertaining, I say underated because I've never seen it on video to buy here in the UK. The film reminded me of A CLOCKWORK ORANGE because of the make up. Could this be an  American answer to CLOCKWORK ORANGE? Overall I very much enjoyed this film  and I would like to see it again someday.<br />&quot;Warriors, come out to  play-y-y!&quot;
6305750750|4.0|HEY, COME ON! THE MOVIE WAS'NT THAT BAD. I MEAN THE MOVIE WAS'NT THE BEST OUTTA THE SEIRES BUT IT DID SET IT UP. I DOTHINK THAT KID LOOKED WAY TOO CUTE TO BE VADER. AN IF THEY PICK LEO FOR 2 THEN IT WILL FIT THE CHILD BUT  STILL TOO CUTE I THINK. AN WHAT ABOUT THEM F/X'S? WoW!  AN WHAT ABOUT DARTH  MAUL?  THIS SEEMS TO BE THE ONLY OE THAT HE WILL BE IN. WAS HE NOT KICK A$$  OR WHAT?  I THINK HE WAS THE KOOLEST EVER. BUT NOT BETTER THEN VADER. I DO  THINK HE LOOKED KOOLER THEN VADER THO. WAS THE FIGHTING IN IT NOT THE BEST  IN ANY STAR WARS?  I MUST SAY I HOPE JAR JAR DIES AN FAST. I DONOT WANT HIM  TO RETURN. HE MESSED UP THE MOVIE BUT THE MOVIE IS'NT BAD.
0783219172|4.0|This was a pretty good film which was similar to BEETLEJUICE. I love that song at the end (Don't fear the reaper, by The Mutton Birds) Overall a clever plot and brilliant special F/X.
6305313687|2.0|When I heard that Ed Norton was going to play a skinhead I couldn't wait.  To be fair he did great with what he was given, but unfortunately he wasn't given much.<br />All of the characters, even Norton's, were two dimensional.   They were there to serve the plot.  It's fine to have a movie that says  racism is bad, but a really great one would've made you agree and  sympathize with the skinheads and racists before it showed you the violence  and hate that come from those views.<br />I might have liked it more if I  didn't have such high hopes coming in.  As it is I can't help but feel that  the director/studio wasted a great opportunity with one of the best and  most fearless young actors in movies.<br />I knew that racism was bad going in  and after it was over I hadn't learned anything new.
B000002BYD|5.0|As every pearl jam album this is really really good. All the songs are just perfect, it's not the kind of cd with only one kind of sound. The best song is &quot;Do the evolution&quot; (for me it is the best video clip ever  existed, and the best song as well).
B000000WFZ|5.0|This soundtrack took my breath away. The most beautiful song on the soundtrack is &quot;Falls.&quot; The first time I heard it when watching the movie &quot;The Mission,&quot; I wanted to weep. Truly heartbreaking  music..buy it!
0800129806|4.0|I rented this movie one night, and the next morning I rushed out to buy it. If you enjoy medieval movies, like Braveheart, you are sure to love this one. I am not one for mystical movies with wizards or unicorns etc. so  I am very thankful to the writers of this movie for leaving that part of  the legend out. The acting in this movie is great, but thats no surprise  seeing as it has Richard Gere, Sean Connery and Julia Ormond in it. There  were only a few small things that I found wrong with this movie, one is  when Lancelot is rescuing Guinevere from that old falling apart castle.  When those 3 (i think) of Malegant's fall into that pit, I find that looks  very unrealistic. Too fake. The other small mistakes I find are just with  the dialogue. This movie is great because those of you who cringe at the  sight of gore or blood  have no need to fear. This movie includes no  unnecessary gore, and no nusity at all. When you're watching, be sure to  watch Lancelots sword after he defeats Malagant in the court. Gere must  have broken the sword, as there is only about an inch of blade on it!  Enjoy!
B000031WD9|5.0|The funniest film I've seen for ages. American Pie finally puts the teenage world into the R rated catagory, instead of the usual PG-13. We've all been there and know the crazy stuff that happens while at high school,  and I'm not sure Saved by the bell was too close to the mark. A brilliant  film, a must for everyone who was once, or is still a teenager. Please let  them make a sequel.<br />A great DVD disk too with loads to see, buy it now.
6304119046|2.0|I have heard that this movie was THE best American made film ever, but when I watched it I had a very different impression. I love watching old black and white movies, but I found this one too long, boring, and  pointless. It got a little better near the end, but it got off to a REALLY  slow start. I certainly don't think this is the #1 film, but that's only my  opinion....
0440234743|5.0|I liked this book about greed, manipulation, serenity and redemption.<br />Grisham's first chapter sucks the reader into the story like few beginnings I have encountered.  The first person perspective of a bitter  and lonely billionaire who plots his revenge on his children even as he has  plotted his own death is riviting.<br />When the story moves to inland Brazil,  Grisham's narrative excels at explaining a remote yet beautiful land that  few are aware exists.  His characters likewise are well developed and  beleivable in their roles.  His portrayal of the several amoral lawyers  borders on the hilarious and will serve to confirm many people's  stereotypes of members of the bar.<br />What separates this novel from othe  works of Grisham is the presence of God in the life of several of the  characters.  Religion is a positive influence on those it touches in the  story and serves as the fulcrum upon which the plot turns.<br />This is the  first fiction book I can recall reading where the strong faith of several  major characters is treated as a positive defining aspect of their lives.  In my experience, when I have encountered religion at all in fiction, it  usually is presented as a character defect or held up to demonstrate the  hypocrisy of those who do not practice what they preach.  Grisham's  treatment of faith as a central aspect of character and motivational force  is refreshing and  much more representative of how it affects most  religious people.<br />I read the book quickly over several days.  Great  opening, well developed and interesting characters, enough greed and money  on the line to titilate and a good juxtaposition of faith and redemption.  A winner.
B000002UJQ|5.0|The 60s had Sgt. Pepper.  The 70s had Dark Side of the Moon.  The 80s had English Settlement.  For the 90s, it is Radiohead's OK Computer.<br />Quite simply, one of the best albums ever recorded.  End of review.
B000005IS1|5.0|Of all the albums from the sixties to get reissued on CD,I gotta tell you,this one is done right.It rocks,it's perfect for your next beer blast.&quot;Motor City Burning&quot; is a heavy blues,&quot;Starship&quot;  is a space-jazz freakout inspired by Sun Ra (one of their favorites).The  title track should have been the anthem of the entire punk movement.If you  can get past the rhetoric of their stage announcer this is one of the  greatest live albums ever made.Great guitars from Fred &quot;Sonic&quot;  Smith (RIP) and &quot;Brother&quot; Wayne Kramer.Rob Tyner (RIP) absolutely  shreds his throat for you.And Dennis Thompson was definitely Kicking out  the Jams. I also must recommend their other albums-Back In The USA &amp;  High Time. Stay alive with The 5 !
B00002E233|5.0|A movie that is jam-packed with stunning special effects, talented actors, and a wonderful mix of elemental storylines and twists in its plot. Deep Blue Sea begins with the quest of a scientist who wishes to find a cure for  the disease Alzheimer's. The man who funds the project ventures out on a  visit to the test center Aquatica, far off the coast of the United States  in the Pacific. After the discovery that the process of extracting protein  from the shark's brain is a success, a tropical storm bears down on the  test station, and that's when the things begin to go wrong. The film  contains a combination of elements from The Poseidon Adventure, Jurassic  Park, and, of course, Jaws. The characters are believable, and the actors  play them to perfection in the most heightened moments of the film. The  special effects, with the exception of a few moments, are seamless, though  scenes in which humans are devoured underwater tend to have a computerized  look to them. Trevor Rabin, who composed the score for the 1998 asteroid  flick Armageddon, has come up with a truly intense and terrifying theme for  the sharks as well as a brilliant score to accompany the movie's many  intense scenes which will have you holding your breath. The plot takes many  twists and turns, and you may be thinking one thing while something totally  different is going to happen. The DVD release of this movie is one of the  best in my collection. The anamorphic widescreen format hosts brilliant  colors and solid blacks and blues. The Dolby Digital soundtrack is  masteredin 5.1 surround, but if your receiver is only Dolby Pro-Logic,  don't fret: the sound is still tremendous. You can't even tell the  difference, and you are able to hear each boom or scream. There are tons of  special features on this DVD, including a theatrical trailer, two  featurettes on the making of various projects, scenes that didn't make it  to the final cut, and even audio commentary to accompany the film. If you  need afilm full of suspense and tension that will have you surprised at  every point, then this movie is a must.
630575067X|5.0|This have got to be the greatest sci-fi movie of all time! Whoever says that Jar Jar sucks has no sense of humor and was deprived of a childhood. He was great! Not only was he funny, he was also very realistic. I can't  believe he was CG! I can't wait to buy the video. Too bad there's no DVD  yet, not until 2005 (at least). The special effects were amazing, the story  was interesting and easy to follow at the same time.
0440219078|4.0|This book was one of my favorite books.  It kept me on the edge of my seat  the whole way through.   It is about a boy and what happens to him when he  receives the most important job in the tower.   If I recommend any book it  would be this one.
B000002JKA|5.0|This song and this band to me realy is one of the best all around music groups that have ever come around ever! They have new and old the best keyboardists that I have personaly ever heard and a man that I believe  would give Neil a run for his money and walk away with everything, one heck  of truly excellent Bass players I have ever heard and truly a vocalist that  to me in my mind is truly the best in the buisness and last but not least  the master of disaster on the Guitar and one heck of a lyric writer himself  and that is John Petrrucci.     E Thomas Curtis (Gino)
B000006OBQ|5.0|As soon as Bobby Goulet's intro of the &quot;Man and His Music&quot; is complete, Count Basie and his Band roll out with the all the sublety of an avalanche.  Then the &quot;man&quot; takes the stage and takes charge of  the moment and the rest of the evening.  You are there as he frolics with  the Count in &quot;I've Got A Crush On You&quot;, as he gets lost in his  own momentum as he repeatedly sings; 'ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-donnng!'  at the conclusion of the rollicking &quot;Get Me to the Church on  Time&quot; and afterwards exclaims &quot;I think I made the point!&quot;.   The 10 minute or so interlude some say is too lengthy.  I say listen to all  of it once, then listen to it as much or as little as you want.  But I'm  glad its there as you hear Frank &quot;shoot the breeze&quot; with the  audience.  This is a classic recording and one that no Sinatra fan should  be without nor anyone who enjoys listening to music and having fun.  It is  essential 1960's Vegas-style Sinatra.   (Black Tie Optional).
B000002G87|5.0|As I write this, it's interesting to note that, out of 30reviewers, only one has seen fit to give &quot;Layla&quot; less thanfive stars (one star off for recording quality).  There's not much I can add to what's been so well said by so many reviewers-- --Layla is probably the greatest all-time blues-rock guitar album; --This was the peak of Clapton's recording career (anything he's done since, pales in comparison); --there are a great many unheralded songs on this record including, Anyday, I am Yours, Tell the Truth, Key to the Highway, Why Does Love got to be So Sad? and Thorn Tree.  There are no bad songs; --Duane Allman, like Clapton, is brillant; the contrast between his soaring, emotive slide and Clapton's fiery leads, is unsurpassed by any recording I know of; --Topping off these extraordinary riffs are the soulful vocals of Clapton and Bobby Whitlock; -- Anyone who likes the blues, or who has ever felt the pain of a lost love, should have this recording.  END
B000002UB3|5.0|If you like classical music, jazz, rock and roll or all of the aforementioned genre of music, you will enjoy this CD.  Anyone who appreciates music, no matter the style, can appreciate classic  performances, of which this is one.  Whether you listen to Vivaldi, Miles  Davis, Frank Sinatra, Black Sabbath or Wilco this disc belongs in your  collection.  Because great music,  no matter where it emanates, is capable  of stirring up our emotions and makes us...  Ah, what the heck am I talking  about, this is The Beatles' Abbey Road album.  You're gonna love it.
6304106017|5.0|All the 49 reviews posted on this site before now say all I could think to say about the vampires' and the Gecko brothers' performances.  Equally worthy of comment are the performances of Keitel, Lewis and Liu as the  family taken hostage by the Geckos.  I think this was one of the very best  representations of the Stockholm Syndrome that will ever be on film.  From  the moment Lewis's character &quot;talks trash&quot; from the toilet to the  border guard, the Geckos and the hostage family are bonded till the end  (literally for all but two of them).  I particularly liked Keitel's  &quot;Are you such a loser that you can't tell when you've won&quot; speech  to Seth in the bar.  In fact, in my opinion Keitel's portrayal of a  &quot;man of faith&quot; experiencing a crisis in faith is in and of itself  one of the best performances anyone could ever hope to see.  If you didn't  notice all this the first time you watched the movie, watch it again (I'm  sure you won't mind doing that) and pay attention this time.  If you  haven't seen the movie yet, be aware of the fine performances by the  &quot;hostage family&quot;.  Those performances are part of the real appeal  of this film.
0061002860|2.0|don't trust the 'in 1926, christie wrote her masterpiece : the murder of roger ackroyd.'  i got to admit it has a nice begining. but, the middle was half Boring. the ending was disappointing! the worst part was the identity  of the murderer.
B00000255F|5.0|Sure, I'd heard the song &quot;Born to Run&quot; before, but nothing prepared me for hearing this whole album. Quite simply, it blew me away.<br />Before I heard this album, rock 'n roll was something to listen to in  the car; afterwards, it was an art form, and Bruce Springsteen was the  maestro.<br />If you not have this album yet, BUY IT NOW. And if you haven't  had the pleasure of seeing Springsteen live, do so while you can.
B000003BDJ|1.0|The second CD in this set which I ordered has the WRONG SONGS on it!<br />I've never seen anything like this before, what gives?<br />This is not my idea of convenient shopping!
1572522232|4.0|Don't look for coherent plot, great script here. Instead you will get the Mother of all Black Comedies - a series of very bizarre set pieces that is alternatiely (or simultaneously)  hilarious and extremely gory.  The art  and music direction is outlandish in the extreme, and that alone makes it  worth seeing for anyone interested in the technical aspects of cinema. I  have only seen the TV version, and I understand much of the gore is cut  out. There really isn't too much that is really unbearable to watch, but  what there is manages to be stomach turning and hilarious at the same time.  The editing is choppy and the dubbing is poor and sometimes hard to  understand, which in a way adds to the weirdness of the movie. I would  really like to see this movie in its original form; I'm not sure even if  the video version is that. <br />There isn't much that is unique and original  these days, but this definitely qualifies!
0440211727|5.0|Great story.  I couldn't stop reading it.  It's a book where you say you're going to 1 more chapter but you read 5 more.
B000002G87|5.0|This sensationally superb representation of forbidden love wraps it's arms around your soul.  Clapton sings his sorrows screaming out in pain.  The exchange of guitars spoke the language of sadness expressed throughout each  song.  This amazing, soulful album is a must in your music collection.
B00000K19E|5.0|The cinamatography was extraordinary. The special effects would blow you away. The guys had really really cool guns and they did really cool moves it was a masterpiece!
B000005HNQ|5.0|Hi!  I Know I reviewed this cd before, but I have to do it again for the sake of 2 reasons. Reason 1: This cd rules, and Reason 2: I'm in love with Anneke.  Since i last reviewed this album, I have grown to fall in love  with the sheer beauty and atmosphere of this album.  The mood it creates is  simply awe-inspiring.  Anneke is a Godess in her field. I call her the  &quot;Mike Patton&quot; of female singers(being that she has amazing range  and her voice seems to fit in very well with the music).  I don't why i  said before that the drumming was mediocre.  I must have been angry that  day for some strange reason.  Though not possesing the greatest technical  skills that I have come to enjoy on the other metal works of art I  enjoy(Arcturus' La Masquerade Infernale, Emperor, ect ect.), I remembered  that this was doomy music and not Black Metal, which tends to be very  technical. I also said that you have to be in a &quot;good&quot; mood.  I  HAVE NO IDEA WHY I SAID THAT!   In order to truly capture the  &quot;mood&quot; of this album, you have to feel depressed or in some way,  down.   The beautiful, but at times, simple chord progressions entwine with  music beautifully, leaving the listener fully captivated and chilled by  their simplicity.  I also recommend Theatre of Tragedy,Anathema, Nightwish,  and Sinergy. Thank you.
B00000K19E|2.0|This movie has lots of guns.  They have big guns and small guns.  I personally like the Matrix better than reality.  Lie to me as long as you tell me what I want to hear.  What is the point of getting out of a decent  fake world to go to a disgustingly horrible real world?  Keanu Reeves  didn't look all that hot with that awful hair cut.
B000002U82|5.0|If you are even reading this review you must have some kind of disorder. All I can say is that this album is the greatest that has ever been made by man kind. If you've heard other floyd works and don't like them, it shouldn't matter. Cough up the &quot;money&quot; for this album, for it  will bring you far more plesure then any thing else you could do with the money,  well almost anything. Listing to the samples will give you no idea of how  masterfully the tracks are blended together to create an ultimate listing  experience. There's a reason this album stayed on the charts for something  like 700 weeks. THis album is not comprable in any mesure to any other  Floyd work, and while I enjoy many others, none is as well produced,  writen, and performed as Darkside. GET THIS NOW!
0446605409|3.0|I like Mr. DeMille's writing style, comfortable and easy to go along with.  I found the setting of the story intriguing as well.  I also thought the facts were well-researched.  What I didn't like . . . well, let's see.  The  jokes -- too many and not always funny.  The bad guy was a little too bad  to be believable.  The CIA agent who consumed Corey for the first few  chapters mysteriously disapeared half way through the book never to appear  again.  And John Corey himself.  Yikes, what a jerk.  Too macho, too  threatened.  He seemed to take great pains to irritate everyone he met.   From CIA agents to little old ladies, no one seemed to escape his wrath.   Of course, his attitude only hurt his cause.  It got to the point where I  started to wonder if he was just plain stupid.  (This was also the case in  The General's Daughter -- what's up with that?)  Last, but not least, I  thought the romance with Elizabeth was implausible.  Any woman who cared  one iota about her career as a homicide detective would steer clear of men  who said things like &quot;Wanna play hide the pickle.&quot;  But of course  (probably because the author is male) it turned her on.  In the end, I  didn't find Corey very likable, just kind of drunk and obnoxious.  And  bright.
B000002L5J|5.0|Is this guy killer or what? This is rock&amp;roll blues at it's very best
0345350499|5.0|I think that this book is one of the best I have ever read.  The way that Bradley describes to the reader what is going on is probably the best I have seen.
B000002ITW|5.0|This album reminds me of being a young girl during  a very enlightening and outspoken era. The words to alot of songs during this time were the musicians way of speaking out/protesting the wrongs of our  society.(RE:OHIO) But then again, listen to &quot;Long Time Gone&quot;  &amp; &quot;Down By The River&quot; for some killer blues and excellant  guitar playing. This album is great.
B000003TAN|5.0|...many of us who remember the 80's and the great changes that were happening around the time this disc quietly appeared didn't immediately appreciate the genius tracks that C.Y. laid down for this once-and-out.  I  include myself - as I'm still finding new things in this disc almost ten  years after I 'borrowed' it from a friend.  It's a challenging album, and  not for beginners.  But it has a wonderful sound that keeps the lid firmly  on the roiling sound that C.Y. keeps so close to the surface of their  music.  Certainly this disc should be part of anyone's musical education,  if only to see what a convincingly grand job can be done on a 'throw-away'  or 'lark' album (as some critics called it).
B000002L5J|5.0|Is this guy killer or what? This is rock&amp;roll blues at it's very best
0684874350|1.0|this book was great! I highly recommend i
0684803356|4.0|This was an okay book. It ebbs and flows. There are great scenes (the massacre, Sordo's end, and the final battle) and there are whole sections where the book just grinds down into mundane language and repetition.  However, the great scenes were unbelievably hypnotic and intense, I  thought. I also liked the ending, which I thought was heartbreaking and  left me feeling lonely and aching. I preferred &quot;A Farewell to  Arms&quot;.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|In the late 1970's, few bands had more indie momentum than the Clash. Inspired by recession in the U.K., The Clash's blend of punk, raggae, and 3-note chords literally made the &quot;early MTV Generation&quot; buy  &quot;London Calling.&quot; Raw and riveting, this album is a bitter, if  not all-out mean. Regardless of Rolling Stone magazine naming &quot;London  Calling&quot; the album of the '80s, this album had unsurmountable energy.  Mick Jones' hard vocals, Joe Strummer's catchy guitar riffs, and Paul  Simonon brutal bass lines made this album rock. The drums of the  ever-charismatic Topper Headon kept all in line.<br />This CD is a must buy!
B000021Y7X|5.0|I bought this disk in the early 80's and it had only 9 songs-  THen I bought the re-release with most of the other songs, but in no way could i be prepared for this DVD.  Listening to the cd, there is no way you can see  the way the whole stage is built up around each song.  From Byrne walking  out alone witha boom box to the massive stage that is finally built,  the  concert just keeps your attention throughout.  I AM IN AWE!  and can  really appreciate the the talking heads more.  THe only misfire is not  including the bonus tracks in the show but making you go throuh the menu to  play them.  BUT WOW, what a show.  Still though my favorite track here is  HEAVEN
B0000047CX|5.0|I have a friend who use to live in England and found it to be gloomy and depressing at times.  he told me that the only thing that could cheer him up and get him out of the glums was this sunny, bright, warm album.  He  told me that on chilly days, when the sun would not show its face, he'd put  on this album, and imagine himself in Rio, on the Copacabana, drinking a  tropical concoction, with the girl from Ipanema walking by.  Listening to  this album saved his life in a way. <br />As I live in cold and sometimes  gloomy New England, I too play this album to cheer me up and rekindle my  zest for life.  It works!  The simplicity of the rhythms just embrace you,  as if to say &quot;relax, don't worry...&quot;.<br />I highly recommend this  album to anyone who's got the winter blues and needs a lift.  Better yet  invite a friend over and put this music on.  I guarantee it will warm you  up like nothing else can.
B00000DQT7|5.0|I have a collection of more than 500 rock cds.  This is my number one of all time.  This has it all.  Great songwriting about life and America (what other rock album has songs about:  grandparents, farming, the Civil War  along with songs about girls! ).  Even the album cover is a masterpiece.   <br />If you don't buy this one, you aren't really serious about building a  great collection...
B00000018N|5.0|The &quot;concept&quot; is a bit silly if you pause to consider it, and the overdubbing is a bit obtrusive if you listen too closely, but this album will win you over with its whimsy if you let it, will waft you into a  Dickensian world of its own. <br />(I also recommend &quot;Pentatonic Scales  for the Jazz Rock Keyboardist&quot;  by Jeff Burns, a method book.)
0060920084|4.0|If you have spent time travelling within the states and also travelled abroad, you will probably love this book.  To truly appreciate it, you need to have the perspective that comes from having spent some amount of time  outside the good old USA.  Bill Bryson has the incredible knack of being  able to put into words many of the thoughts that go racing through my mind  when encountering some bizarre bit of Americana.  I must admit to laughing  so hard that I cried, then re-reading the same passage with the same  results.
079213690X|5.0|When I saw this movie, I knew it is the best movie ever! Mel Gibson playes the perfect role for William Wallace. Further I wanted to say that all his movies are great, like Lethal Weapon 1,2,3,4 etc.
630575067X|5.0|Although this movie is much more comercial than the original triology, and with much less &quot;wisdom&quot;, the special effects are breath-taking, the set-ups are great, as well as the music, costumes and characters. Some  parts are slow, but the movie is worth it, Im a Star Wars fan, and I  wasnt dissapointed at all, I think George Lucas did a great job, as well  as the ILM.
0684847248|5.0|I first read &quot;The Road Less Traveled&quot; at a rather low point in my life.  I needed something, but I wasn't sure what.  This book was it!  So many of Dr. Peck's insights really hit home.  I felt he had written the  book for and about me.  For once I felt as if someone really understood me,  and I felt that I understood myself and my life much better.  This is no  doubt due to the fact that love and spirituality are subjects which we all  must deal with on some level.  I suspect that those who don't like this  book or don't &quot;get it&quot; are those who aren't ready to accept the  messages it contains.  The section about Love is one of the best writings  on this subject I have ever read, and the author's thoughts on Grace will  be of interest to many.  Some may not agree with certain aspects of the  book, e.g., religious views or the merits of psychiatry. But there is still  enough thought-provoking content to interest the open-minded individual.  I  highly recommend this book to anyone seeking personal growth who has the  courage to look at his or her life honestly.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Antichrist Superstar is an incredible CD. It has a lot of meanings and emotions. It is so much different from the other Manson albums (except for In the Shadow of the Valley of Death, but that hasn't come out yet). There  are only a few song that I dont like that much, but still, lyrically they  are still great. A lot of the lyrics written also would be much better  understood if you have read the Long Hard Road Out of Hell. This explains  the meaning of many of the songs, especially Kinderfeld, Man that you Fear,  ect.
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles....divine and utterly human at the same time. This record is an exceptional improvisation and emotional bomb.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Human Clay is a great extension from My Own Prison.  &quot;Songs like &quot;Arms Wide Open&quot; about   rejoicing the anticipation of his son's birth, and &quot;Higher&quot; are dead on Creed.  The harder songs, while  not as over the top like MOP, have lighter outlooks on life while staying  edgy.  This a great album for those who liked the first cd, and for those  who want clean, thought provoking lyrics.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|Kevin Costner may have made Dances With Wolves , but director Mike Mann's Last Of The Mohicans rivals Dances.Daniel Day Lewis gives a heartfelt performance as the brave Hawkeye. Russel Means gives an incredible and  powerful performance as Chingoshgook.And the music is  no less than  perfect.If you have not seen this on DVD the music to the title is  incredible I, swear they probly used every instrument on this epic and  powerful film.<br />     In a world war torn by seathing conflict and on the  frontier one brave man in the middle who is the last of a dissapearing  tribe.Must fight for his destiny and to free his people from constant  war.Along the way he befriends a beautiful woman from the opposing  side.When he falls madly in love for her he must fight not only for her  love but for his tribe as well.<br />     This is a masterpeice and the battle  scenes at Fort Willam Henry is impressive and realistic. The Last Of The  Mohicans in this version is whole diffrent movie youll understand why mike  mann wanted it to be this way.The sound will blow you out of your house  when you play it in dolby digital it's also in THX so for those who don't  have that kind of sound system can still enjoy the sound.It's an epic  modern day classic your sure to want to watch as many times as you can. An  amazing and thought prevoking film.
B000002B7O|5.0|This CD along with &quot;Ozzmosis&quot;, &quot;Tribute&quot;, and &quot;Speak of the Devil&quot; are among Ozzy's best recordings. All the songs are great. The only song that should have been left out is  S.A.T.O.&quot;Little Dolls&quot; is one of my all-time favorite Ozzy  songs.I love this album! It is worth spending your money on this CD! Ozzy  never puts out a weak album!
B000021XR5|4.0|Ok, so maybe Stone Temple Pilots are not the most original group out there.  But, with No. 4, the produce a 'feel-good' record that satisfies the seemingly forgotten rock fan in a music world invested with talentless  teen-idol pop music.  STP has songs here that seem like they can be from  any of the last four decades, showing that the group is growing musically  (despite all of Scott's drug setbacks)        &quot;Atlanta&quot;, &quot;I  Got You&quot; and &quot;Sour Girl&quot; are all 60s sounding songs that are  a refreshing break from the adrenalen-pumping songs that have been STP's  trademark.  The softer, more melodic side adds a new edge to songs such as  &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;MC5&quot; which have as much angst as the Limp  Bizkits and Korns of the music world.  They two sides to the band's music  add greater depth to their arsenal.  Of course, the influence of Pearl Jam  and Led Zeppelin remains, but with No. 4, STP ventures into new realms for  a band seeking to distinguish themselves from the post-grunge crowd.    Really, if you like rock, this is the best album of the year (other than  NINs The Fragile) and you'll enjoy it for years to come.
B0000025KI|5.0|This album brings back a lot of bittersweet memories in as much it was released a few months before the US began the slide into Reaganism.  It represents the last gasp of American greatness before it all went sour.   The songs on this album typify the American dream from the melancholy  Independence Day to the sheer brilliance of Point Blank and the exuberant  Sherry Darling.  Springsteen brings a raffish charm to this album, a  chronicle of everyday America set to music.  The fact that Reagan himself  tried to exploit Born In the USA for his own evil purposes may have been a  stigma to other artists, but Springsteen's immediate condemnation of Reagan  made him a hero to many, especially those outside the US who could see the  American dream being destroyed more and more each day under Reagan.  An  excellent album, it should be listened to by everybody who cannot live in  the US or share in the American dream.
630420065X|2.0|Your impossible misson? Trying to watch this movie, and finding anything comprehensible about the plot. Tom Cruise said in an interview that it IS possible to follow the plot (but, obviously there is a problem if he has to  point that out!). But does that mean one has to rewind certain sections  five times, to get all the dialogue details? Movies are not like books. In  theaters, you can't flip back five pages, to refresh in your mind who a  certain character is. So things should be spelled out with CLARITY.  Something this film is woefully lacking. Having said that, DePalma is a  great stylist-director, and as a music video, this isn't a total loser. But  as a movie, it is.
6305750750|4.0|I look at The Phantom Menace and I see a very good film.  An excellent story line, breath-taking special effects, and wonderful acting all put together into one amazing feature.  There are just a few minor problems  with this film as the beginning of the Star Wars saga.     Even longer than  I can recall I have been entranced by the epic saga of the Star Wars films.   I saw the magic that George Lucas can create, but this film has lost a  small portion of that magic.  While I do agree that the effects on this  film were astonishing, I feel that computers were over-used.  Anyone who  has seen the original trilogy knows that Mr. Lucas &amp; Lucasfilm don't  need all of this modern technology &amp; CGI to take our breath away, but  now that they have it they don't know where to draw the line.  The special  editions of the originals were fabulously done because all they did was  mainly a touch-up job with the re-addition of some cut scenes.  On Episode  1 however, everything uses computers.  They created an entire race (the  Gungans) that never showed up on the set.  They made shields for ships,  droids, and even live characters that appear on screen with a bluish tint.   Lucas never had to use computers to come up with characters or alien races  that captivated his audience, look at Chewie, the Ewoks, or the entire  cantina scene from the first movie.  The original films, and even the  special editions of them, did fabulous without the audience seeing the  Millenium Falcon's deflector shields, we just knew they were there (in  fact, the lack of those shields allowed us to see the pain-staking detail  that had been put into the ship), and if they weren't there we were always  told about it (&quot;Chewie, we're losing our rear deflector  shield!&quot;).  In this day and age everyone uses computers and CGI, and  everyone tries to do it better than the last guy.  If your reading this,  Mr. Lucas, my advice is don't jump on that bandwagon.  If you want to  really shock andamaze people show them what you can do _without_  computers, not with them.  Show us that you can do without CGI technology  what most people couldn't even do with it like a lot of us already know.   Also, back on the subject of ships, the only ship that I remember from this  is the Naboo Fighter.  I didn't expect the Falcon, X-wings, Y-wings, Star  Destroyes, TIE Fighters, or Slave 1 to show up, but there were no really  memorable or outstanding vessels on this movie.  How many of the ships on  this movie actually had a name?  I never heard any, just types of ships  (i.e. the afore mentioned Naboo Fighter).  Why is that?     Now the  characters in this film are fabulous, and very well portrayed by the actors  and actresses cast for them.  These are character that we know, or even  better, that we _thought_ we knew but are just now learning the details of.   And the new additions to the Star Wars family are just as intriguing.  The  one exception would be Jar Jar Binks.  I am not one of the &quot;death to  Jar Jar&quot; people, but it is obvious that this character was designed  only to bring in the younger viewers.  Based on opinions I got from other  viewers after watching the film (at least 20 after each of the 6 times I  saw it), it seems that this character appeals to the age group of 5 and  below.  What they are not taking into account is that in 1977 they didn't  have a Barney wannabe and it still captivated several children in that very  age group, myself included.  I wasn't even 2 yet, but my mother took me to  see Star Wars and she swares that I never turned away from the screen and  never made a sound to interupt it; and I have met over 100 people with  similar stories since I have been on-line.     Even with the defects I have  named above though, this is still an excellent film.  The story alone is  enough to outweigh the defects, but when you add to that the great  characters and marvelous acting it still turns out a masterpiece.  I  commend George Lucas, and the entire cast &amp; crew, for the they work put  into this film.  I give 4 out of 5 stars, the faults listed above being the  reasons for the loss of that 5th star.  Congratulations, Mr. Lucas, you've  done it again.
0790734060|5.0|The cinematography is astounding.  The costumes are breathtaking.  Tom Hulce, as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, transports the viewer back to late 18th century Vienna.  Mozart is no longer a stale, two-dimensional child  prodigy, but a vibrant, humorous, sometimes lewd, flawed, and, tragically,  short-lived genius. Merely mentioning his name calls to mind the pinnacle  of human brilliancy.  Other major characters, such as F. Murray Abraham as  Antonio Salieri (Mozart's purported nemesis), are equally captivating.  Any  history or classic music fan must see this masterpiece.  Need I even  mention the music?
0679746048|4.0|I liked it but sometimes they jumped back in time and totally surprised me. Overall, it was really good. <br />I felt for the author. It has to hard to be in a mental institution. And for 2 years?  Wow. She must've been  brave.<br />But one thing hit me. Almost everyone has some feelings like  theses people did. (I know, I know, not everyone wants to kill theirselves)  but some of the feelings are feelings people experience everyday.<br />So does  that mean everyone's a little crazy... :)
B000001FT2|3.0|this is definitely a good grace album, but i don't really think it deserves all the hype it gets. whereas &quot;pull up to the bumper&quot; is a good dance track, it is not the masterpiece some people say it is.  &quot;walking in the rain&quot; is another song that sort of rubs me the  wrong way-the percussion gets too boring and not very pleasing to the ear  (in my opinion, anyway). &quot;use me&quot; is one of my favorites-it's a  song where the jamaican rhythm does it good instead of negatively.  &quot;art groupie&quot;, &quot;libertango&quot;, and &quot;feel up&quot;  are also good tracks. whereas i still recommend buying this if u like  grace, i don't see it as a masterpiece like many others do.
B0000020C4|5.0|This is the musical that got me into musicals.  I have heard the OBC, CSR, and have also seen this show twice in person.  The 10th anniversary is definitely the best recording I have heard unless you can see it live.  The  10th anniversary introduced me to Colm Wilkinson, the original Valjean, and  he is great!  Lea Salonga plays a wonderful Eponine.  The whole cast is  just excellent! It's no wonder, more than half of this cast has played  major roles in other musicals.  If you can afford one Les Miserables CD,  this is the one to get.  With the live audience, it makes you feel as if  you're right there in the theatre. I just can't wait until they do a 20th  anniversary!
B000001FTH|4.0|grace jones is a very interesting person and performer, and this album showcases some of her best stuff. i love the song &quot;la vie en rose&quot;-i didn't even think it was grace when i first heard it. the  piano part is beautiful as is the percussion. &quot;i need a man&quot; is  another very good one, a song that would go great on the dance floor.  &quot;do or die&quot; is actually maybe my favorite on the whole album-but  buy the &quot;fame&quot; album and listen to the full version instead of  the edited. there are also a couple of duds on this, too. &quot;my jamaican  guy&quot; is too damn repetitous to be that much fun, and the editing on  &quot;slave to the rhythm&quot; is sort of poor, wherease if they left it  alone it would be the classic it is. other than the editing, this is worth  your money.
B000023VR9|5.0|This is really cool album with explosive urban beats.  If you are easily offended, however, I would get the edited version.  Still D.R.E. rules the track.This is definetly the rap album of the year.  Plus, amazon.com has  the best rate on the entire internet.
6305750750|5.0|Great movie...better than the first three.  More action, better special effects, better action scenes.  Ewan MacGregor and LIAM NIESON (especially Liam) were awesome.
6301978587|4.0|The music was absolutely fanastic,I loved Barbara Striesand.  It was a real relevation, I'd thought it was only going to be a movie for oldies.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I wish people would quit basing their judgement of this movie on the 1939 Wizard of Oz.  The '39 movie is a better movie, yes, but Return to Oz is better OZ, as anyone who has read the books can tell you.  The books are in fact often very dark and frightening, as this movie also often is.<br />Return  to Oz does an admirable job of combining elements of the two books that  followed The Wonderful Wizard of Oz into one story, with the addition of an  expanded Kansas storyline.  The performances are wonderful all around, as  are the special effects (including groundbreaking-for-its-time claymation.)   And true Ozophiles will catch numerous glimpses of many characters from  the books in the final triumphant scenes, which is a nice little added  bonus.  Of the rash of fantasy films of this type that came out in the mid  80's (think Legend, Neverending Story, etc.), this is by far one of the  very best.   For fans of fantasy, or just good movies in general, I cannot  recommend Return to Oz enough.
1570427496|5.0|THIS WAS THE FIRST BOOK OF THIS AUTHORS I HAVE READ.  IT WAS RECOMMENDED TO ME AFTER MY 16 YEAR OLD SONS GIRLFRIEND DIE OF LEUKEMIA THIS YEAR.   I WAS SO PLEASED WITH THE WAY THE AUTHOR HANDLED IT AS A LOVE STORY AND NOT A  STORY ABOUT DEATH.  NEEDLESS TO SAY I SHED MANY TEARS WHILE READING THE  BOOK.  I HAVE PUT IT AWAY TO KEEP FOR MY SON AND HOPE WHEN HIS PAIN IS NOT  SO NEW HE WILL READ IT.   OUR &quot;JAMIE&quot; DIED 4 WEEKS INTO CHEMO  AFTER RELAPSING.   THIS BOOK LET ME SEE WHAT OUR LIVES WOULD HAVE BEEN HAD  SHE LINGERED FOR A LENGTHY TIME.   IT ALSO LET ME INVISION WHAT OUR WEDDING  MAY HAVE BEEN LIKE HAD SHE HAVE LIVED LONGER.  THE EMOTIONS THIS AUTHOR HAD  HIS CHARACTERS EXEMPLIFY WERE VERY ACCURATE BASED ON OUR LIVES THE LAST  YEAR.    I WILL DEFINITELY READ HIS OTHER BOOKS
B00000IGGA|3.0|here's the deal, folks: THIS ALBUM IS INCREDIBLY AVERAGE.  it's hard for me to believe the praise that is being heaped on this record, which is in many ways the weakest of Waits' career.  where were all of you when Tom was  releasing true masterpieces like BONE MACHINE or SWORDFISHTROMBONES?  my  only guess is that the majority of those who are so impressed with MULE  VARIATIONS must be &quot;new&quot; fans who simply don't know any better.   trust me, kids: the stuff on this record is such a regression that it  verges on parody.  go out and get the records i mentioned above (or RAIN  DOGS, FRANKS WILD YEARS, or THE BLACK RIDER) and you'll see what i mean.   now, enough with all this &quot;Best Record of 1999&quot; nonsense....
6305750750|3.0|For starters, the Phantom Menace is one that needed a little more ummfff- or some more pazzaz.  It contained some errors that I hope won't blunder the entire STAR WARS storyline.    However, the movie does present itself  as a science fiction movie should - dazzingly, imaginative, and stunning,  as well as a good storyline.  But the story was plagued in some ways.  It  left me with a lot of questions that I hope will be answered by Lucas in  the next movies yet to come.  For instance, How come Qui-Gon didn't  disappear?, Why does Anakin not have a father?, and What was Jar-Jar's  role?    Whatever the disappointment we may have felt, the movie was  terrific if not entertaining.  It surpassed many other movies I saw during  the year and made me yearing for George to write and make the next two.   The movie goes to show us that you don't need violence (bloodshed) and  nudity to make a moviegoers go wild.
630575067X|4.0|I'm very sorry to hear that this movie fell short of George Lucas's hopeful expectations, but it has its truly inspiring moments anyhow. The action sequences will truly take your breath away as well as the  eye-popping ariel shooting of the majestic cities that may one day  represent our own cities several thousand years from now. And the young  queen who ascended the throne so early in her life is the most fascinating  character of all, with her really bizarre hairdos and her plucky exploits.  The story, however drags on a little and I did squirm about in my seat at  those times. In addition, there are some pretty silly parts like the king  of the swamp shaking his jowls until his spittle flies everywhere and a  desert mount suddenly breaking wind for no good reason. But the special  effects, especially produced by the sophisticated computer technology of  the '90s are quite beautiful and awe-inspiring to watch. So go enjoy the  ride nevertheless!
0060926317|5.0|You have to get this book it's just simply wonderful.  This is a book about life and our spirits and how we view our world.  I'm going to give it as a gift to everybody I know. In short- buy it now and thank me later.
B000002N3J|5.0|Who really would not remember Madonna, with the legacy of music she's given us she's kind of hard to forget. This is a great compilation of ballads from Madonna's softer side spanning a portion of her career. This  entire disc is great, my favorite song is &quot;This Used To Be My  Playground&quot;, easy song for anyone to relate to who has childhood  memories of a special place where special memories were made, a place that  might be gone due to change, or a place that only existed in your childhood  dreams. This disc will give you the opportunity to see another side of  Madonna, a side of her that has a place inside of us.
B00003003R|5.0|This CD is simply awesome!  There are a few songs that are either poor quality or just not that good, but all in all, you get a great sample of some of GNR's greatest music.  Nightrain, Rocket Queen, and Estranged sound  even better live.  If you are a GNR fan, this is certainly a must-buy.
B000002MUW|5.0|The photos in the booklet alone are an extra to this disc, Madonna with a Jean Harlow look. &quot;Secret&quot; and &quot;Take A Bow&quot; two of the tracks with the most airplay are among my favorites along with countless  other Madonna fans. &quot;Inside Of Me&quot; is a song that can be taken in  different aspects, if someone very close to you has passed on you can  relate to the lyrics, if you've lost a love in an ill fated relationship  you can relate also. The tracks seem to flow evenly into the next, and like  I said, this disc will not put you to sleep.
0553269631|5.0|I read this book in 1967. I was 13 and had recently left a lifetime of reading horse stories behind and had begun that journey beyond. For whatever reasons, this book stunned and mezmorized me. And it defined  somehow the literary course I would follow into the future, from Flannery  O'Conner to even the likes of Geek Love by Dunn. A strange fascination...
B00002Z88D|4.0|I have been a huge Metallica fan since 1990, and I have got to say that this is extremely creative. It took a VERY long time for me to like their 2 LOAD albums, because I realized that when their older material was released  James was in his early 20's and he had one hell of a voice. Now at 36, he  still has a good voice but not like the one on Master Of Puppets. They are  rock legends with long hair or short. It doesn't matter.
B000000993|5.0|Undertow succeeds where all other albums in this genre fail: they mix intelligence, skill, power AND vulnerability into an evocative mix that is instantly grantifying.  We have all had bad days of one sort or another.   The brilliance of Tool, and with this album especially, is that they know  how to bring out the same emotions tied to all bad days (frustration, pain,  despair, impotence, etc.) in not only their lyrics, but their music as  well.  Every aspect combines to perfectly encapsulate their particular  mission in each song.  Buy Undertow if you have ever hurt, and have more  than a dab of intelligence.
0805062971|5.0|Unfortunately I saw the movie first, although it I did love the film.  The premise behind this story is so incredible....it just continues to blow my mind how accurate albeit outrageous, some of this story is.  The movie and  book are exactly the same....I've gone so far as to underline passages of  the book I find them so amazing.  Some may find it to be too violent or  extremist, but look below the surface and all of humanity comes briming to  the top.  It's a worthwhile read, if you can stomach the dark side!
6305750750|4.0|I think the reason The Phantom Menace has gotten some bad press has everything to due with unrealistic expectations and nothing to do with what is an excellent movie.  Too many people went looking for the thrill of the  original movie and when they didn't get that magical moment I think they  were a little turned off.  My point would be that the original movies were  just that the originals.  They came out of nowhere and delivered before our  eyes something we had never seen before.  Since these new movies are built  off of what has already been done how can we really expect something with  the same power?<br />I for one thoroughly enjoyed the movie and actually went  back to see it in the theater twice more.  It moved along relatively  quickly with only the middle portion of the movie stalling slightly.   Special effects where tremendous with the creations of Naboo and Coruscant  an absolutely breathtaking visual feat.  <br />I had some problems with Darth  Maul in that he never really semmed very &quot;Evil&quot; no strangling of  people in a vaderesque manner but I suppose as some other reviewers have  indicated this could have been intentional so as not to distract viewers  from the hidden threat that has not yet fully revealed itself.  <br />Jar Jar  Binks was pretty annoying the first time but I found that each time I saw  the film I found him a bit more acceptable.  I actually understood  everything he said the second time I saw it and found him pretty  amusing.<br />Some portrayals of the battle scenes where really silly such as  the Gungans and Droid armies facing off like some battle of the Ancient  world with Romans against the barbarians.  I mean they had all these high  tech weapons and instead of fighting the way we would today over massive  land areas they marched out into an open field and lined up.  For cinematic  effect I guess it had to be that way but it personnally annoyed me.  <br />I  found the potrayal of the Jedi in the movie to fascinatingand the  lightsabre battle at the end was one of the most impressive battle scenes I  have ever scene.
0393314804|5.0|The honesty and orginality of this work is refreshing and exciting. For the first time in my memory (aside from my viewing of the subsequent movie) I felt that an accurate and unbiased view of a very seedy sort of lifestyle  was presented to me. The characters are not glamorized, nor are they  condemed for their choices. They are just that - choices - and the reader  is left to form his/her own opinion. <br />Admittedly, it is rough going at  first due to the Scottish phonics. But stick with it for a few chapters,  read aloud when you have to and you will get use to it. By the end, the  words will have ceased to be a challenge and will have become great fun.  <br />I highly recommend it for anyone desiring a new outlook on what is  beginning to become a tired story. You will not find the usual prejudice,  pity, riducule or sappiness attached to other similar stories. One warning:  Parents, please read it before passing it on to your teen kids. The  language can be strong and drugs, sex and other 'vices' are pervasive.
B000000W5L|2.0|i loved every stones album until this one, which is weak sloppy messy boring &amp; not memorable.  i own the cd but i copied the best 8 out of 18 songs onto a tape with the best songs from Some Girls.  sticky fingers was  the last great stones album.  they should now be permanently retired.
B000009DUY|5.0|I'm kind of disappointed at the fact that some of the reviewers are not happy with the soundtrack because it's &quot;boring&quot; and doesn't have a big, grandiose &quot;star wars-like&quot; theme.  The theme, as many  before me have pointed out, is repeated through some of the tracks.  To  make the music &quot;big&quot; is besides the point. The point of the music  is not to glorify war or the movie, but to be more of a tribute and an  accompament (I can't spell) to the movie.  The music is beautiful.  My  favorite, of course, is Hymn to the Fallen.  It is moving and inspiring.   The pieces in this soundtrack bring back images from the movie especially  tracks such as Omaha Beach and The Last Battle.  Even if you have not seen  the movie, the music is beautiful and soulful.  It is a fitting tribute to  those who have fallen and the veterans who are still with us today.
B0000025DT|5.0|When I was a senior in high school, a geeky kid in one of my classes was asked what his favorite group was.  He responeded that it was ELO.  I cringed.  Not because I didn't like ELO, but because in 1986, it was very  uncool to let anyone know you did like them.  But, now I'll shout it to the  world - I LOVE ELO!   Don't get me wrong, they are not in the same musical  league as the Beatles, Bob Dylan, The Stones or Led Zeppelen, but they are  a wonderful group, (or I should say Jeff Lynne is a wonderful artist).  I  love all types of music, from the Sex Pistals and the Clash, to Miles Davis  to David Bowie, the Beatles, the Who, Zeppelen, the Stones etc....  And I  get as much pure pleasure out of listening to ELO as I do any of those  artists.  So, while ELO may not be the most edgy or ground-breaking group,  anyone who likes great pop music will absolutely love this album.  There  are so many incredibly perfect pop compositions on this record that it  nearly qualifies as a greatest hits compilation.  But, it's not, it is  simply one of the greatest pop studio albums ever released.
1556587864|3.0|it's a trip out film.Sharon Stone does a good job here.i think she is extremely overrated.but she does well in this thriller.Michael Douglas is in his usual victim role.the ending hurts it alot.
1559408898|5.0|This is one of those movies which is largely unappreciated; most people watch it because of the cool hero and the awesome (if somewhat campy) special effects, especially the animation for ED-209.  But the movie also  has a lot to say about the nature of consciousness, and about where the  machine ends and the person begins in modern mechanized society.  The  feature-length commentary adds a lot of context to the movie, and the added  footage adds a lot to the movie; in the scene where Murphy is executed by  Clarence's gang, his death has a lot more impact, and therefore, we end up  feeling even more sympathy for him than we did before.  If you liked the  theatrical release of RoboCop, the DVD is definitely worth the money.
0140277447|5.0|I bought this book at an author book signing and subsequent keynote speech. The speech was a pre-dinner gig for a large group of around 500 Asian Americans in May 1999. She came across as a very passionate, fiery  overzealous person, which almost turned me off the book.<br />At any rate, I  started reading it on my daily train ride to/from work and finished it in  about 2 weeks. For people who have weak stomachs, I suggest you either  learn to deal with gorey narrative or skip this book. It's not for the weak  of mind and stomach. Her thoughtful and thorough research reveals a China  that was utterly disgraced by Japanese soldiers, and in doing so, Chang  really challenges you to re-think WWII history.<br />The book flows quite well  for the most part. I did however, start squirming at some of the more  gruesome descriptions of Japanese soldiers pillaging innocent Chinese  citizens. I even skipped a couple of pages outright. Personally, I found  these passages overkill, especially since there is a center insert with  photos of some of the atrocities committed. I'm not sure if these images  were included for shock value, but for me, they were more disturbing than  anything. <br />Chang writes a thought-provoking account of unspeakable  events. For years, there was official denial of the events, but for the  first time, we see a comprehensive and coherent statement of human  brutality. Highly recommended.
B000002UB3|5.0|Should be on every Beatle's collectors list. &quot;Come Together&quot; and &quot;Polythene Pam&quot; are my two personal favorites. Strong lyrics and excellent guitar riffs accompanied by Ringo's brilliant drums make this an  essential Beatles CD.
B000001FTQ|5.0|Sorry to be contentious, but any neophytes out there should know--'Bad' live is only bested by one song in U2's catalogue--'One Tree Hill' on the Joshua Tree. Evidence, you ask?  The song is so powerful to the band, they  won't even PLAY it anymore.  This live version of 'Bad' is the definitive  U2 commercially available, but we can still dream about One Tree Hill live.
B00002MZ4W|1.0|the way she has been written about i thought she might be talented as Tori Amos? wrong.she is more closer to a bargin basement version of Jewel.this cd showcases nothing.weak vocals,lyrics&amp;run of the mill music.
B000002B5L|4.0|Yo the Fugees have (or should I say had) some serious talent and a great mix of rappers, and most of these tracks really are classics, but quite a few are unnecessary and I have a few ideas on what kinds of tracks they  should have done more on. First off, Cowboys is unnecessary and I seriously  think that hip hop and the west dont mix, as shown by Will Smith's pitiful  movie. But getting back on track, this cd is hot, with a great mix of  soulful Lauryn Hill r and b (Killing Me Softly), songs that mix rap and r  and b (Ready or Not and Fugeela), and dark but great pieces like the title  track. Also check out the offbeat How Many Mics, the well sampled Zealots,  Manifest and the remixes. Peace out.
B000002BBY|1.0|it's one thing to influenced by someone it's another to ride on there coattails.Oasis just takes a plenty from the Beatles.they may play there own instruments but a Puffy Daddy is a Puffy Daddy.meaning come up with  something Original and your own.the vocals and the music arrangements are  riding all on the Lennon&amp;Mccartney pen &amp;riffs.they are way to cocky  as well.at best they are a 2nd tier band.
0385484518|4.0|People rarely want to discuss death in such a frank and heart-breaking manner.  Most people don't even want to think about it at all.  Yet it is going to happen to all of us someday.  The key is can we make our death  meaningful to those who love us and care for us?  Well, Morrie managed to  do that for Mitch Albom and in the process Mitch has given us this  wonderful gift of a book.  I found it to be inspirational and gut-renching  at the same time which is rare indeed. Please read this book if you have  forgotten how to &quot;stop and smell the roses&quot;.  It is the little  things in life that truly are the most valuable, like love, laughter and  good health.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I found this CD ina used cd section of a local music store here in my town and I could not believe it. This cd is too great for someone to give up. I listen to it daily and absolutely love PUT YOUR LIGHTS ON with Everlast.
6303148352|5.0|This movie is old yet it is one of the best movies ever made. The actors are the best &quot;Sam Neil,Samuel L. Jackson.&quot; And the dinosaures look so real. This movie is worth the money!
0553577123|5.0|This book truly does not need my rating - it has withstood the test of time.  I started out by reading the definitive edition first, and I'm glad I did.  I can't imagine reading an edited version - it just wouldn't be the same.  On a personal note, I find it sadly ironic that Anne got to be the  famous writer that she so much longed to be.
B000002P2W|4.0|Despite the fact that it was chosen as this album's radio single, despite the fact that most radio singles tend to be far from the best number on the albums they're taken from, they got it right this time. The sexual double  entendre in the song was the first to draw attention away from &quot;Louie  Louie&quot;, which no one has ever been sure about anyway. A friend of mind  and I were speculating about what might have happened if the late Lawrence  Welk had noticed the song but hadn't spotted the double meaning, so he puts  it on the show one week; &quot;...on accordion is our own Myron Floren, and  on vocals are of course...the liddle Lennon Sisters.&quot;
B000001FVL|5.0|Thats the way  it is. Altought I didnt speak nor understand English the first time I listen to this amazing album (early 80s), I became surprised of this masterpiece. Recently I had the opportunity to get this album on CD  format, and I have to tell you that theres nothing compared to sit down on  a couch at night with the lights off, closer to the window, and turn on the  CD player and listen to the songs of the Buggles. I like all the tracks of  the album, specially &quot;Elstree&quot; song. If you are on the mood of  &quot;let your mind go&quot;, you cant miss this album.
6305627347|5.0|This is without question the funniest movie I have ever seen.  However, the pleasant surprise of this movie -- what makes it truly great -- is not the humor.  The musical score, the lyrics, the &quot;choreography&quot;,  the plot and the wicked satire were all extraordinary and nuanced.  <br />What  little of the TV show I have seen I liked, but this movie is a landmark.   The movie also performs the following feat--the gratuitous swearing is so  exaggerated that it becomes part of the satire and actually adds a lot to  the movie.  <br />Everyone should see this one eventually, but parents--watch  it alone before you watch it with your kids.  This movie assumes an ugly  identity if it is taken at face value, so if your kids aren't mature enough  to understand the meta-humor, they probably shouldn't watch it.   Nevertheless, this is a great movie in all respects.
6305127638|5.0|How can you not love what Star Trek and Star Wars stand for? It's all about good against bad and it will always be like that, like it or not. You will never see Piccard or Nr. 1 on the 'other' side, as everyone calls it.  The Borg has always been the favorite of the next generation Star Trek fans  and everyone get what they want out of this picture. The special effects  are amazing and if that, alone, is your poison, then this flick won't  disappoint! I love the addition of some human exploits in the Borg  community with Alice Krige's carracter and her encounter with Lieutenant  Data, this has got to become a Star Trek classic! What is it we all look  for in Star Trek TV series but don't get? It's the spectacual special  effects that motion pictures can efford and rest assured, you'll get it all  in this one! If you're a fan of this, as I am, then it's a must. Go buy it,  now!
6305750750|5.0|This movie just blow me away. Everything about it was great and truly pure star wars. Whether it is the podracing scene, the final lightsaber battle between Qui, Ben, and Maul, or even the scrolling summary. If you love star  wars or any type of sci fi inparticular (with an exception to Star Trek)  You must see this movie. When I went to see it in the thetre five times, it  seemed as if the entire audience was entranced by the force. I hope the  next two episodes are as good. I can't wait for the collecter's edition to  come out. Not only will it have the widescreen version with it, it will  also have some film and the book. George, you've done it again. If you'd  like to contact me, you can email me at evil_palpy@bolt.com
0920668372|5.0|My sister-in- law read this book at my baby shower after my son was born. Everyone there was in tears! She gave me a copy for Christmas and one day I read it two times in my son's room while he was sleeping and cried each  time. Then I read it to my husband while he was holding our boy and we both  cried! It touches me so because it is not only about being a mother, it is  about having a mother and experiencing both kinds of mother love. I think  it's more for adults than kids!
B000003RCY|5.0|&quot;Amazing&quot; is to simple and unexpressive a word to reveal my awe at hearing this German industrial-metal band. Marking their debut, this cd was enough to propel them to mega-stardom in their native Germany. Once you  hear it you will understand why. Although completely sung in the German  language, you will find yourself delightfully giddy at hearing Lindemann  (the lead singer) and his fellow band members belt out songs with an  intensity i've yet to see matched. Really amazing and worth your money,  even if you don't speak German!  You listen to this and you will find  yourself buying as much Rammstein stuff as you can get your hands on!  I  did!
0800141709|5.0|Without hesitation I always regard Dr. Strangelove as the greatest film of all time.  Whenever I watch it with someone new that hasn't seen it, I am constantly saying, 'Oh, this is the best part! This is great.'  and then  two minutes later I'm saying again, 'Oh, this is the best part!'  It is  just one after another, after another collection of great scenes and  memorable lines.<br />The only complaint I have with the DVD version is that  it is not wide screen or multi-formatted like the description implied, and  it doesn't have English sub-titles for the hearing impaired.
B0000057C5|5.0|Rammstein's second album is a step above their debut!  Pack with the intense vocals of Till Lindemann and the odd techno-metal mix of guitars, drums, and piano, this volcanically charged cd will MAKE you head bang!   &quot;I don't know German&quot; you say, not to worry the sound of the  songs are enough to keep you hooked. this album was my first Rammstein  exposure and it was good enough to make me take a german course just to  have a better view of the songs(yes i know there are translations).  Sehnsucht (meaning &quot;longing&quot;) is the initial tune that introduces  you to the rest of the album, which steadily gets better and better and  better!  Listen for creepy sounds, vocal manipulations, and perhaps the  catchiest sounding songs ever in songs like &quot;Engel&quot;, &quot;Spielt  mit Mir&quot; and so on. And as a special treat keep your cd player on  after song number eleven for an English track!  This hidden song, called  &quot;Stripped&quot;, is just to damn cool to ignore. Definitely a  revolutionary album with amazing potency. DO NOT MISS IT!
6302787564|5.0|I remember the very first time I saw this movie. I was about 16 or 17 years old and was flipping through channels on cable TV. All of a sudden, I saw this wacky scene with Michael Douglas losing it in a convenience store owned by a Korean guy. I watched on through Bill Foster's (Douglas) walk  through the city; through Gangland (as it was called), Whammy Burger, an  Army-Navy store owned by a racist Nazi, a rich folks' villa, and more.  Falling Down is a well-written, superbly performed film about an ordinary  man driven over the edge. I'll admit, I have only seen a handful of Michael  Douglas movies, but I will still say that this was one of the most powerful  performances I have ever seen him in. If you don't see this movie for any  other reason, see it because Michael Douglas is the MAN!
B00000269A|4.0|I quite enjoy this album, sometimes it is near silent &amp; other times upbeat classy funk. It is usually seen as the start of Miles' great electric period, it is similar to the very groovy &amp; sometimes laidback  Jack Johnson lp but not as heavily over the top funky as ON THE CORNER.  It's a very pleasant listen anyway &amp; it makes sense to be 10 years  after Kind Of Blue, the same mood but more modern sounding...
B00000K2SC|3.0|This is definitely a guy's movie, but still is actually not to bad.  I like the premise of the movie, but Keanu is just a little bit to skinny and pale for my personal taste.  I'm not impressed with his acting either.   Other than that the movie's good, I would recommend watching it to anybody;  it's worth the time.  Rent it first before you buy it though.
B000002XYG|5.0|I just wanted to point out that vinyl does sound a bit different to the cd, particularly on Novacane, also you get the collage poster &amp; Bong Load sticker. Yes it's a good album, we all know that, but the best is  STEREOPATHETIC SOUL MANURE which for some reason never hit the charts like  this.
B00000I8UE|4.0|...... yes ..... Kind of Blue is the greatest recording of all time ...... as an artist Cassandra captures the essence of the music ..... we heard her live before listening to the recording ...... the spouse surprised with the  recording as a gift on our anniversary ...... it captures the beauty of the  live performance ..... we listen because of our love for the music on Kind  of Blue ..... yes
B000003TAN|5.0|This album seems to be forgotten or neglected to joke status by a fair few people but I think it is just as outstanding as any 'proper' SY album like EVOL etc. Tracks like Macbeth [&amp; its remix] &amp; Third fig are superb  music, whilst 2 Cool Rock chicks listening to Neu[!] &amp; the rap version  of Making The Nature Scene are inventive &amp; smart. A sequel, though  unrealistic &amp; irrelevant, would be welcomed.
6305263248|3.0|The plot was ok but overall the movie was kind of dry. Not what I would expect from DeNiro.
B00002Z88D|5.0|this is a perfect tribute to the greatest and most evergreen bands of all time.... throughout thier career, Metallica have made music that they love, not bothering about the current market likes and dislikes....... this is  another example of just that. They have a happy knack doing something  that's refreshing. This is pretty much he ultimate album for all Metallica  faithfulls and a starting block for those who're not too much into heavy  metal.
6305451591|5.0|This is truly a story of the power of the human spirit overcoming the very depths of hell! Of course, to convey this you must use locations that portray both the heights of goodness and the depths of evil.  To those that  thought this movie was over-simplified and at times over-acted, you need to  watch it again. The character Guido never grew up...but...instead was a  child in an adult's body. If he saw something he wanted...he would find  some way to get it. Like a child, he would be the perfect opportunist and  be constantly setting the stage for his next manipulation of life! Like a  child, Guido believes in overcoming any obstacle by simply  &quot;willing&quot; it. Add to this an immagination only a child could  possess, and you have Guido. I believe the reason so many of us are moved  by this film is that we &quot;see&quot; the child in ourselves and relate  to the central character. For this I personally thank Roberto Benigni for  bringing out the &quot;child&quot; in me!
6305426651|5.0|It was very easy for me to be upset for tiny things until watching this movie. I was not very strong and thinking that life is too hard all the time. But now, I am more happy and strong than I have ever been. You should  give yourself a chance to see it. I am sure that you will see the  difference.
0440178002|5.0|Shogun is one of the best Novels of all time.  What a book!  A fictional history of Tokugawa Ieyasu and the unification of Japan under his families Shogunate.  The references to Hideyoshi, Nobunaga, and other aspects of  Japanese history add to the fun.  Like Lonesome Dove, despite the size of  the book, you will not want it to end.  I suggest reading a little Japanese  history first and then read the novel.  Anyone interested in Japan or just  a good book should read it.
630463949X|5.0|Be wary listening to the criticisms of the sound quality on this DVD. The Dance is the best-sounding concert recording I've heard. The sound is artificially surround distributed, which may be what the critics are  whining about, but personally I think it's better because the band sounds  much closer than other DVD's and you can hear each instrument including the  maracas and tamborines crisply and clearly.<br />Notice that the criticisms  ALWAYS compare to only 2 DVD's: Eagles and James Taylor. These are  apparenty the Holy Grails but if you don't have DTS, you're not one of the  few Taylor fans out there, or you want more than 2 DVD's on your shelf, try  the Dance. Unless you're an &quot;audiophile&quot; who MUST use vacuum-tube  monoblocks for each channel and triple shielded super-conducting speaker  cable or else your ears feel pain, I think you'll like it.
1573225517|2.0|I was let down by this book.  It was hyped up quite a bit by my friends and the reviews.  Details said to keep it away from your girlfriend.  I was told it was Swingers in book form.  However, i found it boring.  Not funny, not witty look at relationships, and stale characters.  I was very  disappointed
B000031WD9|5.0|American Pie was so hilarious that my voice was hoarse from laughing so much.  But put the kids to bed first; this movie pushes the envelope right off the table.  The scene where Finch has to use the girls restroom had me  rolling on the floor.
0553213105|1.0|WHen I began to read Pride and Prejudice I was told by my best friend that it would be the best book I have ever read. To my dismay, it was not. I found the book utterly boring, and the only good part was at the end. Over  two- hundred pages wasted on useless tasteless writing! I read this book in  school, and it was a majority consensus in my senior English class that  Pride and Prejudice was awful.
6301978587|4.0|This movie proves how much talent Barbra actually has.  She sings, acts and directs.  It is truly a wonderful movie, one of my favorites.
6305718903|5.0|I'm not Christian.First,I thought &quot;Maybe I'll not understand this movie&quot;...But after I've seen &quot;Stigmata&quot;,I understand the gist clearly and I'm impressed.Patricia is a great actress,so Frankie  looked audacious at first and very sweet at last. Gabriel Byrne is the  interesting actor,I really like his acting...Soundtrack of this movie is  also dark and dull but that's cool!
B00003CXAA|5.0|With regards to the greatest movies, for me, there is the Godfather, and then everything else. Never has there been or perhaps will be such storytelling combined with such cinematic genius. Sadly enough, it paints  the picture of a world increasingly unfamiliar to our own -- and by that I  don't refer to the New York mobster world, this movie is not about shoot'em  up gangsters.  Its about a world where family is of the highest value,  where the mistakes we make we pay for in full, where nothing is glorified  and idealized, but seen for what they are.  Its brutally honest, full of  timeless wisdom, and the most wonderful film ever produced.
6303286542|5.0|I have all the Aerosmith videos, and this one tops them all. Read the book (&quot;Walk This Way&quot;) and watch the video. Guaranteed to rock out your evening and keep you bopping for days!
B00000GBHA|5.0|&quot;Woman please be gone,  Youve stayed here much too long.&quot;  To describe Sixto Rodriguez as Dylanish is an example of the league that he holds company too. I grew up with a worn out old tape of Cold Fact my  brother owned the vinyl. For all the times in the army where Rodriguez was  all we had to keep us sane, Cold Fact is the greatest Album I own... ask  Craig Limbert  and Hans Wellman - Wits signals 1986 -  Shawn Canada  2000
B000002UJQ|5.0|If it is possible for (less than) an hour's worth of music to encapsulate all that is misguided, shallow and spiritually vacant about the foundations that modern Western society is built on, it is Radiohead's masterpiece, OK  Computer. Intense, uncomfortable, dark and moving, OK Computer is the  culmination of an incredible progression from the relative mediocrity of  Pablo Honey, through the flawed brilliance of The Bends to an astounding  third album which they may not be able to surpass. Apparently Thom Yorke  almost went mad trying to decide the track order, but from the opening bars  of Airbag, with it's uncomfortable, frankly bizarre, guitar line, to the  microwave oven's ring that marks the end of The Tourist, the whole is  incontestably a journey of the brain, the heart and the senses that seems  to make perfect sense. The manic, Bohemian Rhapsodiesque apocalyptic  soundtrack that is Paranoid Android still renders me speechless today. The  pure beauty of the final chorus of Let Down, the frazzled mute trumpet solo  on Climbing up the Walls, the fact that Johnny Greenwood seems to have  reinvented the guitar and above all Thom Yorke's unutterably beautiful  voice throughout, leaves you questioning quite where five middle class  blokes from Oxford discovered the ability to move you so much. Before OK  Computer, yuppies networking were an irritating banality.  After OK  Computer they are pure evil. My eyes have been opened...
B00000J631|2.0|The songs are too short, and only a few are decent, NOFX and Bad Religion to name two. Other than that it really is a waste of money because a lot of the songs are just jokes, you will probably regret buying this.
0440219078|4.0|This was an excellent book until about chapter 20, whenyoubasically don't get or care about the characters anymore.  At theend, I was very dissapointed, at the lack of information.  I wanted to know what happened to Giver, and Jonas, and Gabe.  And, what happened to the community after he left?  This book is very open ended, but otherwise a superb peice of writing.
0767821769|5.0|A great film. Why? Because Susan Sarandon and Julia Roberts are performing in a very impressive way, giving us the whole meaning of the film from another point of view. What does the word &quot;Stepmom&quot; actually mean  to you? What do you feel when you hear that word? Is it always like this?  If you watch the film you will understand that it goes far further from its  actual meaning - it can also mean &quot;a second mother&quot; rather than a  bad old lady who will try to harm the kids. &quot;Stepmom&quot; sometimes  means a friend of the actual mother, a good wife, a person that is there  for you no matter what!  Watch the film if you like drama and social  films.
630542828X|5.0|I read the Book &quot;A Civil Action&quot; by Jonathan Harr And I have to say it was superb! It's definitely not your regular Story.
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson is known for his cyberpunkish novels _Snow Crash_ and _The Diamond Age_, but _Cryptonomicon_ is not of this genre. Rather, it is, in the vein of _Catch 22_ and _Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy_, a perceptive and  biting depiction of the brutality of war as reconstituted in the actions of  global corporations who behave as if business *is* war.<br />_Cryptonomicon_  rivals LeCarre's best. The characters are psychologically deep, the issues  are clear-cut yet confusing, ethical problems abound, the good guys and the  bad guys all have reasons for their behaviors ... and yet the result is so  complex that all of their actions must be called into question. This is a  very well-crafted novel about life in the post-modern, high-tech, global,  etc. etc. etc.<br />Stephenson's inventiveness is relentless and eclectic.  Every time I thought I had the plot worked out, there appeared a new  structure, sometimes in the present, sometimes in the past; sometimes a  personality quirk, sometimes a social movement. _Cryptonomicon_ does not  have the sardonic pessimism of _Catch 22_ nor the manic paranoia of  _Gravity's Rainbow_, but it resembles them in pace and timing. This is a  big book, but it contains little &quot;filler.&quot; (Outside my window  there is a squirrel digging holes in the snow -- it is this same  well-balanced mixture of futility and hope that pervades  _Cryptonomicon_.)<br />I could go on at length -- in fact I'd *like* to go on  at length; _Cryptonomicon_ left me with a list of things to think about, so  I put it up on the shelf in the living room as I'm sure I'm going to need  to read it again.
B00000K19E|4.0|Great movie, especially for the sci-fi nuts. Love the story and of course the special effects. It's like a live action Anime! for all you Otakus out there. Only one problem for me on the DVD. Only in widescreen, which is  cool, but it's a very tight ratio. I would have been more satisfied with  the option of Standard and Widescreen. That's it, later.
B00000DGUG|5.0|To Alanis critics who thought she's just a one night sensation, eat your heart out!  Morissette proves that she had the talents to stay in the business for a long time. Indeed I agree that SFIJ is not as commercial  (thus, less accessible) as JLP but it's in a class of its own. I know that  Alanis diehards (including moi) would love this album. But for me it is  unfair to compare both her albums coz they are so different. Alanis in JLP  is a very angry person who needed to diss the world's unfairness. But in  SFIJ she is a more mature woman who had come to terms with all her anger  and (maybe) feeling of insecurity. In other words its a bonus fer her fans.  The lyrics in SFIJ is not as catchy(hate that word) as those in JLP but we  feel closer to Alanis in many ways. The real standouts in this carefully  thought of album includes That I would Be Good, UR, Unsent, So Pure, Would  Not Come, Heart Of The House and One. If you thought that JLp is good, I  think you'd love this. It's not JLP 2, but it makes us realise what life is  all about.
6302787440|5.0|Sure, this movie has it's dramatic points, but it really kicks into gear when Malcolm goes to prison. There he meets Banes, a Muslim con who schools Malcolm about being black in America. Banes's speach about not eating pork  never fails to induce hysterical laughter. (Paraphrase: &quot;Your Mama was  Right! The pig is a filthy beast! Part RAT, part CAT, part KANGAROO,  etc.&quot;) <br />Despite being prisoners, Banes and X seem to have the run of  the joint. There many seens of the two by themselves inside the prison with  no guards around anywhere.<br />The final joke comes at the end of the movie.  Spike spends two hours charting Malcolm's progress from hating whites to  realizing that all whites are not evil. Yet at the end Lee has a bunch of  black school kids yell, &quot;I'm Malcolm!&quot;. No white kid, apparently,  can &quot;be&quot; Malcolm.
B000002MY3|5.0|.... and incomparable!This is truly an amazing album. I had been hearing this CD hundreds of times ever since she released it. I'm obsessed. Alanis Morissette had paved the way for new female artists in no way others had  done. The songs in this album, are just bloody brilliant. All of the tracks  in this album is worthy of becoming singles. My favourites includes Perfect  (I'm sure many kids can connect to this song in particular), You Oughtta  Know, Not The Doctor, Head Over Feet, Ironic, Wake Up and Right Through  You. Personally the only song that I can't stand is Hand In My Pocket. This  album is worth every cents spent, and she is not feeding you insipid love  songs like some idiots are wont to do. Alanis inspired hundreds and I'm not  surprised why. She sings with passion and you can actually feel the emotion  oozing out of your radio. Buy it.
6305750750|4.0|I think a lot of the disappointment of those who did not like this movie comes from the fact that this film did not quite inspire the wonder and magic that the first films did.  But, then, this film had some pretty high  standards to meet!<br />For my part, I just popped some popcorn and went along  for the ride.  There's no doubt that the special effects are the real stars  in this movie; the level of detail in world creation is completely  immersive and very impressive.  The breakneck pace of the pod race sequence  is enough to leave you gasping.  And the furious, dazzlingly-choreographed  lightsaber battles themselves are worth the price of admission.<br />The  acting is merely adequate, with a wooden Liam Neeson being a little  disappointing and a spunky yet regal Natalie Portman the true gem of the  lot.  Ray Park's Darth Maul provided enough menace to make you want to see  him squirming on the end of a lightsaber, but it won't be enough for those  longing for a villain on par with Darth Vader.  One disappointment is the  technical and biological explanation of the Force, which takes away some of  the spiritual mystique developed in the first three films.  But that is a  minor quibble.<br />Overall, I think it's most important to remember that this  film is supposed to lay the groundwork for not only two more movies of a  prequel trilogy, but an entire sequence of six films.  If you check your  brain at the door and enjoy the eye candy, it's hard to be disappointed.   Plot and character depth is not to be found in large quantities here, but  it is a welcome opportunity to re-visit the Star Wars universe.
B000002W4V|5.0|I remember snagging my brother's copy and playing this over and over, just fantastic '70s era guitar work, especially Hunter's &quot;Intro&quot; to &quot;Sweet Jane&quot;.  One of the 1st CD's I bought (my cassette was all  stretched out from abuse).  Lou may not like it but he was in perfect  &quot;Lou Reed&quot; form, great RnR alternatives to the VU treatments.   And if you love &quot;Intro&quot; like I do, listen to Hunter's solo effort  on the IRS NO SPEAK label...BEAUTIFUL!
B000002UR7|5.0|I'm an American citizen living in Seoul, Korea on business for the past three years.  Last night, I found myself as usual, late at night with clients in the bowels of one of the many karaoke hostess bars.  There  weren't many English songs to choose from other than the typical Elvis,  Beatles or Sinatra.  But nestled right in that list of songs of this  hole-in-the-wall place was &quot;Creep&quot; by Radiohead.  I couldn't  believe it.  I punched it in and sang it at the top of my lungs in front of  one startled Korean crowd.  Thanks Radiohead for giving me a taste of home.
0679746048|5.0|This is a book that can (and likely will) be read in one sitting.  Gripping in an unlikely way; I could not put it down simply because it wrapped me up in its tale, not because there were any particular surprises.  There is a lot more here than in the movie, and for plot purposes some  things were added to the movie that never happened in the book.  Although  the film was an 8.5 on a 10-point scale, seeing the movie before reading  the book will rob you of the joy of visualizing the patients and workers on  the ward in your head, and it is interesting to see how the characters were  interpreted on film.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is one of those albums that grows on you. If your new to jazz (bebop) buy this first, and give it several listens.   It didn't initially move me, but one day, driving on a rural section the Pennslyvania Turnpike in  winter, I fell in love.  &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot;, and its alternate  take, is the ultimate &quot;rainy day&quot; track.
B000002GFU|5.0|it all started when i saw &quot;Harold and Maude&quot;.  then i was so obsessed with the songs that my dad pulled out his old Tea for the Tillerman record and i fell in love with it.  it is sooooooo good, i really  recommend it to ANYBODY.
0671646788|5.0|This book is very hard to put down.  The title or author may not be well known but this is easily one the best books I've read in my life.  If you are serious about anything pick this up.  The cost of it is insignificate  to what the information holds.
6300216268|5.0|if you have not seen this, you HAVE to!  i have seen it 7 times in one month and i love it every time.  dont let the romance freak you out, there is so much advice on life in this movie, so dont be closed minded and miss  out.
6305750750|5.0|This movie is top hit for 1999. All the actors did very well I thought even though some people may disagree on this I thought Star Wars The Phantom Menace was the best movie made in along time. I am just cazy about  Star Wars and highly give it two thumbs up way up. To all people you got to  see  this movie it is the best and you won't turn it down. The two jedi's  also did very well Thanks to George Lucas.
B00000K19E|5.0|I PERSONALLY FOUND THIS MOVIE TO BE UNLIKE ANY OTHER ACTION FILM THAT I HAVE VIEWED. THIS WAS FULL OF ACTION, DRAMA, AND SPECIAL EFFECTS THAT WERE ORGINALLY DESIGNED FOR THIS FILM..AFTER VIEWING THE BEHIND THE SCENES CLIPS  AND THE DOCUMENTARIES, I BEGAN TO UNDERSTAND THE GOAL AND THE OBJECTIVE OF  THE FILM, WHICH WAS DEFINED REALLY WELL THROUGHOUT THE PRODUCTION OF THE  FILM..THE ACTING WAS EXCELLENT AND THE PORTRAYAL ITSELF, WAS BREATHTAKING!
B000002UB3|4.0|I own most of the Beatles albums.  This is one of the better ones with probably the most consistent standard of high quality songs. You will not be disappointed.<br /><br />The one Beatles album I could not be without is The White  Album. That is a masterpiece, with great songs including some of their less  famous but most masterful work, and has something to please everybody.  Revolver and Sgt  Pepper are the next best followed closely by Abbey Road.<br /><br />Something, Come  Together and Here comes the sun are the best songs on this album. My  favorites are Maxwell and You never give me your money, and Bathroom window.
B00000JY1X|4.0|The definitive notion that springs up in minds of potential buyer for this album is, probably, &quot;is the quality of songs consistantly good when there are this many song in one set of album. Is it worth the money?&quot;  And answer to that question is yes and no. Their musical talents are  evident throughout most of the albums, experimenting with wide variety of  instruments and genre (I hate that word) of music. <br />At their best songs  are just as good as Stone Roses albums prior to much maligned &quot;second  coming&quot;. Comparison, though probably unfair to both of the band, is  inevitable as they do try to fuse the dance and rock together. Compare to  Stone Roses, they utilize far less dance beats, and rely more on less  traditional rock music instruments. At it's best, it offers bitter sweet  melody drives  the every part of music, nicely harmonizing to create a  peculiary cheerful sad song.<br />However, at it's worst, it does make me  think of worst of what kraftwork has done. The experimentaion of sounds  just took over the melody and becomes plain annoying. These song are fairly  rare so it is not the worst thing in the world.<br />It is difficult to listen  to 69 songs in a row, not to mention the amount of money you must spend to  acquire entire set. However, this album is very much worthy of that  investment. If you are not sure of purchasing the entire set, I will  recommend you the Vol.2  as I think it is the easiest of the 3 albums to  listen as it is more melody driven than the others. Off course, many  probably will argue with my comments on this, as everyone is entitled to  their own taste, but this long jumble I just spat out is my two cents.  Hopefully, this will be helpful...
0451160916|5.0|King creates such an atmosphere of pure evil in this extroardinary book that it will send chills through you.  At the same time, he has taken a bunch of people you can't help but care about and thrown them into this unbearably tense situation in a snowed-in, isolated hotel, where they must  face the horror alone.  It is, too, like CARRIE, an incredibly sad story in  places; this one will make you cry as often as it will make you shiver. A  masterpiece.
B00001OH7O|5.0|I recently was given this CD as a present from my mother..I'm eighteen and she told me I would love this CD. I had my doubts, since I usually don't share her taste in music. But boy was she right! This CD was amazing! The  music was wonderful, the lyrics were sometimes unsual, sometimes quirky,  sometimes downright weird, but always fun. That also goes for the music,  which is very whimsical. The best songs on this album are &quot;Oh! You  Pretty Things&quot; and &quot;Fill Your Heart,&quot; which is probably one  of the most fun, joyous, all-out lovable songs I've ever heard. Many  science fiction elements are here, such as &quot;homo sapiens have outgrown  their use,&quot; implying that another race will be here soon or perhaps  the &quot;narrator&quot; is from that other race... This alludes a great  deal to the classic &quot;Ziggy Stardust.&quot; If you are new to Bowie,  this is a great disk to start at, because it shows the fun, wacky side of  Bowie...and what a genius he is.
0061002747|5.0|This is probably Agatha Christie's best-known book (largely because it is the only one that made a really good movie).  It is an exceptionally atmospheric book; there is something haunting about a train caught in a snowdrift miles from nowhere.  The solution, oddly enough, is not really  much of a surprise; Poirot's investigation proceeds in such a way that you  do see the solution coming before it is revealed.  But I think this was  intentional on Christie's part (her plotting is so beautifully precise that  it is hard to think she would make such a slip).  Also, the lack of  surprise at the end is more than made up for by the exceptional (even for  Christie) attention to detail shown here; this is certainly a triumph for  Poirot as well as Christie.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|This is a fun movie to watch.  It keeps your interest.  It's that simple
B00001QGPS|4.0|I bought this cd, expecting Method Man to be my favorite on the cd. But now that I've listened to the cd, Redman is awesome, and I'm kind of disappointed in Method. Some good tracks are blackout, 1,2,1,2 and  especially da rockwilder, that track is the best. If you like Redman, and  even Method Man, this cd is for you. Overall it's pretty good.
B000000WF0|5.0|The only thing which comes up to my mind when listening to Urban Hymes is shere excellence.  Why did they have to split up? they had so much quality. Not only their music is wicked, but their lyrics, astonoshing.  Recomended  songs: Spacing Time, weeping willow. My fav songs, they have to be. Just  listen to them, relax, listen to those lyrics,and how Richard Ashcroft sets  out the songs.<br />Just as i said before, pure Class
B000023VR6|5.0|I listened to some of this cd and thought it was awesome. The beats are great, and there are some cool songs like Forgot about Dre and Still D.R.E. If you are a Dr. Dre fan and don't wheter to buy this, I think it is worth  it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|SAVAGE GARDEN AND IT'S AFFIRMATION ALBUM IS DA BOMB! IT HAS A MIX OF LOVE SONGS, SONGS YOU WANNA DANCE TO, AND SONGS THAT YOU WANNA SING, AND SONGS THAT JUST MAKE YOU WANNA CRY! IF YOU HAVE ENOUGH CASH, I WOULD BUY THE  AFFIRMATION CD WITH EXTRA TRACKS! IF YOU LIKE THE BACKSTREET BOYS, 98O,  CELINE DION, AND OTHER BANDS THAT HAVE LOVE SONGS IN IT, YOU WILL ADORE  THIS CD! I ESPECIALLY LIKE &quot;I KNEW I LOVED YOU&quot;, &quot;THE ANIMAL  SONG&quot;,AND &quot;AFFIRMATION&quot; (THE SONG). LIKE I SAID IF YOU LIKE  THOSE BANDS THAT I JUST SAID YOU WILL HAVE A GREAT TIME WITH AFFIRMATION!  I'TS A MUST BUY ALBUM!
B00000FCBC|5.0|You just gotta love Metallica because they sure love you.Ever since 1984 or whenever they came out with their first album these guys have consistantly made incredible albums.Their geninuses! This is one of their  best albums yet every single song on it is good,especially Turn The  Page.The slipcover also includes the history of Metallica which is very  interesting.Combined with incredible song writing and musical talent they  form the best band ever.
6305358613|5.0|I ordered a film called &quot;Shakespeare in love&quot; because it received 7 Oscars. There was a previeuw for another movie called Elizabeth and I immediately wanted to have it...Eversince I saw it at least ten  times! It is the greatest film I ever saw in my life. The acting, the  costumes, the locations, the drama and (very important) the music.  Everything contributed to this marvalous result. It is a shame that Cate  Blanchett didn't receive the Oscar for best actress. It shows that it is  more important where a movie comes from then what it looks like. For me  &quot;Elizabeth&quot; deserved 7 Oscars or even more. This film is an  example for historical films made in the future...this is how it's done  ladies and gentelman filmakers!
6303454488|5.0|Der Meister hat's allen mal wieder gezeigt. Der lonesome sparrow sitting on a barbed wire fence wiht a crown of thorns. Goutieren oder nicht goutieren, das ist hier die Frage. De gustibus non est disputandum. Finis.  Fecit 4. Februar 2000
B000002OVJ|5.0|I won't go on and on about how great Live At Leeds is since everyone who has reviewed it here agree that it's the best live album of all time. I like the record so much that I bought 3 vinyl copies over the years that  had the poster, pictures, lyrics and contracts (like the Woodstock  contract, they played there for $12,500.00) all included with the album.  Try to find a vinyl version for your collection if you can. The original  issue if this CD included all of those items, too, in a big vinyl-sized  package. Now it's a real collector's item. What amazes me about Live At  Leeds is that it was recorded INSIDE a concert hall, not outdoors at some  big rock festival, like I originally assumed. The echo heard after Pete's  guitar sounds or Roger's vocals is not electronic effects but the sound  bouncing off the rear of the concert hall. Simply amazing! For listeners  with the vinyl version, you can tell that portions of Pete's guitar solos  were edited out of Young Man Blues and My Generation on the vinyl and the  backwards guitar and percussion heard at the beginning of Magic Bus on the  vinyl (right before John's heavy bass notes start) are played  &quot;forward&quot; on the CD version. All in all, Live At Leeds is The Who  at their finest.
B00003XB8K|4.0|This is Enigma, and nothing but Enigma. The album is only 40 minutes orso, way too short. But what these people did with the Fortuna...their best album ? It's so different from the rest, I can't tell, but if you liked the  others than you'll like this one.
B00000IO4J|5.0|Its awesome!  Robert Rodriguez did an amazing job doing this teen horror/sci-fi flick. The movie is about,a group of teens that discover that their teachers are aliens that want to take over the earth. It doesnt have  the most original plot, but it has the coolest way to kill the aliens(with  pens filled with drugs)i have ever seen in a horror flick. It has a young  cast:Josh Hartnett,Shawn Hatosy,Jordana Brewster,Clea Duvall,Laura Harris  and Elijah Wood.Along with a no-so young cast Robert Patrick,Salma Hayek  Piper Laurie,etc. The Faculty is a great horror/sci-fi thriller.
B000031XCR|5.0|I always listen to this CD before I go to sleep, actually in my bed,I love it a lot. Celine Dion's voice is so beautiful. Every song in that CD is good, that's a nice thing about it, because most of the CDs only have one  or two good songs. This CD definitely worth your money.  Thank you for your  time.
0800141628|5.0|Five days ago, I discovered the best movie ever.  Sure, I had heard people talk about it now and then, but I never really thought the idea sounded all that amazing.  Then when I was going through my mother's video collection,  I found this old movie with a not-so-informative cover.  I turned it over  to read the back, and from that moment on, I was hooked.  I immediately  fell in love with Chris Chambers (amazingly portrayed by River Phoenix) and  Gordie LaChance (Wil Wheaton).  The acting was beautiful and realistic.   They *were* four friends in a little town heading off for what was, at  their age, the adventure of a lifetime.  To lie to their parents and head  off on a two day hike to find the body of a missing child?  A child their  own age who had disappeared three days earlier?  Who could resist?   Especially the kid who everyone looked down on, who no one expected to  succeed.  It was his chance to prove them wrong.  He *could* be a hero.  As  they travel to Ray Brauer's (the missing child) body, they learn more about  life and each other.  They bond over horrific experiences (leeches, the  bridge) and friendly talks (the campfire).  And when they finally find him,  who should appear but the neighborhood bad boys (led by a great Keifer  Sutherland), threatening to steal their glory.  Again, they triumph, as  expected.  And when the trip is over, their small town is just a little  smaller, and their lives are just a little more dull, but it was worth it.   So my advice is to buy this movie.  It is good for a laugh, a cry, and just  about everything else.
B000002LND|5.0|This is an awesome cd.  Unlike many albums today which have only eleven or tweleve tracks, this cd has about 17!.  Granted the last two songs are not nearly as good as the others but on the whole its an AWESOME cd.
B000000W6X|5.0|A great follow up to blue lines.  Tracy Thorn is awesome on this album.  Protection is my favorite song of all time closely edgeing out risingson and dissolved girl on mezzanine.
B000002UQJ|3.0|The oddest thing about this album, for me, was that he previewed a bunch of the songs from it on MTV a few weeks before it was released and they were wonderful performances and made me anxious to get the album! Then I  got it and--Ooooch, where's the fire?     Still a good album and once again, as  with \\"Flowers In the Dirt\\" the Elvis Costello co-writes are my favs.    \\"The Lovers That Never Were\\" is my favorite Macca/EC collaboration. \\"Hope of Deliverence\\" \\"Off The Ground\\" and the rockin' \\"Get Out Of My Way\\" are great.    Of  course my ultimate memory of this album was that on the day I bought it the  record store I was in had a shoplifter take off on them and the security  guard and I chased and tackled the poor guy in the pouring rain. They were  grateful, but, I still had to pay for Paul.   ...............................:)
B0000004V2|5.0|The Stone Roses' debut is really one of the best album of all time. Ian Brown, the charming and energetic &quot;King Monkey&quot; vocal; John Squire, one of the best guitarist in his generation with his deep blues  root; Mani, whose funky and massive baseline has always stir up every cell  of mine; and Reni, with his unique drums skills and talent. The Stone Roses  is really a true SUPER GROUP. Unlike many rock bands, their music seems  more optimistic--with lyrics like &quot;The past was yours but the future's  mine&quot;(She Bangs the Drums), &quot;I don't have to sell my soul, it's  already in me/I wanna be adored&quot;(I Wanna Be Adored). No doubt, Fools  Gold has really changed music. John Squire's excellent guitar skills with  the cry baby effect(wah-wah! ), Ian Brown's low and &quot;mysterious&quot;  vocal and the dance-beat-like drums behind. Whenever Mani's  &quot;funkiest&quot; bassline got louder...that's the greatest part of the  sound. This song is not just a rock song, it also influnenced dance music.  Is this the root of today's Drum n' Bass? Is that what we call &quot;dance  rock&quot;? Besides, other songs are very excellent, too, but there;s too  little space here for me to write...haha. My favourites are &quot;elephant  stone&quot;, &quot;she bangs the drums&quot; , &quot;bye bye badman&quot;,  &quot;made of stone&quot; and &quot;elizabeth my Dear&quot;.  &quot;Elizabeth...&quot; is really a nice song about anti-monarchy, i  expecially like the pistol-sound at the end. It's great.
B000002P48|5.0|Who is this Andy Gill clown writing the second Editorial Review above? He states \\"All of a sudden, in late 1973, Lynyrd Skynyrd were the hottest attraction on the American tour circuit\\". Now I love Lynyrd Skynyrd,  and this is a great album, but in late 1973, they were not \\"the  hottest attraction on the American tour circuit\\". At that time they  were the opening act for The Who's American tour. Were they hotter than the  The Who Andy? Were they hotter than Led Zeppelin in '73? How about the  Stones? I personally saw Lynyrd Skynyrd open for Marshal Tucker in May of  '74.       I'd highly recommend this album though.
0780628551|4.0|The movie picks up pace quickly and soon you are intrigued by the events that happen between Johnny Depp and Charlize Theron. You become involved in the characters and end up on your seat or behind it until the very end. The  DVD format of this is crisp and clear. The pause button may be used when  parts of the story become too intense. The movie is first rate with  brilliant performances by Depp who only surpasses it in Sleepy Hollow.  Charlize Theron is sypathetic as the wife of the astronaut who is different  in some way. You'll have to see the movie to find out the rest. It's a  must-see movie for the year 2000!
6305622825|5.0|This movie was the best I have ever seen! If you are a fan of Catherine Zeta Jones then you will absolutely love this one! This is her best yet! I love the twist of it that has you thinking twice about everyone until the  end!
B00000IQUT|3.0|One of the most notorious films of modern times.  Made on a shoestring budget with Buster Keaton's granddaughter in a dubious role, ISOYG  (also known as &quot;Day of the Woman&quot;) has made lists of the worst movies,  most disturbing movies, movies to be banned.  The overall message is clear:   rape is avenged, with a vengeance.  What is interesting is the shift in  method of revenge.  The first two rapists are killed within sexual  contexts, the second in scenes of visceral violence minus a sexual  dimension.  Does this represent a change in Keaton's character's mindset?   (cf. the interesting scene where she reflects, almost meditatively, on  whatever while her second victim fills her bathroom with blood and  screams).  One thing is for sure...no viewer will identify with these four  rapists  (which would have been irresponsible for Zarchi to allow).  What  is probably so controversial, besides the incredibly brutal rape sequence   (it actually stretches over three scenes and there is no eroticism - this  is rape for what it is, brutal and vicious, with sex merely the weapon of  choice), is the mentally retarded character who plays the first one of the  four.  Zarchi provides enough issues via this character to write a book.  A  diffficult movie to recommend...too notorious nowadays to ignore  completely.  A tour de force acting job by Camille Keaton...whatever  happened to her?
B00002Z88D|5.0|What is up with you guys dissing Metallica because of their efforts over the last decade?  Some people say that the group &quot;sold out&quot; when they cut their hair and released Load.  Some will go as far as saying they  sold out when they released the black album.  Thats absurd.  True, the  Metallica changed with the release of the black abum, but that is just a  testament to the wealth of talent in the foursome.  If you are a Metallica  fan, you should support the group with whatever they release.  How many  groups have a history that compares with &quot;Kill 'em All&quot; to  &quot;S&amp;M&quot;? Now that takes talent.  How many punks have released  &quot;Kill em all&quot; type stuff, then disappeared?  Without talent, you  cant evolve.  S&amp;M is a mix of the best of both worlds.  Classical music  with a Classic band, in Metallica.  A must for any &quot;FAN&quot;. If you  have seen the boys live, they still play their old stuff as hard as they  did in the 80's, and good.  Those of you who are still calling the boys  &quot;sell-outs&quot;, yall need to get with the times, cut your hair, lose  the denim jacket, and open your eyes to the talent that Metallica posseses  and relish it.  Bands like this are one in a million!
0788812408|5.0|I think that every girl who grew up in the U.K. within the years of 1980-1995 should absolutly love this movie.  It's a classic!  I love this movie a lot and i hope you do, too!
B00001PE4D|4.0|Ok, I know this movies isn't the best movies i have ever seen but u have to see it at least once! This movie totally captivated me! Especially  towards the end. this movie started out funny but lame but some where in  the middle i was totally into the movie that i didn't want to move, and the  end was SOOO good, i didn't see that coming. When the movie was finished,  for the next 2 days me and my friends were only talking about the movie And  that hardly ever happens!.  So for all of that haven't seen it and heard  mixed reviews about it i suggest that you see Cruel Intentions at least  once!
6305364613|5.0|Baz Lurhmann created a masterpiece film that was filled with great art direction, cinematography, music, actors, and of course, Shakespeare. This sexy up-dated version of the classic play helps youth discover and relate  to the timeless story. It's brilliance captures me everytime I watch  it...and I always watch it. It's a movie that you can talk about for weeks,  and watch all the time. Leonardo DiCaprio proves his acting potentional  with his performance and Claire Danes is exact as Juliet.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road was the number one album that got me into The Beatles.  &quot;Come Together&quot; just made me turn up the volume more and more.  The blend and beat was so good.  George Harrison's, &quot;Here Comes the  Sun&quot; is so beautiful to hear for all ages.  I especially love the  B-sides.  With all the medleys like, 'Mean Mr. Mustard&quot; &quot;Golden  Slumbers&quot; &quot;Because&quot; and &quot;Carry that Weight&quot; it  puts you in a good mood.  I'm going to tell you why this album is better  than sgt. Pepper's.  The answers is.......... IT'S JUST DIFFERENT from all  the others.  I love all the Beatle albums.  But, this one was their very  best and always will be.  This is a must have CD!
0446525537|5.0|This was the best book I think I have ever read.  I read Mr. Sparks' other two books but this was by far the best.  The simple, honest story was great.  I don't want to say anything about the characters or the story because it will give the ending away.  This is a book that should be pulled  off the shelf and read with no other information.  I feel it is a must read  for all high school students.  In fact I gave it to my 11 year old daughter  to start on.  It has so many good lessons to learn.  It just makes my heart  feel good to just think about it.
B000002KXV|5.0|This album for me opitimises what music is all about - great musicianship, evocative lyrics and sublime production.  I've been listening to this album for about seven years and everytime I listen I always find something new in  it.  Great albums are ones where you can't imagine another note being added  or being removed from a song - every second of this is filled with  something new without feeling cluttered or complex.  The harmonies seem  almost organic in their conception and the music just flows from the  promise in I.G.Y to the hopeless romance of the final track.  If I had to  choose one album to die with it'd be this !
6305265488|4.0|As we all know, Cinderella has been done, redone, and redone again on stage and film since the Brothers Grimm compiled their tales.  This version is a refreshing &quot;real&quot; adaptation that is truly charming.  Gone  is the fantastical magic (no pumpkin here), replaced with a strong,  plausible heroine who doesn't wait for a man to save her.<br />Dougray Scott  is wonderful and charming as the angst-ridden Crown Prince rebelling from  his legacy.  His love/hate relationship with his princely celebrity status  is well drawn.  Drew Barrymore is convincing, if a bit cutesy, as the girl  who makes him realize he has the key to another world outside the gilded  cage he's building around himself.<br />Anjelica Huston is perfect as the  conniving stepmother.  She never becomes a cartoon character version of  evil - as could easily happen - she remains human.<br />The costuming and  locales are stunning and Andy Tennant keeps things moving with enough  action and comic touches to keep everyone in the family entertained.  I  highly recommend this latest version of the Cinderella tale!
B000001EEN|5.0|Clapton &amp; Co. kick off the album with an excellent &quot;Layla&quot; which gets your blood pumping, and the rest of the CD never lets up. Highlights include a great version of the Cream hit &quot;Badge&quot;,  several great Derek and the Dominos songs, and several classics from Eric's  first solo album. My only complaint is the absence of &quot;Keep On  Growing&quot;, one of my favorite Dominos songs. But this concert is still  excellent. Clapton, Townshend and the band totally rock the house.
B0000062FN|5.0|I'm a huge Santana fan, and this one is perhaps my favourite. It has all the rythm and magic guitar-playing that early Santana is all about, but has catchy tunes as well. In my opinion, this is better than the debut and  Ibraxas. THIS is the real Santana, not the overly commercial Supernatural.
6300247120|4.0|What a great movie!  This holds a special place in my heart as it was the movie I saw on my first real date (Life of Brian being sold out).  I enjoyed it when I was 16...now, 21 years later, I enjoy it even more, now  that I'm a cyclist!<br />The entire cast, including an impossibly young Dennis  Quaid and Daniel Stern, is great - but Paul Dooley is the best as the  father.  He got all the best lines.  Who can ever forget the exchange  between him and his wife in the film:<br />Wife:  He was very sickly until he  started riding that bike.<br />Husband:  Well, now his body's fine but his  mind is gone.<br />And let us not forget Dennis Christopher as the young  wannabe Italian whose joy in the sport of cycling just jumps off the  screen!  Even if you aren't a cyclist, you are sure to enjoy this film (esp  at under $10 - what a deal! )
B000002U82|5.0|As a right wing radical and evangelical almost into his twentieth year, I have never even gotten close to an illegal substance, tasted alcohol, smoked a cigarette, etc.  But I have become addicted to Pink Floyd.  I  literally listened to this album 20 times over a weeks time and even then I  was disappointed it didn't go on forever.  Yes, Time is great, but Speak to  Me and On the Run make it so much better.  Only Momentary Lapse of Reason  has been disappointing to me, but I can't stop listening to Atom Heart  Mother, Meddle, The Wall, and Wish You Were Here.  These are all truly  enjoyable even without acid.  I dare say Pink Floyd has not altered my  religious, political, or economic beliefs in the least, but I am  open-minded enough to love their music.  (Why would someone who hates them  so much and knows so much about them and their philosophy take the time to  write a review about them?)
B00000J9HF|4.0|What is speical about this record is Cappuccilli, He brings us the real Rigoletto, sad, bad and a real jester. Domingo is rather heavy for the part and Cotrubas didnt feel right.  Carlo Maria Giulini is good, nobody works  Rigoletto like him.  If you are looking for a good Cappuccilli-record I  recomentet you buy this one.
B00002E23H|5.0|I'm a huge fan of horror film and this one seems like one i'd enjoy. It's about sharks that terrorize people but not ordanary sharks these sharks are bigger,smarter,faster and meaner. Buy it!
B00003CWPR|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I was disappointed with it.  There was such secrecy about it, and the one clip they release to the press is a sex scene with Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman naked; you go into it thinking it's  going to be something it's not.  BAD IDEA.  I found myself being bored with  it and wondering when it was going to move at the pace the marketing  suggested it would.  You leave the theater wondering what the hype was  about.<br />I saw it a second time, however, in a hotel while I was on  business.  This time, rather than anticipating the scenes that the censors  took out, rather than assuming I already knew what the plot was, I could  watch the movie for what it is.  And it is, despite the reviews, a very  very good movie.  Tom Cruise's acting could have relied a little more on  emotion rather than gestures, but Nicole Kidman's performance was  exact.<br />A final note: the 'blocking' during the orgy scene really does  look ridiculous, and while it was understandable for theaters to get the R  rating, there is no reason why they could not have put out two different  versions on video, the R and the NC17.  Anyone who thinks placing people in  front of the action somehow makes it acceptable for children to watch is  sadly mistaken.  'Dumbing down' the climax of the movie simply takes away  from the suspense.  The censors need to realize that it is the ideas,  rather than the actual images caught on film, that determine what age group  a movie is appropriate for.
B0000027RL|5.0|&quot;BLACK&quot; the 5th song on &quot;TEN&quot; is the most emotional song ive ever heard, it's one of my top 3 fav. songs of all time (if not my fav. song)  i almost cry every time i listen to this song. im without a  doubt the biggest fan of this song in history. sometimes i listen to this  song 100+ times a day without sleeping, i practicaly cry every time i hear  it. buy this cd ... because you need this song, the only other grunge bands  Pearl Jam can be compared to is Alice in Chains &amp; Nirvana, even though  no 1 should compare them. BUY &quot;TEN&quot; NOW!
B000002JSV|5.0|If memory serves me, this is AC/DC's lowest selling album in the U.S. As an AC/DC fan for 15 years, I've listened to every album of theirs hundreds of times and I think this is their best. &quot;Powerage&quot; is a little  heavier on the blues influence than any of the other albums. Every song is  a winner. Anyone who likes AC/DC has to add this to their collection.
0064471047|5.0|Having a story that is as well rounded and deeply plotted as this, especially when we're talking about a children's story, is a feat indeed. In this respect, and in many others, C.S. Lewis as done a remarkably  excellent job. The Christian morals and principles that it teaches are an  excellent addition to the story, and reflect greatly off of the man who  wove this story into being. Aside from being very good literature, children  should also read it for the lessons that it teaches. Perseverance in the  face of fear, trust in God, and love for those around you.<br />Sadly, as so  many have pointed out, few children get to experience the emotional  vividness, and compelling plot line of this fairytale now a days. In  addition to &quot;The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe&quot;, there are six  other books in the &quot;Tales of Narnia&quot; series. My advice to parents  is to read all of these to your children, or, if your kids are old enough,  have them read them on their own. Everybody should read the series at least  one time, and if you haven't, your missing a great piece of American  literature.<br />It's still amazing to me that all of these thoughts and  concepts came from one man's head, and that through the God given gift of  words, C.S. Lewis changed the lives of millions.
B000001GS3|5.0|This is propably the best Macbeth who has been recordet. Cappuccilli is a real Macbetto bariton, I have heard the EMI and RCA Victor records and Milnes and Warren do not come close to Cappuccilli. Piero Cappuccilli  brings the tragety near to Shakespeares Macbeth.  Verrett is also very  good, she has that smoky-tone which is the best one for Lady Macbeth. The  sleepwalking scene is one of the greatist things in opera.  Nicolai  Ghiaurov is very good, he has an good song-tecnic.  Placido Domingo brings  an very good, if not the best, Macduff to the record.    Claudio Abbado,  one of the best Macbeths conductor, he gos deep into the music and finds  all the gread Verdi-detales.  The record has an gread sound and is  probably the best Macbeth record.
B000003TAR|5.0|This is probably the best CD Kurt made. Many of the songs on itare very meaningful and well-written. Some of the songs are aboutKurt's Life (Serve the Servants, Heart Shaped Box). In Heart Shaped Box, the way I interpret it, Kurt is basically acknowledging his wife, Courntey Love, as a homicidal manupulative lunatic (which she was). It's like he KNEW she was going to kill him. Oh, did I mention that Courtney had Kurt murdered? Yes, it's true, and I can't think of any realistic way he could have killed himself . Heart Shaped Box is probably my favorite song ever. It burns with pain, seeps with mourning and fear. Rape Me is another great song, and despite the rep it's given, it's a very deep song. According to Kurt, the idea behind it was a guy rapes this girl, goes to jail, then, in turn, HE gets raped. It's called Karma. All in all this is an awesome album. BUY IT! =) END
0440214041|5.0|If you have seen &quot;The Net&quot;, this is very similar. Now the Net was a brilliant film. The novelization of &quot;THE Pelican Brief (which was even better) is even better than the film.  NOw imagine..and read the book !
6304938241|5.0|Wonderful performance by the queen of period films, Helena Bonham-Carter. The other actors were equally good. Lush settings contrast against the incredibly barren lives of the characters. ONE OF THE BEST FILMS I'VE EVER  EXPERIENCED!
0449227545|1.0|Really not worth the time. Poorly developed characters and uninteresting story line.
6305750750|5.0|Well, personaly I only buy DVD's if I know that I'm getting something better than just a movie. I'm sure that this DVD will be a best seller. First of all a ton of people loved the movie, then the movie uses a lot of  special effecs which DVD is specialized for(high-resolution). Then there  will definatly be a ton of extra features such as behind the sceens and the  making of. I definatly recommend this to any Star wars die hard. Hope that  this was helpfull.
630157401X|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie (it is my favorite) because of all of the adventure, plus Indy gets to take his dad on all of these adventures. It's funny to see how Henry reacts to the idea of people trying to kill them,  and how Indiana just explains how that is always happening to him. I like  the references to the Bible and the Holy Grail, because it is really cool  to go on a quest for something mythical. It also has a great score and  wonderful reference to WWII and the evil goings-on in Germany at the time.  All in all, a great movie with a great message: don't name your kid after  your dog.
B0000035E7|5.0|This album, though it is probably not nearly as popular as Nevermind or In Utero (my favorite album ever), is a classic. Perhaps more than Nevermind. The songs on here are raw and emotional, much more so than many of the  songs that Kurt later wrote. The songs range from insane screaming  (Negative Creep, School) to rhythmic melodies (About a Girl) and early,  almost nauseating (in a good way) grunge (paper cuts, blew), very similar  to alice in chains. Pretty much every song on here is worth listening to.  This is one of those CD's that you can put in your CD player and not even  touch the track-select button. This CD is kind of like a look into the  past, of where they came from before the fame or fortune, back when Kurt  dreamt of being a rock star, before he found out what it was like. When you  listen to this album, remember what it was like before Nevermind or Teen  Spirit, before anyone had heard of Nirvana and they were in it for the  sheer enjoyment of music. When nobody even knew there was a guy out there  named Kurt Cobain, before anyone knew he was anything special. This IS  Nirvana, at its core. This is the music coming from Kurt Cobain the human  being, not Kurt Cobain the music god. If you like rock, you'll like this  CD.
6305358613|2.0|Even granting this movie some artistic licence and forgiving gross historical inaccuracies, it raises not an eyebrow. Joseph Fiennes performed very poorly while Cate Blanchett did the best she could with a bland and  uninvolving script. Geoffrey Rush did provide some welcome relief, but not  enough to salvage this passionless (in every aspect of the movie) twaddle.
0553213105|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is a story that graps you by the heart and does not ever let you go.  If you have never read this book, YOU MUST!
B00001QGPR|2.0|Expecting a good follow up for the previous &quot;Outside&quot; &amp; &quot;Earthling&quot; albums? You won't find it here! Here is Bowie once again trying to revamp the past with numerous tries. Beginning with the  dull &quot;Thursday's Child&quot; (an attempt of the soulful &quot;Young  Americans&quot;), &quot;Hours&quot; illustrates some of Bowie's worse work  in years and makes even &quot;Black Tie, White Noise&quot; sound like a  masterpiece. About the strongest Bowie gets here is during &quot;All the  Pretty Things Are Going to Hell&quot; a post-Tin Machine sound which is  more Gabrels than Bowie. &quot;What's Really Happening&quot; and &quot;New  Angels of Promise&quot; are a little bit more listenable, reminiscent to  some of the tunes found on the bizarre but great &quot;Lodger&quot; album.  Nothing new or striking really becomes of &quot;Hours&quot; it's a  post-post Bowie &quot;wanna go back to the past.&quot; For late Bowie fans  -- beware! But for the ultimate Bowie fans -- there's some fun in  comparison here, gotta have it to complete the collection. Come on, we  lived through the &quot;Let's Dance&quot; era, we can do it again!
B000002UB3|4.0|One of their last albums, this was the Beatles at their best, and if you're looking to start a Beatles collection now, this would be a good place to start.  This album is a perfect example of the difference between  &quot;songs&quot; and &quot;music&quot;  I love the Beatles' songs, and the  first half of this CD has some good ones, like &quot;Come Together&quot;  and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; which have been put on the Greatest Hits  CDs like all the other good Beatle's songs.  If you like Beatles songs,  specifically the later ones, buy The Best of 1967-1970 (The Blue Album). If  you like music, specifically rock music, then the second half of this CD  will amaze you.  This is the epitome of Beatles rock music, and it's great.   From the time the 20+ minute medley begins, you are so entranced by the  chords that you don't even realize that the tracks are changing.  By the  time &quot;Carry That Weight&quot; comes along, you've reached a new  understanding of just what music is.  &quot;And in The End the love you  take is equal to the love you make.&quot;
0440234743|4.0|FUN, SOMEWHAT PREDICTABLE, BUT VERY ENJOYABLE
B00000FZ1V|5.0|You're getting your money's worth just from the movie, which is great with comedy and good acting. BUT, the DVD special features will blow your mind.  I'd say you'll spend at least an hour or two playing around with these  great special features.
0790729989|5.0|The finest dark thriller ever concieved.  Don't miss a syllable, it is all there but you still wont get it till the end.  Morgan Freeman, Pitt and all the others give fine performances but it is the screenplay made by the  devil himself.  The direction is impeccable, not a single error.  This is  modern day shakespeare served with chianti and fava beans.  Also try Fight  Club and The Game but skip Aliens 3 and his Madonna videos[all by Fincher;  a former anamator with Lucas' I.L.M.].
6304602901|1.0|When I first saw this movie in the theater, I thought it was (at the time) the worst movie I'd ever seen.  Not only were people walking out of the theater, they were slamming the door on the way out!
B00000J7JO|4.0|this album is just beautiful.  john frusciante is my favorite guitar player ever.  the album goes everywhere from energetic jams (Around the World, Get on Top) to wonderfully composed simplicic (Porcelain, Road  Trippin).   You can tell the Chili Peppers are a great band to be in.  Keep  an open mind.
6300214710|5.0|This movie still brings tears to my hi top wearing eyes. If ever there was a piece of cinema that truly reflected the 80's ... this is it. The only catch, which most people don't realise is that in the origional form, Andie  and Duckie end up together! ( If you can find the paperback book.. grab  it... ) however while filming things changed. It was never confirmed to me  that it was Ringwald that demanded the change ... but this just made it all  that much more realistic. The ending - the first tiem I saw it left me SO  ANGRY. Anyone who has been Duckie knows that you don't walk away as quickly  as that. I t had to be a mistake. Either way, an excellent portrait of the  80's , and a movie where Andrew &quot; Dice &quot; Clay does not utter a  single vulgar word. Who says miracles never happen.
0375405224|5.0|Each of these books &quot;stands alone&quot; as a story, but the series is best read from the beginning; Master and Commander.  In the series, Captain Jack Aubrey and his friend, surgeon Stephen Maturin live all of the many redundances of real life.  As a midshipman, young Jack carved his initials  into the mast head of the ship Suprise.  Now, as a reader, we climb to the  same mast head to see those same initials every time one of the series  brings us back on board the Surprise.  This gives a depth to the  characters, and the entire series not found in similiar English/Napolionic  Naval chronicals.
B0000214F0|3.0|This movie is certainly an interesting portrayal of Roman History's most notorious Caesar.  Although he only served a short time, his antics and deviances have endured for more than two thousand years.  Most of what is  portrayed in this movie is the recountment of Seutonius, a  &quot;secretary&quot; to many Caesars after Caligula (&quot;Little  Boots&quot;), so is mostly &quot;rumours&quot; of his time -- though  historians do give him much credit for detailing many credible stories.  In  any event, if you believe what you see as Roman history, so be it -- you'll  be even more appalled at the vulgar and demented behaviour of this man.   However, I'm more inclined to believe that some of the more vulgar  portrayals were from the inventive (and perhaps perverse) mind of  Penthouse's Guccione.<br />As many of these posts have mentioned, don't bother  watching this if you're squeemish or do not wish to see graphic sexual  acts.<br />I give this three stars for production and filming and some of the  quality actors.  However, the gratuitous sex and violence could have been  toned down a bit -- at the detraction of the &quot;truth&quot; of Roman  History.
B0000029DD|5.0|I wonder, do I actually get stars in my eyes when I listen to this album?  It truly feels that way. Chills down the spine, tears, joy, laughter... It is uncanny that he said he wrote for the people driving down the road with  the stereo blaring, crying, and singing at the top of their lungs, because  that is exactly what I often do while listening to Grace.  As an artist,  every painting I make is created to the soundtrack of Jeff Buckley, for the  reason that it completely removes me from the physical world.  Beyond being  my favorite album ever, it truly changed me.  It means so much to hear  other devotees say the same.  Jeff was/is someone who sings to the deepest  part of your soul, and doesn't let you go until you're completely  exhausted.  Thank you, thank you, thank you Jeff...
B000003489|5.0|Recently a lot of Coltrane compilation box sets have been issued. Coltrane fanatics decry these as musts but if you don't have the cash to throw down I recommend you start your own compilation with Giant Steps at the  foundation. Definitely considered avant-garde Giant Steps shows Coltrane's  mastery in going off while staying true to the songs rythmic integrity.  Other CDs to get include Live at the Village Vanguard (5 tracks chosen from  a 4-night set that were considered tops), The Art of Coltrane (a good  contrast to Giant Steps- more controlled but still soulful) and lastly  Coltrane with Duke Ellington (two masters weaving the sounds of the piano  with the sounds of the sax). These 4 CDs should give you a solid variety  and an insight into the genius of Coltrane's dynamic sound- not to mention  at a price less then most boxed sets out there.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Having had the pleasure of seeing THE WHO live I can recommend this album as a true representation of THE WHO and their classic sound.  Keith Moon was rock's greatest drummer and Pete Townshend's slashing power chords  mixed with the rumbling sounds of John Entwhistle's bass add fuel to Roger  Daltry's powerful vocals to create a live album that is the best live  recording ever released.  BUY THIS DISC!
6305750750|5.0|Okay, I'll admit, It took me several minutes to understand what in the world Jar Jar Binks was saying...but by the end of the film I was more than content to see him included, as a comic relief/sidekick.  <br />Yes, we all  agree that the special FX, the created enviroments and the actors were  absolutly brilliant!  I had no problem &quot;getting into&quot; the  movie...something that other movies lately just haven't been able to do for  me.  And hey, once a Star Wars fan...always a Star Wars fan!<br />I can't  single out a scene for my favorite, because the entire movie had me on the  edge of my seat.  Okay, the pod race and the Jedi fight are your  favorites...but what about young Skywalker flying off (completely by  accident) and destroying the invading force (again by accident)?  What  about the final battle?  I mean...this movie was great!  Top-notch action  and drama through-out the entire event.  I am looking forward, with  enthusiasm, to the next 2 episodes!  <br />I am going to buy the boxed  set...even though I would MUCH rather have it included with my growing DVD  collection (what's up with these companies not releasing blockbuster films  on DVD?).  This should have been DVD...just like other FX rockers like  Matrix!  You agree?
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 emerged on the pop scene this year, with the likes of Britney Spears, Ricky Martin, and Madonna.  The album is so thoroughly appealing, you catch yourself singing along to its explicit lyrics, like a  kindergarten rhyme.  I'm so glad they made this breakthrough, because  previously, many in the &quot;Top 40&quot; crowd wouldn't have gone hunting  around for them by name!  Keep it coming Blink!  Harmonies, riffs, and  driving beats combine to make Enema of The State one of the best albums of  the year!
0783110871|1.0|Acting - lame. Story - lame. This is one of those Hollywood movies, where after 10 minutes you can predict exactly what's going to happen. This story is really, really stupid and childish. I got this DVD for free, but I still  feel cheated because of my wasted time. :-(
B000007MVL|4.0|More Kate Bushisms from Kate Bush.  The tracks here are bit more obtuse and less poppy, but for the most part, they're quite good.  Highlights include the airy &quot;In Search for Peter Pan&quot;, &quot;Wow&quot;, and  &quot;Oh England My Lionheart&quot;.  Occasionally too delicate for my  taste, but it's a solid album and a very good listen if you're in the mood.
0684872153|5.0|I couldn't put it down!   I was shocked.  It made me sick, mad, sad, and happy!  It is a great book!
1568959672|3.0|I enjoyed reading about this touching friendship between an opptimistic old profesor, who is slowly dieing, and his former pupil - Mitch Albom. I found much of what Morrie said about the true value of life to be provoking  but not much different from Chicken Soup for the Soul. This would be a  rathar sentimental and sappy except I found Morrie's attitude during his  last days admirable. ~15 yrs.
B0000021S9|5.0|It doesn't get any better than this recording if you are a Chicago fan. The original lineup including Kath, Cetera, and Seraphine are all here, and the quality of the recording is superb. The material is mostly from Chicago  Transit Authority, Chicago II, and Chicago V, and the band was in fine form  throughout. If you are debating between buying this or the Carnegie Hall  live album, by all means choose Live In Japan. The horns sound full and  deep compared with the kazoo like sound of the Carnegie Hall recording. I  think the last two songs on the CD, &quot;I'm A Man&quot; and  &quot;Free&quot;, showcase Chicago at their best. If you became a fan of  Chicago in the 1980's because you liked the ballads, avoid this CD because  the band sounds nothing like the David Foster era Chicago. This CD is  flat-out jazz-rock from start to end.
0385486804|2.0|I guess I expected the book to follow the journey of the doomed main character, Chris McCandless, but a large portion covers the adventures of the author and other stories.The paperback version is very thin even with  the author's introspective ramblings included. The story was originally  reported as a magazine article and probably should have stayed that way.If  you are looking for a non-fictional adventure story,keep looking.
078322706X|5.0|Great movie all around!  I can't understand why anyone would not like it!
B000003CMB|5.0|NOBODY TOUCHES DUANE ALLMAN ON SLIDE GUITAR!<br />FOR YOUR CLINIC ON SLIDE GUITAR THIS WEEK LISTEN TO TRACK NO.6.
0380002930|5.0|This is by far the best book I've ever read!  It was simply incredible from beginning to end and I would encourage everyone to read this book.  From the very beginning I was completely captured in the story, and in the end I searched the pages in the back, wishing there were more!   It is a  great tale of maturity, as well as the struggle to live a life of freedom  and happiness.  I have never read anything that compares to this  book...it's simply the best!
6305750750|1.0|Let's see now, three beings strong with the force fight it out, 1 good and 1 evil die while at the same time someone in a small spaceship flies inside a larger ship, blows it up and escapes just in time, while at the same  time, down on the planet a bunch of [marketable] characters are fighting  each other.... hmmmm...<br />Phantom Menace?   - No, Return of the Jedi,  remade 16 years later.
B000002KB8|5.0|THIS CD IS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. A MUSICIAN'S CD! GREAT LYRICS BY OZZY.... GIVES THE LISTENER A RIDE INTO THE DARK SIDE OF THE OCCULT. SAY YOUR PRAYERS AND TURN IT UP LOUD!
B000001F7R|4.0|I am not a big fan of this band but the NWOBHM, especially Saxon!  Anyhow, a lot of leppard fans would rate this album low because the majority of the leppard fans are not really H.M./H.R. fans.  I wish the band kept the same  direction as this album for the later albums. Any metal/H.R. fans should  try this album for the crunchy guitar rills and solos as well as slamming  base that you don't hear from the later works of them.<br />Does anyone know  what Pete Willis is doing now?<br />P.S. I couldn't believe the fact Vivian  Campbell is with this band.  He should be playing for a band who plays  harder materials.
630562285X|1.0|What a waste of time and energy this movie must have been when they were making it.  Hasn't anyone noticed that movies starring Sean Connery and/or Catherine Zeta-Jones becomes a glorified  B-Movie?  I'll have to see if I  can sell my copy of this movie.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Rarely has the word masterpiece so well fit a piece of work. Three compact disks of pristine love songs beset with lyrics that ring so true you worry Mr. Merritt may be sneaking peeks at that journal you never have the time  to write. Spare and clean. The album cuts deep and it leaves it's mark.  It's hard to believe that in more than three hours of music there is  absolutely no filler to be found. The great songs stand out but the rest  are no less than magnificent. You can't praise it enough and you can't ever  find the words to explain it either.
B000002UAX|5.0|The &quot;White Album&quot;. My favorite album of all-time. I was ten years old when I first listened to this record. Through those big, coffee can headphones. I can't begin to tell you the effect that day had on my  life. The Bay City Rollers just did'nt have same bite after that. The music  actually scared me to death, but I was forever drawn to it. &quot;Dear  Prudence&quot; and &quot;Happiness is a warm gun&quot; still give me goose  bumps. Mccartneys work here is brilliant. Name me one other writer(for  better of worse) who can write &quot;I Will&quot; and &quot;Helter  Skelter&quot; on one record. Lennon also shines throughout this album as  well. Even Harrison stretches his boundries up a bit, dropping all the  India stuff from this point on.  For Sam Shiface(I intentionally left a  letter out), Stones fan, and the rest of you morons, the Stones never did a  thing with out checking with the Beatles first. Check your history. You  will never see a photo of McCartney sitting at Jaggers feet, but you can  find one with Lips sitting at Mccartney's. The record has influenced as  many bands as any record, and is still doing so to this day. Check out  &quot;Offspring&quot;s &quot;Get a Job&quot; and tell me if it doesnt  remind you of &quot;Obladi&quot;. Or Radiohead's latest album, which  borrows heavily from the White Album. The Stones influence was fleeting and  superficial, as is there music. Compare Mccartneys &quot;Flaming Pie&quot;  with &quot;Bridges to Babylon&quot;. Mick and Keith should have let it go  when Fred and Barney did. I hate to rip another band, but the Stones fans  have such a Beatle-Complex, I can't help myself. The Stones were huge  admirers of the Beatles, and vice-versa, so let it be. But buy this album.  Too awesome to review, must experience this album for yourself.
B000002GVZ|5.0|The 70's, if you have any recollection of that era at all then you know Carly. For me these songs bring me right back to high school. In my opinion her signature song is &quot;That's The Way I've Always Heard It Should  Be&quot;, when it was first released you couldn't listen to the radio  without hearing this song. All the songs on this disc are totally  &quot;Carly&quot;, and they're all great songs. And who can forget the tune  that was drummed in your head while watching tv and a ketchup commercial  would play &quot;Anticipation&quot;. This disc is a must have for all the  Carly Simon fans out there.
0425170349|5.0|I don't know how this book got an average og 3 stars.  It deserves 5.  None less.  If you only like Clancy books with Ryan in it, this isn't a book for you.  Out in Great Britain they made a camp for Rainbow, an  ant-terrorist group.  This book has Clark (leader of Rainbow) and Chavez  mainly.  There are also many other people on the team, including Oso Vega  (the biggest weight lifter).  If you don't like this book, you don't have  taste.  I'm sorry.  Nothing beats pure realism with explosive non-stop  action.  It also has an awesome plot.  This book should have 5 stars.
6304196938|5.0|Finally, the blu-ray version of this masterpiece has come along for those of us who saw it in theaters 50 years ago.   The transfer is top-notch, and the addition of a 5.1 sound track is a wonderful thing.  It appears at the time of this writing that the only main cast members still alive are Eva Marie Saint and Martin Landau. It would be wonderful if someone sat them down in front a camera to record their memories of making this film for posterity.  This disc is wonderful entertainment; recommended without reservation.
0440219078|5.0|In my opinion, this book was a exciting journey through the future. Although the ending was in my opinion, a waste of my time, the rest of the book was beutiffully written. Thge ending came to a hault as if she had got  tired of writing and she stopped. The idea for the ending was wounderful,  except she did not tell it all. The book was a wouderfully written book,  and it seemed as though I was part of it. The wording made it feel like it  was happening. And the many ways Louise gave clues about surprises that if  you went back and read it again, you would be suprised you missed it due to  the fact that you were so engrossed in the book. The characters and the  setting help give the book it's character. The book should be read by  millions.
B000007ODM|5.0|Wow. What a mix - the tracks are actually quite different, stylistically. Some have Queen-like guitar solo's, some have a techno beat, some have orchestral arrangements, and some have a Celtish feel (and some, a  combination of these). All have haunting Gregorian-style vocals (which are  actually sung in a made-up language, like a cross between Latin and  Spanish). The music is emotional, powerful and refreshing. If I were only  allowed one CD in my collection, this would be it.
0385484518|1.0|I bought  this book with great expectations- I knew it was about a man at the end of his life, but I expected a deep look into his way of thinking, into his philosophy..instead, what I found was a mere outline of a wonderful person (Morrie Schwartz)...and lots of details about the author  himself, that I'm sorry to say I didn't care about at all. All this running  around &amp; working non stop for money, that Mitch Albom talks about as if  it's the only way somebody could live..I just disagree. Not everyone is  like that, not everyone has to talk to his old teacher to get the idea that  you have to really listen to &amp; love the people around you. For some  reason, Mitch Albom found this to be a very new &amp; strange way of  thinking, but in my opinion, it is the first &amp; most important thing  somebody should learn in order to live a full life, &amp; to give to people  around him. I don't know how I managed to finish this book- I found myself  constantly annoyed by the author &amp; his disbelief in everything that  Morrie did or said- the fact that he didn't feel sorry for himself, the  fact that he didn't realise he was at a dead end. Of course Morrie was in  pain, of course he knew it was all over. But the fact that he had lived  life to the fullest made him strong enough to accept death. I have no idea  why this was so hard for Albom to understand. So the one thing that stays  with me after closing the book is Morrie himself, his great courage &amp;  his honest &amp; clear way of looking at life &amp; death.
B000002P9J|3.0|I don't have this at the moment - the first copies of this remaster had a faulty track which had been wrongly mastered (It's In You) and although MCA in the US fixed it, Polydar UK don't seem to have bothered!  So British Who  fans, buy yourself an American copy from Amazon! &quot;Face Dances&quot;  was always a hit and miss affair - but it's not half as lousy as &quot;Who  Are You&quot; (Moon or no Moon!).  Best tracks are Another Tricky Day, You  Better You Bet, Daily Records, You and one of the contemporary bonus cuts  Somebody Saved Me (which Pete later did as a solo effort) - this CD is well  worth it for these songs, but only if you've bought the more essential Who  albums already (&quot;Sell Out&quot;, &quot;Tommy&quot;, &quot;Who's  Next&quot;, &quot;Quadrophenia&quot;, &quot;Odds &amp; Sods&quot;,  &quot;Who By Numbers&quot; and either the box set or a good singles/best of  package like &quot;Meaty Beaty Big &amp; Bouncy&quot;).
6304233639|1.0|When the teaser trailers for this movie first appeared about a year before its release in the summer of '96, I was expecting an incredible film kind of like &quot;V: The Final Battle&quot; mixed together with the  Japanimation &quot;Macross&quot; saga rolled into action scenes like  &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot;.<br />Instead, we get Will Smith trash-talking  an alien he is dogfighting with like he might do to an opponent in the  basketball court, a president who flies a fighter plane in the last scene,  and way, way. waaaaay too much focus on the American aspect of the  &quot;alien invasion.&quot;<br />I felt that this film could have done sooooo  much more than it did had it focused more on how people in other parts of  the world dealt with the aliens, and the plot would have been far more  interesting if the aliens had landed ground forces.<br />Oh, and by the way,  did anyone catch the scene where Will Smith's girlfriend is driving a truck  through the devastated and leveled Los Angeles? All the buildings were  utterly destroyed, but there were two swaying palm trees, apparently  unscathed by the nuclear holocaust. Must've been *alien* trees, huh?
B00003CWPR|5.0|&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a colorful, deeply-layered psychological study of infidelity in married couples.  The late, great Stanley Kubrick captures with rich cinematic nuances the drama and sexual tension between  men and women.  This haunting, dream-like odyssey is punctuated by Jocelyn  Pook's moody music score.  This was the best film of 1999.  But it is not  your standard Cruise/Kidman fare.  No matter what, &quot;Eyes Wide  Shut&quot; will never be quite what you expect it to be.  Kubrick fans are  likely to appreciate it more than Cruise/Kidman fans.  But try it anyway.   This film is best enjoyed when a viewer brings an open mind to it.  View it  at least twice.  In every sense, &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is an R-rated  film for mature adults.
0767811070|5.0|I was reading some of the reviews posted below, and was irritated when this movie was so often referred to as a &quot;gang&quot; movie. This isn't a movie about inner-city gangs, folks! The main characters, played by Cuba  Gooding, Jr., and Lawrence Fishburne, and his friends Ricky and Doughboy  (played by Ice Cube) are NOT gang members. They are simply poor, urban  youths trying to make their lives the best they can. <br />I can totally  relate to Lawrence Fishburne's character, Furious, who amid the turmoil and  suffocating poverty and despair of the ghetto, is trying to build a  business that will improve both his family life and the neighborhood, as  well as trying to keep his son (Gooding) on the straight and narrow path.  Fishburne's character reminded me so much of my own father. <br />I watched  this movie in high school, and was blown away by the frankness of the  story-telling. It was not overly embellished by tremendous acts of  violence, as is the case in most Hollywood movies about the inner-city, nor  does it try to ignore the ugliness present in everyday life in  South-Central. <br />The most heart-wrenching aspect of this film was the  murder of Ricky, the USC-bound football star, who was gunned down in the  alley the day he received the SAT result that would have allowed him to  pass through the door leading out of the hopelessness of the ghetto.
0440219078|5.0|My 10-year old daughter 'feeds' me with delicious, small book-snacks that I can read in a few hours.  After reading 'The Giver', I was stunned.  This was no snack.  This was a medicinal.<br />The meat of the story is compelling  enough as Lowry sets for us the proposition of a Utopian society where all  children are wanted and all members of a community productive and  neighborly.  But lurking therein is an odor of something not right, which  becomes much stronger and definitive as we learn with Jonas just what his  Assignment is to be. <br />In my opinion, the bone of the story is revealed in  Jonas' decision to leave the Community.  Jonas carried me along on his  journey, so much so that when we come to the end of the book, teetering on  the snowy hill, Jonas faded and I was left there to decide what happened,  not only to him, but, in a very disconcerting way, to me.   <br />All day I've  been thinking about Jonas.  It is cold and snowing today and I've been  thinking, &quot;Could I walk in the snow, not knowing where I was  going?&quot;  I got a little hungry and thought, &quot;But, could I be  starving and still go forward?&quot;  Jonas' bravery and newly gained hope  against all odds has stirred me. I've read and re-read the text to get some  definitive answer about what finally becomes of Jonas, and have decided  that it is enough to launch down the hill with him, hoping.  <br />That is  what my daughter so much as said, when I ran to her room after finishing  the book, distraught, and scared that the author had devised a truly sneaky  way to cover his death.  I asked her, &quot;What do you think it  means?&quot; &quot;Oh,&quot; she replied, &quot;of course he lives.&quot;   Yes, he does.  In me.
0790734060|4.0|When I first saw this movie in my music class back in eighth grade, I was blown away. Now I have seen this movie many times, and I love every minute of it. Every shot is beautiful. But it does not exceed the beauty of Barry  Lyndon.
014028009X|5.0|Damn those Fruit Smoothies! <br />A cry heard throughout Bridget Jones's Diary is sure to ring true for every woman, married or single.  <br />This book kept me awake and entertained on a flight home from Asia. I could not put it down and finished it in one straight read. Bridget is every woman's  insecure side. Yet she is still someone who you would want as a friend. It  is well written and easily readable. This is one great beach book.    <br />Bridget Jones's Diary - is a look inside an insecure and quirky young  woman's life - her daily intake of cigarette's, alcohol and calorie's  consumed as well as her never dull love life...<br />A hilarious ride along a  journey you won't want to end!
B000002H4Q|5.0|This is where I was introduced to the cure back in the 80's.  I believe it to be their best because it incorporates several styles and sounds better overall because of it.  I like most of their others but this is the best  overall effort.  I've heard afew of the new songs and is it me or does his  voice sound different?   Well anyway this music is excellent.  Cannot and  will not compare it to the nonsense that is spewed on the airwaves today...
B00002E233|4.0|In a lot of action thrillers, like say, Diehard, you have a pretty good idea of who will be standing at the end of the movie and who won't be. Ok, let's be honest, you know exactly who will be standing and who won't be.  There's no way Bruce Willis dies in Diehard and there's no way the bad guys  are gonna make it either.<br />In Deep Blue Sea, by the end of the movie, you  won't have a clue as to who's going to be alive and who isn't. Nobody is  sacred. If you can kill off Samuel L. Jackson within the first half of the  movie, you can kill anybody! I certainly didn't expect LL Cool J to be  standing given the cardinal rule about &quot;brothers&quot; in these types  of flicks (they never make it).<br />Everything else, including the storyline  was very good. The only part of the movie I didn't like was the beginning  which I didn't really find  very interesting.
0836210131|5.0|Very thrilling book. Although I have seen the movie {all of them}, I liked the book much better. It had pictures to help me understand alot better. I have read this book and a few books like it but this is my favorite Christmas  classic. I liked how Dickens {writer} portrayed how bitter and  selfish the main character {Scrooge} was. I really enjoyed this book     I  have read one of his other books. I most definately give this book what it  deserves a definate 5 stars
0393312836|5.0|It's been years since I read this book, but I remember not being able to put it down and a profound fascination with the strange terminology used in the text.  I had mentioned some of the words to a foreign-exchange student from Georgia, Russia and he said that they were Russian words.  For  instance moloko is milk in Russian.  By the end of the book you don't think  twice about the silly words, because you already know what they mean.
6303433766|5.0|This film is like my Bible. I adore it. I can relate to thegirls' relationship in so many ways as I have an almost identicalrelationship with my best friend Lill. We're not about to kill her mother (she is my Pauline and I am her Juliet) but that's about the only difference. Y I cannot recommend this film strongly enough. It is beautiful - there aren't actually words to describe it. It will always have a very special place in my heart as it has helped me to realise that my relationship with my friend is not of the unheard-of sort, but of a common sort that is so often misjudged and rejected. Please watch this film and judge for yourself. Allow yourself to be absorbed into the love this film holds.  Please try to accept those who reach out to you not wanting understanding, just acceptance. Please. It hurts so much when you don't.
B000021XS0|5.0|I don't know where to start.  These guys define the word Progressive, Ingenious, and perfect.  I was just recently at the opening show in Pheonix where they played SCENES FROM A MEMORY the whole C.D. all the way through  with no stops or breaks!  Jordan rips and both Johns have come long way  from WHEN DAY AND DREAM UNITE.  They can rock your C.D. player or keep in  you complete denial of the incredible talent and and endless hard work they  put into every single note and detail of each and every song.  I'am  completely blown away by this new masterpiece. Rock on DT!
0920236162|5.0|A wonderful original fairy tale with a strong and smart heroine.  Princess Elizabeth is a great example for little girls.  Sometimes the prince is not worth having!
B00000J7JO|5.0|Not many people would think of rock/alternative as sophisticated, but I believe this album proves otherwise with its good lyrics and excellent rhythms (the intro to All Around the World is awesome).  A lot of the  songs, my favorites being Californication, Road Trippin and Otherside, have  a deeper meaning to them and touch on some complex issues in today's  society.  This is really a must have CD for your collection.
0783113943|5.0|This movie is the best movie I've ever seen.  I'm only eighteen years old, but I feel that I'm mature enough to say that Angelina Jolie did the best job in a biographical standpoint that I have ever witnessed.  I don't cry  very often and the pheonominal ending, that Angelina Jolie did such a great  job of performing, made me cry my eyes out.  I have always looked at models  in belief of a perfect lifestyle, but this movie really made me think of  the reality of being a model.  I don't think I could recommend this movie  enough.
6305657947|1.0|Possibly the worst dialogue I've listened to in a very long time.  Stereotypical characters, bad editing, I didn't make it all the way through it. Glad I rented it before I paid the price of owning the DVD.  Did not  have any expectations, I am not a big 007 buff. I like all genres, but this  one was just not worth the effort.  Think it was an attempt at boomer  fantasy, even that missed the mark.
B00000I8BX|5.0|I own this album.  I bought this album sound unheard.  This is quite possibly Fear Factory's greatest triumph. You can't just listen to one song out of the first 10 songs or so as it is a grindcore opera.  All the songs  tell the story of mankind's messiah from the machines that have taken over  the world (T2 anyone).OK, the idea is not original, but the songs are.   Except for one, &quot;Cars&quot;.  This song features Gary Nueman in this  heavy metal remake, and although it sounds corny, it really rocks.  Shoot,  you have to buy this album just for that song.
6304082428|5.0|This British mini-series is one of the best I have seen.  The acting and character development was superb!  This romance was well done and not only I, but my husband thoroughly enjoyed watching it.  The scenery, wardrobe  and choice of actors/actresses made this movie very enjoyable.  I would  highly recommend owning this production.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have listened to Dream Theater since Images and Words and I do not think anyone comes close to them. So I was extremely upset when I first heard Scenes. I thought it was horrible.  It was too pointlessly jazzy, with  maudlin lyrics song in too high a register.  My first inclination was to  give it a one out of five rating.  But then I realized that with all Dream  Theater albums, we are listening to extremely complex rock.  So I bought  tickets to see them and wanting to be more familiar with the album, I  finally &quot;got it&quot; on the tenth listen.  However, no amount of  volume could prepare me for the live experience.  Scenes was perfect live  from beginning to end.  The vocals were excellent, the quiet parts that I  thought of as sentimental drivel were actually played with quite a bit of  force, and the drumming was the purest of pure random thunder.  I brought  along people who had no experience with prog metal, shifting time changes,  or even high-speed guitar.  They were in awe.  I now experience this album  in a whole new light.  It ranks among the best albums I have ever heard.  Live, it was the best concert I've ever seen!
B00000GRL0|4.0|Enter the dragon, Lee's best and last full movie. Plot thrives and action flourishes. The only american made Bruce Lee film and the best thought out. This is a classic movie, a must see for anyone.
6305426651|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen in my life and it is amazingly touching. It really makes you appreciate the lives we have and the freedom we enjoy. It is one that you will watch with your grandchildren.
B00000293E|5.0|Willie Dixon wrote some of the greatest songs in the blues catalogue.  Where he is a more accomplished arranger, composer and bassist his performing abilities aren't bad at all.  He's not quite up to the level of  Muddy, Wolf or Sonny Boy, musicians who made his tunes famous, but he  wasn't far behind either.  The band is solid, the production a bit off, but  overall a great album. Definately Willie at his best. Highly  recommended...Simon
6303913881|5.0|You have to watch this with the closed caption, because you will constantly be saying, &quot;wait a minute, they didn't just say that!&quot;  I tell you, there are lines in this movie that only a monkey with a  typewriter could have typed.  <br />Okay, the entire movie doesn't work at  all. It doesn't make sense. The ending throws all logic out the window (did  the whole movie take place over one weekend?) And, everyone who befriends  Nomi is a moron.  She's just unbearable. And her lips are out of this  orbit. But... this is so much fun you will watch it again and again.   HOWEVER, WARNING:  After the eleventh viewing you will suddenly realize,  this is really really a bad movie.  IT'S NOT EVEN FUNNY.  So watch it ten  times and then give it away before it gets ruined for you. <br />Of course the  most classic line in this movie is: MUST BE WEIRD NOT HAVING ANYONE COME ON  YOU ANYMORE.<br />God Bless Celluloid!
B000002OAZ|5.0|This is a greatly underappreciated gem of the blues.  Howlin' Wolf is backed by an incredible who's who of early seventies British blues rock musicians.  Clapton is on guitar, Winwood on keys, Watts and Wyman are the  rhythm section. Ian Stewart, Ringo, Klaus Voorman all contribute as well.   It may not be Wolf's finest hour but it's not far off.  This is a cookin'  blues set.   Essential....Simon
B000002H70|5.0|As you are reading this right now.. you have probably heard the Cure's new album Bloodflowers and are thinking.. &quot;Wow, this album is as good as they come...&quot;<br />I assure you, Disinegration will never be  topped..<br />1-click it now..
0790729601|4.0|Movie: Arnold at his best.<br />Quality: Picture &amp; Sound are almost perfect.<br />Features: 1 Trailer and some Cast info - thats all.<br />Note: On the cover it says: PRODUCTION NOTES. But there are none on the DVD!
0385495315|4.0|With &quot;The Code Book&quot;, Simon Singh does a remarkable job of providing readers with a rich understanding of code making and breaking by explaining the practise within a historical context.  Although purely  factual, the book, at times, reads almost like a novel, engrossing the  reader with engaging tales of intrigue, insight and innovation as code  makers and code breakers engage in pitched battles through the ages.<br />A  bit of a caveat, this book may not be enjoyed by people who don't already  have at least a minor interest in cryptography and/or computing (Singh's  account of the &quot;invention&quot; of RSA and PGP are wonderful).
B000002A3T|4.0|Well, let me start off... this albus is awesome... Daivd Guilmore's voice is at it's best...Cool songs... Excellent lyrics...Grat artwork... Something's missing and it's roger waters dreamy lyrics... but there's  always the wall or dark side of the moon..Buy everything floyd, I've bought  some things without knowing there content, and everything's excellent, best  band in the world... Peace ya'll
0312867123|1.0|Science fiction, SF, Sci-Fi, whatever you want to call it, I confess I've never &quot;gotten it.&quot;  I'd see those voluminous shelves of colorful paperbacks in the chain bookstore sections - stuff by masters like Isaac  Asimov and Ray Bradbury and schlock by countless others - and wonder what  people saw in them.  But I was finally lured to read Robert J. Sawyer's  `Flashforward' because of its premise: what would you do if you got a  glimpse 20-odd years into the future?  How would you react?  Would you  change your life?  Make you want to thwart destiny (if it truly was  destiny)?  I started reading expecting strong characters wresting with this  simple yet enticing setup, and hoping for a new insight or two. <br /><br /> I  was hugely disappointed.  This book was a struggle to get through, and  confirmed all my worst fears about reading anything from this genre: bad or  downright false science (passed off as real), unexamined philosophical  premises, ridiculous plotting, and above all, one-dimensional characters  whose dialog rarely rose above platitudes. <br /><br /> The plot shoots off in  dozens of unexplained directions; I continually found myself pleading  &quot;oh, get ON with it!&quot;  Sawyer provides no insights, no twists,  not even a smattering of a resolution about the central question of his  story: are his characters destined to live out their future  &quot;vision,&quot; or is it &quot;one of many possibilities?&quot;  In the  process of muddying this outcome, Sawyer has his characters spend page  after page THINKING about their situations and endlessly PONDERING their  courses of action.  The author seems to have forgotten a principle from  Creative Writing 101: reveal characters through their actions.  Telling us  what's in their heads in unconvincing at best, and tedious at worst. <br /><br />  And oh, the people whose thoughts we read!  Scientists at CERN who fret  about Nobel prizes and interpret simple relativity as the death of free  will.A nerd who knows he'll be having sex with a beautiful woman in the  future and obsesses about whether to visit her now.  A mysterious  Chinese-Canadian magnate who promises eternal life.  Relationships  explained in terms like &quot;did he love her?  She WAS beautiful.&quot;   Science fiction-or any genre, in fact-deserves much, much better than this.  <br /><br /> In short, nobody in this book was even vaguely interesting.  If  Sawyer wanted to write a story about metaphysics, he chose the wrong  format; a crisply written short piece that centers on plot twists would be  far more engaging. <br /><br /> So why did I read it?  Continue to read it?  Of  course it was the premise, which is intriguing and continues to be.  I'll  give Mr. Sawyer credit for attempting to write a novel around it.  But he  should start over, and consider a short story format; this is far, far too  thin for a lengthy work.
0060922583|1.0|...i got it at? Well, much to my dismay this volume of science-fiction has been the foundation for many occult beleifs.  Truly a compilation of new age &quot;wooie wooie&quot; ...  If you like the X-files, then this book is  for you, otherwise inquire with your physics instructor before spending  your money.
B000003TA4|5.0|When I first heard The Replacements, it tore my head right off.  I remember thinking, &quot;Why haven't I heard this on the radio?  This is incredible!&quot;.  Thanks to this classic Nirvana album, a lot of  &quot;alternative&quot; music got the attention it deserved.  It's sad that  it took such a stunning commercial success to get good music on the radio  but that's reality.  Of course, a lot of derivative garbage came in the  wake of this album, too, but that's not Nirvana's fault.  This album was a  powerful statement of rock's impact on the band itself.  Kurt Cobain had  the courage and integrity--as did The Replacements and REM--to wear his  influences on his sleeve (even influences other people might not deem  &quot;cool&quot;) while never ripping his idols off.  &quot;Nevermind&quot;  is packed with heart and classic songs.  &quot;Breed&quot;, in particular,  is one of the most underrated rock songs ever made and the rest speak for  themselves.  This is an essential record--not just for its excellence but  for its importance in changing the rock business forever.  I just wish it  hadn't already been too late for The Replacements to benefit.  Afterall,  they certainly had an impact on Cobain, musically.  &quot;Never Mind&quot;  was one of their best songs and Kurt knew a good title when he heard one.
B000009QPE|2.0|I bought this cd, then I was disappointed. That's all. This is very short and very boring. Why? Because all songs sound the same. With brutality? Yes. With speed? Sure. And with Idiocy? ABSOLUTELY!   I always liked  Old(yes, old) Metallica, ACDC, Black Sabbath. But this cd is just full of  fast noise. (Maybe drumming is the only part worthy of listening) If you  are starting to like metal, just avoid this cd. There are many other  ecommendable cds. Don't be e-fooled by reviews from their blindly addicted  fans.
6303433766|4.0|This could well be the ultimate parallel universe movie. Two emotionally stunted adolescent girls escape their pain by creating a medieval/romance novel other-world for themselves. Harmless enough at first, their  obsessions snowball into a seriously disturbing detachment from reality  until a vicious murder brings it all crashing down. In one truly sadistic  scene the about-to-be-murderesses sweetly urge the about-to-be-victim to  indulge in the last pastry she will ever enjoy on this earth. Well-acted  and gorgeously filmed in dreamvision, be warned that the killing-although  brief-is excruciating.
B000002699|5.0|You should read some of the reviews below to get some more technical detail about this album (they helped persuade me to give this a listen) which I don't really have the musical tools to critique effectively.  But I  can say that this is a beautiful recording which never fails to delight and  astonish me.  I agree with a couple of other reviewers that the great  moment is when Tony Williams hits the snare for the first time in the 13th  minute of the second track and everyone breaks loose.  It's like 30 minutes  of tension building (not annoying tension -- hard to explain) with one  extremely satisfying release.  This is one to curl up with alone and listen  to straight through.  Pay attention (this is not background music)and you  will be richly rewarded.  I'm glad to be the 20th person to give In A  Silent Way five stars.
B0000027RL|5.0|The songs &quot;Even Flow&quot;, &quot;Alive, &quot;Jeremy&quot; and my personal favorite, &quot;Black&quot; are the reason you should get this CD.  Classic rocking songs of the 90's.  Everyone should own this by now.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Now this is just my opinion...but each Rage album has been just a shade under the previous.  The self titled debut was outstanding, to say the least.  Evil Empire, (the second album) was not quite as good as the first,  but was still VERY listenable.  After listening to Battle, however, I don't  think it quite reaches the bar that the debut set.  Not even as good as  Evil Empire, really... But, as you can see by the four stars it's still  awesome.<br />And with all the Rage wanna-be bands coming out of the  woodwork like roaches these days, it's GREAT to hear something fresh and  new from the originals.  They invented this stuff.<br />If you're a true Rage  fan you'll know this rocks when you hear it.  If you're not..then Battle Of  Los Angeles just sounds like more of the same, only not quite as good.
B000001Y2U|4.0|Plain and simple.  Thinking of getting this CD, there's no question.  Get this CD just for The Beautiful People.  It really rocks.  Other good songs are the irresponsible hate anthem and Tourniquet.
B000003TA4|5.0|That's it.  If you don't own this CD right now there's something wrong with you.  You're not a real rock fan if you don't own it.  BUY IT!
B00003CWPR|5.0|A simple review to say that if Kubrick had not done this movie 1999 would have been very sad in an artistic point of view. Each scene is prepared in its smaller details, music fits very well ... Less big budgets movies and  more artists won't do no harm down here.
B000002IZ4|4.0|This CD is very good.  It is, of course, softer than their debut album &quot;Core&quot; which is why I gave it four stars, but you didn't see them die quickly after their sophmore album like Bush did.  STP are the define  &quot;ALTERNATIVE ROCK&quot; and this CD shows it!  &quot;Interstate Love  Song&quot;, &quot;Vasoline&quot;, and of course, &quot;Big Empty&quot;  you'll really enjoy.
B00000K19E|5.0|The effects alone make this movie worth watching.  Add that to a interesting and not always predicatable plot and you have a GREAT movie!  Don't miss this one.
B000003TAR|4.0|Of course it's not as awesome as &quot;Nevermind&quot;, but it's still rocking!   Many songs you didn't hear that you should of.  &quot;In Utero&quot; is absolutely a great CD!
0684872153|1.0|If you are looking for a depressing book to read, then turn the pages of Angela's Ashes by Frank McCourt.  An autobiography of his childhood both in America and Ireland, the author focuses on the family characters who went  in and out of his life.  Most were stereotyped Irish...men who were  uneducated, drunks and generally unemployed misfits and women who were  perpetually pregnant with families they could neither feed, dress or care  for properly.  The book is littered with scenes of poverty and filth and  the illness it breeds.<br />I suppose that Mr. McCourt wanted to portray a  sense of stoic resolve that comes with extreme poverty and the will to do  better.  But I found it neither uplifting or inspiring.  Many individuals  who emmigrated to this country from other parts of the world probably could  have told similar stories.  There was nothing unique in Frank's childhood  that was worth writing a book about.  <br />Boring, depressing,  unentertaining... I read the book to the end hoping for some miracle that  would save this tale, but unfortunately the ending was just as bad as the  beginning.
B00000AFGM|4.0|This CD has some really great songs on it.  The Dope Show, I Don't Like The Drugs, Rock is Dead, just some of the great songs you'll find on this CD.  You won't be dissapointed.  One great buy!
B0000019PA|4.0|...but that's entirely in keeping with Mangum's little Harry Partch fetish. An acquired taste, to be sure, along the lines of sweetbreads or veal kidneys -- rich, and strange -- but that's no reason to champion or  pan it entire. Certainly, this is an album unlike any other -- but I  question the endless, fecund Syd Barrett references, just because they are  too easy: weird guy = Syd Barrett -- duh? -- with, meanwhile, no thought of  how difficult it is to pull this stuff off in America, as opposed to in the  pathologically nostalgic UK --<br />So whatever, Jeff's got a bit of a whiny,  annoying voice -- but: listened to yourself lately? What do you want from a  songwriter, anyway -- Heaven or Brooklyn? I'll take Brooklyn anytime --  it's closer to the heart.
B000001DQI|5.0|In three decades of listening to music, including some of my favorites like The Beatles, Stones, CCR, U2, Sting, EJ, Billie Joel, The Doors, The Eagles, Supertramp...  THIS IS MY FAVORITE ALBUM OF ALL TIME! It's  simply brilliant from start to finish, and features my all-time favorite  slow song &quot;Candle In The Wind,&quot; and favorite rocker  &quot;Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting!&quot;
6305558167|4.0|This is the best movie about the legend of Auther and his knights of the round table. The battles sences were great. The soundtrack is awlsome. There are a few down falls but they are minor and dont take away from the  film. Such as the armour that they wore was plate mail when according to  the time period they put the legend in they would have woren chain mail and  the myths themselves were a little mixed up but all in all it was mostly  accurrate to the tales. This is a must own.
B000001EGA|5.0|I remember the day I bought this album a quarter of a century ago. It was quite simply great, and in fact knocked off Elton John's first Greatest Hits album from number one in our city. That's what it was like for Captain  Fantastic, his own prolific music was knocking off his own albums and songs  from number one. When &quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight&quot; went  straight to number one, I remember a DJ asking: &quot;Does anyone remember  a day when an Elton John song didn't become a huge hit? He's the only guy  who could call himself CAPTAIN FANTASTIC and get away with it!&quot; He was  right.
B000009QPE|5.0|If you're looking THE defining thrash metal CD, this is it. Look no further.  The vocals are full of irresistible growl, guitars on jet propulsion speed, and drums on warp speed.  Try exercising to &quot;Angel  of Death&quot; or &quot;Jesus Saves&quot;.  Your head will fall off.        Yes, there are some bands that can play fast and sound awful, but Slayer is  the one of the bands that sounds great truned up a notch.  From start to  finish, this album is one awesome adrenaline rush.
6302787297|5.0|Beautifully filmed.  Once I got tired of hearing the story I started just putting the movie on without sound and listing to music (Tom Petty's Wildflowers goes very well with this, and follows the plotline with it's  lyrics).  Every scene seems filmed with technical perfection.  I hope this  comes out on DVD.  As far as the plot, well, we already know what happens.   This could have been a silent movie and not lost anything.
0553296981|5.0|This is a book about Anne Frank, a girl who hides from the Nazis.<br />It's full of Anne's emotions, it's really descriptive, and it tells alot aboutwhat's going on, so you're never lost in the book.<br />It's a real diary by a real girl. My Mom and I both read it and we both loved it!<br />I recommend it for everyone!
B000002N3N|3.0|Enya does more of the same--which she does very well indeed, but it's time to move on.  The one exception, sad to say, is &quot;Anywhere Is,&quot; which were it not for the chord changes could be argued to be an attempt at  minimalism.  Listening to &quot;Anywhere Is&quot; is much like listening to  blackboards being scratched.  Aside from this one track, good job, but I  hope she takes a break and finds some new inspiration.
6305750750|1.0|The ORIGINAL Star Wars trilogy fueled my imagination as a child. A few years ago when I heard that a new trilogy was in the works, I was elated. When The Phantom Menace premiered in my city, I stood in line for 6 hours  to watch the midnight showing. When reading the opening scroll I knew I had  been hoodwinked. This is one of the worst films ever made. It's Plan 9 from  Outer Space with a 150 million dollar budget. I can't believe George Lucas  had over 20 years to conceive this story and this is the best he could come  up with. Willow and Howard the Duck sound like Shakespeare compared to the  unbelievable stupidity of the dialog for The Phantom Menace. The special  effects are amazing but what big budget movie doesn't have amazing effects  nowadays? But alas, millions of money wasting collectors will rush out to  purchase this widescreen VHS edition only to buy the movie once more on DVD  after tape sales have declined and then rebuy this trite yet again when  &quot;STAR WARS EPISODE 1 - THE PHANTOM MENACE : SPECIAL EDITION&quot; is  released. Happy spending and May the Fraud be with You. (p.s. - I'm only  giving this one star because negative 10 was not an option.)
B000002KB8|5.0|I first bought this album, because of the cover (I've found a lot of great music that way). I hadn't heard it on the radio yet. Then I put it on the turntable. It started with the THUNDER and the CHURCH BELLS, I was  mesmerized. I was totally blown away. This has always been my favorite  Black Sabbath album. Now my 18 year old nephew is into Black Sabbath and he  likes it too. Black Sabbath will live forever and all because of this great  album.
0792152328|5.0|This is a movie everyone must own!  I thought it was fantastic. If you didn't like it than maybe movies aren't for you!
B00003XACV|5.0|At long last they decided to release the score to this geniune American beauty of a film. This collection of dark, perilous emotional tunes sets the stage for a grippingly dark and surreal look at suburbia America, but  its story could take place anywhere.      Thomas Newman has enveloped the  heart of human desire and despair in this score, which screams then plagues  at the human spirit, then sending it into the realms of comedy and  laughter, and back to the gloomy realities of life. Portions of the score,  such as &quot;Mental Boy&quot; cause one to cringe and look around to see  if they are being watched, as if your life behind closed doors can be seen  by the outer world. &quot;Lunch With the King&quot; is a lighthearted  excursion into hilarity, reflecting the comical aspect of the picture. But  most of the score is a constant stalking sense of being watched and  wondered about. It sends waves of eeries chills up the spine yet absorbs  the human heart as if to say, yes, life is cruel and unfair, but nobody's  life is a bed of roses, as this film depicts with stunning illusional  effect. Thomas Newman has created a score unlike any other, and has sealed  himself in the annals of great movie composers such as Alfred Newman, Henry  Mancini, Quincy Jones, Franz Waxman, Dimitri Tiomkin, just to name a few.       This score will get you and hold you until the final note dwindles off  in the still air around you. You're left questioning the rules of life and  how life can be a brutal beast to your nature. What we want we may get,  though it will hurt some, and in time it will come back to get even. The  score conveys that of many other emotions too deep to express verbally.
B000023VTQ|3.0|This was a good movie but sort of your run of the mill love stories nothing reaches out and grabs you to make it any different from other love stories all in all it was a good movie.
B000000H42|5.0|This is the CD you have to have in your collection. Great music,awesome vocals by King Diamond.You may not like the lyrics, but you cannot deny the power of the music. A definite must have for any true THRASHER.For it's  time,it's a true classic.
B000002VCT|5.0|Always when I listen to this album it relates me back to the time when I first heard it. That was in October 1982 which was a turbulent period in my life for some reasons. The music itself is imaginative. I get pictures in  the music. This is especially a character of this album. At least for me.  The sound is mild and tasteful. Rich harmonies and melodies make you feel  almost melancholic! Hey, after listening to this album you need some bright  light to reload yourself! If you like getting emotions, this is the prime  choice of all APP albums.
1573227978|4.0|Imagine Lord of the Flies with twenty-somethings from the nineties, and you get an idea of what &quot;The Beach&quot; is like.  The story is set in Thailand.  If you've ever backpacked through Thailand, you will read about  many familiar feelings and sights in the country.  An enjoyable novel.
B000020617|4.0|Just got it in the mail two days ago.  Although not the best CD overall, this is pretty darn good!  Every track on this gem is catchy, especially &quot;Learn To Fly&quot;.  For some reason, Grohl and company remind me of  Sugar (Bob Mould's old band) and the Smithereens.  But so what!  This is  solid alt-rock with melodic hooks at its best!
0880381736|5.0|This is an amazing book with great caracters and a good plot. There is magic, monsters, and fighting. This is one of the best books in the series. And if you love this book you should read the rest of them. They are all excelant books.
B000003BEM|5.0|Here is yet another classic-with-a-capital-C Stones album that, unfortunately, suffers from a substandard, mid-'80s CD treatment. The sound quality leaves much to be desired here, the packaging is almost nonexistant  (although it is pretty damn cool of Abkco to restore the original,  long-censored &quot;toilet&quot; cover), and with a CD capable of holding  nearly 80 min. of music, it would be nice if they'd include bonus tracks  like &quot;Jumpin' Jack Flash&quot; and &quot;Child Of The Moon&quot;, or  some previously-unreleased material from the same period, or perhaps some  mono mixes of a few songs. At any rate, I really hope that Abkco eventually  gives this album and the rest of the Stones' '60s catalog a complete  overhaul, with new remastering, liner notes, bonus tracks, and so on., as  MCA did with the Who. But, crummy CD issue aside, this is definitely a  must-have.
6305750750|1.0|Lucas has become the ultimate technobrat.  He seems so preoccupied with the technicalities of his digital realm that he seems to have dispensed with other key elements such as story, dialogue and acting performances.   This seat-numbing experience only kicks into a higher gear once (the  pod-race sequence).  Other scenes are dull, lifeless and (in many  instances) downright boring.  A single good performance from a key actor  might have saved this mess but all the actors can do is look embarrassed  and confused (hardly surprising since they had very little to react to when  the film was shot).  The villains are all surprisingly un-menacing (this  kind of movie, like a good James Bond thriller, needs a really good,  hissable villian).  The only thing left to look at is the effects but they  cannot keep this sad, lazy effort afloat.  <br />Lucas has proudly announced  that he is planning to shoot the next installment digitally.  Honestly, who  cares?  Why doesn't he deal with all these technicalities that he obviously  so dearly loves and hand the reigns over to someone else for the episode  II?  Irvin Kershner brought a marvellous sweeping operatic grandeur to  &quot;The Empire Strike Back&quot;, something Star Wars was in dire need of  in Episodes VI and I.<br />The DVD crowd needn't worry - they're really not  missing much.  This is the ultimate litmus test for those who prefer style  over content.
B000003BDY|3.0|THIS DISC IS BETTER THEN SOME OF THIER BETTER KNOWN TITLES,CONTAINING ROUND AND ROUND,TIME IS ON MY SIDE(WITH A ORGAN INTRO) UNDER THE BOARDWALK,AND MY OWN FAVORITE FROM THIS ERA,IT'S ALL OVER NOW! RECOMENDED!
B000002BPS|5.0|I like this cd just as much as &quot;smash&quot;, but not better.  Smash had some great songs &quot;Nitro&quot; &quot;Genocide&quot;, &quot;Self-Esteem&quot; and lots of others that I can't think of.  And  &quot;Ixnay...&quot; has &quot;the meaning of like&quot; &quot;Gone  away&quot; and &quot;Change the World&quot;
B00000I7LJ|5.0|This set has the origional Tigerlilly cd and a second cd with 5 songs:<br />1. Jealousy (REMIX EDIT)<br />2. Sympathy for The Devil (live)[the same as the B-side on the Jealousy single]<br />3. Baby I Love You/Son Of A Preacher Man (live)[NOT the same as the 'Baby I Love You' on the Wonder  single]<br />4. Take a Look (live)<br />5. The Work Song (live)<br />As a devouted  Natalie fan, I had to have it even though it only has two songs I don't  already own.  The booklet containing the lyrics has the lyrics written in  several languages, although the actual cd is in English.  The actual cd is  completely green, instead of green and orange like the original.<br />For  devoted Natalie fans, it is a must have, still, for those just becoming  interested in her, save yourselves the money and buy the original  Tigerlilly.
B000002LGQ|5.0|If you listen to Madonna's CDs in cronilogical order, you would see the growth as a writer and muscian. Like a Prayer and Ray of Ligt, in my opinion are THE Madonna CD's to own. Take Like A Prayer, a wonderfully  lyrical and musical feat that was completly unexpected from her. Add Live  to Tell, Express Yourself, Till Dealth Do Us Part, etc. and theres isn't  really anything NOT to like.
B000002I2G|5.0|Very underrated Doors' album.  Although it does not contain any &quot;hit&quot; songs, true Doors' fans will be pleased with this album.  The song &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; is reason enough to own it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Awesome stuff. The best sci-fi of the decade, and it shows what rubbish The Phantom Menace was (under any other name but the Star Wars franchise it would have been seen for what it is - over-inflated and boring). THIS, on  the other hand is definately the way forward. I am glad to hear Matrix II  and III will be with us soon (not soon enough! )<br />Great stuff
B00000K19E|5.0|Unique script , breathtaking efects. Very good image and sound quality. An excelent DVD buy.
0792156684|1.0|If James Cameron got to the &quot;top of the world&quot; with this rubbish then there is no justice in life at all.<br />This is terrible. It is the worst film I have ever seen. A big boat sinks. It looks impressive. I have  seldom seen more wooden acting, a film which lacks story, characterisation  and drama to life it above the tedious melodrame we are presented  with.<br />Ignore the hype, the publicity and actually watch this  over-inflated nonsense. It is, quite simply, pure rubbish which patronises  the viewer into thinking it is watching a &quot;good&quot; film.<br />Cameron,  Di Caprio and Winslet should be ashamed of themselves.<br />Awful.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix was unbelievable. The special effects were great, The acting was incredible.<br />I question why hollywood had not discovered Carrie Anne Moss ( who played trinity ) long ago. She is an extremely talented  actress.<br />Keanu Reeves was actually great in this film.<br />And we can't  forget Laurence Fishburne as Morpheus.<br />I usually don't go for this kind  of movie. But it had alot of spiritual messages behind this film.<br />My hat  is off to the Wachowski Brothers who directed the film.
B00002MZ2T|1.0|This is one of there worst CD's ever. They sing way to high, they sound like girls. Don't waste your money!
6305537798|5.0|I would suggest this movie to anyone who needs a good laugh. May be a little risqu for younger audiences, but my teenage friends and I loved it. If you watch it be prepared to quote lines spontaneously. &lt;good advice:  may be addicting&gt;
B00001QGPR|5.0|Hours.  Hours is extremely different from any other album in '90's.  Heck, it's different from any other David Bowie album.  Coming off the techno scene (Earthling), I'm assuming Bowie wanted to return to rock but not  entirely.  He developed his own genre of music, a kind of rock mellow rock.   This isn't bad at all.  The songs, yet again, are very creative and seem  to draw you back to remember the good ol' days.  Bowie himself said that  the album is essentially &quot;an old man reflecting on his life.&quot;   This is a must for everyone's CD collection!
B000002AZ8|5.0|I will try to avoid using phrases such as others have on this review board for Vitalogy, but it will be hard.  <br />  There are three amazingly beautiful songs on here...proving that Eddie Vedder is one of the great  songwriters of our time.  The first of which is called Nothingman--an  incredible ballad dealing with a man, who is thrown out by his family and  forced to go out on his own.  Now, I don't know if anyone else got the same  images as me while listening to this song, but (sadly), never before had I  actually had such a vivid mental picture of something when listening to a  song, as I would when, say, reading a novel.  When Vedder sings &quot;Into  the sun...yeah into the sun...burn burn...yeah burn,&quot; I get this  amazing mental picture of the black silhouette of a man, walking alone  (&quot;walks on his own, with thoughts he can't help thinkin&quot;) on a  lone, deserted road in the middle of a desert-like area, walking into the  sun, a bright ball on a hazy canvas of darkening blue sky.  So  beautiful...thanks Eddie.<br />  Anywho, the next great song on the album was  Better Man, that starts off with a lightly audible whisper, and gains in  confidence and power as it continues, as if Eddie's voice has a life of its  own, carrying itself wherever it wants to go.<br />  The last great song on  this album (but please, don't count the others out, we all have different  tastes), is CORDUROY...hell yeah.  It starts out with a great guitar solo,  building in power much like Eddie's voice in &quot;Better Man,&quot; and  the end result is a mesmerizing and very catchy song that, after the first  listen, you will want to sing along with Eddie until the last pluck of a  guitar string.  If there's one song that's hailed more than any other on  this review board, it has to be Corduroy
B00001OH7P|5.0|That's right!  This what Bowie is remembered for.  His ability to take the average Joe and make him into the most loyalist of fans with his music.  This album is for those just meeting Bowie's music.  Songs like  &quot;Moonage Daydream&quot; and &quot;Starman&quot; will show you what  David is all about.  And if you're intelligent enough you will notice that  there is indeed a theme to the whole album!
0345350499|5.0|Even though the characters referred to in this book lived centuries ago, their perspective still offers insight into the minds of females today.  On the one hand you have Gwenhyfar, the subservient wife bound to a man who  she cannot love, and on the other hand you have Morgaine, the independant  and liberated woman who cannot find happiness.  This book is one of the  first retellings of history from a female perspective.  The Mists of Avalon  is a feminist masterpiece.
B00003CXAY|5.0|I first saw this film when a girlfriend took me to a showing in D.C. with Philip Glass conducting &amp; performing in the soundtrack live!  Never have I been so moved by a film!  I have been on a quest ever since to show  as many people this film as possible.  I've also been looking for a copy to  purchase and am disappointed that there is not one available.  Maybe with  the release of the 3rd installment they'll put a package together.  in the  mean time- get the soundtrack.  Its worth it!  Also- if you get to see  Glass perform live I'd highly recommend it!
B000003S5H|5.0|All I can say is 'wow!' I bought this CD on a whim, and I am very glad I did. This is a very interesting and complex music. It just kinda flows and glides thru the room. I have played this CD to almost everyone I know. All  like it. Several went out and bought it. You can listen to it over and over  and over and over and over.......
B000002UKS|4.0|After a stellar debut offering in 1995, Dave Grohl did his part once again to conquer the rock world. \\"The Colour and the Shape\\" is a high-decibel, ferocious sophomore album. Grohl's lyrics come off as brasher and more personal, while the music suffers a bit from constricted, glossed-over production. Despite that, Grohl maintains a sense of fun and innocence -- despite his personal problems at the time. \\"Colour\\" is more diverse and ambitious than the first [[ASIN:B0000CAXID Foo Fighters]] CD, with songs like the grandoise \\"February Stars\\" that stray from Grohl's punk-rock roots. He positively wakes the dead with the searing scream on \\"Enough Space,\\" while at the  other end of the spectrum, \\"Walking After You\\" is a sweetly sung ditty that's enhanced by a shimmering gong in the background. Other  standouts include the soft-loud mechanics of \\"My Poor Brain,\\" the insightful \\"My Hero\\" and \\"New Way Home,\\" which has longing references to Seattle. Actually, the bottom half of this album is probably the more enjoyable.<br /><br />As stated before, not every song here lives up to Grohl's work on his debut, and the overpolished sound gives \\"Colour\\" an overly professional-sounding feel at times. Even the guitar feedback at the  start of \\"My Poor Brain\\" sounds overtly planned and vaguely contrived. Still, it's not a bad second album for the Foos, and it proved to be one of the band's more popular records.
B0000025DV|5.0|This album defines ELO's early success.  This assemblage of songs is awesome.  I particularly enjoy &quot;Jungle&quot; among others.  This is a CD that I put on, hit continuous play, and listen and listen.  I've always  liked the way that ELO's music includes not only traditional rock  instrumentation, but electronic classical instruments, like strings, as  well.<br />I enjoy &quot;ELO's greatest hits,&quot; &quot;Discovery,&quot;  &quot;Face the Music,&quot; &quot;New World Record,&quot; the  &quot;Xanadu&quot; movie soundtrack, and other works, but I believe that  &quot;Out of the Blue&quot; will always represent the best of ELO for  me.<br />If you buy only one ELO album, I'd recommend that you seriously  consider this one. It was a two-disc LP when it came out in vinyl, now  together on one CD.  Great stuff!
B000002AZ8|5.0|Vitlaogy is a very good album.  Despite some reviews, I believe this is one of Pearl Jam's best albums.  It has it's own technic and sound. The entire cd has a great quality that you can not stop listening to.  It has  some great songs like &quot;Nothingman&quot;  and &quot;betterman&quot;.   If you like pearl Jam, then get this cd.  It's an excellent  choice.<br />HeyMitchum@hotmail.com
B00000IQW3|4.0|I'm not sure why, but I really enjoy this film.  Well, I also really enjoyed &quot;TRON&quot; when it came out.  Maybe I'm a sucker for computer graphics.<br />In any case the story line is based on a small town just  graduated HS student who escapes his mundane life by playing a video game.   Then one night he breaks the high score -- he's the hero of the trailer  park.  Well, before long aliens appear, he's whisked off on an adventure,  and everyone else is wondering what's happening!<br />The story is classic  radio sci-fi fantasy, the acting is fine, and the computer animation that  supports the story broke the trail for the more sophisticated digital  animation that rules in box offices today.<br />I give this movie four stars  only because of the somewhat dated appearance of the FX, but I still  thoroughly enjoy this story.<br />It's worth a try, as long as you're not  expecting too much -- a great movie for a calm Saturday afternoon.
0684874350|5.0|Mr.McCourt walks us through his life of extreme poverty,without any &quot;light at the end of the tunnel&quot; and yet,he prevailed. It's amazing what the human psychic could endure and come out a shining star.  There was death, starvation, alchoholism, and poverty but love was always  twinkling. It must have taken Mr.McCourt a great deal to jot it down on  paper. God Bless.
B00003003R|4.0|If you like Guns n' Roses, then this is a great CD for you to get.  It has almost every GNR song worth listening to.  There's only a couple songs that I would have liked to have seen on this album...but all in all it's a  fantastic collection of their hits that's definately worth buying.
B000009ED0|5.0|i love it, it is soo raw and honest. it's totally kid rock, it talks about pimpin, his son and who the mother is, life, drugs, addictions, etc. all that is amzing with his life. i love this cd.
B000002H2H|5.0|Along with &quot;Powerage&quot; by AC/DC, this is my favorite album ever.  You don't have to be a die hard Metallica fan to really like it either.  Every single song on this CD is absolutely amazing.  Most people seem to  like Master of Puppets the best but I think this is definitely the best of  their albums.  Next would be the Black one and then Master of Puppets.  If  your looking for one or two Metallica albums, make sure this is one of  them!
B000000OPU|5.0|Peter G. is my favorite singer, but a couple of his songs (like this is the picture) are kind of weird. Somes songs are really rock and rolly, others are quiet and slow. If you like Peter Gabriels other recordings, get  this one!
0784011613|5.0|What can I say, it makes me cry, every time...and I didn't believe that anyone could do good films anymore!
B000031WD9|4.0|An enjoyable movie, but all hints that this is significantly different from the theatre version are unfounded.
6302824613|5.0|My favorite movie of all time!  If you have never seen it, make every effort to catch it!  If you love a good comedy...this one is for you.  Mike Myers must have been a fan... Great acting, great directing, and a crazy  story!  Fans are waiting for the DVD!
B0000024IE|5.0|this disc is still slamming.911 is a joke hits home.burn hollywood burn was Right on Time.Who Stole The Soul? is a great jam&amp; the truth.R-N-B was Dead when this came out and now it's just Rotten.Chuck D. always put  the facts out their.this is very essential.with the  production&amp;sounds.the lyrics were coming from the Soul.
0784011206|5.0|First Blood: First Artisan Entertainment has done and outstanding job bringing this to DVD.  The wide-screen format changes this entire movie, if you have only seen it on the standard Pan &amp; Scan on video you are  missing out.  Sound quality is also outstanding.  However forget the  documentary: A look back.  Now about the movie: Why the hell to people say  this movie is so violent!  There is only one death caused in the movie  (watch it and count for yourself)!  This movie is full of action, but if  you watch it and really think about who and what John Rambo is, you will  find that this movie is emotional too.  Just think of how isolated Rambo  most feel with all his friends from the war dead.  Then returning home to a  country that judged and hating him for fighting in a war.  So returned home  a killing machine that can't hold down a job and is now a drifter.  Trying  to find an old war buddy.  Then harassed and abused by the local sheriff  deparment cause of the way he looks! He is also suffering from Post  Dramatic Stress Disorder, which is why he snaps in the jail.  Just watch  the end of this movie 2 or 3 times when Rambo brakes down in front of the  colonel.  If you don't start to feel emotional then something is wrong with  you.  Read the book too!
0790729989|5.0|New line cinema is working on the SPECIAL EDITION re-release of this dvd to be released hopefully in march or april 2000.  It will be a single sided, anamorphically enhanced version, something the first dvd release was  not. It will also contain commentary with David Fincher, Morgan Freeman,  and Brad Pitt, as well as alternate scenes and story boards. It will be  very similar to the previosly released Criterion Laserdisc, if not  Identical.<br />The Currently available DVD was two sided to improve picture  quality. By spacing the film out over two sides, they could reduce the  compression rate.  This disc was also released before the days of dual  layered discs.  But seeing as how it cost me twenty bucks, watched it 20  times, and I had it for 2 years, Id say I got my moneys worth out of it.  I  just wouldnt buy this particular disc anymore.
6304118392|1.0|This was the worst movie ever made. It was nothing but a graphic, deranged mess. I was tramitized for nine months after I saw this monstrasity. I'd rather be thrown into a pit of acid than to sit through it again. This  movie was truly a crime against humanity.
0899663001|5.0|This book displays the relationship between the British and the Indians during British rule in India in a fascinating way. I was amazed at how much this book can reveal about the Indians and British just through dialouge. I  recommend this book to all and urge you to buy it.
B000001DWG|4.0|Andrew Wood.  Mother Love Bone.  If it weren't for his death, what great heights would this beautiful poet have gone?  At times gentle, at times raw, this record kicks!
B000000H5K|5.0|This is the creme-de-la-creme of Sepultura.  Sure it's a lot different than Choas A.D. or Arise, but it really works.  It starts out by smashing ya upside yo head with &quot;Roots Bloody Roots&quot; and doesn't stop till  your ears bleed.  My only beef about the Cd would be the tribal  interruption of the otherwise orgasmic &quot;Ambush.&quot;  When I hear  that song, I get goosebumps.  The jam just breaks it up.  Highlights  include &quot;Roots Bloody Roots,&quot;  &quot;Cut Throat&quot;  &quot;Straighthate&quot; &quot;Dusted&quot; &quot;Ambush&quot; and  &quot;Endangered Species.&quot;  You definitly need to pick this CD up, it  is spectacular.
6305229449|5.0|Have you ever heard of Deborah Sampson? It is a real life Mulan- except with the Revolllutionaary War. I am very into History -that's why I liked this movie so much.
0425170349|5.0|I have read all of TOm Clancys books so far. My favorite before this one was Without Remorse. Usually in his books I feel that I could have had just as good a book with 100 or so less pages. BUT NOT IN THIS BOOK. I had read  all the reviews and noticed that the average rating was a 3. and I can not  understand why.  His last few novels have been longer than needed, and  maybe not up to his high standards. Alot of authors fail to reach the  heights they reached earlier. John Grisham is one of those...Once a great  author, now a horrible BORING one.  I feared that Mr Clancy was heading the  same direction after the last two novels and the reviews here, but NO SIR!  he is back with avengence! I can not think of editing out a single word of  this novel. Do yourself a favor and pick it up... And while you are at it,  grab Vince Flynn, and Steven Hunters latest... both are first rate  thrillers..
6302824613|4.0|You have to appreciate the movie for what it is, not what we all think it's supposed to be--yes, there is an actual CASINO ROYALE that Fleming wrote, but this has really nothing to do with it- first off, it's a  ruthless parody on everything 007. Secondly, it's a piece of sixties art  that just happens to be on film. The actors are first rate, even if the  flow (and the content) is weird at times. So don't worry about going from  point A to B, just sit back and take in the ride.
B000007RV5|5.0|I thought this was a great CD. Many people don't like Limp Bizkit because of how they swear a lot. But their songs usually aren't about bad stuff. They're just expressing their feelings in a different way than most people.
B00000IJPU|4.0|First off, this is a GREAT buy to start you off on Iron Maiden.  It features the band's best hits with Bruce Dickinson at vocals, and a couple of songs with Blaze Bayley.  &quot;Aces High&quot;, &quot;The Trooper&quot;  and &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name&quot; are just some of the great hits on  this record that keep me and million other Maiden fans faithful to the  band.<br />The only REALLY BIG problem with this album, which is also the  reason why this album doesn't get a 5 star-review, is the absence of the  hits from their first two albums, which started them off on their journey!   Sure, Running Free&quot; is on there, but hits like &quot;Iron  Maiden&quot;, &quot;Prowler&quot;, and &quot;Sanctuary&quot; (just to name  a few) were all classic tracks on the albums that started Maiden off --  &quot;Iron Maiden&quot; and &quot;Killers&quot;.<br />Still, this compilation  is a GREAT BUY for those just starting on Iron Maiden, and those who have  been fans forever, like me.
B00003CWPL|4.0|This was a strange--yet good--David Lynch film to view.  Not only does the low exposure B&amp;W film make it all the more foreboding and better, but the visuals--such as Henry's infant child--add to the overall mystery of  the film.  A little hard to follow here and there, but if you start looking  over what your mind recorded when you watched it, thousands of conclusions  can be formed.  Overall, a great David Lynch film.  Buy it, rent it, JUST  PLAIN WATCH ERASERHEAD. --Matt Fore FilmGuy102@aol.com
B0000024W3|5.0|Dylan is happy, contented, and plays his heart out on this wide-ranging collection of covers, new tunes, and live tracks.  This is not the Dylan some &quot;purists&quot; demand of him -- perhaps that is why this album is  so vehemently derided by some.  Over time, however, it emerges as a solid,  confident collection from the one of the greatest artists of the our age.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Phil Collins had some terrific hits that have stood the test of time-like almost 20 years now. With 16 songs here and a full album, this CD is a great value and highly recommended to anyone who wants to relive great 80's  and 90's music.
0062502182|4.0|Two friends of mine reconmmended I read this book.So I did what I was told,while reading the first chapter,I go &quot;wow ! I don't believe it's just a novel!&quot;I meditated on words connecting to myself,and I got  inspired a lot.It's absolutely a must-read ,trust me.It'll change your  viewpoints toward things you struggle with and your life.The book's  currently on loan for my friend now.Thanks a lot my beloved friends---Mary  Ann &amp; Manoli!
6304675348|5.0|This movie revived the teen horror genre. You have to give Williams credit. He was working with gold here,sheer gold! When I first went to see this film,I really didn't know what it was about. But I found that I  actually enjoyed it! It has everything you could want from a  movie:Horror(of course!),suspense,comedy,what more could you want! There  were scenes I actually found myself laughing out loud! As we all know this  was followed by a sequel(which lacked originality) and now a thrid film(I  just saw it yesterday! Trust me you want be disappointed! You'll never  guess who the killer is!)I don't think I really have to explain the  story,I'm almost sure just about everyone has seen this movie. But  anyway,it's a bout a girl played by Neve Campbell. Who is being stalked by  a serial killer. Some time before Campbell's mother was brutally killed! So  this brought out the question,why would someone be doing this to her! A  reason that was purposed was that Cambell accused the WRONG man of killing  her mother,and NOW maybe the ACTUALLY killer was still at lose!  I don't  want to give it all away to someone if there is someone who hasn't seen  this. Soon Campbell finds her life in serious danger! What will she do?  WATCH THE MOVIE AND FIND OUT!  TRUST ME YOU'LL SCREAM!
1558908498|3.0|We look at the recently released Cruel Intentions and we have about four hours worth of goodies. Deleted scenes, director commentary, music videos - the whole megillah.<br />We look at Scream 2 and we have color and widescreen.  Oh Joy. I know for a fact that there are some deleted scenes running around  (a lot of magazines that have promoted both Scream 2 and 3 have pictures of  another scene involving Cici and the other sorority sisters).<br />Anyway, I  saw this DVD at a friends house and I can guarentee I won't be buying it  until there are some nicer extras on it.
0767805712|5.0|I own both, first I bought the video, then after having seen the movie a dozen times I bought the DVD. And it was worth the money. Excellent picture quality, perfect sound, I enjoy the spatial sound of people talking in the  halls of gattaca space university (as I call it). The story is perfect  science fiction very close to reality. I like the deeper meaning of this  movie: the power of the human spirit to achieve any goal, even if it seems  too far away and in spite of any given circumstances as bad as these might  even be. Ethan Hawkes performance is incredible, the storyline is  breathtaking. I rate this movie BETTER THAN THE MATRIX. Do you feel bad  about your life or your career? Watch GATTACA!
0887307396|5.0|This is a book which will be a guiding beacon today and even hundered years from now. The principles which the authors have enumerated are time tested ones. I wish there were more books like this.
6305428050|5.0|This movie is a comic masterpiece. Elisabeth Shue and Penelope Ann Miller are hilarious. Chris Columbus' directorial debut shows his gift for comedy and drama. This movie is perfect.
6305627347|5.0|This is the first film that i have ever watched, and laughed through every minute. Let me get this straight. I dont like foul language particulary. But put it in the context of the characters and storyline in South Park and  it becomes a relevant, hilarious part of the show. It has everything, even  big show tunes that will have you rolling in laughter! The only downside is  the absence of any Chef songs. What makes this film so enjoyable, is that  it conveys a message, and it does it well, in a way that allows you to  appreciate the film on two levels. Firstly, the way it conveys the message,  and secondly, the way the message applies to real life attitudes to the  film itself. What other film could see satan in a love affair?  One scene  involving Bill Gates even caused the cinema audience to break out into  applause! If you hate Bill Gates, dont you dare miss this film!
B00003XB8K|4.0|I've always been a fan of enigma, listened time and again to their larger hits (i.e. &quot;Return To Innocence&quot;) but never invested money in an album, uncertain they could keep up such a momentum.  Having purchased this  one cold turkey having only heard the short snippets in the samples to  judge, the quality is exceptional.  Continuity reigns on this album, as no  one song switches too jarringly from a certain style to another.  Yes,  there are changes, but they all remain subtle enough to avoid a  disconnected feeling.  And while the sentiments in &quot;Modern  Crusaders&quot; seem at first cliched and almost repetitious (considering  the ground usually covered by Enigma's lyrics) the re-phrasing of any old  sentiments you may recognize easily makes up for that, making for a fine  song.  Lyrically this album as a whole is proficient, but, as always with  Enigma, no matter how good the lyrics are, the textures of the music are  always the high point.  Just sit back, close your eyes, and let your mind  be swept away in the music.  Only gave it 4 since none of the songs had   quite the same appeal as their hits.  Not to say &quot;hits&quot; are the  only thing that matters, but 1 &quot;hit&quot; + an album full of songs you  like just because YOU do and not the because the general public at large  does makes for the perfect album.  Try it and find out. :)
B00003W8NM|5.0|I watched this at the cinema, and one misfortunate idiot two rows infront of my took it upon himself to leave 40 mintues into the film. No. This film isn't about fighting! Although you'll have to 'endure' a lot especially at the beginning. It is ONE film that conveys so many different and complex  ideas that it left me thinking! Its about  men's primal instincts, and  fight for self respect, and for spiritual freedom. Its about the longing we  feel to escape from the materialism of the world, about anarchy and the  price it brings. How we can never escape comformity, even when seeking  anarchy. I was puzzled by some aspects of the film that didn't make sense.  But i passed those off as silly parts of the film, and as it was a film, I  let the unbelieveable bits go. But suddenly, at the end, it all came  together and made sense!  Above all, the twist at the end knocked me  sideways, and even left me questioning my own sanity. The strangest of  things can happen even to the most normal people.
6305627401|5.0|this has got to be one of the funniest movies i have ever seen..and i've seen alot of movies.<br />south park never fails to make me laugh and the dvd was great,but i wish it would have had more extra features on it than just  the three trailers. buy this dvd folks! you won't be disappointed!
B00003XB8K|4.0|It starts out like a theatrcial show might start. A Las Vegas show. You can just imagine the performers taking their places on stage just as the music on this CD begins.<br />The entire album is theatrical performance and  quite catchy really. It's quite enigmatic, but then again it's Enigma!<br />'Turn around and smell what you don't see  Close your eyes ... it is so  clear  Here's the mirror, behind there is a screen  On both ways you can  get in<br />Don't think twice before you listen to your heart  Follow the  trace for a new start<br />What you need and everything you'll feel  Is just  a question of the deal  In the eye of storm you'll see a lonely dove  The  experience of survival is the key  To the gravity of love<br />'
B000002UAU|4.0|Sure, Sgt. Pepper did influence rock and roll forever but is it all it's cracked up to be? Yes and no. First, the reason for no is Lennon's contributions. Most of the songs he wrote are not bad but not great. Songs  like &quot;Mr. Kite&quot; and &quot;Good Morning&quot; lack focus. But then  there is the classic &quot;Lucy in the Sky...&quot; with it's great organ  line. And yes, basically for the greatest song ever recorded, &quot;A Day  in the Life.&quot; It almost sounds like the end of the world to me. If no  other reason get the album for this song. I'm sure you'll enjoy almost all  of the material even if most of it is McCartney's style of pop. But some of  his best stuff is on this record.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Try these artists Talking heads Velvet Underground Siouxse and the Banshees Television David Bowie<br />Thats boundry breaking
B000002UAR|5.0|Sure, Sgt. Pepper might have been the bigger turning point in their career, but Revolver shines brighter. Every song is a masterpiece from Harrison's &quot;Taxman&quot; to Lennon's bizarre &quot;Tomorrow Never  Knows.&quot; And the best thing about this album is that, unlike Sgt.  Pepper, all of Lennon's contributions are fantastic. This is a must have  for any record collection.
B00000BKDZ|4.0|Getting rid of the excessive keyboard layers of the previous 1986 album worked miracles,since it afforded Maiden an opportunity to concentrate on their hard to equal dual guitar attack and monster bass;this time around  Bruce had a a lot of input making this record-a masterpiece-more of a team  effort than the previous.
B000002UAR|5.0|Sure, Sgt. Pepper might have been the bigger turning point in their career, but Revolver shines brighter. Every song is a masterpiece from Harrison's &quot;Taxman&quot; to Lennon's bizarre &quot;Tomorrow Never  Knows.&quot; And the best thing about this album is that, unlike Sgt.  Pepper, all of Lennon's contributions are fantastic. This is a must have  for any record collection.
B00000BKDY|3.0|It seems that Bruce Dickinson had very little input as far as songwriting for this album is concerned(see credits).Even though it is probably the most keyboard-layered Maiden album and certainly not on a par with their  glorious pre-1985 albums,it features a number of songs which are veritable  gems,i.e.,'Stranger in A Strange Land','Alexander the Great'.
B00004BZ0N|4.0|This title deserves 4 stars, a definitive album for The Clash, I was around when they released it.  A cross over where they perhaps went more &quot;commercial&quot; but still wrote some greta songs..&quot;Rudi Can't  Fail&quot;, &quot;Death or Glory&quot;.  All in all a very political album  with lots of commentary on the then music industry and America.<br />Only gave  it 4 stars because the 5 stars belong to &quot;Give 'em Enough Rope&quot;
B000005RTG|3.0|Hired at the suggestion of Coverdale,Tommy Bolin was never a replacement for Blackmore,but he injected a different type of blood into the band,augmenting the funkier leanings of the previous mark3.Not an essential  item in Deep Purple's discography,but thorough collectors might want to own  this fairly decent album.
630575067X|5.0|Star Wars Episode 1 is the greatest movie since the originals.  The action is thrilling.  The podrace scene makes you feel in the racer.  Everyone will enjoy this.  The final Battle between Darth Maul, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and Qui-Gon Jinn is awesome.  Jar Jar Binks can be annoying but he's cool to.   Not only does this movie rock but its a motion picture masterpiece for the  entire family
0312867123|1.0|Another intriguing idea ruined by poor characters &amp; bad science. It boggles my mind how this writer won a Nebula award for an even worse novel (The Terminal Experiment). Shows the state of the science fiction world, I  guess. Scary.
6305750750|3.0|I love &quot;Star Wars&quot; and consider &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; as one of the greatest movies ever made (which Lucas didn't direct or write the screenplay for, hint, hint), but this film really  doesn't cut it when compared to the original trilogy.<br />The kid playing  Anakin couldn't act if his life depended on it, the digitalized character  Jar Jar Binks belongs on a Saturday morning cartoon show instead of a  &quot;Star Wars&quot; film, the villain (Darth Maul) is utterly  one-dimensional, the script is not only dull but poorly written, a  sarcastic Han Solo type is missing, need I go on?<br />I stood in line for 2  hours to so I could see this movie on opening week (I was simply in denial  about the bad reviews).  I won't make that mistake when &quot;Episode  II&quot; is released, which, optimist that I am, I would like to believe  will be superior to this film, which must have been shot as a first draft  script. But Lucas will be writing and directing that one as well, so let's  keep our fingers crossed.<br />Still, everyone should see the film at least  once-the special effects are nothing short of awe-inspiring.  Ewan McGregor  sounds so much like Alec Guiness that it is truly eerie. The pod race and  the final lightsaber battle are good scenes. As usual, John Williams turns  in a terrific musical score. Were it not for those elements, this film  would have gotten 2 stars only, if not one. As a &quot;Star Wars&quot; fan,  I had intended to buy the film, regardless of all of the problems, but will  not buy it on VHS.Lucas refuses to take advantage of the DVD technology and  release any of the &quot;Star Wars&quot; films on DVD until after  &quot;Episode III&quot; is released. I'll wait. What's the point of buying  the same film twice?
B000001EHS|5.0|I just saw DL in a concert here at Purdue University. It was far and away the best show I've ever seen, and probably the best rock concert Purdue has ever seen. Vault was sold out all over town after the concert so I went to  Amazon to buy it. I prefer 70's rock more than 80's, but Def Leppard is an  exception. This album is a definite &quot;must have&quot; for any rock n  roll fan, or even if you're just a pop fan, I would definitely pick it up.  Every single track on this CD is great!
B0000296SI|5.0|Hi, I bought the unedited version of Blink 182 and I didn't think 2 much of it until i opened it up and listened 2 it. It's not a bad CD. The music is great. The only thing is there were many swares and suggestive things in  their songs. I myself couldn't return it because I had opened the CD. I  love my CD. I listen 2 it everyday and Blink 182 is a great band. I highly  reccomend this CD but 2 older listeners.<br />                    ~Kelly~
B000000WFF|1.0|The spice girls can't sing, they don't play any instruments nor do they write their own lyrics. The songs on spiceworld are superficial and - ultimately - annoying. If you actually like this kind of stuff, I'd suggest  that you give REM, Nine Inch Nails, or even Sheryl Crow a go - and find out  what real music sounds like.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I found that I purchased &quot;Play&quot; for Moby's cut &quot;Porcelain&quot;. The more I listened to this CD, the more I found alternative favorites. This is my first Moby purchase, and I'm thrilled I  stumbled on it. (Diehard Moby fans excuse me - I'm just learning) I find  many tracks to be calming and peaceful (ie: &quot;My Weakness&quot;) and a  few that I could live without that seem to interrupt the overall feel of  this CD. Another reviewer noted that you need to turn this one up to hear  the intricate details...I highly recommend this latest from Moby - the  integration of a funky club beat with  piano solos is very intriguing. I'm  not one to usually contribute to an internet review, but this one had me  hooked from the start.
6305750750|4.0|Okay, so the movie wasn't all that great, and Jar Jar Binks was a pain in the but the movie.  But you have to admit, seeing a jedi in his prime is pretty cool.  Plus in this movie the lightsaber battles were awsome.  They weren't two old guys going at.  Hopefully the next two movies will be  somewhat better.
0671502336|5.0|Joseph Heller's excellent anti-war satire is on of the most poignant, intriguing and comical books ever written. The conversations of his roundabout characters are some of the wittiest pieces of dialogue one could  ever find in a novel, and the underlying satire and social commentary  behind every character and every page really does pack a punch. Catch-22 is  both hilarious, cynical and scathingly satirical: a masterpiece; a  tremendous achievement.<br />It revolves around a group of characters during  WWII, notably the eccentric Yossarian. Yossarian is confined to a small  military on the island of Pianosa, in amongst a large group of weird and  wonderful characters. Each of these characters exhibit strange  idiosyncrasies inflicted by the madness of war: they are vehicles for  Heller to convey the futility and stupidity of the  institution.<br />Yossarian, no matter what he tries, cannot escape bombardier  duty and cannot get transferred. To be transferred, one must be classified  as insane. Hence the Catch-22: by exhibiting a concern for one's personal  safety and asking for a transfer, one is sane. But, by flying combat  missions and risking one's life, one is IN-sane, but by asking to leave,  one is SANE! Yossarian is flummoxed.<br />Catch-22 is one of the best books  ever written and I highly recommend it.
B000000HXK|5.0|This is gorgeous, shimmering (but not slick) music.  I love this album, and I love it all the more because it took several listens before I began to warm to it.  Ain't that always the way?  No longer in print, but worth  seeking out if you are the type of person that is patient with music that  demands patience.  Enjoy.
6304025831|5.0|This was the best movie I have seen in a while. The actors were brilliant and this movie had everything right as a mobster tale from the beginning to the end! This tale shows that no one can stay on top forever.
6303921248|5.0|If you turned the book upside down and shook it so the characters fell out of the pages, they would be just like the characters portrayed by the actors in this film!<br />Usually seeing a move after reading the book is  disappointing in that the characters or the plot or something is changed,  but this was a faithful representation of Austen's novel.
6304712936|2.0|I fell prey to a deception: Academy Award: Best Picture, Produced by: Saul Zaentz. In this case, that combination was hardly worth the paper on which it was printed.<br />I knew little about the life of Mozart when I started  watching, and knew little more upon completion. Sure it's lavish, and sure  it's grand, and  it is fun. Maybe too many caricatures, not enough reality?  I can't imagine the finished product is the film they set out to  make.<br />Don't get me wrong. It's not the responsibility of every historical  film to educate, but usually a certain amount of education comes with the  territory. Here it is all a la carte I am saddened to say. <br />This film  hardly stands in there with many of the Best Picture winners, but it is by  no means the bottom of the heap either.<br />On to the next.
6305291500|1.0|This was a horrible movie.  There was so much that needed to be explained that they never got to in this movie.  All this movie is basicly is kissing.  A waste.  I would've smashed this DVD if it was mine.
0790729369|4.0|Its so rare these days for a Hollywood movie that starts with a major league best seller, to turn into anything but homogenous drivel, particularly by the time you've loaded  big-time on-screen, and off the  screen talent, and forced the story into a script that provides both strong  male and female leads-something required these days to get all the boxes  checked on the studio marketing head's questionnaire.<br />My advantage in  screening Bridges, was that I hadn't read the book, and had no expectations  as a result, I didn't leave the theater saying, `they left so and so out,  or that was different than the book...' You know the drill.<br />What I got was  a good, sensitive story, artfully crafted and presented by two premiere  film stars, showing their wares singularly and jointly..<br />It is likely  that they are both terribly miscast...maybe Streep 10 years ago, and Eastwood  20 would have been a stronger match, yet no one in today's acting circles  comes to mind as a preferable substitute. I found their romance by no means  unbelievable.<br />Lets give screenwriter Richard LaGravanese some  credit-although he bit it a bit with his directorial debut `Living Out  Loud', he's right on target here. Eastwood longtime collaborator Jack Green  presents us with beautiful,  stirring images-the tent pole to the entire  experience.<br />Will watch it over and over again without tiring.
B000005QH3|5.0|Absolutely the best car chase movie ever made! Ex cop, ex race driver Kowalski takes his 440 Dodge Challenger in a mad dash from Denver to San Francico for a reason only he knows! With the aid of blind disc jockey,  &quot;Super Soul&quot; he outruns the &quot;Big Blue Meanies&quot; through  4 states, reliving his tortured past and meets an interesting array of  people along the way! The movie is fast paced, helped along by one of the  best movie soundtracks ever put together, with music from Kim Carnes, Jerry  Reed, Mountain, and a whole lot more! The movie begins showing the almost  ending and flashes back to Day One! Even when you get to the ending again,  it leaves you wondering if there could be a sequal! Barry Newman as  Kowalski, Cleavon Little, (Blazing Saddles) as &quot;Super Soul are  perfect! I saw this movie 25 times in the theaters in 1971, and still enjoy  this movie on video as much today! I give it, 2 Thumbs Up and 2 Big Toes  up!
B00000JGHL|1.0|Harold Becker is a director you can trust, that is, if you're Al Pacino. If you're just some stiff with $8.00 for a movie ticket, then `let the buyer beware' should be your credo.<br />I am not a big Pacino fan, feeling he  only plays one character well, and that one I'm way past tired. John  Cusack, on the other hand, is a different story. Next to him Pacino has a  good chance of looking good here, and he does.<br />What Bridget Fonda or her  character is doing, I have no idea. The role she plays here is so  meaningless you have to wonder if she put some money in the picture  herself. In the fast moving world of Hollywood's careers, one rarely  recovers from this Waterworld sized mistake. She gets her mortgage paid,  I'm sure, but we get absolutely nothing in return. The on-screen chemistry  between Fonda and Cusack rivals the Jodie Foster-Matthew McConaghey pairing  in \\"Contact\\", (or Lisa Marie Presley and anybody), for lack of heat.<br />The  story? Who knows? It wanders aimlessly (like New York City bureaucracy) to  an unsatisfactory, or no real conclusion (like New York City bureaucracy).  If the purpose was to show us that even those with best of  intentions...(can't get anything done) well we know that already. Maybe that  there is a fine line between the good guys and the bad guys...but we know  that already.<br />That a Harold Becker movie will leave you less than  satisfied....we know that already.
6305052158|1.0|One of the great westerns of all time has been butchered in this DVD form which looks and sounds like a 3rd generation knock-off.Apparently, Paramount no longer has the rights or the interest in saving this gem. Warn  your customers and have them find the wide-screen laser-disk.
0780622553|5.0|This is likely what the makers of BATMAN envisioned, but missed. Had BATMAN, from a style standpoint, been  the `one small step for film' then  Dark City is the `one giant leap for film kind'. It is superb at  translating theme through the use of the moody visuals and music. A heady  approach to the future of filmmaking.<br />Think L.A. Confidential goes to  Gotham City, and you have all you need to know to sit back and let this  visionary piece of work wash over you.<br />I'll be the first to admit all the  nay-saying I did in the theatres playing the Dark City trailers, but I  gladly eat my words and look forward to seeing another like this from  Mr.  Proyas.
B000002KXV|5.0|It's Fagen, and just amazing, with the cast and crew he put together on this one, it's abolustly not going to fail.  Every groove puts away the dismal eighties sound you would expect.  Marcus Miller holds the groove to  the extreme, with Larry Caroton soloing and adding his flavour  throughout...With harmonies that blow you away, and fagen lyrics that make  you laugh and cry, Own this one, and keep playing it, it's not only a  treasure, but an education as well.  We will only hope for the best out of  &quot;two against nature&quot;, when we will find out if fagen, along with  his mastermind walter becker, own and control this bussiness of groove.
B00000G3AZ|1.0|The definition of fad.<br />By the time Emma Thompson was attempting her Austen-esque witticisms as she received her screenplay adaptation Academy Award for Sense and Sensibility, Jane Austen was already finished as a  viable movie source. Almost as quickly as she became hot, she was not. I  just don't think many had realized it yet.<br />Emma is a weak premise, at  best, and this interpretation is outright intolerable. To say it pales in  comparison to Clueless may be brash, considering the teen-fodder compost  that was the Amy Heckerling version.<br />Sometimes classic literature should  remain just that, literature.<br />Could there be a bigger waste of time with  Gwyneth Paltrow present? Unfortunately yes---it's called Great Expectations  (1998).
B000006I14|5.0|This classic was really revolutionary in the way it portrayed a mood of darkness and evil through the different camera angles and use of shadows.  Schreck is wonderful as the rodent-like vampire who is definitely more like  the beast Stoker's book described than any of the film versions that came  later.  The film moves along great and the whole cast is strong.  The  strongest visuals of this film are the scene of the vampire on the top deck  of the ship, the elongated shadow creeping up the stairs and the best of  all is when he tilts straight up in the cargo hold, that one is till eerie  today.  This is a terrific film that  really helped set a foundation for  the horror genre and for filmmaking in general.
6305358613|3.0|The enormous support for this film in the press, Academy and other Awards is a further indication of how starved contemporary movie going audiences are.<br />Don't get me wrong, I liked the film well enough, but was extremely  disappointed nonetheless. <br />There is little reading anymore and the  quality of education is diminishing. It is my expectation that visual media  like film and TV should take on substantial roles in providing historical  information to those who might otherwise be ignorant.<br />I knew little of  Queen Elizabeth prior to my viewing this film, and knew only minimally more  after I had finished. The production design and costuming, while  interesting and possibly accurate (who really knows) left me not knowing  who was whom and where was where. It is the responsibility of the  filmmakers to keep us IN the story,  they failed miserably here. Had I an  advanced degree in European history perhaps my reaction would be rabid,  instead of  tepid.<br />A few directions, some simple titles, narration,  or  background exposition, would have helped immensely. Somehow I feel the  filmmakers believed themselves to be above all that drivel, proud  to let  us stumble along, continually uncertain as to who was whom, and which side  was which. It's the arrogance of Kenneth Branagh-style filmmaking.<br />Cate  Blanchett as Elizabeth is good in the same way John Hurt was a good  Elephant Man, again, who really knows? <br />We certainly don't need another  Kenneth Branagh, a man who pompously makes costume dramas without regard to  any sort of audience involvement, preferring to throw his ideas and images  at them, catch if catch can, like a rich man throws pennies to a beggar.  Should the success of Elizabeth spurn growth of that type of filmmaking.,  then I am saddened even more.
6305750750|5.0|Star Wars: Episode I is one of the greatest movies of all time.  Don't believe what all of the critics are saying: they are liars!  The truth is that this is a very good movie with the most amazing special effects,  sound, music, plot and acting.  This special widescreen edition is a  limited edition with an exclusive behind-the-scenes, The Art of Star Wars,  and an actual film celL!  What more could you want!   Well, other than a  double-sided lightsaber, but you can see the best Darth of them all playing  with one!
0790737345|4.0|Big budget, rework of European classic, heavy below the line (talent) costs. In this day and age you're usually looking at the recipe for (non)success. Attach Brian Grazer or Peter Guber, and you've increased  those odds tremendously.<br />City of Angels does not fail, however. Perhaps  it's the impassioned story of Wim Wenders, nare-to-be-deflected in the  mish-mosh  of American remake. Maybe its just that we love Meg Ryan pretty  much every time she tees it up, and Nick Cage is fine when he stays out of  the way, which he does here expertly. Maybe its because one of our most  beloved actors today, Dennis Franz, finally gets a movie role which  complements our preconceived notion of the man, rather than playing against  that type.<br />The John Seale photography is right on target, as is the  beautiful Gabriel Yared score.<br />This film finely fits what I like to  call....'there's absolutely nothing wrong with it' type of movie-great for  couples, or the man with an easily exposed `sensitive' side.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage are back and sound just as crazy as ever. This album is better than Evil Empire but not the debut. Tom Morello is still using his spacy effects on songs like Calm Like a Bomb, Testify and Ashes In the Fall. Zack sounds much clearer on this album than he did on Evil Empire so you can better understand what he is saying. Tim Sounds great he has more of a funk groove going on this one. Brad's drumming is quality as usual. I know they're a political band but you don't really have to pay attention to that to enjoy the music. You may not understand the meaning of everything he's talking about in the songs if you don't know what it's about. Get this cd just because most will enjoy the loud, hard riffs and great rhythm section. As always all the noises they make are made with their instruments. For all the people who say Rage are hypocrites, I'd like to know how you would get your message out without using some kind of big business. Yes they were signed with Sony but they didn't go and spend their money all on themselves, they donated to many of the organizations they supported and though capitalism may not be their favorite thing if you can use it to get your message out then why not use it.
6303461484|5.0|I'm a big Jeff DeMunn fan, so  where he goes so go I. <br />Accordingly as  HBO began  to tease their upcoming made-for movie, Citizen X, I know nothing of a Russian serial killer, Andre Chikatilo (brilliantly played by  DeMunn) nor filmmaker Chris Gerolmo who adapted and directed this tale  under the made-for-HBO banner. I only know that if Jeff DeMunn is in it, it  will be worth the watch.<br />And it was...even more so.<br />The story is true, of  a dangerous Russian serial killer and molester of children, who's  apprehension is delayed by a defensive Russian government. A government  afraid to admit to themselves and to their people that such an animal can  exist in Soviet Russia.(Chikatilo murdered 52 people)<br />A brilliant cast:  DeMunn, Stephen Rea, Donald Sutherland, and  Max Von Sydow are supported by  stark and stunning Eastern European landscapes, and a nail-biter of a story  that will not turn you loose.<br />Get out the popcorn and the pickles.
B000007T2Z|5.0|I bought this album last summer, not really knowing what to expect. I just knew it was similar to Mogwai and Sigur Rs. I didnt like it much to begin with and listened more to Slow riot for new zero Kanada EP. But then one  night I put it on, turned off the lights and just listened, it was  incredible. This album is in fact best listened to like that, in my opinion  at least. The long weird parts that had annoyed me seemed so fitting. So I  do not agree with my compatriot, Brynjolfur, and say this album is just as  good as, if not better than Slow riot..., I do agree with him though in  recommending Sigur Rss Svefn-G-Englar and if youre reading this after  April, when their album gtis Byrjun will be released, I highly recommend  that album too.
6305232660|2.0|Some feel the action picture of the 1980's is now going the way of  \\"classic rock\\"  music and I tend to agree. \\"Deep Impact\\" tries hard to recreate many of the steps to failure to which we've become accustomed as  this genre develops (and plays out) in the late 1990's. When your lead  character's parents have good-sized speaking parts, and they are played by  once-high-profile, and now grist mill fodder such as Maximilian Schell and  Vanessa Redgrave you may want to start to worry (although I'll admit Schell  did have a great turn in \\"The Freshman\\"(1990)). I mean what, if any value  could these `parents' play in the story? It's fairly easy to predict that  our main character will be `flawed' but can't he just hit the bottle, or  just show some irregular sociopathic behavior?  Could I really care about  his (her) relation ship with mommy and daddy? Just pour some more  eFx on  top if you please.<br />Perhaps scripters Bruce Joel Rubin (My Life) and  Michel Tolkin (The Player), neither of whom have ever had the word `action'  associated with their writing offer a freshness with their script.  Preferring not to depend on a lead role, \\"Deep Impact\\" is entirely  story-driven--thankfully, since every time Tea Leoni takes the screen I get  that `fingernails on the chalkboard' feeling-can you say \\"Flirting With  Disaster\\"?.<br />Have seen the film twice now, and must say I found it  perfectly agreeable although, aside from the `comet to hit earth--rescue  mission engaged--will the world survive?' normal story progression, I have  no idea really what the dang thing was about.<br />Maybe it's all the well.
0671027344|2.0|After reading Chbosky's Perks of Being A Wallflower, I wondered if the author had watched any soap operas.  The story of Charlie, a fifteen year old freshman from Pittsburgh, offers insight on the events of his life  thusfar.  However, it seems as if EVERYTHING that can go wrong in someone's  life does in Charlie's... molestation, suicide, date rape, physical abuse,  drugs, and homosexual sex are all part of Charlie's existence.  Perhaps I'm  naive, but I can't imagine that anyone's life can be filled with that many  obstacles (except of course your average soap opera character).  Is it any  wonder that Charlie ends up in a mental institution?  While it's obvious  that he was imitating Catcher in the Rye, Charlie's life seems almost  unfathomable!
6301930827|4.0|There have been many global nuclear war stories, and this is not the best, but I've always loved this film.<br />It's a combination of cast and perspective. Whereas most films have a single strong storyline, and maybe a  couple of smaller sub plots, this film bypasses that usual structure,  preferring instead to use 3 or 4 main plotlines, all moving forward, all  converging on the same point. Good non-traditional approach managed by a  great non-traditional director, Jack Shoulder (The Hidden).<br />And for a  film that did not go to theatres, this one has a strong cast: Powers Booth  teams with Rebecca DeMornay to fly the nuclear bomber. James Earl Jones and   Jeffrey DeMunn battle Darren McGavin and  Rip Torn as they try to  overthrow our world during the ensuing panic. And Martin Landau as the Prez  trying to keep it all together.<br />Nice story, good pace, strong finish. I  like it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Take everything you've heard about Metallica &quot;selling out&quot; and not staying true to their roots - now THROW ALL THAT IN THE BIN.  This album ROCKS.  The old stuff sounds as good as ever, the new stuff fits in  perfectly with it and the orchestra adds a new dimension like nothing  you've ever heard.  Still don't believe me?  Just check 'em out live next  time they come near you - with OR without the orchestra!
B000002N2P|5.0|I've had this album for a few years now, but I still listen to it all the time. This is definately the best Green Day album out there. It's much harder than &quot;Dookie&quot;, and much better too. If you've heard bad  things about this cd, ignore them all! Listen to a hard-core fan like me!  This is so great, you just have to hear it for yourself!  Buy, listen and  enjoy the work of pure musical geniuses!
6302732875|5.0|This movie is an outstanding conversion of the play by David Mamet, with the exceptional extra dialogue of Alec Baldwin thrown in for good measure.  It might seem slow for people looking for a moving, changing plot, but if  you're looking for character development and sheer attitude, this movie is  for you.<br />You'll definitely want to watch this one just to exchange  insults in the office -- in my office, we actually had people watch it when  we brought them on staff so they wouldn't be insulted when we started  exchanging lines.
B000006XSD|2.0|This album probably best represents Alice's actual state of alcoholic daze than does &quot;From The Inside&quot; - Alice's famous record about his rehab - because &quot;Lace and Whisky&quot; actually documents the effects  of alcoholic inebreation while Alice was still experiencing it.   This does  not mean its a terrible album, only it explains why the song selection was  so terrible and why he allowed the recording to be so murky and simply 3rd  rate.<br />&quot;My God&quot; is the best song on it, and its a far better  closer than any of Alice's other closers, save for &quot;Escape&quot; from  WTMN.  You also get &quot;You and Me&quot; and for my money, &quot;I never  wrote those songs&quot; is a good song with a great title - (great line  about making excuses.)<br />Ironically, this is one of those few instances  where an artists lesser album probably makes for a better recommendation  for non fans - as even non alice fans will probably like &quot;you and  me&quot; - this is an alice album you could by for your mommy, in fact...
B00003CX9E|5.0|Distinguishing a film albeit any major piece of art as the finest remains a daunting and unwanted task by anyone. Who is able to discern Beethoven's Ninth Symphony as greater than Mozart's 26th Piano concerto? A Pollack from  an Ingres? These lofty and admittedly erudite examples prove the  impossibility of sufficiently noting who shot the greatest film of all  time. What a simple Simon question? And why answer or argue? With his first  film, Welles added to the director's pallette as no other. Welles allowed  Toland's camera to sing and Wise's editting to harmonize. When defaming and  brooding over the AFI's decision consider Welles' interpretation of Kane's  first marriage. In five quiet and quick scenes each occuring at a the very  same dinner table, Welles managed to present the rise and decline of a  marriage. This film does draw noticable comparison to previous silents but  to deny its value in toto because of this intrinsic nature of all  expression seems foolish. Are we now to criticize VanGogh's later work  because he adopted a more colorful, thus Parisian palette. What of  Ginsberg's relation to Whitman? No, this may not be the greatest film of  all time. What of Rashomon, Persona, Fellini's 8 1/2, The Searchers,  Intolerance, Modern Times, Grand Illusion and the many more that would pack  volumes. Do not quibble, refuse to do so. To quibble only reveals the  ignorance you hold in your hand. Orson Welles incorporated quite literally  every major cinematic and narrative device in his first time at bat. Yes,  it's outta here.
B000002I99|5.0|Alice's best albums are Love it to Death, Billion Dollar Babies, and this one.  <br />However, of the three, only Welcome to my Nightmare gets really deep. Only WTMN tells you a story, and of the three, its the only one that  you have to keep listening to, all the way through, time and time again.   Whatever you pay for this album, you'll end up getting a 100 dollars worth  of CDs worth, for the amount of time you play it. Trust me.
6304675348|5.0|The first time I saw this movie was at a friends sleepover.It was awsome,it's a real funny and scary movie.Neve is looking so fine in this movie.Scream 2 wasn't even nearly as good as Scream 1.I just saw Scream 3  yesterday and it was better then Scream 1 and 2 put together.
B0000024Z7|5.0|This is Santana's best album, which is saying alot.  It is a rich, complex and textured work.  It builds upon Santana's instrumental work from the first three albums, along the lines of Incident at Neshabur and Toussaint  L'Overture.  There are also some very good songs on the album but no pop  tunes.  Fans of the more traditional Santana hits may not appreciate this  album.
B00001NFCY|5.0|i have to say that this cd is the best that creed has put out. i bought it for the song higher cause that is a song about dreams and tring to make them happen. i love things that go on that line of life. i am so greatful  for that song. cause my life sounds sort of like the draems.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This CD made a Sarah McLachlan fan out of me!  The CD is jam-packed with all of her hits, all live versions, and there isn't one weak track among them.  It has all of my favourites, like &quot;I will remember you&quot;,  &quot;Adia&quot;, and &quot;Ice Cream&quot;, as well as other tracks I  wasn't as familiar with, but are still great.  I play this CD a lot, it's  great to relax to, to study to, or just to have as background music.  It  comes highly recommended!  Definitely worth the $.
B0000027RL|5.0|Na ativa desde 1990, o Pearl Jam  o nico sobrevivente da &quot;gerao grunge&quot;, que tambm mostrou bandas como Nirvana e Soundgarden ao mundo inteiro. Seu primeiro trabalho, &quot;Ten&quot;, , sem a menor sombra de  dvida, o melhor da banda. Msicas mais criativas e marcantes, solos  energticos e talvez a prpria crueza da banda na poca, fazem  &quot;Ten&quot; ser superior aos demais lbuns que o sucedem. Basta  experimentar a energia contida no solo de &quot;Alive&quot;, o frescor  viajando de &quot;Oceans&quot;, a pegada de &quot;Why go&quot; ou a  ferocidade de &quot;Porch&quot; para comprovar o quanto a banda era  superior s outras de sua poca. &quot;Ten&quot;  um lbum bem homogneo,  pois todas as suas msicas tm um bom nvel de qualidade.  claro que  algumas msicas se sobressaem, como &quot;Alive&quot;, &quot;Even  Flow&quot;, &quot;Black&quot; e &quot;Jeremy&quot;, mas as demais no ficam  muito atrs. At hoje,  uma das melhores e mais famosas bandas de rock do  mundo, com milhes e milhes de discos vendidos, alm de recordes de  vendagem. Um clssico absoluto dos anos 90.
6301208773|5.0|Brilliant video, by  far the best die  hard yet. One  detective kills  12 terrorists.  There are two  hostages shot and  4 policemen wounded.  This is a brilliant video and you should see it as soon as possible.
B000002UB3|4.0|much better than the early Beatles albums,...good songs strong compositions..
6305426694|5.0|I am a sucker for a good story and I have watched this movie over and over and gotten more and more out of it each time.  It goes to prove-you stand up for what you believe in, a cause, and you can go down fighting for it!   My kind of story exactly!   Rates 5 stars!
0783216084|5.0|Jaws directed by Spielberg is so well known it hardly needs an introduction.  When you think of the 1970s this film always comes to mind.  Saturday Night Fever may have been the favorite of the trendoids but this  was undoubtedly the greatest film of the decade.  In Australia it came out  prior to the summer of 1975.  There was a radio ad featuring the classic  quote by Richard Dreyfuss &quot;a shark is attracted to the exact kind of  splashing that occurs when every human being goes for a swim, you cannot  avoid it&quot;.  I remember being on the beach and the radio was playing  over the public address system.  This ad came on and within 2 minutes  almost everybody had left the water.  It speaks volumes for the film that  every film production class studies it at one time or another.  It strikes  a chord with everybody who sees it.  Brilliantly directed with competent  acting performances this is a film which automatically qualifies for the  time capsule of the 20th Century.
0312243022|5.0|I have never read Virginia Woolf's &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;. I had never heard of Michael Cunningham. Because of this I had no preconcieved ideas or high expectations. I could not put this book down. The eloquent writing  style and interwoven stories held me entranced until the last word. I will  read this book again and recommend it to my friends.
0920236251|2.0|Don't get fooled by the price... you will be getting a VERY small book for the small price.
B00000018N|5.0|The DCC version of this great album is worth the extra money indeed.  The clarity and bass blows away the 25th Anniversary version that is out there, hands down.
B000001Y9I|5.0|Hi Javed from the US, why didnt you like it,..do u have another taste? Steve Morse is a cool guitar man,...I love this cd,..sometimes I feel like screaming is very expressive song,..The Aviator, Touch away, any many many  more the whole songs are excellent,...come one dont be critics! DP is  still much better than Led Zeppelin,..the y rock much harder,...love them  very much,..I have been afan since 1976. cheers
B000000W6X|5.0|What can I say massive attack does it again.  Really thought Tracy Thorn was great on this album!
6305137293|5.0|As I said in my title, what in the world is wrong with you people?  This movie has more gore than HALLOWEEN, so what!, thats no reason to give it a  bad rating!  I mean come on, most of you guys bad mouth the gore in this  but give great ratings to such gore fests as the FRIDAY THE 13th and  NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET movies.  Anyway, I thought that this was the best  HALLOWEEN sequal ever!  I love the fact that it starts off right after  HALLOWEEN and that it continues on Lauries story, when could have easily  just said that Michael decided to go after someone else.  But as in most  horror movies I did have some problems with it, #1 the recap of the ending  of HALLOWEEN is messed up in a spot #2 the killing at the beginning had  absolutaly no reason to it and #3 it doesn't explain how Michael survived  all the gunshots and pokings/stabbings in HALLOWEEN.  So, in closing, rent  this movie and HALLOWEEN 1 so you can watch both one right after the other.
0875428940|4.0|The Robin Wood deck is my first and so far only set of Tarot cards (these things are expensive!).  Although I have outpaced its illustrations, I can still recommend it.  In particular, I like the black and white candles  behind the Magician, and the non-traditional presentation of the Devil and  Judgement cards.  This set is also far more detailed than the Rider-Waite  deck, which I have seen in books and which left me rather cold.  On the  flip side, the Hierophant is portrayed as an archbishop or pope --  blatantly Christian in an otherwise Pagan deck.  I also found the  accompanying booklet unhelpful to a beginner.  However, the Robin Wood  deck, when properly paired with an explanitory book of your choosing, is an  excellent introduction to the Tarot.
B000006NPY|5.0|This album has more consistently great songs than Billy's other albums.  Yes: IT IS SOFT!  Most people cannot handle or understand that.  Buy this album.
6304082428|5.0|Buy it now!  Rated G, WONDERFUL!
B000002UAI|3.0|I dont know what Iam saying,..the songs are nice but oh very lovely and melancholy!
B000000WHX|5.0|Even though this album is almost ten years old it still is one of the best albums of all time!  My favorite tracks are unfinished symphony, daydreaming and blue lines.  DONT FORGET THIS ALBUM BECAUSE IT IS OLD  BECAUSE IT'S STILL GOLD!
630575067X|2.0|The majority of the American critics were always going to pan The Phantom Menace. Yet after seeing it I'm surprised how close to the truth they were than those who were positive about the film. It is certainly not as bad as  those negative reviewers would have you believe, but it's a major  disappointment, devoid of the life, energy and personality that that made  the original trilogy so good. Non of the characters are as likeable, as  well developed as Luke, Leia and Han. Instead they are flat and  unconvincing. Neeson is miscast as Qui Gon Gin, while McGregor speaks like  a public school toff. The plot has non-of the drive of the original. Lucas  had always maintained that the first film would be to introduce the plot  and characters, yet how come A New Hope managed to do the same, but with  more excitement and action? Here, for the most part, we have a dull  political drama. I didn't really care whether Natalie Portman was going to  sign a treaty with the boring Trade Federation. The action too, suffers a  great deal due to Lucas' handling of the over-flowing plot. The Pod Race is  the only decent action sequence in the film, while the rest never really  get going. The final attack on the Trade Federation ships are barely a  shadow compared to the Death Star assault in A New Hope. The lack of  characterization too makes the final lightsaber duel between Darth Maul  (who in reality gets about 5 minutes of screen time) and Kenobi and Gin,  rather unexciting, because we have no-one to really cheer for like we did  in the original trilogy. In the original trilogy too, Lucas had always kept  a tight reign on the mysticism so it was believable and not overly  pretentious. Here Lucas injects the embarrassing concept of Anakin (a good  performance from the young Lloyd) being the result of a virgin birth.  Please! The special effects are probably the best thing it, yet they too  are strangely hollow, with some of the scenes having that unmistakable  digital \\"sheen\\" to them, which makes them less than convincing. On the  whole, this is not a total disaster, but not a great achievement either. It  certainly hasn't put me off Star Wars for good and there is much to suggest  that The Phantom Menace will look much better when Episode Two comes out.
B0000042H4|5.0|The Solti Ring IS the best of the complete Rings. It isn't perfect. One only has to listen to the Walter-Melchior-Lehmann-List Act I of Walkure to realize what Culshaw could have accomplished if he had THAT cast. Hans  Hotter's voice was no longer what it once had been. But, then, Wotan was a  has-been himself, what with gods being on the way out as well as having his  love-child waxed and having to put his favorite kid to sleep. I LIKE Hotter  as Wotan...others have sung the notes better but none has captured the  emotion and tragedy of an ultimate failure. I gone through 2 vinyl versions  of the Solti Ring and also have it on CD. It will continue to be my  standard until the dawn of a new Golden Age of Wagnerian singers.
6305089957|3.0|3 1/2 stars. Though not as good as the original this still is a very decent sequel. The story now takes place at Sidney's college where many of her companions are killed by a copycat killer. Who could this be we all  ask? Well I suggest you rent or buy this film and enjoy. I must say though  the ending kind of dissapointed me but that's not to say that this movie is  bad it still has the suspense of not knowing who's the killer. Above  Average compared to most sequels.
6300214559|5.0|This video was a surprise - a very pleasant surprise!  It has romance that rivals the latest Titanic movie and action to rival Brave Heart.  Lady Jane was a remarkable human being.
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is an awesome, awesome book. It is really better than the movie in a lot of ways (although the movie is utterly fantastic). The writing is absolute genius - all those great narrative lines from the movie are  straight out of Palahniuk's writing. The story is essentially the same, but  there are some slight differences. I think the character of Marla is a  little more exaggerated in the movie.<br />The grasp of philosophical ideas  displayed in the novel is great, as is the story's message. The message is  great, although it is complex. Basically it's that the search for  individuality at any cost can lead to dangerous fascism and conformity. The  people in the story want to know how far they can take this and still be  alive. They are tired of the plastic commercial world around them. Tyler  Durden shows them a better way, and makes them a part of something. So they  are eager to serve, like &quot;space monkeys.&quot;<br />Fight Club is a dark  and witty satire as well. If you saw the movie first (like I did,  unfortunately), then some of the great satirical quality of the writing may  not be very surprising. The movie sticks close to the book. But it is still  a book you should definitely read, whether you saw the movie or not.
630505116X|5.0|This sounds like a nice horror flick with a dash of action. This movie is like alien only they are aboard a ship and the creature is in the ocean.  Buy it!
B000002UBU|5.0|I rate this as one of the best albums of all time!<br />An album greatly overshadowed by &quot;American Pie,&quot; it's chocked full of amazing songs... &quot;Till Tomorrow,&quot; &quot;Vincent,&quot;  &quot;Winterwood,&quot; and &quot;Sister Fatima&quot; are some of Don's  best songs.<br />No matter how many times I listen to this album, I'm always  amazed by it's nuances, the depth of the lyrics, the pictures it paints and  it's subtle beauty.
6304675348|5.0|Scream shocked me and fooled me the first time I saw it. The story is based on someone taking there love for scary movies a step to far. I loved the references from other slasher classics as well as keeping the viewer in  suspense as to who the killer or (Killers) are. This film ranks up there  with one of the greatest horror flicks of all time. This is one to SCREAM  for. Watch for a Wes Craven cameo as Fred the Janitor. HINT? Buy it today  you don't know what your missing!
B000000OY9|4.0|everyone i know or don't says this album sucks and is deffinately not Young's best, but i don't know what everyone's complaining about. This album retains the same song writing quality as any Young album, if anything  it's  great exploration into things lost and things to come. Yes, i'd  rather here him with his acoustic guitar or crazy horse but it shouldn't  matter what style of music you use but the actual songs.
B00000J7J4|5.0|TRUE CREATIVITY COMES WHEN THE EGO IS PUT ASIDE AND A POWERFUL ARTIST REACHES OUT AND BLENDS WITH THE NEWEST TRUE TALENTS IN THE SAME FIELD. THE EGO IS NOT IMPORTANT COMPARED TO THE VALUE OF THE PLEASURE TO THE FINAL  AUDIENCE.THANK YOU.
B000000IVW|5.0|I heard about Guns N Roses before I heard a note of their music.  I decided to cross them off my list.  They were obviously very politically incorrect.  However, the radio played their music, and I heard them.  Wow!  Energy, defiance, talented. Strong but musical music.  So, I couldn't help  myself.  I bought this CD and its wonderful.  Sigh.
B000002U9Y|3.0|this album is pretty-good but is overall lacking in complete sophistication. It was in wany respects a stepping stone towards the peak of Floyd's later triumphs. Must haves in this album include most definately  wrigh't s best exposition and my favorite song of the album and Barrett's  mediocre musically but substantial lyrically departing song Jugband blues  as wella as the unforgetable and deep classic Set ther controls for the  heart of the Sun. HOWEVER, SINCE I HOLD ROGER WATERS TO HIGHER EXPECTATIONS  THAN THE REST OF THE BAND (CONSIDERING GILMOUR HADN'T ARRIVED YET AND  BARRETT WAS ON A DOWNSWING) I DON'T BELIEVE SONGS LIKE CORPORAL CLEGG AND  THE INFERIOR TO UMMAGUMMA SAUCERFUL... STAND UP TO TIME AS WELL AS MOST  GOOF FLOYDIAN SONGS DO. IT'S NOT THAT THIS  IS A BAD ALBUM, I TRULY JUST  BELIEVE IT'S OVERRATED BECAUSE IT IS FLOYD'S FIRST &quot;POST-  BARRETT&quot; (WITH EXCEPTION TO JUGBAND BLUES) RECORDING.
B00003CX5A|4.0|This movie really was all about the atmosphere, and who better to do it than the master of the dark and creepy, Tim Burton.  As expected, Tim Burton lavishes us with his famous eye candy that rivals the quality of  Batman. The plot was good.  It followed the classic tale well without being  predicatble or cliche.  Eventhough most know the story of Sleepy Hallow by  heart, he left me wondering what was happening in this movie. Acting was a  cut above average.  Johnny Depp was supurb in his role, and the rest of the  cast was believeable and well displayed. The characters themselves were  well done, but nothing exceptional. The screenplay was good.  I don't  remember any exceptionally good parts or obvious holes. All in all a good  movie, but if a strong emphasis on setting/atmosphere really isn't your  thing, then this movie might not be for you.
630512065X|5.0|What do you get when you put literary icon TS Elliot and the brillant Broadway mind of Andrew Lloyd Weber together... the longest running musical in history...CATS! The musical CATS is not about plot or a storyline. It's  about great tunes, memorable poetry and out-of-this-world costuming  combined with great talents of Broadway singers and dancers. One of the  most sung songs in all of Americana history comes from this  play...&quot;Memory&quot;. Check this movie out if you really want to relax  and just enjoy art.
B000001ESP|3.0|I went to see Rush on stage at the Paramount in Seattle in the early 70's.  The opening band was Styx.  As the opening band started, my friends and I continued our conversations, waiting for Rush to come onto the stage.  We  had never heard of Styx.  Suddenly, we stopped talking.  Styx just blew us  away (they played songs from 'Equinox').  Rush, when they came on the  stage, had lost their audience.  People talked all through their set, and  many walked out half way through.  As a live band, they sounded all noise,  especially compared to Styx.  As I listen to this album, they still sound  like that.  I can sit through one or two songs, then the rest sound all  alike.  They may be stylistic pioneers, but they don't have much range in  that style.  It gets boring.  I think that's why the Seattle audience chose  Styx over them.
B000002U9W|5.0|Atom heart mother is a fantastical mixture of good melodies (fat old son), great lyrics (if) and psychedelia (...psychedelic breakfast, atom heart mother. It also features one of wrigh'ts best songs in summer of '68.  Therefore, this album encompasses an eclectic mix of every pink floyd  post-barret artistt, and does it in style. HOWEVER, IF THIS WAS NOT ENOUGH  THE TITLE TRACK ATOM HEART MOTHER IS PROBABLY MY FAVORITE SONG (AND I OWN  ALL OF FLOYD'S AND INDIVIDUAL SOLO RECORDINGS . WITHOUT A DOUBT THE TITLE  TRACK IS THE SINGLE-MOST UNDERRATED SONG IN THE FLOYD ARSENAL AND A  GIGANTIC MUST HAVE FOR ANYONE WHO APPRECIATES GREAT MUSIC. MOLTE  BENE!
B000009ED0|1.0|Kid Rock is not a musician, he IS an entertainer, if you want to hear musical talent, buy Led Zeppelin, most of the stuff on this CD is decently written, but he can't sing, and while it may be popular now, in about 5  years or less, nobody will remember Kid Rock. So if you want to be popular,  buy it, but if you want to hear real music, look somewhere else.
0800136586|4.0|When I first saw Annie at the tender age of 8, I was head over heels in love with it. As time wore on and I entered my preteens, I began to get annoyed with &quot;Tomorrow&quot; and sadly put the movie behind me. That  is... Until recently. I watched it again with same enthusiasm as I did when  I was 8. Only this time, I had a whole new appreciation for it. It truly is  a classic... with broadway stars like Bernadette Peters, Tim Curry and  Carol Burnette. This original Annie, played by Aileen Quinn, set the image  for Annie. When one thinks of Annie, they think about the curly red hair  orphan and distinct characters singing memorable tunes like  &quot;Tomorrow&quot;, &quot;Little Girls&quot; and &quot;You're never fully  dressed without a smile&quot;. Ask any kid in the USA to sing a song from  Annie and they could. It is definately a classic.
B000002GEV|5.0|Stereo wasn't new when this was released, but sound was locked into coming out of the right speaker or left.  This was the first album I had where the sound moved from the left to right speaker, then back again. Me and my  friends played this album to death.  I'm on my third copy (CD, so probably  the last).  Of course, it is artistically superior and all that, like the  other reviewers say, but I'll always remember the chills up and down my  spine when I heard that clear, bright movement of sound!  It curled my  pigtails!
B000002GB6|5.0|I love this album!  Makes me feel happy and free-spirited.  Definately chases the blues away
B000009ED0|1.0|Kid Rock is not a musician, he IS an entertainer, if you want to hear musical talent, buy Led Zeppelin, most of the stuff on this CD is decently written, but he can't sing, and while it may be popular now, in about 5  years or less, nobody will remember Kid Rock. So if you want to be popular,  buy it, but if you want to hear real music, look somewhere else.
B000002UDV|3.0|This album was supposed to compare with Rubber Soul, Revolver and was supposed to be the catalyst for Sgt. Peppers. I just don't see it. Granted the feeling that Brian Wilson put into this album is evident. However it  does not compare with songs that some consider the best of the  Beatles.<br />Just one comparison, &quot;I Can See Through You&quot; on Rubber  Soul has the same depth of feeling and brings it out so much better than  any on the &quot;deep songs&quot; on Pet Sounds.<br />Take &quot;Sloop John  B&quot; off the album and &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; is superior in all  counts to any single song on the whole album. <br />It was a great effort by  Brian Wilson however it is obvious that he had to work at it a lot harder  than John and Paul. For them it was natural and it shows in the  music.<br />The Beach Boys pop music compares very well with the Beatles, but  to say that this &quot;serious&quot; music compares does not settle well.  Brian had to reach, the Beatles creation was natural. The lyric seems to  struggle to match the music.<br />If only the other musicians had the creative  ability to collaborate with Brian.<br />I did like the humor of the title.  These are Brian's &quot;Pet&quot; Sounds, which have nothing to do with  animal pets. The misleading goats on the cover make all of us goats for  thinking that these &quot;Pets&quot; are animals.
B000001FKY|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums to listen to,drunk or sober. Its great music, artistically. And if music can be exciting to you, this is very exciting. I have to jump, scream and turn the sound up when this comes on  the radio.  There are not many albums that pass this test.  Another was Led  Zeppelin, but that's another story...
0783225792|5.0|I first saw this film on VHS, but enjoyed it so much I just had to purchase the DVD too.  Scorsese has produced yet another masterpiece - from start to finish this will have you hooked. Friends of mine thought this was  too violent but I felt this was necessary to convey the brutality that went  on (the head-crushing scene in particular is almost as gruesome as the  chain-saw death in Scarface! )  All the leads are fantastic, lending depth  and credibility to the characters - Stone in particular gives a career best  performance as Aces drugged-up wife, while DeNiro does another solid turn.   I consider this an all-time classic up there with the likes of GoodFellas  and Scarface.  Picture and sound quality for the DVD version was excellent  too (region 2).
1564029654|5.0|There is no sweeter book out there for little listeners. The prose is perfect and the darling illustrations are unforgettable. This is a book you will read over and over again and will be glad to each and everytime! &quot;Owl Babies&quot; has beloved by my kids since they were babies  themselves and still does even though one is now in elementary school. Also  a perfect new parent present!
B000002J1F|5.0|Although I have read many reviewers, pro and con, since I first heard this album,none of them ever entered into my consideration of what I thought of this CD.  This was one of those albums that grabbed my heart and squeezed  from the first few bars.  I stiffened, started up, and grabbed my  girlfriend's arm, begging who are they?  WHO ARE THEY?  It was love at  first hearing.  As far as I am concerned, I never care about the faults or  strengths of this band.  I love my YES!  Forever!
B000002LGW|5.0|I beleive Depeche Mode is the best example when someone asks what band best represents the type of music played through out the '80s. For all of you who don't agree, then you need to listen to this cd. Depeche Mode  stellarly mixes synthetic pop with a dark religious and love theme, backed  by some great lyrics. This cd contains their greatest work of the 80's. I  recommend: People are People, Blasphemous Rumours, Stripped, Never Let Me  Down, Everthing Counts, and Black Celebration.
6305426651|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful films about what it means to truly love someone.  There are moments in the film that are breath-taking and so moving.  The characters seem to steal goodness from a tragic situation.
6305537798|5.0|I absolutly loved this movie! I watched it really late on a Saturday night then when I woke up the next morning to watch it again. I would have watched it a few more times but we had to take it back! The characters were  great and I can't wait till I can buy it!
630445841X|5.0|I think people that did not enjoy this movie are simply over-analyzing it. I consider any movie that brings out an emotional response in me to be a good one, and this one certainly did. It's sad in some places, uplifting in  others, breathtakingly beautiful in many. Overall, a very good standard  motion picture, nothing ingenious, but satisfying nevertheless.
B00000K19E|5.0|this movie rocks.  it wuz good.  i liked it.  it wuz very good.  i liked it a lot.  i think keanu is kinda cute.  laurence was kewl.  and all those other cast peoples.  it wuz so good.  i really liked it. heh heh heh!
0385484518|5.0|I have never written an online review before but I could not resist this opportunity.  This truly is one of the best books I have ever read.  I was encouraged to read it by a good friend and I have recommended it to all of  the loved ones in my life.  It offers a new take on life and teaches a  valuable lesson on what is really important in life with appreciation for  every day we are given on earth.
B00003E47Z|5.0|For the Longest time i have hoped for a radical change in musicand yearned for more inventive and original bands rather than themainstream Hip-Hop/Rap style/corporate junk of MTv(which decides to exclude certain styles/bands much like that of Rolling Stone magazine in the past).  Since i have searched for better ideals, my desire for grander music has reversed my outlook towards the 70s and to such bands like Led Zeppelin, Rolling Stones,Pink Floyd, Black Sabbath, or anything pertaining to classic rock.  Not until recently have i looked away from these bands and looked ahead at others.  From Garbage to Rammstein, i have found new hope in their musical prowess and that Hip-Hop wont ever be mainstream and will die out like disco.  <br />For a band like Rammstein to become the scapegoat of a massacre like that of Columbine is absurd.  Rammstein didnt place demented thoughts in those boys mind's - besides how could they understand truthfully what the lyrics are about?  Rammsteins' music is in German.  Translations can lose their meaning.  For instance, &quot;Du Hast' is continually misinterpreted as &quot;You Hate&quot; which is a fallacy.  &quot;You have&quot; is a more exact translation Mr. Sutherland.  And to back up an above review, &quot;Heirate Mich&quot; doesnt mean &quot;worship Me&quot; and, however, means &quot;Marry Me&quot;.  The association to the Third Reich Mr. Sutherland is an insult to Germans everywhere and is racial in some aspects.  Stereotyping Rammstein because they are German is very racial and unacceptable. If you dont like Rammstein Mr. Sutherland just say so rather than insulting them and the German people.  <br />As for RAMMS+EIN's music, it is completely original and entertaining, which is the purpose of their &quot;Live Aus Berlin&quot; video release.  This video should be obtained by anyone who is a fan of Rammstein, regardless of what Sutherland has mentioned. If you would like to know more about Rammstein, go to their website the websiteis in English and German.  There you will find adequate translations to their music as well.  ENJOY!   END
6304675348|5.0|What makes scream so great is not the chills it sends up your body,which it doesn't,but the suspense. You know that somebody is gonna jump out,and you're suspecting it and everything,just they have you riding the suspense  for so long,that when it happens,it makes you jump. don't watch alone,its  no fun.
0440234743|1.0|It amazes me that Grisham's books keep selling on the top of the charts when he continues to crank out such incipid trash.  His first few books were great, but its time for Grisham to retire.  The Testament begins with  an interesting proposition -- a good &quot;hook&quot; -- but look forward  to baby food all the way to the end.  The only reason I finished this book:   I was on a transcontinental flight with nothing else to do ... and I left  the book for the plane cleanup crew.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams is the heart and soul of the Star Wars movies.  His soundtrack has the ability to make a good movie great.  And that is exactly what happened with Episode I.  If you like music, then you'll enjoy  diversity of sounds on this soundtrack.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Cool album very good band. Girl on front cover is my sister, Emma
0553502271|4.0|The Testament is the first Grisham book I've read. I found it to be a good book to look forward to at the end of the day. However, I ended up not being able to put it down to go to sleep. Thank goodness the pages just  flew by. It was a great book, I only wish the ending to be a little  different. Maybe Nate would talk Rachel into coming back to the states,  Nate &amp; Phil would finish the basement so Rachel could teach Sunday  school there, Nate &amp; Rachel would get married. Yeh, maybe predictable,  but I like happy endings.
6305499365|5.0|Office Space succeeds where Amercian Beauty and Fight Club fail. It captures the moribound existence of late '90's office life in the suburbs without the overdrawn artsy pretentiousness of American Beauty and without  the crazed plot twist of Fight Club. American Beauty tried to treat Kevin  Spacey's situations as comical and it came across as awkward. Not here.        Director Mike Judge, of Beavis and Butthead fame, shows why he is the  Hunter S. Thompson/Tom Wolfe of the '90's. Throught his work, especially in  Office Space, Judge reveals the ugly truth behind society's facade of  economic good times in an irreverant manner.     Office Space should soon  be a cult favorite thanks to its classic scenes that warrant repeated  viewing. The slow motion death-by-baseball bat-beating of a fax machine is  both hilarious and profound.      Some deride the movie for its ending, but  the film's conclusion should not seem far-fetched to anyone who has read  Voltaire's Candide.       So if you're looking for a movie that captures  what it means to be a young working adult without pompousness or art-house  flavour, Office Space is perfect.
6304675348|4.0|this movie has the best cast i have ever seen! it's kinda funny too.and it's also packed with gore and violence!
B000006NUW|3.0|OK Folks,  I grew up with all these tunes and thought I would love this collection but when I discovered some of the songs repeated on each of the 4 CD's I immediately felt cheated.  If they couldn't fill 4 CD's then why  not just put out 3!  Other than that the music brings back old memories so  it isn't a dead loss!
6302719631|4.0|I've read every one of Jane Austen's novels, and watching the adaptations of her work has been a pleasure for me.  Having seen them all, I must say that this movie is above all the least true to her book. However, I fell immediately in love with the odd little quirks and enchanting surprises that this film possessed. They caught me off-guard and brought sudden smiles to my face (and I will have you know that I smile least of any body I know.)  For instance - the strange dream sequences, running through the church cemetery, the blue moth in Mrs. Tilney's chamber, the little French servants cartwheels, Peter Firth's unique gestures and facial expressions, the eerie, fluty music - and ah, I could go on and on..... And by the way, I thought the acting was very good - Catherine was unassuming & looked the part. Peter Firth cut a fine figure as Mr. Tilney. Boy! Has this movie been beat up here or what! I don't care - I suppose I can see some of the point in it, as it totally missed the irony &, well, point, that Jane Austen had intended -- yet do not doubt for a second that it suited this vampire's fiendishly-refined tastes just fine!
6305537550|5.0|A little boy kills his teenage sister one halloween night. The boy was sent to a mental hospital, but after fifteen years, he escapes and goes back to his old hometown... to the place where he got his first taste of  taking a human life... and he wanted more!<br />A very good movie. Very little  gore, good camera movements, great performances by the actors / actresses,  and scary music in the right places of the film made this movie very  entertaining!
0767903811|2.0|I would have given this collection of short essays more stars, but I can't.  The publisher is retreading Bryson's earlier work and calling it new and original.  It isn't.  It appeared years ago.<br />The purpose, of  course, is to keep the author in the public eye until he can float his new  book on Australia.<br />I recommend all of his earlier books.  I especially  loved his reading of A Walk in the Woods on audio-tape.  The man is  perceptive and very funny and sounds exactly like the kind of companion  you'd want to spend an evening with in a pub.
0385486804|5.0|This is an outstanding work of literature, one of the most wrenching, most provocative books I have ever read.  But it is NOT and adventure story per se.  If you are expecting something like Krakauer's other bestseller, \\"Into  Thin Air,\\" you will be disappointed.  Yes, \\"Into the Wild\\" tells the story  of a young man who went seeking adventure in the wilds of Alaska and did  not survive.  But Krakauer isn't really interested in telling a  testosterone-soaked cliffhanger.  Rather, he sets out to explore the inner  life of a very complicated, very idealistic, very intense young man.  This  is a very sophisticated work.  It is a book about ideas more than actions.   Krakauer was going after big literary game in this book, and he pulled it  off brilliantly.  <br />This book is actually about longing and loss.  It's  about our historical fascination with the ever-receding American frontier,  and how that's influenced our national character.  That is why the detours  Krakauer takes to tell the stories of seekers other than McCandless are an  essential part of the book.  These detours are certainly not mere filler,  as other reviewers have complained (or, rather, they will only be  considered filler by readers who want a rip-roaring adventure tale, and  nothing more).   Actually I thought the chapters in which the author goes  off on tangents to write about Everett Ruess, and especially his own  adventure on Alaska's Devils Thumb, were some of the most powerful parts of  the book.  The prose in these sections is beautifully crafted.  Reading  some of Krakauer's passages, I felt like I was intoxicated.  He is that  good a writer.<br />I have read this book 4 times now, and I have gained a  better appreciation of  the author's tremendous skill and subtlety with  each reading.  If you are a serious reader with an interest in nature or  the American West, I can't recommend this book strongly enough.  It will  stick with you for a long, long time.
B000002C1X|4.0|Ok, this is a great album, it used to be my favorite album in fact. but, I do not think that it is the best album of all time, nor is it done as well as it could have been. Some of the things about this album that make me  think it is far less than perfect are: the vocals. they truly don't match  the mood of the lyrics. they do on some songs, but other they do not. I do  like all the songs, I just don't think  they're done the way they should  have been. They don't follow the concept of the album. it's especially  noticable on &quot;the trial&quot;. it sounds good, but it does not fit in  I don't think.  in my opinion, and no one has been able to convince me  otherwise, i feel that &quot;the downward spiral&quot; or &quot;the  fragile&quot; both by nine inch nails (trent reznor) are the best albums of  all time. they are both concept albums in a way, TDS definitely is, and the  fragile is more of a flowing album than a concept album. but both are  perfect in every way. I cannot honestly think of any way they should be  changed. the vocals fit so perfectly with the song, everything is perfect  with the song. there are tons of back ground noises, and they all just fit  together so well. also, the downward spiral tells the same type of story as  the wall, except it does it MUCH better than pink floyd did.  anyways, I  *highly* reccomend &quot;The Wall&quot;. (I reccomend The Downward Spiral,  and The fragile far more highly tho.)<br />but the end of &quot;waiting for  the worms&quot; is done PERFECT. i love it. it's just perfect.
0780619587|5.0|I will always remember &quot;Shine&quot; as being one of my top films and I will never forget it. It's a Must film for everyone!
6305750750|4.0|i loved this movie and i cant wait to see the next 2. The only thing about this movie that bothered me was Jar Jar. While i thought he was amusing at times for the most part we was quite a bad adition to the film. The plot  was great and continued in George Lucas' story line quite well, though  personally i liked episode 4, special edition the best of all the available  starwars movies. But then what good would a full set of wide screen and cut  starwars movies be without at least 1 copy of episode 1. So sufice it to  say i will be  getting 2 copies when it comes out. One for me and one for  my sister. I know you'll enjoy this flick and as i am a true star wars fan  i would have givin it 5 stars were it not for Jar Jar. Well anyway George  Lucas' company Industrial Light and Magic (known best for Jurasic Park,  among others) did a supurb job with the special effects in this movie.  Again......ENJOY IT
6303443214|5.0|I first saw the movie when it came out in the theaters and have recently rented it to relive this masterpiece of a movie.  First I have to say though that it doesn't follow the book all that closely, leaving out  important details that build the characters flamboyant personalities.   Besides that minor bickering about it, I found this movie to be one of the  best and most interesting ever made. It is a combination of horror/drama  that manages to expose so many humanistic dilemmas that I doubt will be  surpassed any time soon.  The only movie out right now that almost but not  quite matches the greatness of this movie would have to be The Matrix  (which by the way seems to have many biblical conotations to it)
B000002LOM|3.0|I haven't really read a review that fully captures my feelings about Kill Uncle.  This album's release caught me off guard.  I hadn't expected its release, but there wasn't a real serendiptous quality to be found here.   &quot;Found, Found, Found&quot; which is rumoured to be about Morrissey's  then newly found friendship with Michael Stipe is wholly unlistenable.  I  don't care much for Asian Rut, The Harsh Truth, or Mute Witness.  They all  seemed like throw-away songs.  Almost like Morrissey said,  &quot;Hmmm...what kinds of imaginary stories can I weave into novelty  songs?&quot;  There are a few really lovely songs on this album, but I have  to take issue with the gentleman before me who asserts that &quot;Tony the  Pony&quot; is one of them.  In my opinion, the inclusion of Tony the Pony  was a rotten deal.  I say this because in my eyes, it disrupts the trend of  Morrissey/Smiths albums to end on a more somber note, e.g. Asleep, Suffer  Little Children, I Won't Share You, Meat Is Murder, Margaret on the  Guillotine, Disappointed.  Even the more fluffy last-song, &quot;Some Girls  are Bigger Than Others&quot; redeems itself in this position by fading out  with the line, &quot;Send me the pillow...the one that you dream on.&quot;   Tony the Pony does not follow through with this at all.  I wish I could I  find the import version so that I never have to listen to Tony the Pony  again.  I know I could always turn the CD player off at the end of  &quot;There Is a Place In Hell for Me and My Friends,&quot; but that really  isn't the point now, is it?
B00002DE2L|5.0|If you are are concerned with what has become accepted as Baroque style and believe that this is the only way that this music should be played, then avoid this album.  If you want to hear a remarkable artist who  genuinely has something to say, then buy it right away.  This is not an  Kennedyesque recording that emphasizes the quirks in a search for  orginality, but the expression of a real musician with a point of view.    Highly recommended.
B000002LOE|5.0|but after listening, certainly not my last. Though not as good as Automatic For the People, this album is a poetic masterpiece. Stipe and the rest of REM write mainly in metaphors, which I think is a really great way  to listen to a song. The words I believe speak to the masses and directly  to whomever may be listening...songs like Country Feedback that describe an  old relationship, or songs like (I know, I know, everyones favorite or  least favorite...) Losing My Religion that basically describes a crush. You  feel like you know this band after giving this one or two listens straight  thru...but I must admit...if you aer going to buy an REM album and it is  your first one...don't even think about buying this one. It is slow, and  turned me off from the band at first....but now...they are my new  &quot;adopted&quot; band!
B000002LFZ|5.0|I would be a prolific purchaser of recorded material if I could purchase then download to my Real Jukebox system. When do you anticipate having such a facility ?
B000002NJS|5.0|She keeps evolving!  I know several artists who stop after the first album. The songs on this song really introduce us to Madonna for the first time in my opinion though. I really felt like everything before this was  basically pop songs, but nothing too personal. This changed pace. Songs  such as &quot;Substitute for Love&quot; really give you a personal feeling  aobut her....I think that she is really becoming a better artist with every  step. Another thing that people think that they might not like is the  techno...and that does take some getting used to, but I am not a person who  enjoys techno, and I love this album. I personally think that if you are  just beginning to listen to Madonna, buy this one last, so you can see the  evolution.
B00000ILE6|5.0|I love this movie. This one is my favorite in the Alien series, the first Alien is my second favorite, then Ressurection, and finally Alien 3. The new version has great color and sound remastering, and the new footage is  great too. I especially like the scene with the remote guns shooting the  aliens invading the marines base.  This version shows why Ripley was so  attached to Newt, because she herself lost her daughter while she was  asleep for 57 years. The Director's Cut also shows Newt's family on the  colony before the Aliens invade it, showing Newt's dad with a face hugger  attached to it which led to the doom of the colony.  Buy this version if  you are a Alien movie fan, and at least rent it if you are not.
B000002MG1|5.0|Micheal Stipe has been criticized for his voice and fro selling out. In my mind, he should have been criticized for neither. He never sold out, people finally started realizing his music was great, and I find his voice nice  because if I want to listen to something other then formula boy-band type  vocals, then I can put this on. This CD is probably their best so far...I  only recently becasme an REM fan with the release of Great Beyond off the  Man on the Moon soundtrack, and so now everytime I go to a record store, I  wind up buying another one. This CD has Everybody Hurts, which in my mind  is what caused it to go platinum. To tell you the truth though, I have  found i enjoy songs such as Drive, Monty Got A Raw Deal, and Try Not To  Breathe as much and more then that one. i also love the mellow vocals and  sweet melody of the song dedicated to Andy Kaufman, Man On the Moon. All in  all, I can say honestly the only song I really don't like is the Sidewinder  Sleeps Tonight...you know, I love Michael's voice, but he does not need to  do falsettos.
6305537550|4.0|I really enjoyed this low budget filming masterpiece.  This film has basically not one drop of blood, but it does not need it.  This film revolutionized horror films, and if you watch this film on Halloween night  with the lights off, I guarantee you will be paranoid to get up when the  film is over, because you know Micheal Myers is waiting for you behind a  closed door. BOO!
B000031XCR|5.0|My number one song on this cd is &quot;That's the Way it is&quot;.Followed by &quot;If you asked me to&quot;, &quot;I want you to need me&quot;, &quot;It's all coming back to me&quot;, and &quot;To love you more&quot;.I'm glad I bought this cd and by the way I am eleven years old!
0316920045|2.0|Here's today's thesis (and I dare anyone to deny it): &quot;Infinite Jest&quot; isn't a novel at all.  It is, rather, a publicity gimmick joined to an Oedipal struggle with Thomas Pynchon.  Dare you to deny it.<br />Wallace  is an energetic writer, often a funny one, occasionally intelligent and  moving.  And Gately is a good, palpable presence.  But what's on view here  clearly has little to do with literature, indeed hardly anything to do with  any kind of communication.  The meretricious length, the super-meretricious  technical language, the hyper-meretricious (and awfully quaint) structural  shenanigans -- well, all this necessary invocation of the  &quot;m&quot;-word can indicate only one thing: this baby was designed as a  career-booster, and as such, as all the evidence shows, it has achieved its  one unqualified success.
B000044U4B|5.0|This album is Metallica's best!  This was the first album by them that I purchased and it's a mainstay in my CD player! If you have surround sound buying the GOLD CD is a great idea! The sound is so crisp and the  seperation is amazing! Plus it's a great collecters item! The best songs  are the title track, For whom the bell tolls, Fade to black, and creeping  death! THis is the best album ever!
B000031WD9|5.0|Oh, my god.  I come from the world of movies starring Adam Sandler, Chris Farley, and David Spade, but this tops all of them.  I found that the movie was probably the funniest I've ever seen, and if not, it was in the top 3.   I can relate to everything that happened, except for a few of Jim's  predicaments...  Well, from the corny pick-up lines, to the foriegn  exchange girl, to the &quot;goody-two-shoes choir girl priss&quot;, to the  cautious girlfriend, to the band geeks, this movie was the greatest.
0790733226|5.0|&quot;Coctact&quot; is probably the best movie I have ever seen besides Appolo 13!  The movies both show things that touch the viewers heart.  I hope that you will see &quot;Contact&quot; if you have not already.
1570427496|1.0|Fortunately, compared to others who rated this book likewise, I didn't spend a cent for my copy, and I'm glad I didn't waste my money.  It came free with a book club offer.  The plot is simplistic and predictable, the  characters, even for the fifties (my generation), are unbelievable and the  writing style is that of an eighth grader.  Although a Christian and one  who appreciates a well written work of wholesome literature, I did not shed  a tear as a result of reading this title.  I sincerely doubt Mr. Sparks  would get a passing grade in a college level composition course if he  turned in this kind of work.  As far as I'm concerned, this book is a real  &quot;sleeper.&quot;  I am astounded at the number of people who give it a  five-star rating.  For my money, I'll stick to Jane Austen, the Brontes,  Charles Dickens and others of the classics genre -- authors who've stood  the test of time and have given their readers something to sink their  literary teeth into.
B0000296SI|5.0|I have to admit that I haven't been a true obsessive Blink fan forever or anything, but I think they're great....Also, I agree that the explicit version is better than the edited one. It takes away from the song if you  don't hear all of it.&quot;The Party Song&quot; is one of my favz...and  &quot;Aliens Exist&quot; is really great. If your like me and love to  memorize song lyrics, you need this CD... The songs are so....  well...unusual. And all the other songs are really great. I wish the CD wuz  longer, but it's kool...These guyz have a great sound... And I really hope  that these guyz won't turn out to be a &quot;fad&quot; or a  &quot;trend&quot;.... KEEP THE BLINK PRIDE ALIVE!
0345350499|5.0|If you like anything about King Arthur &amp; or you you liked the movie Excalabur you will love this  this book.
B00004BZ16|4.0|I originally purchased Sandinista back in 1980 on  vinyl,20 years later I picked it up again on CD, with the original artwork.Its so timeless. The melange of music it has and its political content make it one of me  faves,even better than the over rated London Calling.
0345350499|5.0|I read this book many years ago but it was one of the best books I have ever read. It is very large &amp; it takes a while but it is worth it.  Forget watching tv until you have finished it. It is very hard to put down.  Of all the books she has writen this is the greatest.
B00004BZ0N|3.0|Very good CD,lots of intelligent,wistfull music  and lyrics plus one of the best songs of the  seventies,&quot;London Calling&quot;.I admire the Clash  and their Music even withstanding their attitude  towards the  Beatles,though they didnt hate them   as much as those talentless  pistols.Didnt they  fire a member because he admitted he liked them?    Anyway if you like reggae,punk,ska or just  good earthy rock n roll this CD  is highly  recommended.As for being the best ever,it's  impossible cause  the top 13 are Beatles CD's.  But it's definately among the top 100 of all   time.
B000003TAW|5.0|I bought this cd back when it first came out in 94. I have listened to it at least every other day since (usually more). You simply don't need any other cd ever if you have this one (except Pinkerton). I am dead serious.  This is THE BEST cd EVER by any artist since the beginning of time. You  must buy it! PS- PLEASE WEEZER, I BEG YOU, COME OUT WITH A NEW ALBUM!
B000000JO3|5.0|I'll be honest, I first got introduced to hardcore not by bands like 7 Seconds, Youth of Today, Gorilla Biscuits, and Minor Threat, but by Vision of Disorder, Carnivore, Earth Crisis, and the such. I had also been turned  off to the straight edge scene, mainly because of the jockish &quot;tough  guy&quot; attitude that is so dominant in this day in age. But then a  friend of mine introduced me to Minor Threat. By the end of Filler (which  is my favorite Minor Threat song to date) I was a convert. Ian made me  realize that sXe is a VERY positive thing, and not just a bunch of people  taking out their repressed sexuality by beating the hell out of each other.  I am now straight edge, and I owe it to Minor Threat (its kindof sad that  my life was changed by a band, but it was).
B000031XCR|5.0|ok i must say that i am the person who wrote all those *one star* comments about Celine album. I write from singapore, n,y, brussels, just any city. I was very jealous of her singing talents on this cd. her voice is soo good  on this cd. i love all the songs so much.<br />i wanted to bring her down. BY  far she is the very best in Pop music, i just can't take how good she  is....she makes me jealous because her cd. sound sooo good. and she is  making all the others like coco lee, mariah, madonna sound really bad. so  now you know when you see all the *one star* reviews. its me trying to hate  celine because she is too good, more than the rest!
B000000XCH|5.0|I CANNOT SAY ENOUGH! A CLASSIC, TIMELESS, WITH ALL THE ENERGY AND POWER OF A 20 MEGATON NUCLEAR WARHEAD. RAMBLE TAMBLE LIGHTS THE WICK AND THE REST IS HISTORY.  PICK IT UP, STUFF IT IN YOUR CD, AND KICKBACK TO MUSIC FROM  ANOTHER ERA, WHEN INSTRUMENTS AND NOT 10 MILLION TRACKS MADE THE  DIFFERENCE. THUMBS UP!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink-182 is the punkest band ever, they're even punker than the band Poison, which was the best punk band ever.  They're even punker than David Cassidy, that dude was punk. They're on MTV which is the punkest channel  ever because they only play really original and profound musical  compositions like Blink-182.  The boys in Blink really let their classical  training show on this one.  My favorite is their song with 2Pac.  I thought  2Pac was dead!
B000021XR5|5.0|I couldn't decide whether to give this album four stars or five since I usually reserve five stars for albums that I consider to be &quot;classic,&quot; an accolade that this album falls just short of.   However, since STP clearly stayed away from hip-hop influenced hard rock  sound that is dominating the hard rock world today, and instead opted for a  less commercial, more classic rock-influenced album, I'll give them the  benefit of the doubt and give 'em an extra half star.  Though many STP fans  were no doubt disappointed with this album (as they were with &quot;Tiny  Music&quot;) because it isn't as hard-hitting as Core or Purple, I think it  ranks among the band's best work.  I think many people were thrown off by  the first single: &quot;Down,&quot; and expected the album to be heavier  than it was.  I, on the other hand, had not heard &quot;Down&quot; before  the album was released and tried to keep an open mind about it.  After one  listen, I picked a few favorite songs: &quot;Down&quot;, &quot;Heaven &amp;  Hotrods&quot;, &quot;Sour Girl&quot;, &quot;I Got You&quot;, and  &quot;Atlanta.&quot;  But after two listens I began to appreciate more the  musical landscape that STP painted with this album. Fans that simply want  STP to &quot;rock&quot; and give up on the slower material should bear in  mind that STP was never the heaviest band in the world to begin with (Alice  in Chains certainly had a heavier sound), the difference is that, whereas  Core had 2 slow songs, this album has 4.  I'm not saying that it's the  perfect album though, and if it has one weakness, it is that many of the  songs aren't as catchy as on the previous albums, but I really do not think  it makes much of a difference: at least no one can seriously accuse STP of  selling out. They simply want to experiment, so why don't you experiment  and give this album a chance?  It deserves it!
B00000JCOV|1.0|I luve tis albim. I gayve et one stear becuze it is #1!  Slipknot is gooder then alll otter binds evin StaticX and Venilla Ise. De only problim is eye dwopedd da albim in da toilette onne dai and now it smelz bad.
6302862949|3.0|Mikhail is completely amazing.  Not only is he the most incredible dancer I have ever seen, he is also a very fine actor.  The plot of the movie isn't too entertaining, and the constant plugging of the Acadamey Award  nomminated songs becomes quite draining, but one look at the talent Mikhail  posesses in his pinky finger and all the corny, poorly written dialogue  doesn't matter so much.  One of my favorite parts in the movie is when  Gregory Hines bets his last eleven or so ruples that Baryshnikov can't do  eleven straight piroettes . . . well guess what.  What a tribute to the  amazingness of human ability, that's all I can say.  Watch this movie if  only to expand your knowledge of what true beauty is.
B00000099Y|5.0|I'd have to say that this album is enough proof for me why Tool is the most underrated band around.  &quot;nima&quot; is truly music sensation from start to finish. The percussion is excellent, carrying the song, while  the meldoie of suitar and bass perfects the musical aspect. And the lyrical  work of Maynard James Keenan is hard to top. All the songs on this  selection have a true meaning behind them. All 13 tracks carry a powerful  message, one great to listen to. If you really want something that is  purely music, and not ruined by media and overrated trends, Tool's  &quot;nima&quot; is great to buy. It's worth every cent you spend.
6305014140|5.0|This is a tremendous acheivement in anime.  Ranks right up there with Ghost in the Shell, Urotsukidoji: The Perfect Collection, Akira (when are they gonna release this on DVD?), and Lodoss War.<br />Superb action.  Nicely  fleshed characters.  Engrossing plot.  And wonderul animation.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I loved the album Significant Other by Limp Bizkit. I saw them at Woodstock and decided to buy the album. It is a truly awesome album. Fred uses more of his real singing voice on this album instead of all the  screaming. I especially love the tracks &quot;No Sex&quot;, &quot;Break  Stuff&quot;,&quot;Re-arranged&quot;, and &quot;n 2 gether now&quot;. This  album is definitely worth buying as is Three Dollar Bill Y'All.
B00000J7J4|1.0|For an artist whose career has been characterized, in my view, by a consistent dedication to the quality of his music, this piece of drek is a huge disappointment.The Amazon reviewer got it right...this cd is a blatant  attempt to appeal to the lowest common denominator. And in the current  abysmal musical climate, the results are predictably bland and uninspired.  The best song on the cd is the utterly mediocre duet with Rob Thomas, and  it goes downhill fast after that. No wonder it was so sucessful at Grammy  time.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|My business partner gave me this disc for XMas, and I can't thank him enough.  Baraka is an incredible journey around our beautiful, fragile and often horrific world.<br />Although there is not one spoken word of narration  or acting (a relieving experience) - Baraka guides you through a unique  view of mankind's relationships with nature, animals, himself and the  spiritual plane.<br />This DVD is a gem!
B000001ABD|4.0|Although Original Musiquarium &amp; At The Close of A Century are better compilations,Song Review is a less expensive more well rounded collection,as well as a recommendation for the uninitiated.Unlike  Musiquarium, that focuses on his brilliant 1972-1980 work,Song Review also  features his 60's &amp; 80's work.And for the Stevie fan,it featues the  first appearance of Ebony &amp; Ivory and Stay Gold(from The Outsiders) on  a Stevie Wonder collection.Also a bonus are the single mixes of many songs  making it a blessing when making Stevie mix tapes.The only problem is a  &quot;thrown together&quot; feel of the sequencing,where different era  &amp; song styles don't mesh.And like many compilations,some essential  songs aren't included in favor of others thats on every compilation(where's  You Haven't Done Nothing, a #1 hit , If You Really Love  Me,Shoo-Be-doo...)and the editing of the 10 minute plus Do I Do &amp; the 6  Minute Lovelight In Flight would've left room for more songs.In all this  should be a starting point for people getting into Stevie's Music.Then from  there Innervision,Talking Book,Fullfillingness...you get the picture.
6302763835|4.0|ONE OF THE BEST SCARY FLICKS EVER MADE. TO THIS DAY I HAVE AN AVID FEAR OF SPIDERS. FAR BETTER THAT JUST A &quot;50'S HORROR SHOW&quot;, IT HELPED SET THE STAGE FOR CREEPY MOVIES THAT ALSO INTERTWINED MUSIC VERY EFFECTIVELY
B000003BF4|5.0|This album was recorded when Mick Jagger was still, well, Mick Jagger and not a parody of himself as he is now.  Strutting around the stage, as Richard Belzer referred to him, &quot;Like a rooster on LSD&quot; this was  the Rolling Stones at the top of their game.  From the moment the house  announcer asks, &quot;Does everything seem to be ready, Ladies and  Gentlemen, the greatest rock and roll band in the world, THE ROLLING  STONES!&quot; , the band proceeds to tear into &quot;Jumping Jack  Flash&quot;, and the Stones begin to perform what would eventually become  one of the greatest &quot;live&quot; albums of all-time.  There is no let  up in this performance, from &quot;Jumping Jack Flash&quot; to the  blistering &quot;Sympathy For The Devil&quot; to good-time rockers like  &quot;Carol&quot; and &quot;Little Queenie&quot; , to the &quot;bring the  house down&quot; finale of &quot;Street Fighting Man&quot;.  All in all a  stellar performance by the Stones (&quot;Charlie's good tonight isn't  he?&quot;).  This album chronicles the Stones at a time when they really  were entitled to be referred to as &quot;The Greatest Rock and Roll Band in  the World&quot; and they hadn't even recorded &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; or  &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; yet!
B00000JGOH|1.0|Despite the costumes and accents, the humor here is at the level of a Steve Guttenberg film.  The only worthwhile part is the actual performance of Romeo and Juliet -- and as we know, that was not by the film's  screenwriters.<br />Two examples of why this film is lousy.  First, the idea  that Gwyneth Paltrow's character's disguise as a man could convince anyone  not legally blind is absurd --since this is crucial to the plot, it's a  major problem.  (By the way, that's not a plot giveaway, since the viewer  always knows that it's Gwyneth behind the mustasche).  Second, the joke of  making the original title of Romeo and Juliet &quot;Romeo and Ethel the  Pirate's Daughter&quot; -- well, if you find that to be clever, I guess  you'll find the rest of the movie clever as well.<br />If you're really  interested in Shakespeare, see the recent versions of OTHELLO and RICHARD  III -- or better yet, Al Pacino's LOOKING FOR RICHARD.  If you you're  looking for chick flick masquerading as high comedy, and enjoy patting  yourself on the back for being &quot;sophisticated,&quot; this is the movie  for you.
B00001QEE7|5.0|The Little Mermaid is arguably one of Disney's alltime greatest achievements. The music is amazing and the songs are the most fun Disney has ever brought. The animation, ahh, the revived animation is one of The  Little Mermaid strongest points. It's amazing and colorful. The fact that  it was painted with hand just makes it more cherished and precious. The  characters are memorable and Ariel and Sebastian and the rest of the cast  are Disney's all-time beloved characters. The story is famous and beloved  and why, it's no wonder the movie turned out to be the most successful one  up to 1991's also beautiful Beauty and the Beast.
B0000203Y5|5.0|I have seen &quot;Lisbon Story&quot; by Win Wenders four or five years ago, and when I was visiting Europe this winter I got really excited when I found out he came out with a new movie - &quot;Buena Vista Social  Club&quot;.  Just like with other Wenders's movies, it is hard to define  what &quot;Buena Vista&quot; is really about.  Is it about Cuba and its  lifestyle?  Yes, but not only that.  Is it about Cuban music?  Of course,  but there is something more to it.  It is the atmosphere in the movie that  I absolutely loved.  The music, also the players and singers of the  &quot;son de Cuba&quot; are alive.  Thier dedication to each other and,  maybe more importantly, to the music is unique.  &quot;Buena Vista Social  Club&quot; is real, and you have to see it and feel it to truely  understand.  There are no words that could explain the experience of this  movie.  &quot;Buena Vista&quot; was beautiful and watching it a pure joy!
6302787068|5.0|Aladdin was 1992's biggest moneymaker. Instead of fighting their own standards of a superior romance film like The Little Mermaid or Beauty and the Beast, the company tried to open to another category: a comedy. As  everyone can see, the beginning in Aladdin is not as interseting as The  Mermaid's or mysterious as Beauty's. In fact, there are few scenes in  Aladdin such as the narration and other sequences which just don't follow  the standards of animation set by 1989's The Little Mermaid or 1991's  Beauty and the Beast. But the cave of wonders scenes and the rest of the  movie usually ARE impressive and visual. The songs are good, good and quite  memorable. They lack Under the Sea or Belle but still, they are good and  Aladdin won even more prizes than Mermaid and Beauty. Aladdin is indeed one  off Disney's all time favorites. The characters are indeed memoable and  beloved. Jafar is a remarkable villain. Aladdin ends up being a true  classic.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Baraka as can be seen in the other reviews is a cinematic masterpiece. Unfortunately it appears that MPI Media for the DVD release has merely retransferred the original video transfers that were made a number of years  ago for the Laserdisc and VHS release. My DVD copy has the same dust specks  that were visible on the Laserdisc release from a few years back. As an  owner of a 16:9 widescreen television it is really sad to give up nearly  1/3 of the resolution on the widescreen version to letter boxing. MPI  should have gone to the expense of retransferring the original negative  anamorphically to achieve the highest quality possible for the future. I am  dissapointed and await a &quot;videophile&quot; re-release some day  hopefully in the near future.
B00001QEE2|3.0|&quot;Hercules&quot; was better that Hunchback for few reasons, and also had its flaws. First, this &quot;suggestion&quot; of a new Hercules version is not as inventive as Aladdin. But it doesn't fit as well as in Aladdin,  simply because Aladdin was not a legend or a greek myth. And if you'll try  to notice there aren't any differences between the story crafting of both  films. Also, one strong point that stands to Hercules is its villain. Hades  is well drown and sophisticated, also very funny. One of the things Disney  has been lacking in the past few years is a good villain. Ratcliff wasn't  even near to perfection, Frollo was TOO scary, no funny jokes or  sophisticated lines. Simply a turn to Ursula and Gaston's perfections! The  animation in Hercules is not impressive or breathtaking, it's very abstract  and doesn't follow The Hunchback of Notre Dame's beautiful backgrounds.  Another thing, the characters aren't remarkable and look very strange,  Herc's ears look like cookies.  Overall, the movie is pretty good,  unfortunately it was not a huge financial success like The Lion King.
B00000JMG7|5.0|If you are thinking of buying this set, don't hesitate. I guarantee you will not be disappointed. Country Mile, Got My Mojo Working, I Take What I Want and Cruise On Out represent Gallagher and his band at their energetic  best.  Probably the best live act of all time. I was fortunate enough to be  present at the Venue, London when the BBC live set was recorded. It sounds  as good now as it did all those years ago.   Memo to BMG/Capo/Buddah -  PLEASE release the unbelievable version of The Last Of The Independents  from that set - it was definitely the highlight of the night.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|I think AMAZON.com has underadvertized the THX 5.1 feature of this movie. Played on the HT with the Denon AVR-5700 receiver as a centerpiece, the film is nothing short of stunning. Take the scenes where the troop is on training or the battle on the mountain as two of many impressive examples.<br />Overall, I love this movie. The excellent choice of animated colors, the touching story full of love, heroism, friendship, humor, family, war, patriotism, etc... ALL in this one movie! This can easily bring tears to your eyes. Last, it really shows off your Home Theater. What a picture and sound, WOW!<br />And what about the bonus video of Christine Aguilera singing the Mu Lan's song.  You'll love it!
B000001Y2U|5.0|This CD is my favoite.  The songs are awesome and I am glad I bought this CD.  The best tracks are #`s 2,4,9,11,15,16.  BUY IT!
B00000JCB2|1.0|i hate rap the first cd was rockin and electric shockin if you want a good cd go buy phunk junkeez.
630575067X|4.0|I have seen this movie two times and each time I was on the end of my seat. This movie is very exciting but not very funny.I liked Darth Maul,Obi and Qui-gon Jinn. My mother went to go and see this movie with me because she knew that my Dad had gone to see it the first day it was out,and my Mom  even liked the movie a lot.
6304025831|3.0|I thought that this movie was more enjoyable then many. And Bobby was great. Although Scorsese has had better movies I thought that this was basicaly well done. If there hadn't been as much narration during the film  it would have been more dramatic. I thought a lot of the action was cool  (althogh not an action movie) and the soundtrack made it more colorful. Now  don't get me wrong I love Joe Pesci, but he could use the f word less. The  movie did get repetetive at times, but the acting kept it interesting. And  Sharon Stone did a terrific job. So in the end it is a pretty good flick,  but will only be truly liked by fans of mafia movies.
B000005IU2|5.0|Kicks you in the guts and teeth simultaneously. Nothing beats this album except Rhino Handmade's 7-CD box set of &quot;Funhouse&quot; outtakes, winner of the 20th Century's Most Gratuitous CD Reissues prize, wherein you  get to listen to something like 30 demo versions of &quot;Loose,&quot; not  to mention the unedited 17+ minute original &quot;L.A. Blues,&quot; a beast  which would frighten even the likes of the Dead C. at their gnarliest off  the stage, through the dressing-room, out to their cars, and away, away  home. The first Soft Machine album had some sort of blurb inferring that  &quot;there is music for the body and music for the mind -- this is music  for the mind.&quot; THIS, on the other hand, is music for the body --  whatever the old adage about stringed instruments having been originally  made using cat-gut strings, which resonated with our human-gut guts --  Marcel Duchamp took issue with this, but he was a visual artist, not a  crank like me -- and I say, if you do not know your own body, and the  freako rages it contains, and the circuitous routes generally required for  the surfacing and airing thereof -- buy this. Blow your speakers. Estrange  your neighbors. Brazenly tempt eviction proceedings. Slap it in your  Walkperson and go running. Eat the air. Slam into moving trucks. Leap over  poodles in a single bound...
B000000W5N|3.0|Good mix of rock &amp; Roll and Sou
0140277447|5.0|Iris Chang's The Rape of Nanking is a stark reminder of the barbaric parallel that exists between militaristic Japan and Germany during WWII; a parallel that the modern pacifist Pachinko/Pokemon loving Japan is so eager  to deny. Both countries were led by extreme right wing elements that sought  to extend economic and cultural sovereignty beyond their boarders at the  expense of any vestige of peace or justice.  Remember, there is absolutely  no difference between what Nazi Germany attempted to do in Eastern Europe  beginning with it's invasion of Poland in 1939, and what Japan attempted to  do to in Asia beginning with its invasion of Korea in 1910. Both countries  set out - with government policy to justify their criminal acts - to  obliterate and replace the cultures that they occupied with their cultures,  and to utilize the citizens of these occupied territories as 1) puppet  leaders, 2) slave labor, 3) sex slaves, and/or 4) target practice. Never  never never never forget that millions of men and woman died so that  current generations could live free from German/Japanese fascism. Never  never let modern right wing elements in Japan turn you with their  passionate lie that they were the victims of WWII; that their grandparents'  war was fought to &quot;liberate&quot; Asia from western domination. Thank  you Ms. Chang for providing a glimpse of the truth.
6302215730|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I was simply enchanted. If you're looking for humor, adventure, and romance, this is the movie to pick up.
B00003003R|2.0|I saw Guns n' Roses live before they became headliners and didn't enjoy the show but have enjoyed their music over the years since.I was surprised at a few songs that were not included here that were (from what I hear)  staples of their live shows.Songs like....&quot;Live and Let  Die&quot;,&quot;Civil War&quot; and &quot;Hair of the Dog&quot;.....songs  that would have made this cd a whole lot better and much more  enjoyable.Most people have said that songs like &quot;November Rain&quot;  and a few other songs shouldn't have been included on the cd but in my  opinion (although I personally don't enjoy their ballad style songs)they  are there to represent the entire career of the band.I rate this cd at 2  stars not because of poor musicianship or sound quality or anything that is  on the cd,I rate it that way because there is so much this cd could have  been but never made it to its full potential.
B000002BQK|5.0|it's been 3 years since the release of butterfly and i am just compelled to write my thoughts down on the album.  this is the album that mariah showcases her artistry.  i have to take this track by track.HONEY mariah  can seem to take a mindless dweeb of a producer to their career high (puff  daddy) this tracks' lyrics are the epitomy of perfection of a dance song  the music to this track is the epitomy of perfection of a dance song  whitney houston/celine dion eat your hearts out because this girl has done  something here that you two could only dream about mix hiphop/r&amp;b with  pop/dance.BUTTERFLY. . . .why i do beleive this is lyrically the best song  ever written how can a pop artist take 3 and 4 syllable words write them in  a verse and it style flow rhythmically this is perfection MY ALL the first  verse is an instant classic lyrically and the last chorus is an instant  classic vocally mariah takes such picturesque lyrics and combines them with  the most captivating vocals to create one of the best love songs ever  recordedTHE ROOF &amp; Fourth of july prove no one tells a story like  mariah carey NOONE her voice whisers teases and explods on both songs  BREAKDOWN by time i get to this track i'm already in tears from the  absolute beauty of the first 5 tracks but this one is her most clever it is  a shock that she is able to melodically keep pace with bone thugs in  harmony the lyrics here are incredible i could do without the adlibs in the  last 30 seconds of the track but the song is aesthetically one of the best  on the album.BABYDOLL is the r&amp;b fans delight the beat words and music  added to mariahs voice can make this song a black radio favoraite if sony  has the guts to release the singleCLOSE MY EYES is the best account of a  traumatizing childhood ever recorded lyrically its infectious and moving  WHENEVER YOU CALL is a song that sucks you in and  gets better with each  passing moment the lyrics here are absolutely poetically astounding but inthe final dramatic chorus mariah sounds better than ever the vocals here  are the brightest spot on the projectFLY AWAY i love mariah's dance  interludes and they are a welcome change of pace from the lyrical heaviness  of the rest of the album its light its catchy it belongs hereTHE BEAUTIFUL  ONES i love the collaboration here it is much more energetic than 1 sweet  day MC couldn't have picked a better song to add to this project and i love  how her voice starts as a whisper and ballons out love his love this love  thisOUTSIDE just when you thought how is she gonna end this album off so  you can label it perfect she goes into the mind of every person who has  ever felt on the outside and psychoanalizes it into a song this song is  exceptional the feelings belted in the last chorus are the most heartfelt  on the projecti cannot tell you how much this project means to me i have  always loved MC but this album put her over the top.  artistacally vocally  lyrically it leaves nothing to be desired this is my favoraite album ever  because out of the 143 CD's i own it's the only 1 i can listen to all the  way through and brings me to tears in it's final moments i beleive that  mariah is a genius and that this is the only album in the history of music  to SUCCESSFULLY blend hip hop r&amp;b soul pop adult contemporary and dance  music together as it should be mariah has just flown above the likes of  whitney houston and celine dion because she has demonstrated one thing  these women can only dream of absolute  . . . artistry
6300274268|5.0|This stands out from other Disney classics during the producer's lifetime in that it's not a romance film. I guess that Disney made this film in contrast to his best romance film released the year before,  &quot;Cinderella&quot;. <br />I loved the soundtrack to AIW; never have I  heard such a fitting melody to begin the film. <br />The villians in this  movie stand out from all the others that I've seen from Disney.<br />Anybody  who owns Disney must have this in their collection.
0679746048|5.0|This book is unbelievable it has truth written all over it. For any woman or man thats ever felt out of place or even a bit crazy this book is for you. A Thrashing voice from a youth and her 18 months spent in a mental  hospital
B000009RC2|4.0|Not much else can be said about John McLaughlin and Mahavishnu Orchestra, this is an essential album. Track 1 &quot;Meeting of the spirits&quot; has to be my #2 song of all time (second only to Return to Forever's  &quot;Romantic Warrior&quot;)
B000007SIN|5.0|Gaucho is one of my favorite Steely Dan CD's. The music is mellow is smooth with excellent sound quality and production. I love to cruise around at night listening to this CD, it makes the city come alive. Time Out Of  Mind and Glamour Profession are my favorites off this album, along with  Babylon Sisters. Becker and Fagen's lyrics are always worth a listen.
630575067X|5.0|The best movie. I know some people put down Jake Loyd's acting but he is just a kid and I think he did extreamly well . Jar Jar steals the show with his funny accent and his clumsieness (if there is such word) . Qui-Gon and  Obi-Wan did awesome , Queen Amidala / Padme did good, and Darth Maul is so  cool with that lightsaber and those teeth . The special effect are amazing  Jar-Jar is all CG and looks like a real alein . A definite buy!
B000002KL3|5.0|This album kind of sounds like the boys were all drunk when they recorded this, but; it sounds awesome. The music is just good straight ahead rock and roll with nothing fancy thrown in. Dave's lyrics are always worth a  listen and has some classic lines on this one. EVERYBODY WANTS SOME is one  the best VH songs ever and THE CRADLE WILL ROCK is awesome. I also love the  album cover.
630575067X|1.0|I find it absurd that this movie is not being released on DVD. Considering all the special effects that went into this movie, you would think that Lucas and Co. would use probably the best medium in DVD, to show their  product in the best possible format. I am waiting for the DVD. If I want  VHS, I will watch my trilogy. I WANT MY DVD!
B000002L99|5.0|This is my favorite Van Halen album. It was a dream come true when Sammy Hagar joined the band. Sammy's singing is strong and Eddie's guitar playing sizzles from track 1 to track 9. I love the synthesizers blending in to  make Dreams and Love Walks In sound excellent. Alex Van Halen kicks on the  drums as always and never sounded better. BEST OF BOTH WORLDS and HOT  SUMMER NIGHTS are rock classics displaying Eddie Van Halen's guitar playing  at it's finest.
6305750750|3.0|Sure the Star Wars trilogy is good, and so was this film. The first time I saw it was good, and loud. After the second time I saw it, I was kinda bored. Bear in mind this film is not for everyone. With campy diolouge and  amazing special effects, this latest installment of the Lucas imagination  is a fair distraction. Did anyone see the tv specials of the guy in that  Darth Maul makeup and thick Drew Carey glasses? Scary!
0684867621|5.0|This book has revived my faith in Stephen King. After reading Bag of Bones and being bored to death (Well, I only made it through about 150 pages. After reading this I may take another whack at it), I thought King may have lost his touch. I was dead wrong. The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon rates up  there with The Green Mile, and even comes close to touching what I like to  call the &quot;untouchable&quot; &quot;Stand.&quot; I read this book in  less than 2 days, and during those two days I had several distractions that  took me away from the book much longre than I would have liked. It is  refreshing to read a King novel that is less than 500 pages long. I went  into the book thinking it would be boring (considering the storyline, how  exciting could it be?). But, once again I was dead wrong. This was  THE most suspenseful novel I have ever read. I was on the edge of my seat  through the entire journey. I got to know the character more than I ever  got to know any character, movie or book. Thank you, Mr. King... for  another great book.
B000002ORU|4.0|I'd just like to point out that several of the Who's key singles (Substitute, The Seeker, I Can't Explain, Join Together, Magic Bus and others) and dozens of b-sides, etc., are not on the original album reissues  that everybody raves about. The boxed set does a good job of bringing all  the odds and sods together along with the hits and unreleased material.  Among the in-print CDs, its the best single (if expensive) clearing house  for the Who's scattered repertoire. If you love the Who, you need the box -  like it or not.
B00000J7S8|5.0|While I'm a new fan of Diana Krall, I have to say that she's such a great talent, and I'm so glad that there's an artist like her out there making music. In this day of &quot;Mainstream Pop&quot;, hearing someone who has  real musicianship is a much needed change of pace. <br />The first time I saw  Diana was when I was watching Jazz Central on BET a few years ago, and I  was truly impressed, but I never really tried to find out anything more  about her, until this year. I was searching on the Internet and I found her  rendition of &quot;Christmas time is here&quot;. I was totally blown away,  and I had to find more. <br />From the very first song, &quot;Let's face the  music and dance&quot;, with its steamy bossa nova, smokey delivery from  Diana, and smooth string accompaniment, it's really hard to put this album  down. All of the arrangements are extremely well done, and Diana brings out  all of the emotions of each song like she's lived through them all.  Especially the title track. I couldn't stop listening to it. I just hit the  replay button, and fell into the lush sounds of the strings, the warm  guitar, while I fell in love with Diana's soothing, comforting voice. VERY  few albums have ever done that to me before, and I can't wait for her next  effort so she can do it to me again.<br />  Now I can understand that  people are mad that Diana doesn't show off her great piano chops, and those  who claim that she's selling out, but I have to totally disagree. Diana  doesn't have to go the route of so many artists and use their albums to  display how great they are; she just wants the music to show for itself. As  for the selling out thing, she is more popular, yes. Being nominated for  Album of the year proves that, but can't an artist be allowed to grow, and  even expand out of their genre ever so slightly? This album is NOT Pop and  ESPECIALLY NOT elevator music. Having strings on a jazz album is also not a  sign of selling out either. While the strings were certainly not needed, as  she sounds just as great with just her trio, the strings just added a whole  other dimension to the songs. I'm glad that she went that route, as it made  for a wonderfully splendid album.<br /> It couldn't come any more highly  recommended. Go get it now. And while you're at it, newcomers should go and  get her other albums as well, so you can see that her talent isn't just a  one-album affair; it's the real deal.
B0000025BL|2.0|Of the three songs released as singles from this album, two of them &quot;Two Out Of Three Ain't Bad,&quot; and &quot;You Took The Words Out Of My Mouth,&quot; can still manage to garner attention in a kind of embarrassed to admit you like them kind of way.  The third, &quot;Paradise  By The Dashboard Light&quot; is just plain tacky.<br />The rest of &quot;Bat  Out of Hell&quot; is a mixed bag, with little, if any, of it really holding  up some 20 years later as terribly compelling.   It served its purpose at  the time I suppose, and for that we can be grateful.  But to be honest, I  can't imagine this serving today as anything other than nostalgia.  For  that reason, the division this seems to be creating among reviewers  is quite fascinating.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I was never a very big Creed fan, but after hearing this CD, I fell in love for them! The CD is great and I love the lyrics. I also love the song &quot;Higher&quot;, and &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;. This is a great  buy for ANY person who is into great lyrics mixed in with some rock.
B00000255X|3.0|Following up the legendary &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; was a tall order, and Dylan certainly did not embarrass himself with the solid &quot;Desire.&quot;  With the presence of Scarlet Rivera's violin and  songwriting assistance from Jacques Levy, the album has an  &quot;artier&quot; feel than most Dylan albums.  The presence of Emmylou  Harris is yet another benefit that results in &quot;Desire&quot; getting a  strong recommendation.  But in comparison to his monumental work in the  60's as well as &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; this album lags a bit.  In  short: a solid album?  You bet.  Dylan's best?  Not even in the running.  3  1/2 stars.
6305750750|3.0|One thing you have to understand is that George Lucas when interviewed  years ago about the prequels said that they would be very different from  the original episodes IV-VI.  He said the plots would be far less action  oriented and have more political intrigue.  He thought a lot of fans would  not like them expecting something similar to the original trilogy.   From  the reviews so far he has been correct.   He recently described the  prequels like this.  Episode I introduce characters.  Episode II  Anakin  falls in love and marries.  Episode III  Anakin is seduced to the dark side  of the force.   If Episode I was supposed to introduce the characters then  it accomplished its goal.   The trade dispute plot doesn't engage you like  the galactic civil war in the original trilogy but the menace of the Sith  does have a sense of foreboding to it.  In some ways this might have been a  better movie with less special effects and more intrigue but I guess Lucas  felt he couldn't do that to the fans.  A better sense of the political  conflict might have helped.  You do have to view this as a section of a  much larger whole which will be completed  about 6 years from now.    Standing alone it comes up a bit short.
B00000JCB3|5.0|limp rocks, it is their best cd ( significant other ) even my mom likes i
0679745203|5.0|When i first read this, i could only think what was going on? But as you  continue read it, it opens up to you, each fold falling away to reveal  clarity to what is going on.  It is an absolutely amazing book.  Very  elegantly written.  Wonderful prose.  I adored the book and I adored the  movie.  Both are great to watch and read.
0440234743|2.0|Neat opening and a concept he could have done wonders with!  But alas  after the first 50 pages, the book just loses all its substance. It then  becomes an extremely predictable narrative of what's already on the back  cover. More like reading a bloated version of a newspaper article! You  really don't miss anything if you skip through the 200 odd pages in the  Brazilian forest.  Certainly *not* the riveting page turner, some reviewers  claim it to be.  Way below Grisham's caliber. In fact, its not even in his  class!
6305750750|5.0|Don't believe the hype or the ridiculous negativity.  This movie was brilliant.  I'm a HUGE Star Wars fan, and I just loved it.  The special effects were so phenomenal...I saw it 11 times in theaters and saw  something new each time I saw it.    I think what people don't understand  is that is Chapter 1 of a 6-part story, and that things that weren't quite  explained here will be in the next 2 movies. It's like reading the first  chapter in a book and already knowing the last 3 chapters. And I WAS a kid  (only 3!) when SW premiered in 1977, who am I to complain about the kid  angle now?  I love the new definitions of the Force, and watching how  Palpatine clawed his way into power.  And Jar Jar Binks?  Give him a break!   He was sweet, and he DID have a point!   A very important point, I might  add.  Some people should remember that that this kind of negativity is just  as damaging to kids as too much violence in movies.    I would LOVE to see  a DVD version of this sooner, but hey...I'll take what I can get, because I  can't wait to see this again (and again and again and again!)
1573226521|4.0|This book lets you look through the eyes of a man seeking for advanture. He (the main character, Richard)comes across new people in his life and new surroundings. He is faced with isolation and the secerts behind the Beach.  I recommend this book with a passion for new things. It is well written and  creats a new world for your imagination.
1572522232|5.0|There are two versions of Suspiria and only two.  (Not including television, which I do not consider a version, and not including anything Dario Argenti might have in his closet).  The one on the Magnum label,  perhaps out of print, is the complete film.  The one sold here is a  tolerable version.  Essentially the following scenes are of questionable  completeness:  do we have the full opening scenes murder of the girls in  the Tanz Akadamie?  No version shows a &quot;heart being yanked out&quot;.   A knife is thrust into a beating heart...hardly the same thing.  Do we have  the full scene of the blind man killed in the square?  Do we have the full  ending?  The last of the three is indeed where editing most sorely hurts.   This is somewhat odd since the first two gore scenes are the more  shockingly violent.  The ending of edited versions feels rushed compared to  the rest of the movie, whose pace is refreshingly slow.  I disagree  vehemently with those who attack the writing and the plot.  The plot makes  perfect sense.  Here are some clues to its meaning:  Jessica Harper's  character is not entirely innocent.
6305718954|1.0|Thoroughly dull, addle-brained wannabe-supernatural &quot;thriller&quot;---rips off at least a half-dozen other (much better) movies, fills the screen with pretty but meaningless special effects, dull  characters you don't care about, and a jumbled, unfocused view of faith.   Nothing's set up convincingly, and there's no real payoff dramatically or  viscerally for this incredibly lame story.  The writer couldn't even come  up with a decent villain---the least a hackneyed horror film can do is give  you a good Bad Guy/Girl, and the denoument is so silly and lame that I  wanted to throw something at the screen out of sheer boredom and  frustration.<br />Insultingly stupid.
6305089957|5.0|The same plot... sorta.. Syd goes to college, and there's a whole lot of blood and gore. Just as good, possibly better than &quot;Scream&quot;... Really cool ending, too. Everything about this movie is extremely well  done. I can't wait to see &quot;Scream 3&quot;!
B00003Q438|5.0|The Abyss is my favourite movie of all time. It is mysterious, beautiful, suspenseful and full of great characters. The only complaint of this movie is the theatrical version which was a bit confusing but the special edition  makes everything come together. This movie is very underated and should be  named a classic! Can't wait for the DVD.
0790729989|5.0|Okay - the movie was good. I have no complaints about the movie. And I don't own a DVD player, so I don't know about the quality of the DVD... (I can't review it on VHS, because it's not available on VHS) It was good.  Morgan Freeman, the beautiful Brad Pitt, the talented Gwyneth Paltrow...  Could one ask for anymore?<br />Possibly. If you've got DVD, you've got alot  to complain about... I mean, what is this about TURNING OVER THE DVD?  If  you buy the DVD, you shouldn't have to turn it over to watch the rest of  the movie... <br />But hey - I'm not complaining.<br />It was a good movie.
6300215814|5.0|I am, without a doubt, a complete Audrey hepburn fan.  I love her, and this is one of the best movies that, in my opinion, she ever made.  The opening scene, of an immpossibly chic and beautiful Audrey munching on  breakfast, gazing into Tiffany's displays, is classic.  Everything about  this movie is classic, the clothes, the song (moon river), the love story,  it's just such a great movie. No one's movie collection is complete without  this movie, So, if you haven't yet, go see it, and I'm sure you will be as  big of a fan as I am. If you like it, also see Sabrina, Roman Holiday, and  Funny Face.
6304675348|5.0|I love this movie, but it isn't scary... (That's okay.) This movie circles around Neve Campbell, a high school student who's friends began dropping like flies. Alot of inventive stuff, like calling up the victims and  saying: &quot;What's your favorite scary movie?&quot; It's a good teenage  movie. Very cool!
0380018179|5.0|I read this book last summer at first I couldn't get into it, but once I  did I couldn't put it down. It was a very sad beautful story I think  everyone should read. And I'm only 15 years old!
B000007T1M|1.0|My god, there are soo many bands capable of doing what these guys do.  Barely anything original in their playing (but the singer's outfits are cool).  I could pull four guys out of any bar band across the globe and  they'd be as good a band as these guys.  Powerman 5000, Static X, Incubus,  Sevendust, hell, even Slipknot and Stepkings blow these guys away, period.   The album is seriously mediocre, as well.  Recommend take two aspirins and  get a Led Zeppelin record instead.
0783226543|5.0|Brian DePalma and Al Pacino reunite after their epic crime drama, &quot;Scarface,&quot; to make &quot;Carlito's Way.&quot; Of the two, I would say &quot;Scarface&quot; is the best. But still, &quot;Carlito's  Way&quot; is an excellent film about a man destined to clean up his life  but the past begins to chase him down. I am reminded of a line Pacino says  in &quot;The Godfather Part 3,&quot; &quot;Just when I thought I was out,  they pull me back in.&quot; He could have used it in this film. Like the  best films of Oliver Stone and Martin Scorsese, DePalma brings his film to  life with his signature: Style. DePalma creates an exciting movie through  the rich cinematography, costumes, sets and camera angles. As in  &quot;Scarface,&quot; this film is filled with that cool Latin style and  there's enough detail that makes this film worth more than one viewing.  Pacino gives an entertaining and extremely effective performance. The  violence here is done with style (also as in &quot;Scarface&quot;) and  flows with the story and characters. We get the sense that the film is  always alive and we're always interested in what's happening. The  soundtrack is a mix of great songs. Even Carlos Santana is included with  &quot;Oye Como Va.&quot; In the end, &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is a great  movie with interesting characters, not least John Leguizamo's well-dressed  hood, Benny Blanco From The Bronx. The story is intriguing and sometimes  passionate. And the movie is visually rich at every corner. &quot;Carlito's  Way&quot; is excellent filmmaking from one of the masters.
6305076995|1.0|I've been a long fan of Yes.  Steve Howe is one of the greatest guitar players ever, however, this DVD sounds TERRIBLE!  I acutally went and re-checked my wirering to make sure something wasn't wrong. The video is not good either.  The camera is out of focus or SOMETHING! Too bad.  This  is Yes at their prime.  For you guitar players, it's worth it just to watch  the master at work. But for everyone else -- don't buy it -
B000023VTQ|5.0|This movie is a &quot;must see&quot; for romantic comedy buffs.  This is not only the best romantic comedy of 1999, it is one of the best movies of the year.  I highly recommed seeing this film.  I watched it 3 times in the  theaters.
0156421178|5.0|In this gripping book, you find some of the best reportage about the Spanish Civil War and you get some of the most engaging descriptions of anarchist and communal living.  People always complain about the part of  the book which emphasizes party politics in Spain, and you can easily skip  that--or, you can peer into a seminal experience for Orwell.  His  frustrations with the Stalin-supported Spanish communists drove him to  write 1984 and Animal Farm.  Orwell is better known for these  anti-communist writings and less so for his own socialist creed and deep  compassion for the poor.  Homage to Catalonia captures both his admiration  of the working classes and his abject fear of communism.  For the writing,  for the vision of collectivism, for the war journalism, for the eyewitness  accounts of crucial history, and for many more reasons, this book should be  a part of everyone's library.
6305127689|3.0|This movie is about digital sound, the soundtrack and lots of aerial stuff. the story could have been better, but this movie is not really about story. lots of action keep it fast paced and a movie that can be watched  more than once. unfortunatly this dvd release comes devoid of extras.  however the digital sountrack is well worth a listen to. if you like top  gun then you will definitly enjoy the dvd.
B000002ADT|5.0|This album is the opitomy of jazz.  This is by far the most influential album that had ever graced music.  How many times did Miles create new kinds of music. When I first started playing jazz bass the first two songs  I learned were &quot;So What&quot; and &quot;All Blues&quot;.  I have  played 4 of the five songs off of this album in a band setting(all but  Flamenco Sketches) but I am sure I will play that one sooner or later.   Every single Jazz musician owes Miles Davis a debt of gratitude.
B0000028UK|5.0|OK. . . so i might be assuming too much if i say this album will change your life- but I'm saying it anyway! I'm a die-hard music lover, and as soon as i first heard pearl jam (at the tender age of 11) i fell head over  heels. Being at such a vulnerable age and feeling so alone,i found a dear  friend in pearl jam's TEN, and their lyrics helped me understand that all  people go through hell sometimes. The lyrics of &quot;Vs&quot; (my fave pj  album) empowered me and gave me music to laugh to, cry to, and cherish  altogether. Eddie Vedder has such an amazing voice and their songs are so  unique compared to any other.  I am now 19 turning 30 ( i've gone through  so much in my young life like deaths of loved ones, living around the  world, and so much more) and i still cherish &quot;Vs.&quot; to this very  day. I reach for it when the world doesn't make sense, get into my car and  shout out the lyrics to &quot;rearviewmirror&quot;- while i drive into the  dark. . . and i stop feeling so alone in this world.  I imagine that I know  Eddie, because his lyrics are so in touch with all of the different  emotions i go through and with all of the affect dynamics in my life. When  I listen to Pearl Jam, I can close my eyes and feel the moisture of my  first loves goodbye kiss on my cheek( so many years ago now it seems ), My  mother's hand in mine and i feel the breeze on my face of a million new  experiences and treasured moments that yet haven't entered my life.  Pearl  Jam's &quot;Vs.&quot; is an album to treasure, I promise.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is propably the best Beatles album (and that is tall order to fullfill).  This is truely a fitting end to the best rock group ever to grace the earth. The Beatles are the best there is, the best there was and  the best there ever will be.
6305268843|5.0|I loved this movie. The connection of love between the two strangers and the love this mother has for her child is so strong. I love the era and have recommended this film to several people. The message of love and  strength during hard times stays with you for days.
B000005JA8|5.0|Yes it sounds strange at first listen, but it's one of the greats. And the people who are insulting Pet Sounds are being just as blinkered as those who are insulting TMR. Both are among the four or five greatest albums of  all time...
0812034465|4.0|I've just begun to read this book.  I was assigned it for English class.   Usually, the books we are assigned are old and boring, and we have to  analize them until we hate the book with vengence.  This book is surrounded  in mystery and it acctually helps to analize it.  I suggest this book for  grades 6-10 as an introduction to a high school English class.  I enjoyed  it greatly and think anyone who reads it, young or old will enjoy it :)
6303022901|5.0|The Joy Luck Club can be watched and understood on many levels.  It appealed to me as a man because the themes of this movie are universal.  This movie was about &quot;hope&quot; and the wish of every normal  parent--that their children will exceed them, be happier than they are, and  have peace of mind.  This movie was also about overcoming adversity and the  &quot;inner demons&quot; of shame, regret, and the sometimes horrible  mistakes that some of us have made in our lives.  Some viewers reviewing  this movie found it to be depressing. I had the opposite reaction.  I found  The Joy Luck Club to be uplifting and soothing. It is a movie for people  who are not affaid to feel and think.  I cannot recommend this movie highly  enough!
B00000IMYA|5.0|WOW! This was one of the most eagerly anticipated releases in the history of recorded jazz, and it doesn't disappoint. This is the Duke et al. at their finest, and they sizzle and swing in all the right places.   Considering the wealth of excellent songs available on this album (such as  the now infamous Diminuendo In Blue &amp; Crescendo In Blue, Black &amp;  Tan Fantasy, Take The A Train, Jeep's Blues, the Newport Festival Suite and  more) there is plenty to satisfy both the casual listener looking to take a  first step into the world of Ellington and the seasoned collector looking  to upgrade the decidely low-fi previously released incarnation of this  show. (Because this album has been created from two seperate recording  sources mixed together, the result is an unparalled richness and depth  unheard of from other releases from this era.) This album is a must have  for anyone who appreciates music!
B00000IMTH|5.0|I love this album. It has it all, great songs, great musicans and more. I think this one is better then Rainbows &quot;Rising&quot;. Great to finish the album with the slow and beutiful song &quot;Rainbow Eyes&quot;. After I  heard the song &quot;Long live rock n roll&quot; at a friends place I know  I must have this album, so I bought it the day after.
B00000DFSK|4.0|This CD gives a good overview to a new or casual listener. I detected a &quot;break&quot; within the CD which  represents 2 different periods in their music. Tracks 1-8 are early U2, so if you are into that period, it  should give you an idea about their early music. The same goes for Tracks  9-14, which is their later period and the tunes become a lot more pop than  rock. I happen to like the early period, so I stop listening to the CD by  Track 8. Almost all songs are in their different albums, and each is fairly  representative of the kind of music for each album. If you like  &quot;early&quot; U2 tunes, I recommend &quot;October&quot;,  &quot;Boy&quot; and &quot;War&quot;.
B000024ZYP|5.0|Very well played and composed music, it brings all the stress out and leaves you cosy and full of peace. Another wonderful album full with the unexplainable sound of Brahem's oud.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This album rates as one of my favourites, Diana has one of the most mellow and warm voices you could ever hope to hear. From the opening bars of &quot;Lets Face The Music and Dance&quot; the listener is drawn to the  sultry smoothness of Diana's warm voice and wonderful piano playing. For  something a little different listen to &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot; you'll  soon be singing along to this and &quot;Devil May Care&quot;. All I can say  is buy it you'll love it and want to hear more of Diana Krall.
1563523302|4.0|This is a good book for all people to read. Another good book is Money by  Andrew Hacker printed in 1997. The authors should include in the  introduction that having accumalated 1,000,000 dollars of net worth does  not make one wealthy or rich. This is the year 2000 and the last half  century of inflation has changed the concept of what is wealthy or rich.  Today one million in net worth ranks you only in the comfortable middle  class, not rich. Back in 1996 about 112,000 families filed Federal Income  Tax Returns with incomes of one million dollars or more. I have read that  in 1972 there were only 200,000 millionaires in the USA. Back in the middle  1940's some one with one million net worth had the same purchasing power as  ten million today, and that was one million, if they had two million back  then, today thats twenty million. One million dollars just isn't what it  once was, today its just comfortable middle class. Once one realizes this  fact, the books story line, the actual life style of real millionaires,  diminishes the intensity of the term &quot;he's a millionaire&quot;. Now  you know he's just middle class. Yes he's got more then the average person,  but with the scale of todays wealth, he's not a rich person and he's not  wealthy. Realize the million dollars net worth is not cash money, its the  value of a small business and a home and other assets, very little is cash  spending money.<br />I think that the authors should have communicated that  there is an income level where their concepts of what wealth a person  should have given age and income do not apply. A low income family that  does not have the disposable income to meet the basic living expenses,  lodging, food, clothing, medical etc, does not have the funds to put aside  15 to 20 percent of pre tax income for wealth accumlation. The concepts  presented in this book do not apply to all people. In 1995 40 percent of  all USA households had incomes of less then 27,000 dollars, yes that  includes retired people and young people just starting to work, but it also  includes a vast population of adults working for a living. The ideas of  this book are not universally applicable to the American population. For  those families that have disposable income this book has the real  potential, to assist them with putting them on solid financial ground by  showing them how they are living today prevents them from acquiring a  financial cushion for future rainy days. A good read, I highly recommend  it.
B000002MTR|5.0|the peppers and dave navarro may have sounded like a good idea but it never worked! one hot minute sold well but in many peoples mids it sucked! i myself have been a fan for over 10 years and have never been let  down by anything they've put out! this album shows the peppers can play and  not stick to one sound! many people cry about how they changed their style  and eveything! listen to their 80's albums and their 90's albums! even bssm  sound differnt to mother's milk! one hot minute is full of good songs but  not songs you'd expect to hear from the peppers! songs like  aeroplane/walkabout/one big mob/falling into grace and the b'side on the my  friends single stretch(their best tune with navarro)have the old peppers  funky feel to them! this album is full of emotion! if you knew all the  stuff that happend to the boys around this time you would see why it's so  moody and emotional! tributes to river phoenix(transcending)and hillel  slovak(tearjerker-some say it's about kurt cobain or flea)and the hit  ballad my friends show the peppers in a state of darkness and depression  while deepkick tells the tale of a young anthony and flea! the peppers on  this album gave us some very dark and powerfull lyrics! this album should  not be looked at as a bad peppers album but a album of pain and  emotion! maybe you don't like the style the peppers throw at you but the  ones who understand what these guys been though can! like it or not it's  the peppers and it's a good album! no it's not bssm or cali.(two albums  that are the greatest and most underrated rock albums)one hot minute is  also in that same area! very underrated and very overlooked! this album has  just as much emotion and power as bssm/cali. have! the peppers have grown  up,and calmed down! they're not the peppers of the 80's anymore(wild and  spunky)they're nearing the big 40(except for john)also check out some of  dave's other work too(jane's addiction/deconstruction)it's also good! this  lineup was like a rocky relationship! it's better off if they just remained  friends..not bandmates!
B00003CXDU|5.0|This movie was wonderful.  A great cast and with lots of comedy and special effects.  I would love to see a sequel.  The absolute &quot;goof&quot; on trekkers (of which I am one) is perfect.  A must see.
630575067X|5.0|i've been a star wars fan since i was a little kid(i was born in 1978 and saw jedi twice when it was in theaters! )i collect star wars stuff(figures mainly).i like millions of people were looking forward to ep.1 for the  longest time and when the the week before it came i like millions of star  wars fans were so excited! the midnight sales of toys/merch. the long  ticket lines made the summer of 1999 the best summer ever in many people's  lives! when the day finally hit i was so excited and knowing of the bad  reviews it had been getting i was nervous! i knew though when the 20th  century fox logo came to the screen the waiting was over! finally george  gave us what we wanted! the whole movie made kinda tingle inside! i was  full of emotion(as i was when the special editions came out-jedi the  most! )knowing what i was watching would probally be one of the biggest  events ever! the critics were wrong! this movie has the same feel as the  previous 3! all the people out there saying the acting was bad(it was worse  in the originals! )jar-jar was a dumb addition(i' willing to bet if star  wars was made in the 90's like it was in the 70's people woule say the  creatures were not needed and were so fake looking! )everyone who loved it  saw it again and again and didn't let the bad press ruin their fun! the  people who were expecting more were let down! we all knew this would be  different from the 1st 3! no han solo..so what! it's not supposed to be a  re-make of the 1st 3! all 4 are different! the fx is amazing and  beautiful! the charcters are amazing and what you want in a star wars  movie! i can't wait until it comes to video in april! i really can't wait  until 2002 for ep.2! (way too long to wait! )star wars is back! the force  is with us all again...finally!
0553278355|5.0|I read this book immediately following &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot; by  Susanna Kaysen.  This was an interesting coincidence because both these  novels are (nearly) autobiolgraphical accounts of mental traumas these  women suffered in their early 20's.  In fact, both women had resided in the  same mental hospital during their recuperation.  I finished &quot;Girl,  Interrupted&quot; a bit confused on how I had ever rationalized spending my  time reading such a book in the first place.  The author's  over-personification of the trite theme of &quot;crazy may be sane&quot;  wasn't even accompanied by a plot.  Sadly enough, the most interesting part  of the novel was the excerpt taken from a psychology textbook describing  Kaysen's diagnosis.  Then, I picked up &quot;The Bell Jar,&quot; not  knowing what it was about, and read it.  It was everything &quot;Girl,  Interrupted&quot; had tried to be and wasn't.  The main character's  experiences were real and meaningful, and the book itself tried less to  shock its readers by trying to include monumental meaning, but instead,  simply told its tale in a beautiful and harrowing way that perfectly  reverberated the all-too-familiar struggles of a young woman emerging into  an unfamiliar world that in its simpleness, conveyed more than even Kaysen  could ever fathom being bestowed upon a reader.
0440234743|4.0|This is a excellent book filled with action and a gripping story-line.  I reccomend this book it is one that you can't put down and don't want to put down. A wealthy old man leaves his fortune to an heir that has no need for  it. In the search for the missing heir a lawyer finds the true meaning of  life. This is a great book, BUY IT!
0780020685|5.0|How meny times the cinematic technic of this movie has been studied and copied by many film makers? This is one of the few classic film that gives me the feeling of deja-vu. However, it is interesting that the soundtrack  you hear in this version is the orlder one. Since Kurosawa invented the  sound efect of samurai sword cutting the flesh on &quot;Yozimbo&quot; in  1962, he added same kind of sound efect when the film was re-released on  1991(or 1974). But before &quot;Yozimbo&quot;, there was no sound effect  like that. Each time I see this director's cut version in USA, the sound  track was always new version. Because there's no sound effect like that in  this DVD, I assume that this is the real original version in 1954.  However,it is very collectible to anyone who love the movies.
B00001ZULV|4.0|So many great memories with these songs!  For the most part they did a good job picking the tracks.  I was happy to get &quot;Tonight, Tonight, Tonight&quot; the edit version.  Don't get me wrong I like the original  too!  I could have done without &quot;Abacab&quot; the edit version!    Hits: &quot;Misunderstanding&quot;, &quot;Throwing It All Away&quot;,  &quot;That's All&quot;, &quot;Invisisble Touch&quot;, &quot;Turn It On  Again&quot;, &quot;Land Of Confusion&quot;, &quot;Jesus He Knows Me&quot;,  &quot;Mama&quot; and &quot;Follow You, Follow Me.&quot;  Could have left  off &quot;Hold On My Heart&quot;, &quot;Congo&quot;, &quot;Carpet Crawlers  1999&quot;, and &quot;No Son Of Mine.&quot;
B00002R0MC|5.0|This box set is brilliant. It is perfect if you are a newcommer to BM's music or if you have all his Island records already. Don't even bother to get &quot;Legend&quot; or &quot;Natural Mystic&quot;. You will end up  buying this one anyway. A bonus is that all tracks (of at least the two  first volumes) of &quot;Complete Wailers 1967-72&quot;, that was omitted  due to legal reasons, are available here. The only thing to complain about  is that the compilation is to brief. The box set could easily have included  10 CDs and still the quality wouldn't have been reduced.
B000002UYZ|4.0|Yes EMI stuck it to us releasing 62-66 on two CD's when it could've fit on one,but theres no denying some of the greatest music of our time.Maybe it should've been released with 67-70 in a three CD set,then we'd really get  our moneys worth as well as total Beatle bliss.
B000002G26|2.0|when Bryan Adams first came out i dug his stuff.songs such as cuts like a knife,run to you,somebody,summer of 69,heaven were catchy.but then he went into mellow mold.his music has gotten super sappy and boring.
0671004611|5.0|Perhaps the most difficult challenge for any individual in this day and age is challenging their own belief systems and paradigms.  This is best addressed by considering the process by which we come to believe the things  we do.  There exist many people who, no matter what evidence they are  provided with, are incapable of changing their stance.  These 'sheeple', as  I prefer to call them, are deeply ensconced in a myopic view of reality  that has been spoon-fed to them through mass media, religious dogma, and  the Cartesian model for scientific reasoning, to name a few.  It is my  contention that these bastions of belief are responsible, albiet subtle,  for every review of this book that cannot accept the credible nature of  Philip J. Corso's disclosures.   The Day After Roswell provides a level of  detail and credibility that is virtually unimpeachable except by those  aforementioned individuals who could not believe the story even if a  landing took place on the White House lawn in full daylight.   As far as  undermining Corso's credibility because of financial gain, rarely are  'first books' money makers, and even if this book did make him 'set for  life', that doesn't really mean much considering his age.  Additionally,  stories such as this would not likely appear on television by virtue of the  fact that, if there is indeed a government cover-up, it must be taken into  consideration that the mass media is governed by its sanctioning body, the  FCC -- a government agency.   The Day After Roswell is informative,  credible, and plausible, serving not only to shed light on what's really  going on, but in view of the negative responses it has recieved, also  illustrates the effectiveness of the virtual brainwashing that has closed  the minds of so many individuals.  This book is a must read unless you are  so deeply ensconced in the fantasy that we, as a species, are alone and  could not possibly have been visited by a technologically superior species  whose emergence greatly precedes our own.
630420065X|1.0|i've never thought much of Tom Cruise's acting and this film does nothing to change my view.this is a waste of Money&amp;film.a bad joke to the TV SHow.i respect Brian DE Palma but this is a stinker.no story line at all.
B000020617|4.0|even though the foo fighters are a great band, i was kinda dissappointed with this cd. it starts out with the awesome 'stacked actors' (which a certain hole lead singer believes is written about her, but i think that  maybe she needs to realize that no one cares), blaring guitars and harsh  drums.  great.  you also have soft tunes like 'aurora', making this a  really diverse album and very easy to listen to.  the only real problem i  had with it was that some of the songs seem like rewrites of the last, and  got boring.  <br />of note:  'stacked actors', 'learn to fly', 'live-in skin',  'mia'.<br />to avoid: 'ain't it the life', 'next year'.<br />the enhanced cd of  this is also really cool.  you have the full-length video of 'learn to  fly', pictures, lyrics, and dave grohl wishing you goodbye.<br />overall, good  for those who like the band and have never heard of them before.  good, but  not as good as 'the color and the shape'
0440178002|5.0|This book was amazing to put it simply.  The depth of the characters and the details in which it was written are perfect.  I was most impressed by the character Toranaga.  He was the most brilliant leader that I've ever  read about.  Like all good books I read, when I finished Shogun I was sorry  that the saga had ended.
B000002U6E|5.0|Exellent melodic sounds &amp; brilliant vocals,that whisk you away to a whole nother realm.A definite must buy!
6305750750|1.0|I would rate this movie 3 stars if it was the first in the series rather than the fourth and a continuation I've been waiting 20 years for. This movie is nothing more than a commercial for Star Wars toys and merchandise.  A waste of talent (Samuel L. Jackson, Natalie Portman, etc.)I was really  excited to share this movie with My five year old daughter who had really  enjoyed the tapes of the first three, I think she got alot more enjoyment  out of Toy Story 2. The special effects were so-so (especially being that  it came out the same year as The Matrix) Save Your money or buy the first  three. If Your a Star Wars fan You will enjoy it, but for the rest of us  its just a lesson of selling out to make money. Shame on You Mr. Lucas!
B00000JCOV|4.0|This album is quite nice.  Throbbing guitars, talented percussionists, and great vocals.  I wish I had bought this album 8 months ago when I recieved a demo from a friend.  Only problem I have with the album is the last few  songs drag, and it's rather short (compared to the 70 minute albums I'm  used to).  It does need to be clarified that this album contains NO RAP  except for an intro to track 13.   And really, anyone that is so stuck up  about what metal &quot;is&quot; needs to loosen up.  You sound far too much  like the rivet heads, and we all know (or should know) what happened to  industrial.
B00003W8NM|2.0|This is one of those movies that has all the hallmarks of being a classic, but fails on every level. Although stunning in a few sequences, the direction is flawed.  Long periods of pointless film making split scenes of  pure genius.  Unfortunately these scenes span ten minutes of film max. And  then there's the story.  As I see it a story is good if it can be real.   This fim could have been but then we discovered that brad pitt is an  imaginary character.  At this point the whole fim collapses due to the  large nuber of holes that have formed in its structure. Lastly, the story  is a pointless one.  There is absoultely no reason why this plot needs to  be told.  I can't think of one.  maybe you can. You must see this movie.   It shows how a great idea can be ruined by bad direction, disgraceful  acting and a moment of pure stupidy in story telling
B000023VR6|5.0|I have listend to Dr. Dre for most of my life, and this has to be one of his greatest albums ever. I think he just wanted to show that he still has what it takes to sell records. With the help of Xzibit, Eminem, Hitman, and  of course, the other all time great, Snoop Doggy Dogg, he proves to the  world that he is the greatest.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I've listened to Garage Inc., Metallica(a.k.a. &quot;Black Album&quot;), Reload, Load, and S&amp;M.<br />I'd have to say S&amp;M is the 2nd best(compared to the Black Album).<br />Not only do they redo there best songs  but they rock harder now.<br />And belive it or not the sympathy DOES add more  of a better sound. I was skeptical at first but it sold me.
068816689X|3.0|Only those who have survived the holocaust truly know the real horrors of this  twentieth century hell on earth. No matter how much the rest of us learn about this living nightmare, we will never fully comprehend what went  on because it will always be second hand.  To make judgments about how  Jewish people chose to survive seems so wrong.  Yet, as I continued to read  &quot;The Nazi Officer's Wife,&quot; I could not keep from uttering some  form of audible shock on certain choices Ms. Hahn made along the way.  For  example, it was impossible for me to comprehend her determination to stay  with Pepi long after it was apparent that he would never emigrate with her  or even commit to her and that his &quot;love&quot; for her was a distant  second to the loyalty he felt for his mother.  I clearly see the necessity  of becoming a German's lover and  then wife in order to survive, but I can  not understand why Edith's pressed to have a child with Werner Vertter in  the worst of times.  From the moment of conception this baby's life was at  risk.  Uncertain of her future with a man who did not even know the real  Edith Hahn, this writer relates how, after the war, her daughter was  baptized.   Already knowing then  that so many Jewish lives had been lost  throughout Europe, did another Jewish identity need to be erased? I wanted  to cry when Edith ended her relationship with the orphan, Gretl.  If Edith  ever tried to keep her &quot;little family&quot; together, she did not  relate that in her book. Finally, of course, after all the history and all  the passing years, Edith could not stop being in touch with the man who was  never there for her.  Though I cannot help but be bothered by certain  choices Edith Hahn made, I must quickly add that I admire a woman who lived  her &quot;lie&quot; so well for so long that she became a survivor.
0452270073|5.0|Having just finished reading &quot;Birdsong&quot; I felt compelled to read more about a period of time that is moving out of living memory. I think &quot;Regeneration&quot; is a superb book that is well written, well  researched and moving. I think books like this are so important because we  should not be allowed to forget what the people of that time went through  and we should not be allowed to trivialise what the First World War did to  human beings and how it broke the seemingly Golden Age that had developed  throughout Victorian and Edwardian England.  I think the novel helps to  honour the memory of the people who gave their lives in the war over  something they did not understand or comprehend. The book is not just about  war as it goes far deeper in helping to explain humanity, gender, class and  truth. &quot;Regeneration&quot; is a disturbing and thought provoking book  which people should read firstly because it is a good book and secondly  becuase it will ensure that you do not forget what the people of the time  and especially the soliders went through. They were caught up in a war of  industrial proportions and were caught up in a war that they did not  understand and we should forever hold them in high regard and in our  memories. Afterall, in one month in 1917 there were 104,000 casualties in  the war. Sacrifice like that deserves and should be remembered.<br />From a  literary point of view, this book is superbly crafted and is an original  work of fiction with a good story. It is energetic and highly readable and  I recommend it to anyone.
B00000DFTG|5.0|I like a good Greatest Hits album. A double-disc one especially. They allow you to sample the breadth of work of an artist you're interested in so that you can then, if so interested, pick up individual albums. I've  been working my way through the classic rock bands, from Led Zeppelin to  Dire Straits, over the last year or two, and a good double-disc Greatest  Hits package comes in very handy. With Reunion Black Sabbath, the original  and all-time best heavy metal band, have theirs. Ignore the so-called 1967  &quot;best of&quot; We Sold Our Soul For Rock &amp; Roll, this (Reunion) is  the way to go. It functions as a Greatest Hits, a Live (at last :o) and a  Hey We're Back Together album, all in one go.<br />Black Sabbath are wonderful  live. The whole band are obviously really enjoying this whole Reunion gig  and the crowd are going absolutely *nuts*. Friends of mine saw the Reunion  tour and proclaimed it &quot;immaculate&quot;, wonderful to hear about a  band which quietly imploded in the late 70s due to drug excess. They run  through all the biggest hits and most popular songs, throwing in some  unexpected (but extremely welcome) gems from their back catalogue (such as  the glorious &quot;Orchid&quot;). <br />Album-wise it's very obvious that the  Reunion tour caters to Black Sabbath's early, defining work. Three songs  from Black Sabbath (their first album), five from Paranoid (their second)  and six from Master Of Reality (their third) leaves no arguments there.  Only one song makes it in from Volume 4, the ever-popular  &quot;Snowblind&quot;. Irritatingly, the only songs included from my  favourite Sabbath album, Sabbath Bloody Sabbath (their fifth), &quot;Spiral  Architect&quot; and the title track, are the only down-notes on this whole  album, since they were from an unrivalled singing peak of Ozzy's and his  renditions of them now just don't sound that good. Nothing at all makes it  in from Sabotage (their sixth) and the welcome surprise of a superb  rendition of &quot;Dirty Women&quot; from the unremarkable Technical  Ecstasy (their seventh) rounds out the list.<br />Picks of the songs would be  the performances of &quot;War Pigs&quot;, &quot;Into The Void&quot;,  &quot;Dirty Women&quot; and &quot;Iron Man&quot;, though the best single  moment of the album would be the awesome double lighting-fast octave slide  Tony Iommi (the most under-rated guitarist in the business, both in terms  of ability and influence) does at the beginning of &quot;Paranoid&quot;.   :o)<br />The two new studio tracks, &quot;Psycho Man&quot; and &quot;Selling  My Soul&quot;, while pretty good, seem merely a bonus on this already  terrific greatest hits/live double-set. &quot;Psycho Man&quot; is fun, but  you can very much hear that Ozzy and Tony have grown musically in different  directions, so while listening to it I found myself identifying the various  parts of the song in terms of who'd obviously written it (&quot;That bit's  Ozzy, that chord is definitely Tony&quot;, etc).<br />So it obviously works as  a greatest hits album and a live album, but how does it stand up as an  introduction to the quintessential heavy metal band? Well I have to say  that Master Of Reality remains the best Black Sabbath intro, and Sabotage  and Sabbath Bloody Sabbath remain their highest peaks, but you just get so  *much* good material with Reunion, and the palpable enthusiasm of the crowd  is quite infectious. I think it comes down to personal preference. If you  like live albums, run towards Reunion with open arms. If you prefer studio  tracks, start with the flawless Master Of Reality. Either way, your getting  a wonderful intro to the world's first, and only, true exponents of heavy  metal.
6304712936|5.0|This film is one of the most brilliant movies I have ever seen. The acting of Tom Hulce as Mozart is truly wonderful, he puts such dimension and passion into his performance that one can't help but hear the music of  Mozart without thinking of him. F. Murray Abraham's performance as Antonio  Salieri is pure genius. His performance gave me chills and made me cry. He  was frighteningly good.
0792839625|2.0|While the movie is certainly inferior to its parent, the broadway version, it is not without some good parts.  For instance, &quot;At the Ballet&quot;, &quot;Nothing&quot;, and, of course, the dancing.  I have  heard others say that the dancing here was mediocre.  I disagree.<br />Now,  there were some problems, among the most obvious the moving of &quot;What I  Did For Love&quot;, a beautiful song telling the reason why they're all  doing this moved to that godawful and unneeded subplot about  Cassie and  Zach.  That leads to another big problem--all those cutaways from good  numbers, like &quot;I Can Do That&quot;, to see Cassie having those tedious  flashbacks that we really don't need.  The filming could use some work  too.<br />Despite these flaws which will be more apparent only to those who  have been privileged to see this on stage,  the movie still manages to pull  off the  musical's original theme.  If it had failed in that, it would  definately not be worth seeing.  As it is, you may as well see it. Top  performance given by Shelia, Morales, Cassie (sometimes), and Larry.
0425170349|4.0|This book is what you can call a epic.  Well it least I think of it that  way.  You seem to know the chacters better and better and they are like you  best buds when you get done with the book.  But I should stick more to the  plot. The plot is very very good and it does not really become apparent of  whats really going to happen to about page 400.  The boom!!!! put on your  seat belt for one hell of rollercoaster ride of suspense, terror and  tears!!! -Daily World
6302517052|2.0|A good buy for sci-fi fans, not much for the others.  High point for me--them bounty hunters!  Especially Johnny Steele(played by Terrence Mann)--funny, evil, and that smile at the end. . .
B000002UUX|5.0|A must have for all thrash dudes.........best display of speed metal u'll ever see.......the riffs just keep on coming.....marty friedman flies off! ......and not to forget mind blowing rhythm's ....best effort of dave  &amp; co.
0783231032|4.0|This over looked master piece was ignored by the American people, and dismissed by critics. Take another look. It's long, but the feel of the film reminds me of  It's a mad, mad ,mad, mad world. Relax, don't be in a  hurry and enjoy this comic masterpiece by Spielberg and a cast of  thousands. Also worth your time is the making of 1941 included on this DVD.
630575067X|5.0|Any one who thought that Episode One wasn't very good needs to do some studying and movie watching!  This peice of Cinematography was in perfect line with Episodes 4-6.  These Episodes, starting with 4, all lead up to  the climactic Episode 6.  That is exactly what Mr. Lucas was trying to do  with Eoisode one.  Granted it had less action than Episode 4, but who  cares.  It was a Star Wars Movie!  The first to be released in my life  time!   I was ecstatic to see it and thought it was great.  Any one who  did not thimk so needs to watch the older movies and read up on Star Wars  history.  Untill they do this they will believe Episode One was not up to  par.  May The Force Be With You!
0782008372|5.0|I recently purchased a USED copy of the 10th Anniversary &quot;Highlander&quot; film.  I must concur with the Widescreen Review of the quality.  It looks great!  I don't know if I bought a remastered  version or if my DVD player is great, but the picture was wonderful.  I  watched the movie with headphones and the sound was great too.  I can't  understand why this DVD transfer is getting such negative reviews.  I have  a cheap Panasonic A120 player and everything came out looking spectacular.   Perhaps the copy I bought is the exception and not the norm.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|What the last guy said.  But the &quot;hard vocals&quot; belong to Joe Strummer.  Mick Jones sings on a few of the &quot;softer&quot; songs, like &quot;Lost in the Supermarket&quot;...
6303168507|5.0|I enjoyed this movie very much, but I felt shell-shocked afterwards. It was such an emotional experience viewing it that it took me a while to recover from it, because I myself am of Jewish ancestry. Bravo, Mr.  Spielberg--L'Chaim! I hope that the generations that follow us will not  forget the Holocaust, because it is so very important to prevent similar  events from happening in the future. A brilliant accomplishment!
B000031WD9|2.0|This movie was ok but it was nasy and crazy.I recommend that you dont let your children watch this.But dont see it yourselfh.
6305508550|4.0|Anybody who has ever worked at a dead end job in a cube farm will love this movie.  A perfect, deadpan mockery of the unfulfilling lives of late-nineties white collar yuppies.  If only they'd left out the whole Ron  Livingston-Jennifer Aniston love interest subplot, I would have given it a  five.
B00000K2SC|4.0|I like sci-fi, big-budget, far-fetched, over-the-top films. Thankfully, &quot;The Matrix&quot; came out last April. I went to go see it for my 13th birthday on the 20th. You guessed it, I saw one of the reasons for the  Columbine shootings ON the day of the Columbine shootings. Weird,  huh?<br />Visuals: Amazing special effects, art direction, cinematography,  everything! If this doesn't get a visual effects nomination at the Oscars,  then there is no justice.<br />Overall Visuals Grade: A+<br />Acting:<br />They'll  probably get nominated at the MTV Movie Awards, but they were all still  very believable and good.<br />Overall Acting Grade: A-<br />Screenplay/Story:  Though far-fetched, it is still a great story with no plot holes or weird  sayings. Just smooth as a baby's a** writing.<br />Overall Screenplay/Story  Grade: A-<br />Sound/Editing: Computer sounds and machine gun fire are just a  few sound effects. Too bad I don't have a DVD player or I could watch this  at full blast. Editing was flawless.<br />Overall Sound/Editing Grade:  A<br />Comments: This is one reason to leave your kids home when you go to the  movies. If they have a good sense of real and make-believe (also, if you  permit your kids to see brutal violence) then they'll have no problem with  this.<br />MPAA Rating: R for sci-fi violence and brief language. The violence  is fairly strong and too intense for younger children. There are no  &quot;F&quot; words in this. Though, there are ample &quot;S&quot; words.
0688170528|5.0|This story begs the question &quot;How far would you go for someone you  love?&quot;  It's a heartwrenching story of two families whose lives are  intertwined to the point where their children seem more like siblings than  neighborhood playmates.  A very powerful book about relationships and how  strong or fragile they can be under duress.
0440234743|1.0|Boring, Boring, Boring!  It was all I could do to finish this book.  The first couple of chapters are really good, but it goes downhill from there.  It's all too predictable
B0000021RB|5.0|Considering the drek which passes as music these days, &quot;CTA,&quot; if it were released today, would sound just as innovative and fresh as it did 31 years ago. If the &quot;Chicago Transit Authority&quot; were introduced  today as a new recording artist with this disc as its first release, and if  it were listened to by the hoards of people who probably don't even know  that there was a group called &quot;CTA&quot; before they became Chicago,  it would rock the music scene perhaps even more so than it did in the late  60's. Nothing in today's popular music even comes close to the genius of  this work.<br />Aside from the three big-name tracks, &quot;Beginnings,&quot;  &quot;Does anybody reall know...&quot; and &quot;Questions,&quot; this disc  contains the best recording ever of &quot;I'm a Man,&quot; which is much  better than the Spencer Davis Groups' version.
1567184855|5.0|I can't remember when I've enjoyed a book as much as I did this one.  Now my appetite is activated and I want more!  The experiences of Mr. Newton and his clients touched me profoundly and rang true to my soul.  So, I was  delighted to have this book reach me, and I am waiting for Mr. Newton's  next book.
630575067X|4.0|First of all there was no way this film could have lived up to its pre-release hype.The original trilogy has attained legendary status,much like The Godfather I and II.Just as Godfather III suffered in comparison to  its predecessors because of raised expectations,so does Phantom  Menace.People just expect a perfect film after waiting so long for the  release of a film that carries the Star Wars name.In my opinion,this film  is better than Return of the Jedi and does not pale in comparison to  Episode IV.It is not as good as Empire Strikes Back,but hey few films  are.The thing I really liked about Phantom Menace was the fight  sequences.George Lucas said that he wanted to show the audience what a Jedi  in his prime would be like in battle.I thought he did a remarkable job of  this.The choreography of the fight scenes were much better in this film  than the other Star Wars films.I believe that the decision to cast a  martial artist as Darth Maul contributed to this.Since Darth Maul was not  written as a mastermind type of villain,he was more of a henchman,I thought  it was a good idea to have someone who is adept at the martial arts play  him rather than an accomplished actor.After all the only reason Darth Maul  was in the film was as an imposing physical threat.I think those who  complain that this character is not developed enough are missing the  point.I personally was able to tolerate Jar Jar ,and did not believe as so  many others did,that he detracted from the film enough to ruin it.Even  those who did not like the plot of the film or the acting must admit that  the special effects were dazzling.The pod race,the battle droids,and the  underwater scenes are just some of the examples of the great  effects.Overall I would recommend this film to anyone who likes the sci-fi  genre.So much for my review of the film.Now I want to talk about the  decision not to release this film on DVD.One of the main reasons I bought a  DVD player was for effects heavy films like Phantom Menace,The Matrix,and  The Mummy.I believe you get more out of films like these on DVD than you do  on VHS.I waited for Phantom Menace to be released on DVD with a lot of  anticipation,eagerly awaiting to see and hear the advantages a film like  this can have on DVD as opposed to VHS.I would have been glad to shell out  the extra money for the DVD.I am not a DVD snob,I still rent and buy  VHS,however I'll tell you this I have no plans to let myself be exploited  by this scheme hatched to make people buy this film twice.I will not buy  the VHS version,and as much as I liked this film,I may not buy the DVD  whenever it comes out.This film was released in theaters nearly a year  ago.Is Lucas trying to tell us that they did not have enough time to  release a quality DVD?There did not seem to be a problem releasing The  Matrix DVD,and it was released the same year as the film.I sincerely hope I  don't have to wait twenty years to own Episodes I,II,and III on DVD.The  loyal fans of the Star Wars films have kept the interest in these films  alive for over twenty years,enabling a series of prequels to be made in the  first place.We deserve better treatment.
1567184855|5.0|I can't remember when I've enjoyed a book as much as I did this one.  Now my appetite is activated and I want more!  The experiences of Mr. Newton and his clients touched me profoundly and rang true to my soul.  So, I was  delighted to have this book reach me, and I am waiting for Mr. Newton's  next book.
B000007443|5.0|After a long hard search for this record, I am way stoked that it is here!   After spending a couple of years in Japan, this was their first release in the US.  It has long since been out of print and I am so pumped  it is here.  A classic album!   Some of the best jazz I've heard.   Michael Brecker has continued on as a solo artist and won a grammy for his  debut self titled album in 1987. He is one of the most innovative players  on the scene.  If you get a chance to see him in your town, go!   Take a  risk on this one. You won't be disappointed!
B00000J7JO|5.0|Okay, I must admit that I am a new Red Hot Chili Peppers fan. Themoment I heard Otherside on the radio I just had to have thisalbum. The only song of their so called revolutonnary album Red Blood Sex Magic (or something) I heard was Give it away, and I really liked it, and I cant't disagree with the old fans when they compare the two albums but what I can say is that I really loved this album. All the songs are great, especially Californication, Easily, Otherside and Road Trippin', although This Velvet Glove is somewhat weak music-wise. So there you are; that's my opinion.  END
0345350499|5.0|This book was by far my favorite ever.  I assumed that it would be  difficult for me to finish all 876 pages of it before I died, but I some  how managed!  The characters in the book are incrediably well rounded and  the author allows the reader to see events from many angles.  I especially  liked how the whole plot was based on fact.  I'm not entirely sure just how  much of it was true, but enough was to allow me to gain somewhat of a grasp  for the Arthurian ledgens.  I usually don't enjoy fantasy/scifi books, but  this one kept my attention very easily.  It had a little of ever  classification of book.  A little romance, a lot of adventure, mystery, and  fantasy.  It's a great read which I highly recorrmend! It will change your  entire outlook!
B000002J09|5.0|This album is a classic! It is beautifully passionate and energetic. All Led Zeppelin albums are, but this one has a focus on discipline, the lack of which held Led Zeppelin sounding like one of the best bands in history  on past albums. Every outburst and complete melody change from Page or  Plant could come at any second but still seems carefully placed after  several years of listens. It is perfectionist rock to a Beatles or Pink  Floyd level despite it being masculine hard rock as heard heavily on Black  Dog. Zep gain focus without turning into wimps. Some people bash Led  Zeppelin because their music ignored any social concerns and wrote about  personal situations and their preoccupation with the occult and mythology.  While I do love Bob Dylan and Roger Waters and take an avid interest in  what they say, Led Zeppelin opened my imagination. It's not music used to  focus on our life and times, it's music used to take you away from your  worries. It's epic, escapism rock. A song like Battle of Evermore shouldn't  be subjected to pollitical critism. It should be experienced. Songs like  Battle of Evermore and Stairway To Heaven have unlimited interpretations.  Plus: With When the Levee Breaks Led Zeppelin finally find an excellent way  to close an album. I love this CD. When Plant sings &quot;And as we wind on  down the road our shadows taller than our souls....&quot; if he doesn't  make the hairs on the back of your neck stand up, check your pulse.
B000002WYT|5.0|This album is my personal favorite of all their commercial releases. I listen to it at least three times a week (it is the perfect accompanyment for when I am on the rowing machine at the gym). After almost a year it has  yet to grow stale, and I am always finding new things to like about it. Go  for it!
0800185218|5.0|Excellent Movie.  I watched it 25 years ago, 10 years ago and again last month and it's still great.  More than just an entertaining film, it is inspirational and thought-provoking.  You can't help but cheer at the  hero's dedication to principle but in the end this turns and becomes the  source of his problems.    On the down side, the movie seems long and tends  to drags in some places, but all in all it's a great classic film.
1574531298|5.0|The content of this audio tape was uplifting and inspirational. Never have  I been so inspired and uplifted with it's message of hope and purpose to  our lives. For me it answered many questions and allowed me to view our  journey on this Earth in relative terms. The presentation on the tape was  outstanding with the several presenters adding a level of realism that I  seldom have heard in an audio tape. My final thought is that I hope the  author plans to broaden our understanding with another book of this  magnitude.
6305342776|5.0|This movie is truly one of the forgotten classics of the 1970's.  Nobody seemed to remember this movie except those of us who truly loved it when we were children.  What kid could forget the menacing presence of the robot  Maximillion or the creepiness of the mysterious humanoids, not to mention  the black hole itself.  The only problem that I have with this movie (now  that I'm an  adult) is that it never seems to decide whether or not to be  sophisticated adult sci-fi or shoot'em up kiddie-fare.  It tends to flip  flop back and forth with slightly irritating results (did I forget to  mention the animated looking eyes sported by V.I.N.CENT and old B.O.B.?)   It may not feature the greatest script or the best dialog, but who cares!   The special-effects are what really steal the show.  The ghostly Cygnus  lingering on the event horizon of a black hole and the Palomino's  subsequent exploration are superbly rendered.  Also worth noting is the  journey into the black hole and the visually impressive renditions of  Heaven and Hell (which features some of composer John Barry's most  memorable and eery music). This long awaited remastered DVD edition is  really breath-taking.  The picture is so clear and crisp that you can see  the wires that the robots are suspended on.  I only wish that Disney would  learn to release DVDs with more bonus features (audio commentary,  interviews, TV spots, etc.).  If you are interested in bonus material, I  would suggest the Limited Collector's Edition which features the  wide-screen video, 9 movie lobby cards, a 44 page booklet, and a really  cool looking tin featuring a scene of the Cygnus on the lid.  The booklet  is packed with all sorts of interesting things such as interviews with  director Gary Nelson and matte artist Harrison Ellenshaw, tons of pictures  and artwork, the script for the abondoned alternate ending, a reprint of  the original Pressbook, and more.  The DVD edition only gets four stars due  to its failure to include these truly informative extras!
0792842723|5.0|Goldeneye is one of the best bond films but not the best.  Peirce Brosnan is the second best bond ever.  He has saved the Bond series after Timothy Dalton who was the absolute worst Bond- I couldn't even sit through his  movies.  The movie has great action and a great villian.  Bean is great  though he was better in Patriot Games.
0800141326|1.0|I have always been what you might call an average fan of the Godzilla movies.  Most of them I could sit through and enjoy, two or three of them I could not.  I was really looking forward to this new american version  because I really enjoy big budget summer blockbusters (for the most part).   I never would have dreamed that Hollywood could have failed to this extent!   I knew we were in trouble when I first heard that Dean Devlin and Roland  Emmerich were hired to make this film.  It has become apparent to me that  each time this duo makes a film, they put less and less effort into it!   Stargate was really great.  When everybody said it would flop, they  suprised thier critics  with a hit.  So, while enjoying their success, they  went down to Mexico to write the script for ID4.  I believe the too few  weeks that were spent on this script has to be the quickest writing feat  since Ed Wood Jr.'s no brain efforts!   Hollywood was all to quick to  accept this lame duck.  Luckily for them, they had a huge hit (credit goes  to the marketing campaign more than anyone else).  I don't know who was  responsible for going after this duo for Godzilla, but I suspect that they  are kicking themselves to this day.  That descision has single-handedly  ruined the opportunity for a very successful franchise.  The script must  have been written over night.  I suspect that the casting didn't take that  much longer!  The acting is horrible and the special effects were  un-inspired.   They took everything which made Godzilla so cool and  scrapped it in favor of a stupidly designed, giant iguana with no special  powers other than size (which ironically turned out not to matter).  This  version of Godzilla has sent me running back to the originals.  I then  discovered the new 1990's Godzilla movies.  These are everything that the  Tri-Star movie should have been.  Don't count on a sequel to this utter  garbage because the rights have went back to Toho Studios in Japan!   Godzilla 2000 will blow this bad memory away!  By the way, has anyone  noticed that there is no way that Godzilla (due to his size) could have   been carrying around that many giant eggs?  All of them simply would'nt  fit!  Hmmm...............
0060987464|5.0|I highly recommend that you dont read this if you dont have a strong stomach. Once you get past the lengthy (extensive) details of Mansons sex life, there is a solid, likeable and involving story that only Manson could  write. Dry, sardonic humour stains every page, and although it is in  intentional bad taste, you cant help but like several of the characters  involved. If your a satanist, theres a chapter or two on Anton Lavey and  how Manson became a reverend (? ). The highlight of this book for me,  however, is how it is physically put together. Anatomy sketches and cross  sections mark each page, the chapters are divided into cycles like mansons  Antichrist superstar, and small pictures of the people involved are  included on the sides. Simply looking at the pictures proves fascinating.  If you like anything anti-mainstream, then this book is worth it, if only  for the classic one liners.
B000002MTU|3.0|I like this album. Eric's voice isn't bad, and his guitar is so perfectly timed on tracks like &quot;Goin' Away Baby&quot;, and &quot;Tore Down.&quot; I also though that it was refreshing to hear him play that big  Gibson; the tone is so classic.  I also love &quot;Blues Leave Me  Alone.&quot; I play the  guitar, and I've always thought that Eric's  phrasing was all heart. When you reach his level of  brilliance, there are  always going to be critics saying, &quot;he still can't touch his  heros,&quot;and &quot;he's not any good,&quot; but Eric definitely has  soul, and his peers, Muddy Waters, Buddy Guy, Freddie King, B.B. King, and  others know good blues when they hear it and admire Eric a great deal.  Maybe the critics just don't know how to &quot;listen with their heart and  not with a scorecard.&quot; There is excellent guitar playing on this  album.
B000001FY5|5.0|NOTHING COMPARES TO BOB!       EVERY GENERATION CAN BENEFIT FROM HIM! IM 26!I SURE DID.    NUFF SAID.SO JAH SAY.
B000002MTU|3.0|I was really excited to hear this album when it came out because the first track &quot;Blues Before Sunrise&quot; is a song that I had been playing in a local blues club on open-mike nights, long before it showed up on this  cd. In fact, it's the only cover song I ever attempted on stage with my  guitar. I heard John Lee Hooker do it first. Anyway, I thought that maybe  Eric knew I played it, and was trying to encourage my efforts on the guitar  by including that track on his &quot;all blues&quot; album. Eric didn't get  in touch with me later, so maybe my imagination was grasping a little too  much at fantasy.   Maybe not... Anyway I've heard all of Eric's albums, and  this is not the one I would hold up as &quot;bluesiest&quot; or the most  &quot;hardcore.&quot; It doesn't feel as natural to me as his  J.Mayall/Bluesbreakers w/Eric Clapton album, but like on every album he  does &quot;From the Cradle&quot; has some &quot;soulful,&quot;  &quot;uplifting&quot; moments,and I'm proud to have had a brush with  greatness because of this album.
B0000019PA|4.0|I have no idea what this CD is about. Most of the songs are full of nonsense lyrics. It reminded me of GBV. I still like it. The songs are a litte rusty sounding, but most of them are catchy. I listen to it often in  the car.
0800141709|5.0|This movie, along with &quot;On the Beach&quot;, should be required watching once a year for the President, all members of Congress,the Cabinet and the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
B000002KXV|5.0|I own over 1,000 c.d.'s (as I'm sure many of you other sick-o's do).  My collection is about 60% classical, 39% jazz, and 1% all other.  I don't listen to much rock/pop/dance-types of music.  My uncle bought me this  album when it first came out (half a lifetime ago, literally) and I STILL  listen to it regularly.  I have NEVER gotten sick of this album.  To me, it  is a masterpiece because it is timeless.  I can honestly say that I'll  still be listening to this album in 40 years.  There's no question about  it.
B000002KHB|5.0|If you don't own any Deep Purple recordings and plan to buy one, THIS is the one. Classic rock'n'roll, the precursor to heavy metal, these songs truly define what being a rocker is all about. Some of the best writing the  band ever did, and great performances to boot- what more could you ask for?
083351895X|4.0|This is one of the first books I read by Koontz. He's a genius!<br />Watchers has all the elements of a good story. It's fast moving, very suspenseful, truly romantic, and filled with adventure. One almost literally cannot put  it down. <br />Many say this story is not plausible. People once believed the  world was flat, too. How can we be sure?
630476524X|3.0|Sequel?  Doesn't feel right... If it was going to be a sequel, it should have been directed by the same person. A different director gave the movie a different mood and direction altogether. Don't watch the movie thinking  that it's a sequel... I mean... just watch it like it's a movie itself and  it will be so much better. Afterall, the title is The Crow: City of Angels,  and not The Crow II: whatever.
0380778556|5.0|Rebecca was a book I read for my english class.  This is a very good book and I liked at the end the have no Manderly left.  So they will start all over again.  I thought this was not going to be a good book but I was  wrong.  I enjoyed reading it.  I expect everyone else will love it to if  not love than like it very much.  If you would like to discuss this book  and here more of my views on the email me at Leesa_J_K@yahoo.com.
B000002J20|4.0|I would give this album a 5 if there were only one disc. With all the other negative reviews I would agree with most statments only applied to the second disc. Its just way too boring. But. The first disc is absolutly  amazing. The first time I listened to &quot;The Revealing Science of  God&quot; I was in Yes heaven, complete bliss. It's incredibly beautiful.  Personally I loved the use of synthisizers in previous Yes albums, they  usually marked my favorite part of a song. And then once you're blown away  by the first song, then comes &quot;The Remembering&quot;. Wow. Why did  they make a second disc? To me, when I think of Topographic Oceans I only  think of the first disc. If you loved the way &quot;Close to the Edge&quot;  took you to another world, you'll wish you could live in the first disc of  Topographic. I love the first half of this album. Definatley one of the  best Yes records out there.
B00000J7J4|4.0|It seems that Santana is finally getting some respect from the music world that he deserves. However, this is a GOOD album not his best work. A couple of rap intros, and some Clapton in the background but the meat of the music  still contains the latin rythams and sweet guitar riffs he is famous for.  Try &quot;Moonflower&quot; which in my opinion is his best effort to date.  An album almost 20 years old.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album is incredibly deeper than than her debut release. With songs like &quot;A Mistake&quot; and &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; showcasing her incredible song-writing techniques and others such as &quot;Limp&quot;,  &quot;Get Gone&quot; and &quot;I Know&quot; diplaying her musically  beautiful voice are what make this album a must buy. If you're a fan of  Fiona Apple or great music you need this album
B00000J2KX|1.0|This edition is a cynical attempt by the studio to cash in on the media attention surrounding the director's final work. This is manifest in the poor quality of the DVD transfer that shares none of the attention to  detail for which the director was renowned. Much of the visual artistry  originally created by the director has been lost with the outrageous 4-by-3  TV framing. In a slapdash attempt to redo the opening titles, the film  loses several minutes of the dramatic opening helicopter sequence,  transforming a perfectly orchestrated build-up into a happy-go-lucky  made-for-TV movie.
B000002J1I|1.0|Man, I love Yes, a lot. But this album really fails to capture the magic of the earlier 70's releases. The only track that stands out to me is &quot;Circus of Heaven&quot;, its moody and very reminiscent of the  &quot;Fragle&quot; era. If you're a huge Yes fan, like me, you can live  without this album. Buy &quot;The Ladder&quot; instead if you want new  unheard and good Yes. This CD became one of my various dust gatherers. Oh  well, Yes can't be amazing all the time.
0783235968|5.0|I think it's great to see so many people writing about how great this film is.  Other than Amy Madigan (who plays Ray's wife), the acting is great.  One thing I feel compelled to point out though - many people make the  mistake of saying this film is not about baseball.  True, one need not be a  baseball fan to enjoy this film.  However, this film is most definitely  about baseball because baseball itself is about so much more than just  sports.<br />Field of Dreams, simply put, is baseball.  It's hard to believe  that such a film, a definition about baseball as it were,  did not exist  until 1989.  The poetry and passion of this sport is not easily put into  words, or into music, but this film did it. It encapsulates everything  baseball has been, is, and will be.  It is a testimony to the romance of  the game, the impossibility and possibility of the odyssey, the ode to the  journey home.<br />Field of Dreams is, in many ways, a brilliant film.  Even  thick skinned beer sipping &quot;I won't shed a tear while I'm flexing my  muscles&quot; baseball fans love this movie.  Like Wizard of Oz, this film  is essentially a journey of self-discovery.  Ray ultimately realizes that  &quot;the voice&quot; was his own, yet while on his journey he brings  (back) to life so many others' lost dreams.  And the dreams are  rediscovered and unattainable hopes are reconciled at the greatest of all  the world's wonders, the baseball diamond.
B000003TAR|5.0|Even though Nevermind was more critically acclaimed, In Utero is the greatest grunge album of all-time.  It narrates through the extreme disgust of fame, and its restraints (Serve the Servants).  Nevermind was really a  pop album, with a lot of melody in it, however, this is truly a great  follow-up, for it truly highlights angst, whether it be with sheer, raw  power, (tourettes) or bitter/sweet chagrin (Dumb, All Apologies).  This  album must be listened to a number of times before it can be fully  appreciated, but take notice that the distortion and noise is all  intentional, just another representation of Cobain's genius.  And lastly,  in the two seconds before Pennyroyal Tea, Cobain's struggle to conquer the  demons of wealth and fame, their are two coughs of despair, and hurting.   This album is truly a must for any lover of pure grunge rock.
B000001E18|1.0|First off, I think &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; is one of the greatest (possibly THE greatest) rock/pop album ever made.  And I'd always enjoyed U2's earlier songs, such as the hits off &quot;Joshua Tree&quot;, and  individual songs such as &quot;New Year's Day&quot;.  To me, U2 can be a  little inconsistent on their albums, but when they hit the mark on a song  they are awesome. Before &quot;Zooropa&quot;, I'd say only the albums  &quot;October&quot; and &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; were consistently great on  every song, but each album always had at least a few strong tracks.<br />So I  was quite ready to enjoy this album after liking &quot;Actung Baby&quot; so  much.  And since Actung Baby took a few listens to fully appreciate, I  figured &quot;Zooropa&quot; had to be given several chances also.  However,  repeated listening did not make this grow on me.  While all of U2's earlier  albums had interesting melodies and thoughtful lyrics, this one is  basically just noise.  Maybe some people like these noises, or maybe they  think there is more to this album than is really there (similar to  &quot;The Emperor's New Clothes&quot;).  Bottom line for me, there's just  nothing here but weird noise and banal, not-really-sung lyrics.  Not much  real singing, not much of Edge's guitar.  Drum machines and industrial  rhythms just don't do it for me, even if they were programmed by U2.  This  is not musicianship, IMO.  Be aware when purchasing this album that it's  not a U2 album like &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; and earlier.
0140185232|5.0|A dreamy-eyed cat finds something in nothing.  He finds what many of us are in search of.  Along the way he shows his fortitude and clarity of mind.  Somewhere along the way we see that we are the dreamy-eyed cats and  he is the manifestation of what we strive for.
B00000BKDX|5.0|If you were to buy one album by Iron Maiden, this is it. It captures the better songs from the first five albums, which I consider to be their best material and the live versions sound more energenic.  The ehanced CD  version makes this album all the better by bringing back the unedited  version of Running Free and the bonus tracks that were originally on the  older LP and cassette. Even if your not a big heavy metal fan like myself,  you will like the music and originality of Iron Maiden.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Creed is one of the few bands that is actually making great rock and roll these days.  In times that are dominated by \\"boy bands\\" and \\"skinny teenage girls\\" it is very refreshing to hear this kind of  music.  Human Clay is a great follow up album to My Own Prison.  Human Clay  is full of though provoking lyrics that have become Creed's trademark.  The  outstanding guitar playing and powerful drumming are just an added bonus.   Rock will live on as long as bands like Creed are making outstanding music.   Creed will be remembered as one of the top performers of 2000.    Nine years later, I have found Creed to be tired, predictable and boring. What was I thinking in 2000?
0425098478|1.0|What a pathetic and banal depiction  of humanity. It's nice to know that anybody with a pea-brain perspective on management can churn out a bestseller; albeit sad to know that the brainless masses buy into it.<br />Do  yourself a favor and read Napoleon Hill and Carnegie for direction. This  book is horrible.
B00000J7J4|1.0|DO NOT BUY THIS CD IT IS AWFUL! !  ! STEP  BACK, AND DON'T THINK ABOUT THIS CD AGAIN, IT STINKS!
630575067X|5.0|Everyone out there, lets put this movie into perspective: 1) Everyone is dogging it because it doesn't have Han Solo or Vader, or the movie wasn't &quot;human enough&quot;. This movie is the beginning of the entire story,  thus certain seeds have to be lain inorder for us to get to the fourth  episode and meet Solo and Vader. Lucas has to introduce us to the old  republic and the way things were before the empire. If we understand the  peace of the old republic then we can put into perspective how bad things  are going to be when the empire takes over. 2) I think casual fans went to  go see this movie and got confused real quick. They didn't understand the  significance of Anakin and Obi-wan meeting, and what this will hold for the  galaxy. Does any of the casual fans out there realize that Senator  Palpatine is the Emperor and Darth Sidious? Do you understand that he is  going to turn the sweet little Anakin into a killing machine that will  eventually wipe out all the jedi (except obi-wan and yoda of course). Do  you realize that by Palpatine becoming grand chancellor, he now runs the  republic and can start to implement all of his dark plans. If you  understand these things, then you will realize the beauty of this movie and  the excitement it breeds for the next two movies. The clone wars are  coming, and when this happens (in episode II) everything will change.......
630575067X|4.0|While this movie is filled with awesome visual effects that will leave most happy, it seemed to lose something that made the original movies so memorable. Still, true Star Wars fans will be pleased.
B000021XS0|4.0|After the main stream effort of `Falling into Infinity', DT decide to head back to their progressive metal routes and create their first concept album, one of which can only be explained as a masterpiece. <br />Based on the  brilliant `Metropolis Pt1' from the album `Images &amp; Words', DT tell the  story of a young girl in love with two brothers, who is brutally murdered  in the 1920's, through the eyes of a man under hypnosis. The album plays  virtually as one song lasting over 77 minutes in length, this means that at  times it can get a bit long-winded &amp; tedious with its instrumental  sections. Various influences can be heard in this album from the likes of  Rush, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd &amp; Metallica (to name but a few). Mike  Portnoy is on top form with his lighting fast drums &amp; symbols, John  Petrucci rocks out as he always does and new band member Jordan Rudess,  uplifts the album with his beautiful piano sections and riveting keyboard  playing. <br />Highlights are `Home', the emotional ballad `Through her eyes'  and the instrumental `The dance of eternity'. <br />`Scenes from a Memory' may  not instantly appeal, but given time to soak into your blood, there it  shall remain and you will find yourself going back time and time again. For  a dosage of one of the greatest prog. rock, if not best prog. metal concept  albums of all time.
B000002WPI|5.0|Can a rap album get any better?  Definitely not.  This is the best of the best, as good as it gets.  It's got everything:  RZA production, excellent verses by all Wu members, incredible beats, not too long, not too short,  the best of Wu talent, etc.  This is definitely the best rap album ever.   Bring Da Ruckus and numbers 6-11 are the best.  All other songs depict Wu  talent as well.  There is not enough room to list all the good  characteristics.  If you don't have this yet and whether you are the  greatest hip-hop/rap fan, like some rap, or anywhere in the middle, this is  a MUST BUY.  Pros:  The whole album    Cons:  NONE!  If you don't have this  album, get it before any other album.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Inadequately, I think of it as the '90s equivalent of The Beatles' &quot;A Day in the Life.&quot;  It captures the emotional underbelly of Western culture's embrace of technological progress as the end in itself.  Some  days, don't you feel like a Subterranean Homesick Alien?<br />As a side note,  if you enjoyed this album, you must watch their film &quot;Meeting People  is Easy.&quot;  It provides a very fun visual accompaniment to the band's  music and outlook.
6303168507|5.0|I just finished reading all the written reviews of this movie, and I am baffled why some stubborn people give it bad ratings. Either these people don't respect what the movie is based on and the true horrors of the  hollocaust or they must or they just plain don't like it. They could have  at least respected this touching film and why it was made. I also noticed  that most people that gave this movie bad ratings reccomeded ignorant  movies that have no thing in common with Schindler's List. Beware of those  non-helpful reviews out there and watch the movie for yourself.
0790729628|1.0|A hack DVD conversion of a classic movie.  &iexcl;Plan 9 From Outer Space&iexcl; had a better conversion than this. There&iexcl;s nothing good to say about &iexcl;B.R. The Director&iexcl;s Cut.&iexcl;  There aren&iexcl;t any extras on a DVD that should be  filled with them, considering the richness of the movie and its cult  following.  Even the scene selections are inept.  Perhaps my DVD is  different, but the scene selections go in the order of 3, 7, 12, etc.  Not  only was this DVD put together by hacks, the hacks can&iexcl;t count.  There&iexcl;s  not even a still image from the movie on the DVD&iexcl;s main menu.  Just a  generic Warner Bros logo.  The picture and sound aren&iexcl;t up to DVD  standards either.  The picture isn&iexcl;t sharp and the sound Cwith the  exception of the music and some special effects sounds- is often flat and  has a &iexcl;1970&iexcl;s&iexcl; toneless quality to it.  It&iexcl;s almost as if it was  transferred to DVD from videotape instead of the original negative.<br />The  &iexcl;Director&iexcl;s Cut&iexcl; is a confusing mess too.  As far as I can tell, the  only differences are the omission of Harrison&iexcl;s voice over, the &iexcl;flying  to safety&iexcl; footage during the end credits and a baffling inter-cut scene  of a unicorn running through a forest from the movie &iexcl;Legend&iexcl; while  Harrison is idly playing a piano.  Will someone tell me what a unicorn from  a bad Tom Cruise movie has to do with airing out replicants in L.A. 2019?  I miss the voiceover too.  As I understand, it was originally put in  because while testing the film, the audience couldn&iexcl;t follow the plot.  With it missing, the scenes where it used to be are awkward because the  characters are waiting for the nonexistent voiceover to end.  And speaking  of voiceovers, a Director&iexcl;s Commentary would&iexcl;ve been fascinating; but  apparently WB shoved this DVD out before one could be made or Ridley Scott  had better things to do.<br />On the plus side, Vangelis&iexcl; rich score shines  and is perfect for this leisurely paced movie.  I have it on CD and  strongly recommend it. The special effects are still strong and awe  inspiring after all these years.  They show their age only in the fact that  there isn&iexcl;t any computer animation.<br />This DVD stinks.  &iexcl;Blade Runner&iexcl;  has survived the years due to the devoted fans that have stood by it since  it was originally buried at the box office by &iexcl;E.T.&iexcl;  This DVD is a slap  in the face.  WB and Ridley Scott should be ashamed of themselves.  I hope  both will wise up and come out with a &iexcl;Special Edition Blade Runner.&iexcl;  This version isn&iexcl;t even worth renting, much less owning.ely paced movie.  I have it on CD and  strongly recommend it. The special effects are still strong and awe  inspiring after all these years.  They show their age only in the fact that  there isnt any computer animation.<br />This DVD stinks.  Blade Runner  has survived the years due to the devoted fans that have stood by it since  it was originally buried at the box office by E.T.  This DVD is a slap  in the face.  WB and Ridley Scott should be ashamed of themselves.  I hope  both will wise up and come out with a Special Edition Blade Runner.   This version isnt even worth renting, much less owning.
B000002HPT|3.0|Dream Theater are renowened for there unbeleivable musical ability. With there explosive and sometimes heavy playing, intertwining into a frenzy of complex songs. This album takes a somewhat different route. Instead they  have gone for the mainstream approach, mixing typical AOR with Progressive  Metal elements. Some of which works extremely well. Highlights on the album  have to be the gorgeous 'Hollow Years', the headbanging 'Peruvian Skies',  the Funky 'Lines in the Sand' and the electric 'New Millenium'.  Unfortunatley the album didn't break them into the mainstream limelight as  obviosly intended. Although this is probably just as well as they should  stick to what there best at - Progressive Metal. Although its most  definatly an Album I keep going back to, other DT fans may not agree. Mixed  feelings on this Album but still a solid and respectable effort.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie was one of the most extraordinary, breathtaking, super-cool movies that I have ever seen. The special effects are huge, and they will completely blow you away. The story line is completely original, and I  guarentee you've never seen anything like it. A definite must-see.
6300183971|5.0|I can't help it. I had to write this review. Dune is epic. EPIC. Its not just epic, its EPIC. The music, setting, and plot(s) are so mysteriously significant that you feel that you've sinned if you don't call this movie  epic. However, I must say that the sand should've been more white and not  as orange, like in the TV version. It makes it all the more epic. Thank you  for your time.
6305165912|5.0|Technically, this movie has the most curse words of any film ever put on celluloid...averaging over 2 per minute... but that's besides the point! Its freaking hilarious.  The &quot;ashes&quot; scene is priceless. Highly  recommended.
0446364495|4.0|A dear friend gave me this glorious book some years ago as a birthday  gift.  I was at first taken aback by her choice, but once I started reading  it, I completely understood her motive in gracing me with this treasure.   You see, I was experiencing a situation at the time that was causing me a  certain amount of melancholy, and she gave me &quot;Bridges&quot; to  brighten up my life a little.<br />Within minutes of reading this lovely tome,  my troubles were forgotten as joyous, helpless laughter bubbled forth from  my lips.  How could I keep myself from enjoying such lines as: &quot;And  out of the pickup came Robert Kincaid, looking like some vision from  a  never-written book called &quot;'An Illustrated History of Shamans.'&quot;   And what about:  &quot;After the pork chops and steaks and roasts she  cooked for the family, this was quiet cooking.  No violence involved  anywhere down the food chain, except for maybe pulling up the  vegetables.&quot;  And then there's &quot;Dimension Z.&quot;   Priceless.<br />You know, it's much more difficult to write truly amusing  humor than to write truly dramatic pathos, but Mr. Waller managed to pull  off the most difficult task of all; humorous pathos.  I LOVE  &quot;Bridges&quot; for that reason.  When I need to liven up my dreary day  with a good laugh, I know that Mr. Waller's novel won't let me down.  <br />Well, old knapsacks, this  sailing peregrine at the end of her  evolutionary branch has to saddle up and take off in Harry like some animal  in an old  zoology text before some hairy semi from dimension z splashes  water all over my covered bridge that is so naked under its wood.  It's  just so dam' lyrical!
0440234743|1.0|Not even close to his other books.  What a disappointment.  It looks like John has fallen into the trap of pumping out books in record time (probably due in part to his contract with the publisher) and resting on past laurels  to sell them. Thank heaven I borrowed this one.  It's a shame to forsake  one's principles and talent for the almighty buck. Please John, give us  some of the mystery, intrigue, and intellectualism of your earlier work.
0767019954|5.0|Gawd,Do you mean to tell me that VANITY FAIR has been split into 6 videos? In Australia,the series has been put onto 2 videos with 3 episodes on each tape. Natasha Little is superb in this lavish production and Eleanor Bron  is good in her brief appearance in Part 4.
6305470464|5.0|this is an awesome movie!    Gillian Anderson did such a good job, all the other actors and actress did great too!  This is a must see movie
B00003CWPR|5.0|I think I'm the only person I know that appreciates this movie, so I can understand why it's so easy to hate. But what I think VERY few people understand about it is that it's one long joke, and that's what makes it so  great. Yes, there is a deeper meaning to the over all story, and it does  have its highly unusual moments. But when you get down to it, Nicole  Kidman's last line in the movie is a punchline. So why aren't more people  laughing? It's also a very hard joke to get, and if you can't laugh at it,  then you're bound to hate it. But when you're done watching Eyes Wide Shut,  take a few minutes to just think back on all of the situations Tom Cruise  gets in, and then concider the last line. If you can get it from there,  then you'll definatly enjoy this movie. If not, then yes, it probably won't  go into your top ten of favorite films. But give it a shot. Even if you  don't enjoy it, Eyes Wide Shut still has a great cast, beautiful sets, and  unusual moments that you'll enjoy.
6305776326|3.0|This movie was great , and funny it had me screaming S-U-P-E-R  S-T-A-R during and after the movie . It`s so funny , you won`t even be able to watch the movie because you`ll be in the bathroom ,peeing from laghter.
B00002MZ12|4.0|Well, I have to say that I'm not much of a Pop fan. I tend to be more of a Jazz/Rock/Blues kind of guy; however, a number of songs on this recording caught my attention and I cannot stop listening. <br />I have to admit there  are two songs on the recording that I don't care for (particularly King of  Pain).<br />I really like most of the songs. <br />I love the combination of  dynamics, Alanis' voice and rhytmic vocal talent, and driving percussive  background of &quot;I Was Hoping&quot;. It is a combination that keeps  drawing me back. <br />I have to say that I like the unplugged version better  than much of the standard studio stuff.
B00001QGPR|2.0|David Bowie seems to have gotten pulled into the candy-coated simplistic pop rock genre that dominates MTV and radios all over the US. <br />His new album lacks the unique and artistic style of usual David Bowie. Too many  generic drum and guitar tracks. <br />Don't bother. If you're interested in  buying anything, buy Space Oddity, the best album ever made.
6305750750|5.0|The newest installment in the Star Wars saga takes us back about 25-30 years before the original movie made in 1977.  Instead of having the usual cast of characters (Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Princess Leia, and  Chewbacca)there are new characters and characters from the original.  The  characters from the original are younger.  Among them are Obi-Wan Kenobi,  Anakin Skywalker, C-3PO and R2-D2.  The new characters are Qui-Gon Jin, Jar  Jar Binks, and Darth Maul.  The movie is good.  All the originals are  better though.  The new lacks the intellectual aspect of the originals.   The comic releif in the originals are R2-D2 and C-3PO.  Instead of just  acting stupid, they were interpreters.  They had a reason to be inthe  movie.  Jar Jar Binks is just a stupid little &quot;Gungan&quot; who just  talks incoherently and makes no sense.  The good thing about was the back  story.  This movie tells about the time before Luke and Leia are born.   Even though it lacks the same feeling as the originals, that feeling is  filled in by the young Obi-Wan Kenobi.  He gives off a good vibe and keeps  you hooked.  Being a huge Star Wars fan myself, I appreciated this movie  and loved it.  But for movie fans who could care less that this movie came  out, it is lousey.  So, in conclusion, my star rating is for Star Wars  fans.  For Movie fans, I give it a 2 out of 5.  The only reason being the  ultimately anoying and controversial Jar Jar Binks.
B000002O5L|5.0|if u like music you'd love this cd...one of tom's greatest works...so blunt but yet so appealing..
0783114893|4.0|I must say that this movie scared the hell outta me! The acting in this movie is phenominal, not to mention the non-stop action and fear the movie creates for the viewer. You can definetly feel exactly what the characters  are going through as this innocent man on a road trip picks up a hitch  hiker who just won't go away! This is movie is incredible, and I highly  recommend it to anyone who really wants to be scared.
630575067X|1.0|where's the plot? prequels don't make since as far as story development. we alreay know the important stuff, so why take us backwards and force us to watch it. i'll tell you why... easy money. it is obvious luca$ doesn't  have anywhere to go with this storyline. i will admit that the special  effects were good and john williams still has it but, i would only buy this  if it were on dvd. sorry george, not interested.
B000002JR8|5.0|This is a permanent part of my CD collection. I'd never trade it in for cash when it got old. The album was years ahead of its time when it was released. I have not heard creative guitar playing like this from any other  record. I mean it could get airplay today and still sound fresh. My  favorite tracks are 25 Years and Shedding Skin. There are no ordinary  verse-chorus-verse songs here.  Dimebag fills the songs with killer riffs.  Two of them are the breakdown sequence on Slaughtered (Nice bass by  Rex-sonic!), and opening final riff on 25 Years. This album has one of the  most dramatic endings in rock-all categories included.  Phil outdid Ozzy on  Planet Caravan.  I hope Pantera comes out with another album of this  magnitude. Thats all I have to say.
B000002E5J|4.0|i do like this album a lot, especially the first song &quot;estoy aqui.&quot;  but simply, her second album goes much further than this one musically and lyrically and provides an altogether more satisfying  experience.  so for the casual shakira listener, i'd point them first to  her second one, actually, and then, if he or she really liked it and simply  wanted to hear more, then i'd recommend this one.  like i said, it's a  great album, but musically, it's too straight up pop for me, and donde  estan los ladrones uses across the board influences to a greater effect.
B000002AVF|5.0|I don't understand why some naysayers don't give Mariah the props she deserves. This is an artist who is not only an extraordinary singer but she also writes each and every one of her own songs, composes her music,  produces her records, provides her own backing vocals and even takes part  in directing her music videos. Unlike most &quot;divas&quot;, Mariah is  also one of the few artists who always sings &quot;live&quot; (unlike  Celine, Janet or Madonna who use vocal tracks or lip synch in theirs  concerts) when she performs. Can you get any more talented than this!   Since her debut, Mariah Carey has sold nearly 130 million records (and  counting!) worldwide.. more than any other (female) artist. And this feat  she has accomplished in less than 10 years! <br />   Daydream is one of the  best albums in her career (followed by Butterfly) so far. My favorite  tracks are Fantasy (both versions), Always Be My Baby, Open Arms, Melt  Away, Forever, and I Am Free. But I love every single track on this album.  One Sweet Day, Underneath The Stars, and When I Saw You plus Daydream, Long  Ago and Looking In are also good songs. If you haven't purchased this album  yet, go and get it as soon as you can because you don't know what you are  missing. If you like this album you should love Butterfly.<br />One of my  other Mariah favourites is Music Box but it has a more pop sound to it as  opposed to R&amp;B/Hip Hop. But they are all great albums.
6305750750|5.0|I am an average SW fan. Not a fanatic. But I did love the originals. I think people remember the original trilogy when they were like 12 and so nobody minded all the unrealistic and childish elements then. As kids, Star  Wars was flawless. The scene in &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; still irks  me, where they land inside a giant worm's stomach and of course, there is  air pressure and gravity just like on Earth, even though they are in an  asteroid! Nobody even checks to see if its safe to leave the ship.  <br />Episode I was superior in many aspects. NOTHING in the old trilogy is  anywhere near as visually stunning as Naboo and Corusant. Those two things  alone make the movie worth watching. The costumes, and the ships are much  sleeker and more believable than the originals ever were. The light saber  duel was ten times more exciting than anything in the first trio. Even John  Williams' score &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; is unforgettable and far  beyond any of the original music. As for Jar Jar being annoying, yes, he  was annoying, but that didn't bother me a bit! Because he was PLAYING an  annoying character! He was SUPPOSED to be annoying. He annoyed Obi and  Qui-Gon too. That was part of the necessary comic relief to play as a foil  to the stoic Jedi. <br />As for the Jedi acting stiff, well of course they  were, THEY ARE JEDI! Jedi aren't supposed to be emotional. And still I  really felt for Qui-Gon in the end. Anakin I must admit didn't act all too  well. But what really irks me about TPM are the small things. The robot  going; &quot;Roger Roger&quot; made me want to scream; &quot;IS THIS  SATURDAY MORNING CARTOONS?&quot; And what I hated most, the way most people  felt about Jar Jar, is how I felt about that dumb two headed announcer. I  mean he looked so cartoonish, and he sounded just like Howard Cosell! That  was simply too much of a stretch of the imagination. But the plot, in my  mind, was superb. Those who didn't like it didn't understand it maybe.It  was rather deeper than the others. Basically it involved a corrupt Galactic  Senator trying to get himself elected to a higher position by creating a  Trade Dispute with a foreign planet, putting himself as the person who  would &quot;save the day&quot; when in actuality he is the cause of the  dispute. You could even argue that after Episode 1 the bad guys actually  won. <br />As for buying this VHS, I really think we should all unite as Star  Wars fans and send a clear message to Lucas that; &quot;We are not going to  fall for these stupid business tactics! We know the only reason you won't  release TPM on DVD is because you KNOW we will buy the VHS and the  DVD.&quot; Let's not allow him to manipulate us this way, his faithful  consumers.<br />Nick
B00000634J|4.0|The choice of songs is nearly unquestionable, even though the order of the songs is a little off.  But the fact that Lennon's very best song, &quot;God&quot;, is not on this collection is unforgivable.  It'd be like  having a Led Zepellin greatest hits package w/o Stairway to Heaven or an  Oasis collection w/o Wonderwall.  So skip this collection and buy Plastic  Ono Band and Imagine.
B00001ZWTS|3.0|Okay, so maybe Will Smith is not believable as a Cowboy. So what? The secret to watching this movie is to not take it seriously. It's just meant to be fun.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I love this cd, all the songs are good, except Porcelian, and I think you people that compare this CD to their other ones are just stupid, because maybe they wanted to change their sound or something, if you don't like the  CD then get your money back you stupid people! And another thing, if you  don't like the CD, why write a review!
B00001NFCY|5.0|i am...speechless.   i usually hate the use of this word, but this cd was...awesome. it is one of the few albums that i can listen to all the way through.  the guitars are incredible, and the vocals rock.  scott stapp's  voice is kinda deep and gravelly at times, but nonetheless impressive.  and  the lyrics are emotion-filled, especially &quot;with arms wide open&quot;   about the birth of his son.  my personal favorites on this cd are  &quot;arms wide open&quot;, &quot;faceless man&quot;, &quot;what if&quot;,  and &quot;inside us all&quot;, not to mention the incredible  &quot;higher&quot; which is the whole reason i bought this cd in the first  place. this is one of the few cds that you can play straight-through, and  is a good investment of 20 bucks.  so buy it.
6303421563|5.0|This goes out mainly for the viewers who truly enjoyed this film.  I have seen the &quot;integral version&quot; of this film which contains alot of footage edited for the USA version.  It featured several hits that Leon and  Matilda had and also explored  the more intimate aspect of the characters  relationship, giving more depth to the climactic &quot;parting&quot; at the  apartment.  They were very important for anyone wishing to get all this  movie had to offer, beyond the wham bam hollywood action sequence.  I  wonder if amazon could make this available, I would buy one definitely.
6305750750|4.0|Saw the movie on the bigscreen.  Outstanding flick.  It explains alot about incidents and comments in later episodes.  It's just too bad it's not being produced in anything but VHS format.  Needs to be DVD.
6302902010|4.0|I am so thankful for Michael Evans' review.  I too have been looking for the original version of Porgy and Bess, I saw it as a child.  Is there any way to plead and beg the Gershwins to release the 1959 original version?  I  would love to see it again in my lifetime.  If anyone out there has one of  the original copies, please, please, please, please, please let us P &amp;  B searchers know.  Good luck everyone!
B00000DGUG|5.0|i think that alanis has matured since jagged little pill, is no longer just screaming at the world for beign unfair, and has kinda even come to terms with it all in a good way.  although this cd doesn't sport as many  hits as jlp, it is more friendly on the ears (more singing than screaming).   i love the song thank u and so pure is very cool.  alanis has a head on  her shoulders to write meaningful lyrics that we can all relate to and a  voice in her throat so that she can sing them.  in an era dominated by  bubble-gum, she has made herself heard and attracted an audiance to a good  role model for younger people.  so she deserves all the credit in the world  for helping us remember the past decade not just as a time to &quot;hit me  baby one more time&quot; but as a time that can actually be represented by  real lyrics and real music written and sung by a real woman, not just some  teenager with a computer-enhanced voice.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I've wanted to write a review of this CD for a long time but i decided to read some other reviews first and think about it. <br />My conclusion is that 'The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill' is a classic, it's a brilliant album.  Reading the other reviews i noticed that most people either love the album  or really don't know what the hype is all about. Don't believe the hype,  don't believe the critics, don't mind all the grammy awards...but listen!  And please take your time because it took me some time to really understand  Lauryn and love the album like i do now. I didn't know what the critics  thought of this album when i bought it, not a single friend adviced me to  buy it and i never saw the grammy awards or any other award show. It's  really hard to describe what this album means to me because it's really  personal. 'The miseducation of Lauryn Hill' can make me sing, it can make  me cry, it can make me feel better when i'm down, it can make me jump  around when i'm happy. It's real, Lauryn Hill is real and she sings about  real things. Lauryn is very smart: she asked Carlos Santana to do some  guitar work, she invited D'Angelo to sing with her on a very soulful song  and she made a great r&amp;b record with Mary J Blige. Yes, she could have  done another Killing me softly, she could have recorded some easy-listening  songs...but she didn't! The miseducation is a really deep album and my  favorite album of all time.  <br />PS: Please don't believe the Lauryn being a  racist rumor. Check any statement she has ever made about it. When you  listen to her music, you KNOW that she's not a racist at all.
B00003XB8K|5.0|It's my first new album of this year and I suppose it will be the best one. Since January 18 I've heard it more than 50 times and it's not enough. All the songs are great, but my favourite are &quot;Gravity of love&quot;  and &quot;Silence must be heard&quot;. Could be longer (is about 45  minutes), but still big. Everybody who liked previous ones will love this,  because it's the continuation of Enigma 3. Try it!
B000007NYS|5.0|Lucinda Wiliams is rapidly becoming one of my favorite artists.  Ok, sure -- she can't sing as beautifully as, say, Annie Lennox or Renee Fleming, but who would want her to?  Her songs and lyrics are sometimes barren and  desolate in their simplicity which reflects, in some ways, the people and  situations she knew growing up in the southern US.  And adding someone with  a gorgeous, full, overly pretty voice to these songs would ruin the effect  they have they have on us: the feeling that Lucinda might as well be the  girl down the steet who got a guitar second-hand and writes songs so people  know how she feels.  There's something beautiful in that...almost genius,  of a sort.  I highly reccomend this album.<br />And, by the way, didn't some  pop group recently cover Sundays?  I swear I heard it on the radio once...
B00000JGOJ|2.0|The pixelation is horrible on this DVD.  I had to pretend I was watching the movie on a damaged holodeck to even make it viewable.  Go for the VHS if you really must have this movie...no joke it is that bad.  +There are no  extras on the DVD anyway.  The acting is good...but not great and the whole  thing is a bit contrived...but overall if you want to see a bunch of great  actors coast through a romantic movie... can you say date night?...then  this is a good movie... practice saying the cliches with the actors.
076781326X|5.0|The movie musical was on its way out by the time 'Oliver!' hit theaters in 1968.  Happily, this marvelously fun and entertaining film swept the Oscars and earns my vote for the best musical of the 60s (although 'The Music Man'  ranks a close second).  Mark Lester is adorable in the title role and Jack  Wild is a kick as the mischievious Artful Dodger.  Then there's Ron Moody  recreating his stage role as the villainous (but still likable) Fagin.   He's not exactly the same character created by Charles Dickens but he's  memorable just the same.  And Shani Wallis' Nancy along with Oliver Reed's  Bill Sikes give the film some real dramatic punch.  The production design  strikingly recreates the feel and flavor of mid-19th century London.  And  the songs which include 'Consider Yourself' and 'Oom Pah Pah' are the icing  on the cake.  Do your family a great favor and add this timeless treat to  your DVD collection.
B000002C2E|4.0|Bob Dylan is my favorite artist of all time.  Of course, I'm not alone.  More times than not, however, Dylan has let me down since BLOOD ON THE TRACKS way back when.  I'm sure Bob couldn't care less, but it's the truth.  Over 30 years ago, he set a standard that even he couldn't be expected to  match every time out.  Not so here.  This is a great recording.<br />Dylan,  now on the wrong side of 50, sings with desperation on &quot;Trying To Get  To Heaven&quot; and &quot;Not Dark Yet.&quot; &quot;Make You Feel My  Love&quot; is as direct as Dylan has ever been in expressing passion.  The  final cut, &quot;Highlands,&quot; is another Dylan &quot;movie,&quot;  evoking memories of &quot;Lily, Rosemary And The Jack Of Hearts&quot; and  &quot;Desolation Row.&quot;  But only faint memories. Now, it's less  symbolism and more substance.  Not better, just different.<br />The temptation  here is to compare TIME OUT OF MIND with BLOOD ON THE TRACKS, OH MERCY,  STREET LEGAL, or any of the early recordings.  This would be a mistake, as  Dylan brings these songs from a totally different perspective.<br />We're  not listening to the angry young man or the 30 - something singer who has  been kicked in the head by love.  What we are hearing is the sage who has  seen and done it all and lived to tell about it.  This time around, he puts  it to us straight, without a thousand layers of irony, and that is, at  once, both refreshing and painful.<br />Over the years, Bob Dylan has  re-invented himself many times.  With TIME OUT OF MIND, it seems he has  finally BECOME himself.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Whitney's First non soundtrack album in 8 years has proved to be something that was worth waiting for. Even though she does not display her full vocal abilities on wax the songs themselves make you look forward to seeing whitney get down live.  she carries the up tempo dance tracks like she is  queen of the night  . . . .clubs that is It's Not Right But It's O.k is the  album's catchy tune that is friendly to both pop and r&amp;b radio listenes  Heartbreak Hotel has whitney standing up next to big girls faith evans  &amp; kelly price (no pun intended).  The album's title tracks has a sexy  melodic bottom that will keep you grooving until 2999 The under rated when  You Belive with new musical friend Mariah Carey out ranks most soundtrack  duets as far as its energy content.  Those are the highlights bt of course  with every high there are some lows. . . . . I love you whitney but what's  up with the vocals on oh yes the vocal runs on this track are sloppy at  best she does hit some notes here but there were oppurtunities to rock this  song.
0800187873|5.0|Simply superb. The film follows the rise of an undercover cop in the mafia, played precisely by Johnny Depp. This, in my opinion, is the best role he has played to date, and considering his role as Ed Wood, that is  something. Al Pacino is yet again fantastic as Depp's mentor. The support  cast includes the extra cool Micheal Madsen. This film is a must buy for  people who like gangster films and to see what Depp and Pacino can really  do. Superb.
0684874350|5.0|This book will touch your heart and soul, and  your emotions will soar.   The story flows easily from chapter to chapter, and makes you hungry  for  more. After reading this book, I am  a &quot;born again reader&quot;  Thank  you Frank McCourt, for  being you.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's final film is a haunting classic that puts a cap on a provocative and thought-provoking career that spanned fifty years. Kubrick fans (this critic is one) generally loved &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; and  Cruise/Kidman fans (likewise) generally hated the film or could not  understand what it was about. <br />Even though the film became a box-office  disappointment in North America, Kubrick must have been smiling from above,  knowing that his tight gag-order on his two-year (filming of a) labor of  love helped perpetrate a huge public relations fraud on the movie-going  contingent.<br />In &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;, Kubrick perpetrates a  different kind of fraud on Dr. Bill Harford (Tom Cruise).  Everyone appears  to be part of a twisted April Fool's joke. The operative word is  &quot;appears&quot;. For Harford, the &quot;joke&quot; seems more like a  dream, a nightmare, or worse. <br />Like Hitchcock, Kubrick did not deliver  easy-to-understand films on a platter to his audiences. Independent thought  and interpretation was a must. Kubrick's final work is intensely layered.  There is no way on earth that you can see everything that is happening in  this film in one viewing. Yet that is the mark of a great film -- to see  different things in subsequent viewings.  One underlying idea is that the  notion of temptation outside marriage and the consequences of carrying out  those temptations equals danger. This idea hits home in several unsettling  episodes.<br />Red, blue and purple figure prominently in the film's  definitive color scheme. Red signifies danger. Blue signifies coldness,  safety and  revelation.  Purple could easily be a mix of both red and blue.  There are bright golden yellows and cloudy whites. Thanks to Larry Smith's  cinematography, these colors are more than simple decoration. The DVD for  this film will be astonishing in its capture of Smith's spectacular array  of color and light.  Alas, it will be a full-screen (not widescreen)DVD  presentation, but that is just how Kubrick wanted it.<br />As for sex, there  is some, but it is not erotic.  And that is not an accident.  This muted  eroticism is a key point Kubrick might be making in his profound film.   <br />One aspect of &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is the way men and women  respond differently to the same situation. Alice (Nicole Kidman) seems to  know how to test the limits of fidelity, but she does this using her mind,  while Bill searches places high and low to test the limits of fidelity in a  far riskier way.<br />The disjointed structure of events through editing and  steadicam movement capture the disorienting view of a master at the top of  his form. Jocelyn Pook's score provides an eerie-ness and selected European  classical music paints alternating smooth and abrasive textures. Especially  great is the music during the opening and closing credits.  That music is  grand and feels like a carousel ride. One that lasts for more than two and  a half hours, which is the duration of the enchanting, mysterious adventure  on which &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; takes us.<br />Similar-related themes of  mysterious events are explored in &quot;The Game&quot; (1997), but with  less thought-provoking implication.  And the bizarre film &quot;The Comfort  Of Strangers&quot; (1990) is another, but is a pale, shallow comparison to  Kubrick's classic work here.<br />What's best about &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;  is that it is a complex film.  A film to think and talk about. A mature  adult film. The best film of 1999.
B000002L9Y|5.0|Comparing this album to Rumours is absolutely pointless. They are two seperate identities, two types of music individually. 'Tango In The Night' is a superbly orchestrated work of art. Unlike previous Fleetwood, it is  synthesizer rich throughout and doesn't follow a pop music formula. I have  owned TITN (and Rumours for that matter) since issuance and find it still  as vibrant and entertaining as it was in the late eighties. A perfect album  for a rainy windswept Spring night, the melodies are extremely soothing and  soft on your ears. Every time I listen to it I get chills down my spine.  Let this work stand on its own, because  quite simply, it's beautiful.
0790736926|1.0|This movie is a classic example of the &quot;cowboy vs. Indians&quot; media push in the United States-- which all too often ends up with a skewed, barbaric picture of Native Americans and a completely inaccurate  portrayal of Native culture and rituals. Movies like this have the  widespread popularity to change or shape public opionion, and in this movie  it has done this in the worst way. <br />As the cowboys search for their niece  who was &quot;kidnapped by Indians,&quot; we are given a cruel vision of  Natives...one might be tempted to think that Natives are mystical and grim,  seeking to kinap whites and covert them to their &quot;savage ways.&quot;  Contrary to this film, I think it's important to note Native Americans DO  NOT kipnap children.  <br />The kidnapped white children in the film were  depicted as insane and animal-like after spending years with the Natives;  the viewer knows that it was living with the Natives and their culture that  had turned them into such mindless wild creatures. Need I point out the  misconceptions? Native culture is not savage and inhumane, and the Native  American ways of life will make a white person, in the words of John Wayne,  &quot;Like they're not even white.&quot; Did I mention how this line alone  perpetuates the notion that white culture is something orderly and  intellectual while Native American culture is chaotic and beastly?<br />Native  American women, as shown in &quot;The Searchers,&quot; amongst others, are  passive and coy; women in the film seem to submit to the white man, and  follow him around in ignorant and loving bliss. However, the role of women  in Native American cultures is hardly passive; often women make important  political and economic decisions, they sometimes held the right of choosing  when a tribe will go to battle, and they had profound influence in the  farming culture of Native Americans. Native American women were some of the  hardest working people in American history. Native women also voted in  tribal elections long before the 1920's. Make no mistake about this one,  Native American women are not wooed by the white man's &quot;superior&quot;  ways and will not follow him like an obedient pet. Native American women  are strong, and always have been extraordinarily independent from  masculinist stereotypes. <br />I hope this has been helpful for you. Above  all, I think &quot;The Searchers&quot; needs to be treated more as a  cultural/hisorical movie than a &quot;great action Western.&quot; The  unfortunate part is that this movie tells a profoundly sad and  discriminatory story, one which I hope America frees itself from believing.
6305603847|1.0|A lousy movie, dont buy this at any price. Most of the songs are interrupted by talk and other  weird video....I guess you have to be a true Pink Floyd fan to appreciate this movie....Most of the songs are played  incompletey...DONT BUY THIS VIDEO , MAYBE A GOOD RENTAL
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher like wine has gotten better as she and I age together . Knows how to say what few of we weak women can't Strong Enough right up there too..
B000006IUQ|5.0|Can you say action?  Can you say suspense?  Can you say excellent acting, awe-inspiring scenery, and the most truly frightening bear ever seen on TV?  Do so, and you have just relayed all the magnificent elements that make up  the movie, The Edge!  In the movie, an eccentric billionaire, (Hopkins),  and a slick playboy, (Baldwin), who's after the billionaire's model wife,  find themselves stranded in the Alaskan wilderness together after a plane  crash.  ENTER:  THE BEAR!  This bear truly deserves an Oscar for his role,  because his menacing presence will scare the pants off of you - even as you  sit watching from the safety of your own livingroom! In the film, the bear  appears to be stalking the men in the wildnerness, which creates an almost  PALPABLE AIR OF TENSION; in addition to the suspicion and rivalry that is  ALREADY going on between the two main characters!  The Edge is suspensful  every time you watch it; and Hopkins plays his role to perfection.  This  movie is a definite &quot;MUST SEE!&quot;
6305622833|5.0|I've seen this 4 times now and it just gets better. Sean Connery is fantastic and as good looking as ever, he makes a brilliant art theif. It has loads of twists and turns and you're never quite sure who the bad guys  are. Absolutly fabulous!
B000009QO6|5.0|This Danzig album is definately the best Danzig album of them all.  Glenn has the awesomest voice-a mix of blues and sort of country. It's really cool. It's not too heavy and tracks such as mother and End of Time will  make you an instant Danzig fan! <br />P.S. Don't forget to check out some  of the old stuff from the MISFITS, Glenn Danzig's previous band.
B00000FBRE|5.0|this cd was some of the best punk rock i have heard in some time.  great for snowboarding, totally gets you stoked and all
B0000029LG|5.0|Michael Jackson's History: Past, Present and Future... is one of my favorite CD's buy the King of Pop.  He is really talented and he exemplifies this is his songs.  There are a lot of songs that can relate to  everyone's life.  If ever you feel down listen to my favorite song  &quot;Smile&quot;, and you'll do just that!
078322334X|1.0|This movie is terrible, I got it for christmas the year it came out, I watched it and couldn't beleive how terrible it was.  There was really no definite plot, unlike jurassic park.  They should have gone more by the  book on both movies.  The first and the second movie are way different than  the book.  If they were like the book they would have made millions in the  box office, and not been such a flop.
B0000029LG|5.0|Michael Jackson's History: Past, Present and Future... is one of my favorite CD's buy the King of Pop.  He is really talented and he exemplifies this is his songs.  There are a lot of songs that can relate to  everyone's life.  If ever you feel down listen to my favorite song  &quot;Smile&quot;, and you'll do just that!
630562285X|4.0|THIS MOVIE WAS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST I'VE SEEN.  THE CHEMISTRY BETWEEN CONNERY AND JONES WAS TENSE AND INTENSE.  THE ACTION WILL KEEP YOU ON THE EDGE OF EVERY TURN, TWIST AND SUPRISE THROUGHOUT THE MOVIE.  IT WAS  TASTEFUL YET EXCITING.  THE PLOT MAY GET YOUR ATTENTION,BUT THE SUSPENCE  WILL KEEP IT!
1561006742|5.0|I think that it was an autobiography.......And he knew it
B00000AFFF|5.0|When I first bought this album I listened to it 15 or 20 times straight through, and I was captivated. And I still am. It's just magical. It's beautiful, beautiful music, and today that might seem faint praise. But  it's not, it's the highest praise I can offer, because the album is one  beautiful song after another. <br />Bacharach's arrangments are gorgeous, and  Elvis once again proves that there is no one better at writing songs about  heartbreak, jealousy, and revenge. This is one of those albums that, if you  find yourself with a heavy heart, can make you feel so bad you feel good.  <br />The only real negatives I've seen or heard reported center around  Costello's voice, which has been called limited, nasally, harsh, etc. Well,  fiddlesticks. EC will never sing with the Three Tenors (thank God), but he  does a fantastic job with these songs. Could other singers have done a  better job? Then let 'em write their own songs! I'd rather hear Costello  sing &quot;What's Her Name Today?&quot; or &quot;God Give Me Strength&quot;  over someone who didn't actually pen the words. There's something to be  said for authenticity, even though Elvis has written songs specifically for  other people. He wrote them, he gets to sing them if he wants. And I think  he does a fantastic job. As does Bacharach, who wraps melodies around  Costello's words like a frame around a painting. You could read the words  like poetry and love it, you could hear just the music and be moved. Just a  great, great album.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I've never considered myself a Fiona Apple fan, per se, but because I absolutely loved the single Fast as You Can, I bought When the Pawn.  The first listen through intrigued me: her vocal style and range is a  refreshing change, the lyrics are raw and real, and the music is colored  with the blues.  I have had this cd for about 3 days now and have listened  to it over and over, repeatedly getting lost in the music.  I totally love  this cd.
0425170349|1.0|This book is even worse that &quot;Executive Orders&quot;, and that is really saying something. And it's too bad, because Clancy is still capable of writing fanastic action scenes. But Clancy isn't writing technothrillers  anymore-- he's writing moron right-wing screeds that should embarass anyone  who once called himself a Clancy fan.<br />In this one Clancy has yet another  pathetic woman who messes everything up, and yet another  terrorists-release-virus-to-kill-everyone plot. I can't believe he had the  guts to recycle that from &quot;EO&quot;, and I was in even greater  disbelief when he has the president of the Sierra Club thinking out loud  how great it would be if the President got himself assassinated. That's  just pathetic, such a lazy cheap shot that I can't believe the punching  bags called his editors let it slide. <br />The book is boring, like  &quot;EO&quot; was, and stupid. Still, the parts where something is  actually HAPPENING, the parts when the Rainbow Six team is actually going  about its business, are still a blast to read. But that's maybe 5 percent  of the book. The rest is just a mess.<br />Now that Clancy is an industry and  not a writer (see his NetForce and OpCenter imprints) he apparently doesn't  feel the need to put out work of the quality of &quot;The Hunt For Red  October&quot;. It's too bad. I used to look forward to Clancy's latest  release with baited breath. Now I won't waste my breath. This will be the  last Clancy novel I read, unless I hear that the book is under 600 pages  and actually makes some sense.
6303402348|5.0|A not-so-smart man and his wonderful life is the story of this movie.<br />A wonderful story, and a great performance by Tom Hanks (I can see why he won the Oscar as Best Actor for the second time in a row for this movie), made  this a very highly recommended movie!
0684874350|5.0|This is by far the most incredible book I have ever managed to encounter.  Never have I felt such emotion of sorrow and laughter, I didn't know wether  to laugh or cry but somehow managed to do both. This is one book you can  not put down til you have read the last page.
630518299X|5.0|A man's life is broadcasted on television for the world to see.<br />Jim Carrey's first dramatic role, and it's funny to see him get serious for once. He did a good job, and the movie is very entertaining.
B000002LND|5.0|Don't buy any Madonna albums. This is her greatest hits, and she did almost all of them as remixed versions. Then again, the thing Madonna is praised for most is her ability to change! This is a great CD as the name  hints, but some of the best songs are her earliest. I have always like  Lucky Star and Borderline, and I think they are essential to a greatest  hits compilation. All in all, his alubm showcases Madonna's talent and  leaves you wanting more. This should have been a double volume...and some  other songs that should have been included are Whos that Girl, True Blue,  and a few other of her radio hits.
B000035Z2L|4.0|A group of teenage boys promise to help each other lose their virginities by prom night.<br />Even though the hilarity died a little in the end, it's stilll a funny movie. It's not good enough to be given all 5 stars, but  it's still entertaing to deserve 4 stars.
052594527X|5.0|I could hear rich carpets in their voices, books and pearls and fur&quot;. When you come across that sentence on page 1 paragraph 2 the stage is set,  and on it is the treasure that is this book, by Ms. Tracy Chevalier. The  protagonist Griet speaks the words, and they set the tone for a beautifully  crafted piece of literature. The writing is elegant, there is no pretense,  and in one instant at the end, the Author had Griet doing something that I  was hoping would happen from early in the book. It was a bonus, as the book  in its entirety was excellent.<br />Whether or not you are familiar with the  work of Vermeer will not hamper the reading of the book. I took the advice  of another reviewer, but I chose to view the paintings after the book was  read. I was familiar with certain of his pieces, but I enjoyed viewing  those discussed in the book after Ms. Chevalier had painted them in my  mind's eye. It was like a visual sequel to the book. This is the type of  book I would happily have read were it 2 or 3 times its length. However the  Authoress delivers a wonderful story with the words she needs, no more, no  less. The illusion of having read a much longer work is a tribute to her as  a writer.<br />Buy it, no regrets here.
6301562143|5.0|Based on the DC Comics comic book, it's a story about a young boy whose parents were killed while he watched. The boy then vowed to get even with all the criminals of Gotham City by striking fear in their hearts in the  form of a bat.<br />The best movie out of all the installments that would soon  follow. This movie not only focuses on Batman, but it also focuses on the  life of Bruce Wayne. Unlike the other intallments, this one has more plot  and less action.
B000031XCR|5.0|My sister bought this CD, and will hardly ever let me borrow. For this reason, I am definetly buying this! There are 7 new songs, though some of them don't go with &quot;Celine&quot;, I like That's the Way It Is (a pop  song done by Max Martin, a mixer/producer of Britney Spears and the  Backstreet Boys) All the Way (made famous by Frank Sinatra), If These Walls  Could Talk, and The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face. It's truly a  magnificent CD.
B0000214G6|1.0|A story about sexual obsession.<br />Much similar to Showgirls, this movie shouldn't have been made. A terrible, degrading movie with a not-so-good plot.
B000002C1Z|5.0|For all you fans out there who only own the Wall, WYWH, and Dark Side, this album is the next step. It is, simply put, 45 minutes of genius. Sadly, i look at rock and roll today and fear that it will never again have  the ingeniousness it had when floyd was making records. buy animals...you  will love it.
0553213105|1.0|My wife says that this is her favourite novel of all time. I could not disagree more. Turgid. Dull. Truly awful prose. Surely nobody ever spoke like these utterly implausible characters. Literary mogadon. Don't bother.
B00000099Y|5.0|tool is with out a doubt the best alternative band of the century. there music is so original, and dramatic. that it scares me. cause no ones music is like this. every rif, drum beat, lyric, is just unreal. they are so put  together. as a band. not one track on any of there cds can you skip.  everyone is different and more complex. than the next. that double bass  just kills me. this cd is a must have for anyone. every house hold should  own it. and the rest. i woud just lke to thank god for them. they really  are something spectacular.
B00000G3PA|3.0|If you're looking for a sensitive, thoughtful look at humanity facing doomsday, buy 'On the Beach'. If, however, you want to crack a beer, scratch your belly, and hoot and holler, 'Armagedden' is for you!<br />Bruce  Willis, more subdued than usual, leads a band of oil-drilling stereotyped  misfits into space to blow up an asteroid on a collision course with Earth.  His crew includes a young brash stud (Ben Affleck, proving he quit drama  class too soon!) in love with his daughter (Liv Tyler, who must have  skipped a LOT of acting classes!), and a wise-cracking psycho (Steve  Buscemi, who looks like he spent too much time outside the spacecraft  without a spacesuit!)<br />Heading the support team in Houston is Billy Bob  Thornton, who gives the best overall performance in the film, and seems to  be enjoying himself immensely in the role!<br />Don't THINK while watching  this, or you'll get in trouble (I loved how NASA has size 50XXXL spacesuits  on hand for a couple of the beefier drillers!); just run with it, and enjoy  the movie for the spectacle it is! Unlike 'Deep Impact', it doesn't bog  itself down in subplots...This is the Wild West in Space, with enough  rootin'-tootin' action to fill a dozen Saturday matinees!<br />Enjoy the show!
B00000099Y|5.0|tool is with out a doubt the best alternative band of the century. there music is so original, and dramatic. that it scares me. cause no ones music is like this. every rif, drum beat, lyric, is just unreal. they are so put  together. as a band. not one track on any of there cds can you skip.  everyone is different and more complex. than the next. that double bass  just kills me. this cd is a must have for anyone. every house hold should  own it. and the rest. i woud just lke to thank god for them. they really  are something spectacular.
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes dragged me through the poorest streets of Ireland and I  laughed through my tears the entire trip.  I found the book very hard to  read at first as I've never experienced Frank McCourt's writing style  before.  But I heard his distinct brogue and it comforted me and made me  continue trekking through his often times difficult dialouge.  In the end I  was tortured that the book had ended but the story hadn't.  <br />Angela's  Ashes is unlike any other story I've read, fiction or non-fiction.  It's  hard at times to believe it is an autobiography.  Surely no one could have  survived such a childhood.  <br />This book is a must read for anyone even  remotely Irish - and all who wonder just how poverty affects our youngest  citizens.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Few movies depict real life with true suspension of disbelief. The successful rare items do so by engaging you because you feel empathy for one of the characters. Here you can feel for all of them, including the  female roles so often secondary to the plot of dramatic violence. Niel  (DeNiro) is perfect, even though he will kill in pursuit of his goal it  seems as though all his victims are either guilty of greater crimes or  police unneccesarily in the way. The supporting crew are honest to their  goals and act with conviction. Pacino plays Vincent the cop who comes out  worst here. He is true and honest yet unlike Neil, he has no vision, no  point to his toil. But he is equally convincing such that he lends weight  to the picture.<br />In the end the point comes from Neil (DeNiro). Dedication  to the life, sacrifice for the end, and then the ultimate realisation that  other things are more important so that he questions all that he has done.  In the confusion, revenge clouds his mind for after all he is human. Who  doesn't want to be Neil who sees this film!<br />Zone 2 people (England) are  robbed of 7 minutes of footage. So buy the U.S. version.
6305169187|1.0|this flick is a total waste of money.actually,i think YOU should get paid to watch it! i cant sit through this movie.
006016848X|5.0|After reading this book, I understood so much more about why my first marriage went sour. As it turns out, we were like 2 different people from 2 different planets who didn't really understand each other's needs or ways of communicating.<br />I recommend this book to everyone, and am even giving  one to my fiancee before we get married, so that we both have an  understanding of a better way to communicate, especially when the going  gets tough.<br />This is not just another gimmicky self-help, pop-psychology  book (though admittedly the marketing of the author's books and seminars  via infomercials is a turn-off). But this book has good, solid information  about how to communicate better with members of the opposite sex, even  parents and siblings.<br />I highly recommend you read it!
6300249867|4.0|I will never know why Teresa Russell did not become one of the most visible actresses in Hollywood after this movie -- she is wickedly spectacular in this stylish bit of suspense.  And Debra Winger plays the  good guy with just enough ambivalence to give the movie a real tingling  quality.  It features a suspense/murder plot that essentially involves a  serial killer, and is shot in some spectacular locations.  As the women get  closer, the heat turns up -- and the wrap-up is satisfying, neat and  clever.
0060930187|4.0|After finish reading &quot;The Bell Jar&quot; by Sylvia Plath, I wasn't left with those weird when emotions whne a really good book affects you. As a matter of fact, I wasn't surprise that the author committed suicide. In  life, when people feel enclosed and that no one cares, people are driven to  desperate measures. Especially during the time Esther/Sylvia were living  in. Us women have to deal with many issues. Always have and always will.  The novel just makes me think that does reality really exist or do we just  live in a fantasy world and not care with goes on around us? Reality is  much scarier than fiction.
B000002LGQ|5.0|The pure shot of adrenaline that this album gives you is worth the price.  There is not one wasted cut on this album, and it is endlessly enjoyable.   I particularly love the pure pop, CHERISH and the wondrous DEAR JESSIE, but  all of the songs are really terrific pieces of pop music.  Yes, the themes  are confessional, and spiritual, and they serve the artist well, but it is  the blending of those hooky, well-turned lyrics with pop melodies that are  infectious and winning.  Best Madonna overall album, for my money!
0553502271|2.0|This is the first John Grisham novel I have read.  And although I thought  I would enjoy him--I saw and liked the movie with Tom Cruise in it, the  title of which I forget--in the end, I didn't.  It is hard for me to figure  out why he has been so obviously popular.  I was disappointed from the  first page.  Character development of the cartoon-like figures  (particularly Nate) was non-existent. A skeletal plot--plots, actually--and  far too simple a writing style made me wish always for more.  Also, it  seems that if Grisham had the intimate knowledge of many other things that  he displays about the legal profession, the reader's interest level would  be continually higher.  Since this is my first Gresham, I'm guessing that  he relies on form (in this case, having two unembellished, fast-moving, and  simultaneous plots) rather than content to achieve whatever success he has  had.  I may give one of his other books a try, but judging by this one, he  seems to be a weak writer, not the match of Hailey or Crichton.
B000002I2M|5.0|The reviewer from Sweden is incorrect--this album was released after Soft Parade, and Morrison Hotel as well.  It's a good listen, but I still think Soft Parade was their best.<br />Did you know that &quot;Mr. Mojo Risin'&quot;  is a perfect anagram for Jim Morrison?
6300248569|5.0|This was obviously a low budget production compared to A&amp;E's version,which I also liked,but the cast was first rate.  Elizabeth Garvie was terrific as Lizzy.  She may not have Jennifer Ehle's firey personality,  but she sure got her point accross when she rejected Mr. Darcy's marriage  proposal.   This version did not seem to have the sisterly comraderie and  closeness of the A&amp;E version.  I liked the Kitty and Lydia in this  version better than I liked their A&amp;E counterparts.  (The A&amp;E Kitty  looked much younger than the A&amp;E Lydia, even though she's supposed to  be 2 years older.) David Bamber is a much better Mr. Collins than the actor  in the BBC version.  Both Charlottes are equally talented.  I liked Mr. and  Mrs. Bennet better in the A&amp;E production.   Overall, I'd say that both  productions feature very talented casts and follow the book pretty  accurately.  The costumes and sets are much more elaborate in the A&amp;E  version.  The BBC version is definitely lacking in this area.   I've  watched both versions &quot;ad nauseum&quot; and liked them both very much.   I would have liked to have seen Lizzy &amp; Mr. Darcy Kiss in the BBC  version, but that wasn't something that was done publicly in the early 19th  century. (I would also have liked to see the scenes they cut from the BBC  version.  They would've filled in the gaps in the story that were left  out.)   I did very much like the way Lizzy's thoughts were shared with the  viewer in the BBC version.   In my opinion, you can't go wrong with either  production.  Just keep in mind that the BBC's version isn't going to be as  elaborate as A&amp;E's and you won't be disappointed.  I'd like to see  Hollywood try to come up with something equally as good.  They'll never  succeed unless they use an all British cast like they used in Sense and  Sensibility.  (For instance, Gwynneth Paltrow's attempted portrayal of Emma  doesn't hold a candle to Kate Beckinsale's portrayal of Emma in the A&amp;E  production.  What a mess Hollywood made of this beloved Austen classic!)
B000001F3C|5.0|More than a hunk of wax, more than mere music--&quot;War&quot; is one of the most beautiful statements ever put to album. It's also the very best representation of U2's sound and philosophy, with songs that cover the  entire spectrum of human emotion. Can't be topped.
B00003XACV|5.0|When I saw this movie, the music was as powerful as the images and characters.  The music overpowers the moviegoer, from the opening theme when we first learn of Lester, or in &quot;Spartanette&quot; when nothing  but the trembling music and Angela occupy the mind.<br />Powerful use of many  different themes make this a great departure from typical movie scores  these days, which tend to overdramatize and repeat one melody endlessly.   If there is a score that embodies the multifaceted layers of 90's suburbia,  this is it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Okay lets get one thing str8, this album is not their finest recording! I think Evil Empire was the best, and then their first album was second best, and this is third best. I'm not saying it is their worst, I'm saying it is  their 3rd best! Now the album is good, but the songs are missing the  endings that that the previous rage releases had, also the songs are too  short! But never the less! This album was probably the best albums of 1999,  and with classic songs like &quot;born of a broken man&quot; with it's  grungy guitar work, &quot;Mic Check&quot; with its hip-hop  pureness,&quot;Ashes in the Fall&quot; this song has some mighty noise in  the back, and &quot;Maria&quot; which adds melody but keeps it hardcore.   Zack (not zaCH) is a mexican man who shows us in his music that he has  passion about politics and can still keep the songs funky. The album deals  with: Sweatshops in Maria, the bloodless media in Testify, Support for  Mumia in Voice of the Voiceless, Mexian rebels in War with in a breath,how  the system sucks and isn't leading to anything productive in Ashes in the  Fall, Zack speaks passionatly about his father in Born of a Broken Man, and  poor and oppressed people in New millenium homes, Mic Check is a Hip-hop  song that powers people to take action (violent) against pigs(cops). I will  probably bang this album along with my other rage albums for the rest of my  days (and nights).
B000031WD9|5.0|From beginning to end, this flick had me rolling! If I could give it more stars I would.  A must, must, must see. If you see this movie, I swear you'll never drink beer from a plastic cup again!
0780020685|5.0|You have to congratulate Criterion on this one.  They took a movie that isn't incredibly popular, except among perhaps movie critics, and made a great DVD out of it.  For the first time in history you can watch this  movie uninterrupted.  AND there is an excellent commentary track.  I listen  to many tracks, and this is one of the best ones out there.  At 3 hours,  Michael Jeck doesn't stop giving out great nuggets of information.  Plus  there are a bunch of other extras, but they are superfluous.  IMO the  commentary track is the most important extra a DVD can have.
6305750750|1.0|I was and am a huuuuuuge fan of the original trilogy.  They were great intelligent films, with adult themes that kids could enjoy because of cool action and neat special effects.  They had a grand and epic story of the  ages.  Episode one is really just a kids movie that some adults might think  contains some neat special effects -- but little else.  I could hardly  beleive that after waiting umpteen years for epsisode 1 that I would be  looking at my watch and wondering when it would be over.  It just could not  hold my attention because the script read like a Saturday morning GIJoe or  Transformers or Thundercats cartoon of old.  Simple, ridiculous story that  makes no sense except for kids to learn that good beats evil with  action-figure-like power.  Unlike the original trilogy, the action was not  clever and was completely unbeleiveable.  The heros win the day because Jar  Jar trips on a pile of blue balls, accidentily releasing them into the  ranks of the enemy troop. Next, the little boy Anakin hides in a spaceship,  hits the auto-pilot (keep in mind the experienced pilots can hardly even  get their ships out of the hanger let alone hold up in battle), and viola!   he lands right in the middle of the control ship (there are about 50 of  them, but he just happens to fly into the right one) and shoots a few times  and the entire enemy fleet is destroyed. How conveinent.  Maybe some  techincal trekkies will argue that Anakin has the &quot;force&quot; and can  do anything, but the lame plot device of invoking the force when the  writers cannot think of a clever action sequence is no substitute for the  clever action that should have been.  I won't even talk about Jar Jar or  how lame the overall character development was,  I'll leave that to you  guys.   Great for little kids who just want to see their favorite toys on  the tv, but lame for discerning adult admirerers of the originals
B00000ILDE|5.0|Everyone with a DVD player should have this classic movie in their collection.  Of course, I am a bit partial, as this is my favorite sci-fi/action movie of all time.  The DVD menus are absolutely outstanding.   They aren't technologically groundbreaking, but they convey the atmosphere  of the movie perfectly.  I was, and still am, extremely impressed with  them.  My only complaint, and it's not really a complaint, is that this is  the Special Edition.  I still have a soft spot for the original... but you  can always jump the colony scene (which I find corny) as it is conveniently  placed in it's own chapter.  Nevertheless, I am happy this movie got such a  great treatment on DVD, and from Fox too, whom had previously given DVD  lackluster support at best.
B000031WD9|4.0|I just want to clarify with anybody who thinks that the so-called &quot;Unrated&quot; version of this movie is anything special.  It's not.  I bought it last week thinking there would be at least a handful of new  goodies.  I can tell you now that I have noticed exactly *1* thing  different from the original rated version.  I won't say what it is (some of  you may already know anyway), but I will say that I was dissapointed in  this edition because of it.  It's still a great movie and worthy of being  owned, just don't get your hopes up for an abundance of new stuff with the  unrated version.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Everyone with a DVD player should have this classic movie in their collection.  Of course, I am a bit partial, as this is my favorite sci-fi/action movie of all time.  The DVD menus are absolutely outstanding.   They aren't technologically groundbreaking, but they convey the atmosphere  of the movie perfectly.  I was, and still am, extremely impressed with  them.  My only complaint, and it's not really a complaint, is that this is  the Special Edition.  I still have a soft spot for the original... but you  can always jump the colony scene (which I find corny) as it is conveniently  placed in it's own chapter.  Nevertheless, I am happy this movie got such a  great treatment on DVD, and from Fox too, whom had previously given DVD  lackluster support at best.
6304383827|5.0|That's what I said after I watched it.  I particularly liked the way the movie began - with the earth revolving round and round, taking you back in time.  I thought it was well-cast. If you are a fan of Gwyneth Paltrow,  then you will enjoy her in this.  Most importantly, previous to seeing this  Emma, I was not familiar with Jane Austen's works.  This movie inspired me  to read the book, as well as the other novels Miss Austen wrote.
6305718954|5.0|id only seen the commersials for this movie, but even they looked fab.<br />before id seen it i was either gonna cancel my order or just keep it as it it. i kept it.<br />it reminds me of a kind of ''exorsist'' movie. but  in a different kind of storey.<br />two thumbs up.  fabulous!
0195117298|2.0|I read this after reading Brian Greene's The Elegant Universe and was  hoping to get more ideas about how recent physicists view time.  I found  this book much less clear, much less informative, and it seems to represent  a minority view among physicists as it largely ignores recent work on  string theory.  I give it two stars only because I gave up after about five  chapters and may have missed something of value.
6304711891|5.0|This one of the best action movies of all time.  It combines a great story and action sequences with an swesome and very memorable music.  The directing is very unique and fun to watch.  The soundtrack really makes  this movie.  It is good and memorable that sporting events use the music.   A must have for anyone with a home theater with great bass.  My favorite  scene has to be the car chase scene through the streets of San Francisco.
0345350499|5.0|I found The Mists of Avalon to be an amazing masterpiece of literary achievement. It was perhaps one of the most moving, realistic and beautifully inspiring books I have ever read. The characters are  mulit-faceted and the reader will find themselves truly unable to put the  book down. It is a wonderful blend of romance, intrigue, mystery, passion,  history and fantasy. I highly recommend this book to anyone who wishes to  be wisked away to a far-off land full of surprises and magic.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is not your average 'shoot-em-up' Sci-fi flick (though there is a lot of violence).  There is a clear message that doesn't get lost in the amazing special effects.  DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE FIRST 10 MINUTES.  They  are a little slow, but the movie picks up very well, and stays at the  faster pace.  The plot, though a tad predictable in places, isn't  contrived.  There are several unexpected plot twists. The special effects  are unbeliveable, yet fit in perfectly with the premise.  This is not a  &quot;we have a great effect, how can we use it&quot; movie, but a &quot;we  have a great script, how can we film it&quot; one.  This is not a movie to  miss.  The only con to getting this movie is that it isn't wide-screen.
0140185232|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite books.  It has everything...interesting, complex characters; fascinating settings,  clever story telling device, addresses searching for the meaning of life...what  more can I say.
0345350499|5.0|This book was amazing and it helped me to grow personally. I've read it 3  or 4 times and I still find new fachets of depth and new understanding  every time I read it. The characters are alive and multidemensional. They  somehow bring the story life and make it seem as if they could be standing  beside you, crying, talking, raging loving, living as you turn the pages.  Marion Zimmer Bradley has spun a most amazing re-creating of the Arthurian  Legends that takes one away to another time and space, another world,  perhaps, where you cry , love, and rage because it seems as if you yourself  are part of the story. All at once you are Morgaine, Gwenhwyfar, Lancelet,  and Arthur. This is a phenomonal book that is a read of lifetime.
068485743X|5.0|Full disclosure -- I initially purhcased this book solely because Noah and I went to college together and we were in the same fraternity.  Also, I am neither a professional author, nor am I working on a manuscript.<br />However,  I am an attorney, and as such, the ability to write well is crucial.  Some  of the chapters in Noah's book while well written, entertaining, and  informative, are not relevant to my work (e.g. narrative, viewpoint, etc.).   Others, such as his tips on improving writing styles, were crucial.<br />Much  of my work is written with the purpose of persuading the reader that my  arguments are correct.  Legal writing is often analgous to an author  submitting a manuscript to an agent.  If the writing is weak, wordy, overly  passive, and full of mistakes, even if the substance is correct, the impact  will be far less than beautifully polished prose.  When reading Noah's  book, I (unfortunately) saw much of my writing style in his various  &quot;what not to do&quot; examples.  <br />Most, if not all, law schools  require its first year students to take a legal writing class.  Noah's book  -- at least the chapters that don't apply only to fiction -- should be  required reading.  This book is not just for authors seeking to be  published, but should be read by everyone who does some writing in part of  their daily life.  I'll keep this book on my shelf where it belongs, in  between Strunk and White, and the Chicago Manual of Style.
0684872153|5.0|If there is a memoir you are interested in reading for the year, it is this one.  Frank McCourt brilliantly describes the life of his childhood, a life some of us could only dream of.  He describes to the readers the many  hardships facing families growing up during Depression era in a poor town  in Ireland.  The struggles of his life were many, even with some days  having only crumbs to eat.  The reader can fully understand what it was  like to live in such poverty, and marvel at how Mr. McCourt got himself  over such a large hurdle.  I would definitely recommend this book to  anyone, but I warn you, it is not fairy tale.  Enjoy!
0783225733|5.0|Others have remarked well enough on the virtues of _Apollo 13_ as a film.  What makes the Special Edition DVD worth its purchase price, however, are the tons of extras that you get.  The story of the making of _Apollo 13_ is  at least as interesting, if nowhere near as harrowing, as the actual  moonshot itself, and this DVD gives you hours of material to walk you  through that process.  <br />Anyone who's interested in filmmaking will be  riveted by both the Ron Howard running film commentary and the hour-long  &quot;Making of&quot; documentary.  Perhaps even more intriguing is the  Marilyn and Jim Lovell audio track, in which you get to hear how Lovell  feels about Howard and Hanks made his movie.  This is made all the more  interesting and informative for the filmmaking student in that _Apollo 13_  wasn't just the retelling of Lovell's real-life experience, it's also the  film version of his book.  Getting his perspective both as narrative object  and storyteller is fascinating, as are Marilyn's observations on Kathleen  Quinlan's Academy-nominated performance.  <br />Combine all this with the  superb technical brilliance of the encoding here, and you've got a DVD  that's entirely worth the surprisingly modest price.
0440214041|4.0|Pelican Brief, like the other Grisham that I have read, is a stop everything else and read-til-the- end book.  I am so engrossed with his books and thoroughly enjoyed this one.
6304806434|1.0|Has there ever been a movie by Bruckheimer and/or Simpson and/or Michael Bay worth the celluloid it was filmed on?<br />Okay, Enemy of the State was a good flick ... but the everything else is trash, and most especially Con  Air.<br />Who in Hollywood figured this was a good idea?
B000002UYZ|4.0|My original rating is 4.5 due to the shameless way this album is sold and the justification is preserving the original format of the album.But hey,it's the Beatles,in all their glory going from a reckless band breaking  in a new drummer(Love Me Do,Please,Please Me) to a more polished act(I  Wanna Hold Your Hand,A Hard Days Night) and breaking new  grounds(Yesterday,We Can Work It Out)and pushing the barriers of pop  music(RUBBER SOUL,REVOLVER,Paperback Writer).From reading most of the  reviews, it seems the Beatles have somewhat falling out of favor,especially  by those who weren't born during the Beatles reign.I was born six months  after their break-up and the Beatles still are as influencial to me as REM  &amp; Beck.Some say &quot;they weren't great musician,the songs were  corny,they're outdated&quot;.Judging them by todays standards this may be  true.But if it weren't for the Beatles,pop music would be a very  uninteresting place.Sure John's chord strumming was a bit repetitive at  times,George's leads were copied from Chuck Berry &amp; Scotty Moore(who's  weren't)and Ringo's drumming had nothing on Kieth Moon.But what they lacked  in chops,they made up for in the music.Sure it started out as  &quot;bubblegum&quot; at first ,but their songs evolved and became more  complexed.As they pushed the bounderies of songwriting(using modes,and  changing keys in off the cuff places)their use of the recording studio was  amazing as well as their experimenting with other instrument(the string  quartet on Yesterday &amp; the sitar on Norwiegian Wood).Maybe those of you  who dis The Beatles should remember that some of these things we take for  granted in music were pioneered by them.And for every uptight snooty band  more interested in finding the lost chord should remember that the one's  who lack in musicianship are the ones who are the most ingenius(REM,The  Velvet Underground...).
6302206294|2.0|You know what I'm talking about; &quot;The Adventures of Robin Hood&quot; starring Errol Flynn. Comparing that classic film with this Costner drek is like comparing &quot;Road Warrior&quot; with......&quot;Water World&quot;?     The Flynn version is fun and light hearted. Costner's version is only  pandering to modern sensibilities.C'mon, the movie reeks of political  correctness Maid Marion fighting in black armor? Great a strong female  character, Morgan Freeman as Robin's sidekick? Hey, the wise token ethnic  character.(Sorry Morgan,you were good, but unnecessary)Christian Slater?  Stick him in for more youth appeal. If you must watch it, fast forward  through any parts that don't feature Morgan Freeman or Alan Rickman.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is some of the best, most accessible (and not in a bad way) techno music I've ever heard. My sister hates techno passionately, and she loves this CD.  There is not one song here that I don't like, but the best ones  are &quot;Porcelain&quot;, &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot; (my  favorite--one of the most beautiful songs I've heard in awhile),  &quot;Rushing&quot;, &quot;Natural Blues&quot;, and &quot;Everloving&quot;.   Also, Moby's essays in the jacket--on everything from the treatment of  prisoners to fundamentalist Christians--are very well-written and  interesting.
B00002Z88D|3.0|The orchestra work has about the complexity and creativity of video game music.  Which isn't necessarily bad, sometimes I enjoy video game music.  The first song I ever liked was the title theme to Ninja Gaiden for the  original Nintendo  =) To get an idea of what the album sounds like, listen  to the music from Playstation's &quot;Castlevania: Symphony of the  Night&quot;.  In all, S&amp;M isn't bad, and can be nice to listen to,  which is why I changed my rating from 2 to 3 stars.  Oh yeah, I think you  should know: James's vocals on this kinda suck
0684872153|5.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is an amazing story of a boy who struggles through a poor, strict Irish Catholic upbringing.  He tells how he feels honestly and straight forwardly.  It is an eye opener to what life was  like.  Best read, five stars.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Before you go out and waste your hard earned money on this piece of garbage, ask yourself one question. Am I a next generationer? If you said yes, than I would say go out and buy it. If you are the rest of the world  who said &quot;no&quot;, than stay away from this CD, screaming people, and  everything else that says Limp Whatever they're called. Somebody else said  that they aren't even a band. What were the record companies thinking? I  know exactly what they were thinking. They were thinking that a bunch of  braindead teenagers would definatly go and buy this piece of junk. They  were exactly right because a bunch of teens came and bought it. I have one  question for anybody who likes these people: what are you on?  Seriously!
0780622650|1.0|Sure, the special effects are slick, but there's not a single fresh thing about them.  And the special effects are the best part of the movie.  The storyline makes no sense at all. The dialog was terrible--most  unimaginative.  I like sci-fi, and hate to see it done so poorly.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I also have one word for everybody that rated it higher than 2 stars. WAKE UP AND SMELL THE WORLD. ALSO, LEARN TO SPELL
B00003XB8K|4.0|I found this CD to almost be a re-hash of Enigma's past. If you listen carefully, Enigma fans will find all sorts of references to all 3 of the group's former albums. Listening to this album after listening to the prior  three (all four in a row) the references are even more obvious. I would  have given this album 5 stars had the song &quot;Camera Obscura&quot; been  left off- it's about 1.5 minutes of a song with potential and then it's cut  off suddenly. It just doesn't fit. Still, the album is good overall and  worth buying.
B00000IQBL|4.0|Full metal jacket is a two part masterpiece by director stanley kubrick. It shows the dehumanizing effects war has by portraying a group of wanna-be grunts go through brutilizing boot camp, to the realities of hell in  vietnam. The film features great cinematography and gets away from the  jungle seen in most vietnam flics by taking the recruits throught the city  of hue during the tet offensive. The film follows pacifist Private  Joker(mathew modine) who dispite his cries for combat, struggles with the  realities of killing. This leads to a gripping and distubing ending. THe  other characters represent the brainwashed or soon to be killers the  marines are trying to breed. Intriguing characters and storyline make this  a cinematic hit.
B00003CWPR|5.0|There are so many things I love about this film, I hardly know where to begin!  Obviously Kubrick put a GREAT deal of love into every aspect of the film; into every moment.  Each scene lives in my memory indelibly; more  vividly than most of my own experiences save dreams bordering on visions.   I don't know how to respond to other reviewers' comments/difficulties  concerning the plot.  Perhaps it is far-fetched?  I admit that watching  this film is an extra-ordinary experience.  (Wasn't 2001 meant to be this  way as well?)  Nevertheless, I do feel that the story relates to our lives  in a very real and helpful way.  I felt the capacity for un-conditional  love affirmed in a most satisfying way, in the midst of overwhelming  temptation.  Also, the importance of sex ought not to be underestimated in  a marriage relationship.  This movie sincerely and most completely portrays  the emotional intricacy and beauty of this deeply personal subject.
B00000DATR|5.0|I've been a Mike Oldfield fan since the original Tubular Bells, and he hasn't yet produced anything I haven't liked or that I have found disappointing. Over the years he has produced some remarkable albums,  experimented with different techniques and sounds, yet at the same time  produced a sound that is almost instantly recognisable as his. I haven't  listened to &quot;Guitars&quot; yet (so apologies to those who think it's  better than TB3), but I think it's fair to say TB3 is his best yet - and  TB2 was a hard act to follow! TB3 has a strong, powerful, flowing thread  throughout the album, culminating in a very powerful and almost emotional  climax (the sound of the tubular bells made the hairs on the back of my  neck stand on end). Some criticism has been (in my opinion unfairly)  levelled at Mike for simply calling the album &quot;Tubular Bells 3&quot;,  but what's in a name? It's the music that is the important part, and  listening to this album you can almost feel the creative energy that went  into its production. My advice: even if you never buy another Mike Oldfield  album, buy this one!
068484267X|5.0|a depressing story told with heart warming humour the laughs  made the story    i love the way it was written
B00000K2SC|5.0|It has been some time since I have seen a great movie, however this past weekend I bought a movie titled the Matrix.  Not only did this movie have an unusual and very cool plot, but it had awesome 3D graphics.  Most movies  today have poor acting but this movie has great acting.  If you have ever  had a dream that seemed real then this movie will play around with your  mind a little bit.
B000002UAU|4.0|I'll get the tangential remarks out of the way first.  If I was forced at gunpoint to pick the all-time best album, I would say Pet Sounds (and I would only say this if forced at gunpoint).  Pet Sounds inspired Sgt.  Pepper's (as Paul McCartney will tell you) the same way Rubber Soul  inspired Pet Sounds (as Brian Wilson will tell you). For anybody who tries  to compare the Beatles to the Beach Boys, though, don't even try.  Ditto  for the Stones, Zeppelin, Hendrix, Dylan, etc.  There is no greatest band  ever. Anyone who says something like &quot;Don't listen to the Beatles, the  Stones are better&quot; (or vice versa; see reviews for Stones albums)  completely misses the point and in some part of their soul must really hate  music in general.  Anyone who likes music would not try to turn rock and  roll into some kind of popularity contest.  Listen-- and be amazed that  there is such good stuff out there. Personally, though, I wouldn't rate   Pepper at quite the top of the good stuff.  Revolver, Abbey Road, and  probably Rubber Soul are better and more fun.  If asked to reccomend a  Beatles purchase, I would say Past Masters Volume Two is the best single  introduction for the new fan.  Sgt. Pepper's was revolutionary in its  production, concept (though I wish that had been better developed) and  packaging.  Its weak point, as many have pointed out, is the songwriting,  but most of the songs are actualy quite good.  The first four and last four  vary between excellent and very good.  &quot;Fixing a Hole&quot; and  &quot;When I'm Sixty-Four&quot;, the two songs which bracket the dismal  middle, are only pretty good.  Of the middle, &quot;She's Leaving  Home&quot; and &quot;Within You Without You&quot; are musically okay but  very boring.  The only truly awful track is in the exact middle-  &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite.&quot; It's almost unlistenable,  and the worst Beatles song I can think of off the top of my head.  A lot of  people do seem to like it, though. Finally, I've noticed that here and in  other Beatles album reviews, a common complaint is that a ten-year-old  could have written the songs.  Ha! Far from being critcized, the Beatles  should be praised for making it all look so easy.  No phrase sums up the  Beatles' music better than &quot;deceptive simplicity.&quot;  Most of what  I've written has been said already in previous reviews, but this sums up my  opinion.  But quite wasting time.  Go out and find something good-- Beatles  or otherwise-- and listen! Enjoy!
0440219078|5.0|This book is about a kid named Jonas, who lives in a controlled world, with no fear, no pain, or no war. You might think he lives in a perfect world, Right? Wrong!  In the Community, there is no choices, colors, pleasure, weather,love, emotions, etc. You can not choose your job, spouse,  or anything like that. In the &quot;Ceremony of Twelve&quot;, 12 year olds  are assigned a job in the Community. Jonas is singled out, and gets special  training from The Giver. When Jonas becomes the &quot;Receiver of  Memory&quot;, The Giver gives him the memories of the far past; memories of  pain, fear, war, pleasure, colors,and love. (This book takes place in the  future) Jonas receives the truth.......<br />This book is VERY original in  it's plot, and it is interesting to see the point of view in Jonas's  controlled world. I like how Lois Lowry decribes the memories that The  Giver gave to him. She also well describes the way Jonas is feeling.  It is  a very thought-provoking book, which really makes you ponder. The ending  sort of leaves you hanging though. I have read this book 3 times, and every  time you read it, you understand more of this remarkable book. It just  never gets dull.  I read it first when I was in 4th grade,(I'm a good  reader) although I would recommend it to kids 11 and up. 5 STARS!
B00003XB8K|5.0|&quot;The Screen behind the Mirror&quot; is a strong, deep and intense album. Although very different, its incisiveness and emotional charge recalls closely the unforgettable &quot;MCMXC a.D.&quot; I always thought  that &quot;Cross&quot; and &quot;Le Roi&quot; were enjoyable but rather  pale compared to the first Enigma masterpiece, while this fourth album  really takes you back into the world of music, spirit and meditation.  &quot;Gravity of Love&quot; is the most beautiful song I ever listened to,  with the most evocative and poetic lyrics I ever read. It really touches  the soul as only some tracks from the first album can do; I will never get  tired of listening to it. &quot;Smell of Desire&quot; is a pleasing return  to the musical touches of &quot;MCMXC a.D&quot;. Try turning off the light  and taking a deep breath: you will realize that the emotional feelings it  evocates are the same. &quot;Modern Crusaders&quot; gives off a huge energy  charge that is immediately channeled into the more reflective  &quot;Traces&quot;, only to emerge back in &quot;Camera Obscura&quot;. In  my humble opinion, &quot;The Screen behind the Mirror&quot; is the deepest  and most evocative Enigma album since &quot;MCMXC a.D.&quot;
6302787564|5.0|Michael Douglas does a great job of displaying someone being pushed over the edge.  Robert Duvall gave a stellar performance as well.  This movie portrayed society in a big city very well.  This movie is a must see.  The  Whammy Burger scene is hilarious.
6300248569|2.0|I love Pride and Prejudice...both the book and movie, but I was less than impressed with this version....did not feel the romance, the flair. Garvie is beautiful..yes, but she is prettier than the Jane character...it is not  to be so. hated Darcy character...no life, no soul...in trying to be proud,  he killed the character.... very wooden. Just did not leave with a  satisfied feeling at all. The A&amp;E version though inconvenient being on  6 tapes...much better....of course I forgive the inconvenience because it  was a mini-series.
014017821X|5.0|Although I have read only the first story, the bloody chamber, I have to say it is a fantastic read with lots of suspense and heart-pounding horror.  The story is well-written and builds to an exciting climax.  The Bloody  Chamber is a prime example of how a short story ought to be written.
B00002MZ2T|3.0|Savage Garden makes the dreaded transistion to teen-pop with this album.  The lyrics are trully juvenile and lack poetic depth, but the arrangements are solid for pop music.. You'll like it if your 15 or younger.
B000002MTU|2.0|Clapton admirably tries his slowhand on the tunes of the old masters and comes up short.  We all know the incredible influence of the Delta blues style on much of Brittain's rock icons (Clapton/Stones/Led Zeppelin) and as  a tribute album, this might have been a fine effort.<br />Unfortunately,  Clapton now seems to view himself as one of the great blues guitarists of  the centruy.  One only need to go back and listen to Cream's  &quot;Crossroads&quot; to realize that his real talent is riffing on blues  themes and motiffs.  Here, as he tries to play straight blues, one only  becomes more aware of how much better and more soulful his influences were.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Every movie buff has seen or at least heard of this phenomenon of a movie. Coppola really shows his true colors with this one and out-does himself in every way, making something as simple as a conversation at a Bronx  Restaurant and making it one of the greatest scenes in film history. Pacino  and Brando shine in a wonderful cast including James Caan, Robert Duvall  and Diane Keaton. All these virtuous points gone along with Gordon Willis'  beautiful cinematography and Nino Rota's unforgettable score come together  to form one of the most brilliant and provocative crime stories ever made.  Some people get enough backbone to actually falsely call this movie  &quot;boring and too long.&quot; No, folks. That's Gone With The Wind.  People might have probably expected blood-o-rama with this one since it's a  mob movie, but in fact it's not really so much a mafia movie as it is a  movie about family. The violence and blood are only references explaining  as to why the Corleones face so many problems. Why Michael had to leave the  country, why Johnny Fontaine got the role, why Brando decided to end the  war. Considered by many to be the greatest film ever (and rightly so), this  baby is ranked on mostly every major top 10 film list around the country.  Do I reccomend it? Highly. Even if you haven't seen it, it's definetely  worth buying.
B000002KAT|4.0|Not that I would ever badmouth rock music. Anyway, this a GREAT jazz/folk album. Sure it's the best non-rock album of all-time, but seriously, what's the competition? &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;?  &quot;Burnin' For  Buddy&quot;?  No thanks. The problem with jazz music is that most of those  &quot;cats&quot; (my absolute least favorite music related word ever) like  Wynton Marsalis seem to think that being a virtuoso SOMEHOW makes you a  better musician than your normal average Prodigy or Fatboy Slim (two  &quot;bands&quot; that can't play any instruments and yet their albums are  about 50 bajillion times better than anything Wynton has ever come up  with). I'm sorry but NEWS FLASH: All those awful awful boring jazz  millionaires that play 50,000,000 notes a minute CAN'T COMPARE to the  greatness that is in this here slab o' vinyl (or aluminum if you buy it on  CD)!  &quot;Young Lovers Do&quot; (the only real jazz song on here) is  awesome because it has an actual MELODY, &quot;Madame George&quot; is  awesome because of the &quot;And the love that loves the love that loves  the love that loves the love that loves to love the love that loves to love  the love that loves&quot; and the breathtakingly beautiful string  arrangement melody at the end. &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is awesome because  of the nonvirtuoistic bass solo at the end. It sounds like the guy's just  messing around, but he draws more feeling out of it than James Jamerson  EVER could. &quot;Ballerina's cool because of the &quot;ring the bell&quot;  bit. And &quot;Slim Slow Slider&quot; is cool because of its moody detached  death like feel. And the whole &quot;I know you're dying baby and I know  you know it too.&quot; is reminiscent of &quot;T.B. Sheets&quot;, one of  the greatest songs ever written. Yeah sure there's a few throwaways  &quot;Cypress Avenue&quot; and &quot;Beside You&quot; (except of course the  four &quot;You breathe in; you breathe out&quot;s). If you're a jazz-head  PLEASE give this albuma spin. You don't KNOW how great jazz can be if all  you listen to is boring Duke Ellington and Miles Davis all the time!
6305627347|5.0|There is not much that can't be said for the Matt Stone/Trey Parker classic South Park:Bigger,Longer,Uncut that probably hasn't been said already. Trey Parkers solid music writing along with witty and dead-on  satirical dialog is destined to become a modern day classic. This cartoon,  though loved by my 16 and 13 year old boys, is definately not for everyone  and all should be aware that it is not written for kids.  Trey Parker has  always been very up front on his writting for adults.  Just look at  &quot;Orgazmo&quot; and &quot;Cannibal - The Musical&quot;.   Be a  responsible parent, if you don't want your child hearing cartoon children  using foul language, don't let them watch.  But don't let that stop you  from a side-splitting good time with Cartman and the gang.
080017948X|5.0|GROUNDHOG DAY IS A TERRIFIC MOVIE TO WATCH WITH YOUR CHILDREN. BILL MURRAY IS AT HIS BEST. WE HAVE BEEN WATCHING THIS MOVIE FOR THE LAST FOUR YEARS ON GROUNDHOG'S DAY.  MY 11 YEAR OLD AND 8 YEAR OLD  THINK IT'S GREAT.  THIS  YEAR MY 77 YEAR OLD MOTHER JOINED US.  SHE LOVED IT TOO.
B000000OQF|5.0|APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION. No review necessary, the music speaks for itself.  GUNS is and was the most honest band there ever was and ever will be.  13 years from now, will you remember Kid Rock, NO. Fred Durst - NO.   But after 13 years, be it good or bad, when you hear the name Axl or Slash  - YOU REMEMBER and you'll NEVER FORGET.
B000001F7R|5.0|Def Leppard's 1st album release in 1980 is an instant classic. To me, this album and High n Dry are there best. But after Pyromania, they lost their NWOBHM sound. This album and High n Dry are classics, I never get tired of  these albums because they represent the NWOBHM era. After all these years,  these albums still headbang. They are just so early 80's. But one thing,  they should remaster and repackage this album and High n Dry. Classic  tracks off this album are &quot;Rocks Off&quot;, It Could Be You&quot; and  the killer epic &quot;Overture&quot;. Get this album, it headbangs.
630575067X|3.0|In writing this review i will compare The Phantom Menace to the other Star Wars movies. First off the sound. The music in the Phantom Menace is mostly disapointing, besides the excellent 'Duel of Fates' the music is either  repeated or not very good. 'The Imperial March' from Empire is far better  than 'Duel of Fates'. In terms of story The Phantom Menace is fairly  adequate, the plot is very difficult to detect and some people may think  that it doesn't have one. In terms of set pieces i think that The Phantom  Menace has only two real exciting moments, the lightsaber duel in the  reactor core and the deployment of the droids onto the battlefield. These  set pieces are both mediocre when compared to: the battle of Hoth, the  asteroid chase, the duel on Cloud City, The first attack run, the second  attack run, the space battle in Jedi and the speeder bike chase. I really  didn't like the podrace. Now, here comes the big surprise, Even the effects  aren't as good. I may sound mad but the models and puppets they used for  the classic trilogy are for more realistic than The Phantom Menace's CGI  effects. Overall The Phantom Menace comes third in the Star Wars quadology,  lagging behind the exciting and deep Empire, the exciting and not so deep  Jedi but still ahead of the not so exciting and not so deep A New Hope.
B000000OF6|5.0|I'AM ONLY 13 I HAVE BEEN LESTLING TO ROCK SINCE I WAS 8. ONE OF THE FIRST BANDS I HEARD WAS QUEEN I LOVE IT! THIS WAS THE 2 QUEEN CD I GOT. FIRST I GOT NEWS OF THE WORD ON TAPE BUT THIS GOT ME HOOK! I HAVE HAD IT SINCE 1997  IT HAS ALL OF THAIR HITS  LIKE *BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY*,WE WILL ROCK YOU,AND  SOMBODY TO LOVE. IT IS THE BEST QUEEN HAS MADE!  I WOULD BUY IT TRUST A DIE  HARD QUEEN FAN I WOULD BUY IT. THIS IS PROOF THAT ( MURCURY WILL LIVE  FOREVER! )
0440219078|4.0|The Giver was a good book. When Jonas became Receiver, and everything leading up to it, it was good.  Getting the memories-wonderful description.  The great escape- a wonderful plot thickening twist.  But when the ending  came, I was so dissapointed, I could have thrown up.  The ending left more  questions unanswered than Full Disclosure.  I hope that others can figure  out what happens in the ending better than I can, because I want the  satisfaction of closure over having to figure out (if it's possible) wha  happens to our main character.
B000000OF6|5.0|I'AM ONLY 13 I HAVE BEEN LESTLING TO ROCK SINCE I WAS 8. ONE OF THE FIRST BANDS I HEARD WAS QUEEN I LOVE IT! THIS WAS THE 2 QUEEN CD I GOT. FIRST I GOT NEWS OF THE WORD ON TAPE BUT THIS GOT ME HOOK! I HAVE HAD IT SINCE 1997  IT HAS ALL OF THAIR HITS  LIKE *BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY*,WE WILL ROCK YOU,AND  SOMBODY TO LOVE. IT IS THE BEST QUEEN HAS MADE!  I WOULD BUY IT TRUST A DIE  HARD QUEEN FAN I WOULD BUY IT. THIS IS PROOF THAT ( MURCURY WILL LIVE  FOREVER! )
B000002MY3|3.0|I received this CD with Supposed Infatuation Junkie (her 2nd) and concert tickets. Jagged is a mediocre album, the bright spot is &quot;Hand in my pocket.&quot; That song along may be worth the cost of listening to the  rest of this cd. Her concert was fabulous. Her 2nd album shines and shows  real maturity, lyricism and honesty. I truly recommend it over this  debut.<br />As a side note, I was in a seedy little blues club in the lower  east side in NYC, when a girl in the club requested to sing &quot;hand in  my pocket&quot; on an acoustic guitar, solo. The band allowed her to play;  it was a great experience to be there and was the highlight of the night.  That song truly makes this album.
6304372620|5.0|You will remember this movie and its message long after the final credits.  The story is a piercing look at reality in the juvenille detention system.  Characters are played to perfection by both the young set of actors in the  first quarter of the film, and the older set including Brad Pitt and Jason  Patric.<br />As always, anything Robert De Niro does sticks with you.  His  portrayal of the priest with a moral and ethical choice to make in order to  save these boys (long time friends from their childhood)will help you  understand why this film stirred up such controversy when it was released.<br />Whether the book is based on a true story or not isn't relevant.  You  must believe that the horrors these boys endured at the hands of cruel  prison guards, Kevin Bacon is the convincing bad guy!] goes on each hour in  facilities like this.  The long term negative effects of abuse are  undocumented since so much of the pain is hidden deep within the victims  and too brutal to ever talk about.<br />The frustration for me with this film  came in seeing the way is ultimately turned out for the two on trial after  all the work the friends did to help.  See for yourself -- I won't ruin the  story by giving it away.
B000006MS3|5.0|I've been a fan since &quot;Kick Inside.&quot; This album is Kate's best and shows the maturity of her as an artist and lyricist. In my opinion, this is a trilogy with Hounds Of Love and Kick Inside. I know, it may seem  bizarre but these are the only 3 albums you need (and I say that as an  owner of everything Kate has released).<br />Fans of Tori Amos, cocteau twins,  Sheryl Crow, Beth Orton, PJ Harvey, etc. will love this album.<br />Do  yourself a favor buy all 3 albums. Do not miss, Suspended in Gaffa on this  album. This song alone says everything that Alanis Morrisette or Fiona  Apple try to say.
B000002UAX|5.0|This album really is brilliant. I admit there are a couple of fillers (I think the lower points are unsensational songs such as Blackbird, Julia, Don't Pass Me By, Wild Honey Pie, and Why Don't We Do It In The Road).  Otherwise, however, this is classic Beatles. Even the lesser songs are  better than many band's best songs. There are some really high points: Back  In The U.S.S.R., Glass Onion, Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da, Bungalow Bill, While My  Guitar..., Happiness Is A Warm Gun, Rocky Raccoon, Birthday, Yer Blues,  Sexy Sadie, Helter Skelter, Revolution 1 &amp; 9, Goodnight. Many good  songs. The interesting thing here is that almost every song on the whole  album represents a genre or sub-genre. The Beatles even invent a genre of  their own in the most bizarre and weird song ever written - Revolution 9.  It is one of the best songs - am I the only one on this site to think so?  Helter Skelter (Beatles' heaviest song) is surprisingly good. Overall very  original - a good attempt by the Beatles to go through many genres.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Diva may be the wrong word for Sarah Brightman. Celine Dion and Whitney Houston are divas. Sarah is destined to be a legend in opera. She is one of the greatest sopranos ever to grace the stage. Yes, she may be only  5'2&quot;, but it's amazing how well she can carry her voice, considering  most sopranos are larger than her. She shows great diversity in her album  choices, and 'Eden' is one of the best. It doesn't reek of Andrew Lloyd  Webber, but gives considerable depth to her voice, and expands it as she  never has before. Many say she has been overhyped by the media; I think she  hasn't received enough. Bravo, Sarah, or should I say Brava. I can't wait  for the next album.
0684872153|5.0|I thought it was a wonderful book. It really makes you appreciate your life and what you have. I am glad that he decided to share his childhood with the world. It is a very honest book and I don't know many people who  would have the courage to write about their most private moments as he has.  It is a very beautifully written book, you can actually hear the accents as  you read. Although it is a sad story, he was very good at adding some humor  to it. I can't wait to read 'Tis.
0440234743|3.0|I labored a bit thru this Grisham effort.  It starts off with a bang and very interesting premise that really gets sidetracked.  It rallies late, but only enough for me to award 3 stars.
0792156684|4.0|This was an excellent portryal of a fictional love story that took place on an actual disaster.  It had a great soundtrack and the orchestral background was strong, just like classic James Horner.  I wouldn't be  giving away the ending if I mentioned that the ship sunk at the end, which  to me was great effects.  I only disliked one part of this film, you  guessed it, Leonardo Dicaprio.  Somebody shoot him please.  He's a terrible  actor, and somebody else could have done a lot more with such a wonderful  part in the film.
0449227545|2.0|I wish I had read the reviews before reading this book, however it was a gift so I dove in. Follett is one of my favorite authors, but this book doesn't even seem to have been written by him. It reads like it was written  for a cheeseball action movie. It would probably appeal to a high school  level boy. Follett has written some fabulous books, too many to mention.  Pick one of them and pass on this dog.
078323077X|2.0|An entertaining movie with a no brainer plot.  Bruce Willis actually portrayed his character well but I couldn't get by the terrible Irish accent by Richard Gerbil whoops I mean Richard Gere.  I would reccommend   the movie to be rented but not bought, unless you're like me and you just  like the site of your collection getting bigger.  In that case, buy the  Dolby Digital version and save some dough.  There really isn't a whole lot  to take advantage of the DTS capabilities here.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I bought this cd a few weeks ago, and I've enjoyed listening to it ever since.  I highly reccommend this to all who have the first three cds, or have any of the first three.
B000002MY3|4.0|I really enjoyed listening to Jagged Little Pill.  She really has a strong voice and she says what some people are afraid to say.  I will admit, I only got the cd at first because I liked the sound of Ironic.  I can't say  the same about Hand In My Pocket or You Oughta Know.  Then I listened to  the rest of the cd.  I really liked the messages that she sent with songs  like Perfect, Forgiven, and Head Over Feet.  There were a lot of qualities  that people could relate to.  It's not at all like some of the stuff that  is playing nowadays.  I mean, how much can you take of songs about people's  love lives (or lack thereof)?  I find myself being a fan of Alanis, even  though not all of her work is incredible.  Take pride in the small things  and check this album out.  Disappointment is not really an option with the  variety she presents.
B000002I99|5.0|This was my favorite album in 1975 when I was six years old.  I hadn't heard it in years, but bought the CD on a whim recently.  I had forgotten how creative and fantastic this compilation really is!  Every single song  is either catchy or moving, with captivating music.  The way he sings fast  and stammers on a couple parts of Some Folks is unique; and yes, the Years  Ago, Steven, and The awakening trilolgy are hauntingly wonderful.  <br />One  review here dated in July 1999 mentions the &quot;hidden meaning&quot; in  the writing of Steven.  Perhaps I'm naive, but I don't know the hidden  meaning and would love to be informed.<br />This album is a very interesting  and creative masterpiece and I recommend it to anyone -- Alice fan or not!   Who wouldn't snap their fingers to Some Folks or sing heartily to the  &quot;Love me&quot; part of The Black Widow or be moved to just the music  and singing alone of Steven?   I challenge anyone!    :)    ~Jill
B000001Y5X|4.0|This is a great album. The beginning half of the album isn't as good as the second, but it's not bad. It is very original, and has great art (Like the claymation cover). A must have for any Manson fan.
6305313687|5.0|A graphic and disturbing portrayal of being a skinhead(egg head).  About the most disturbing aspect of this film is that you can't help yourself empathising with anti-hero derek through his eloquent monologues. Ignore  the ill-fitting score and some of the more stylised shots that would look  more at home in an old spice advert and just emerse yourself in one of the  most chilling films of recent times.  Remember, you can't make an omelette  without breaking eggs.
B00003XB8K|3.0|Enigma 4:  Enigma without focus.<br />1.  The album begins without &quot;the voice of Enigma,&quot; and ends without returning to the musical theme of their traditional intro.  This may in part be due to the fact that the  whole album lacks unity:  while Cretu &amp; co. semi-unify the songs with  Orff samples, the style itself seems more like a romp across the previous  three albums-here we get echoes of E1, there E2 and there E3.  While many  of the songs are worthy unto themselves (especially those without vocals)  others are not so good.  Nonetheless, whereas the other albums could be  listened to strait through as one extended work (this concept could even be  pushed to include a listening of all three albums back to back), this one  cannot, unless you are willing to make reckless stylistic leaps of  faith.<br />2.  While Cretu obviously took some of the criticism of E3 to  heart and curtailed his own singing on this album, the voices (mostly  distorted) are less compelling on this album than on either of the first  two.<br />3. Orff:  a good thing.  Though some reviewers have lambasted  Enigma's use of the oft-sampled Carmina Burana, I do think the use of it on  E4 is appropriate and for the most part well done; I actually found myself  wishing Cretu had sampled more of it.  From the end of track 1, when the  theme of CB is first introduced, I was excited that Cretu had chosen this  piece to play around with as it seems a natural match for Enigma.  The dark  majesty of the piece Enigma-style is compelling, but because of the  unification issues highlighted above, CB gets lost in the shuffle.<br />4.   This album is far too short (about 40 minutes) and this has been a problem  with previous Enigma albums, though never one so grievous.<br />5.  Cover art:   while certainly (E)enigmatic, in both senses of the term, it is not up to  par with E3.  E1's art was horrible (they should have gone the black and  white monk page on the inside), E2's was interesting, thoughnot  captivating, and E3's--while a little too mechanical, and therefore a bit  coldly off-putting--captured Enigma perfectly and remains the epitome of  what cover art should be.  The cover of E4 will instantly remind many of  Eyes Wide Shut, but perhaps (when taken with the photos on the inside) is  merely reflective of the same kinds of issues related above:  though the  color scheme is consistent, the selected images are varied, and, perhaps  most revealingly:  MCXC a.D. was followed by Enigma 2 and Enigma 3, but  nowhere on this disc is it labeled Enigma 4...because of this, I suspected  something would be different about this disc before even listening to it,  putting it in the CD player, I at first thought, cool, its not such a  departure (and verily, it isn't) but then these other problems arose.<br />6.   Cretu needs to listen to some new music and incorporate new samples.  While  some tracks make rhythmic explorations new to Enigma (syncopation mostly),  others rehash previous drum beats.  Further, again, while the Orff use is  definitely appreciated, samples need to be more at the forefront of the  music as in E1 and E2.<br />  7.  Possible solutions:  Find David Fairstein  and get him to help Cretu.  Yes, the first album was the best because it  was at least a quasi-collaboration:  Cretu, while extremely talented, tends  to wander at times and needs ol' Dave to keep him balanced.  Also, don'  take so damn long between albums!  Part of the problem could be thought  stagnation.  It would be sad to have to listen to Enigma decline into  nothingness when its promise a decade ago spawned so much good music and  opened my generation up to whole new worlds of sound.  If Cretu can reclaim  the identity of E1-3 while maturing, E5 will be awesome.  I sincerely Cretu  takes his listeners to heart and blesses us with an E5 that is as  spectacularly innovative as E1.<br />I give it 2.5 stars (though Amazon  doesn't offer that option) and give Cretu the benefit of the doubt.
1573226521|5.0|This book is an incredible accomplishment for a 27 year old writer's first book.  It's a stranger in a strange land....suspensful, full of surprises and danger in a seeming paradise.  I immensely enjoyed this fast read.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I first saw previews for this movie at the theatre, I immediately thought it was going to be one of those mindless fighting movies with some macho kick boxer type starring in it. Alas, I was wrong.  Fight Club not  only proved to be intelligent, it actually went beyond anything I expected.  It was beautifully shot, heald a great story line and plot, and basically  kicked all around. If you havn't seen this movie, you should.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Bought by Steven Spielberg for Dream Works Pictures, the screenplay of \\"American Beauty\\" was given to the British director Sam Mendes under just one condition: \\"Don't change even a line\\". Result: the movie is being acclaimed by American and international press and, due to its favoritism (American Beauty is the winner of three Golden Globes: best screenplay, director and picture). And it is just Sam Mendes' first film.<br />\\"American Beauty\\" is one of those unusual motion pictures, that eventually arises to show that the industry of American cinema is not restricted to commercial productions to be consumed by the public, without any sense of criticism. It is a light narrative, which constantly sways between comedy and drama, starring Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening, that concerns the appearances of our lives, based on the relationship of a suburban and contemporary American family. What the movie try to and does demonstrate is that, in fact, nothing is what appears to be. (that is why the movie tagline \\"... look closer\\" makes sense) In \\"American Beauty\\", almost all the characters pretend or seem to be what they really don't are. All except Lester Burnham, the character performed by Kevin Spacey, who, with nothing to lose, do vanish all appearances, starting to behave like a teenager, as a try to escape from the familiar coma. Slowly, this brilliant story discard the apparent American beauty. There is no more American way of life, there is just life. And the beauty can be found in the most ordinary things of life. We just need to look closer. And this is the essence of the movie, this is what makes it special, an excellent American film, with excellent screenplay, direction and performances.<br />Hollywood makes history with \\"American Beauty\\", marking a time of turning its attention to more mature and better written scripts. Now, it is going to be perfect if the public accepts this new style of American movie and start to face cinema as an art and not a mere entertainment. So, take a look! We don't see a film like this every time we go to the movies.ment. So, take a look! We don't see a film like this every time we go to the movies.
B000023VR6|2.0|This CD is a quality effort by dre but I was expecting much more than what I actually got from the CD.  I dunno the beats just weren't creative and there was only one good bass song...there are only 2 songs I ever listened  more than once or twice on this CD: the one featuring Eminem (&quot;Forgot  About Dre&quot;), and track 21 (&quot;Bang Bang&quot;).  The beats didn't  really interest me, unlike his first CD.   If you have the same musical  tastes as everyone else out there, buy this album...cuz obviously a bunch  of peeps like it (as u can tell from all these friggin reviews).  However,  if u think you only like creative beats and good melodies and stuff then  maybe consider getting something else (like Jay-Z...now that's a tight CD)
B000035Z1Z|5.0|It is rare that I rent a movie and actually watch it twice before returning it to the store.  But, with &quot;French Kiss&quot;, I watched it three times and enjoyed it more and more with every viewing.  This is a  very cute and enjoyable film which any fan of Meg Ryan, Kevin Klein, or  romantic comidies will enjoy.  Both the acting and scenery are also  fantastic.  While the movie is wonderful, I found the DVD to be pretty weak  as far as extra features are concerned.  Scene selection and trailers just  doesn't cut it these days.  I would have really liked a behind the scenes  section or any other interesting tid-bits that could have been put on the  disc (I think an actors/dirctor comentary would have been great too).  The  transfer is really good though and the colors displayed during the country  side scenes are fantastic.  I highly recommend this film to just about  anybody.
B000005H40|5.0|Coltrane's first great album as a bandleader.  If you are into jazz, you probably already have this album.  If you are not into jazz, buy this first.  A great introductory point.  The only problem with starting off  your jazz collection with this hard-bob gem is that jazz doesn't get much  better, in my lonely opinion.  The new reissue disc is an enhanced cd, and  plays like a Coltrane web site with concert footage and interviews.   Immaculate.  Lazy Bird and Miracles are stellar.  Also, check out  &quot;Monk With Coltrane,&quot; and &quot;Cookin' With The Miles Davis  Quintet.&quot;
B00001QGPR|5.0|Some people love what Bowie did in the 70s, and hate 'hours...'. Some people love what he did with his last two or three albums, and hate 'hours...'. Some people love 'hours...' and hate Outside and Earthling.  You're all wrong. This isn't better or worse than his work as a whole  (excluding the 80s...this is much much better than the 80s). It's  different. You guys should have figured out by now, if you're Bowie fans,  that the man does what he wants to do. So judge the album not on how much  it resembles something else he's done--because it really doesn't--but on  how well the songs succeed at what they're trying to do.<br />Also, nobody  seems to listen to Bowie when he says it's not autobiographical. It's not.  It really isn't. It's no more autobiographical than Ziggy Stardust  was.<br />That said, I really like this album. Thursday's Child gets kind of  tiresome, especially with Holly Palmer's backing vocals (after listening to  many live recordings with Holly and Emm on backing vocals, I got thoroughly  sick of their inability to sing in tune) and If I'm Dreaming My Life needs  to have the last 2 minutes chopped off, but the rest rank among my favorite  hundred Bowie songs.<br />I was going to give the album only 4 stars, but then  I realized that, even though I have the CD, I still take every chance I can  when I play Omikron to buy the 'Transcans' with the songs on them and play  them in Kay'l's apartment. So I guess I like it more than even I realize.  :)
B00003CXBK|5.0|You just HAVE to vote for this DVD to be produced.  If you haven't seen this movie yet in the theatres yet, you must, because it is the most beautiful, thought provoking movie ever made.  It is so amazning, that  words can't even describe it.  PLEASE, PLEASE, vote for this video and see  for yourself.  You will be amazed.        If you have seen the movie at the  theatre and want it to come to the US, make sure and submit your e-mail  address(es).  Even submit your friend's email!  (with their permission.)   If you REALLY want this DVD to be made, write a review here to get other  people to submit their emails!  ^_~
B00001U0DP|5.0|I ended up seeing this amazing gem of a film very late.  Like those who saw the Oscar Ceremony in '99 where Director/Star Robert Benigni seemed to be &quot;all over&quot; the ceremony, I wondered 'Who is this guy and why  should I care?'.  I hadn't seen his &quot;little&quot; film at that time.  <br />I was firmly convinced that &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; (which I did  see) was the most important film of 1999, way more important than the fun  but low-cal, fat-free &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;.  I still stand by  that conviction -- but make room for TWO important movies from 1999 by  adding &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot;.<br />As affecting as &quot;Ryan&quot;  was, Benigni's &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; brings humanity -- even  simplicity -- to serious subject matter in a way no film maker has done  since Charlie Chaplin.  That's a bold claim, but rent &quot;Modern  Times&quot; (or Chaplin's lesser &quot;The Great Dictator&quot;) and then  watch Benigni's film.  Surely, he was a &quot;student&quot; of Chaplin  films, but he does not merely copy Chaplinesque filmmaking.  That would be  too easy and not worthy of praise -- he takes it and extends it out.  And  the differences Benigni shows between Europeans themselves (Italians and  Germans in particular) are extremely clever and telling about even modern  relationships within Europe.<br />The scene where he &quot;translates&quot;  the German guard's orders to the men/prisoners at the concentration camp --  in a way so that his son still &quot;believes&quot; in the game -- is one  of the greatest comedy moments I frankly have ever seen on film.  It's not  only effective, it's extremely bold, given the tightrope-walking nature of  the subject matter.  Even with the subtitles, NOTHING gets lost in the  translation.<br />In conclusion, I can see where people would criticize this  &quot;little&quot; film for its simplistic and fairly unrealistic handling  of the holocaust. But I don't think that's the point of thisfilm.  Benigni  does not pretend to have a &quot;Schindler's List&quot; here.  The human  spirit is the star and the hero, the Holocaust is the villain that tests  it.<br />See it view it, let it affect you for the way it deals with a simple,  single human being's ability to preserve the human spirit in himself and  also protect that spirit in his own son and wife, despite all odds against  them.<br />I don't think anybody who has a sense of history and is a father or  mother of a child, or even just can relate to it as a son or daughter  themselves, can see this movie, be open to it, and not designate seeing it  as a possible changing point in your own life.  Like other famous  &quot;events&quot; in your life, you'll remember the day/night you first  saw &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot;, where you were and who you saw it  with.<br />NOW I know what all the fuss was about over that funny little man  at the Oscars in March 1999. (By the way, the clips/trailers they show for  this film do not in any way do it justice.)<br />I don't often plonk down $30  for a DVD. With this film, it was a no brainer.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This CD is the best.  I have listened to Alanis off and on and this CD is so good that I have not been able to listen to anything else.  New songs are awesome.  Listen to Princes Familiar.  I also really liked &quot;I was  Hoping&quot; and &quot;Queen of Pain&quot;. Alanis sings with such raw  emotion and if you like music that touches your heart and soul, LISTEN TO  THIS CD!
6301697707|1.0|Where do I begin?<br />I have already wasted precious minutes of my life writing a review for &quot;THE WORST MOVIE EVER MADE&quot;<br />And you can quote me on that.<br />First off, where does someone get an idea for making a  movie like this? Are they mentally insane or just flat-out stupid? I can  imagine the directors and producers talking to each other at a meeting  saying things like &quot;Hey, if we just borrow elements from  &quot;Aliens&quot; and &quot;Redneck Rampage&quot; and splice it all  together and then add some cardboard acting and a plot that could've been  written by a 7 year old and then top it off with a soundtrack that is so  horrible you couldn't force a deaf man to listen to it, we'll have a movie  that is so stupid and cliched that our only target audience will be 8 year  old kids who don't know any better and 40 year old men who should know  better. Hopefully, enough morons go see it. If not, it's no big loss--it  only cost 20 grand to make.&quot;<br />I didn't know what a horrible movie was  until &quot;Tremors&quot; came around. And today, whenever I hear that  name, I cringe.<br />By the grace of god, this movie will be forgotten about.  <br />Great movies like the &quot;STAR WARS TRILOGY&quot; are the best today  and they will be in the future.<br />TREMORS was NEVER ANYTHING except  GARBAGE!
B0000041LO|5.0|All too often, among the great triumvirate of High Classical composers, Haydn is given short-shrift, and many who love Mozart and Beethoven often know almost nothing of Haydn's music.  Perhaps the &quot;jolly Papa Haydn&quot; image gets in the way.  But Haydn is the true peer of his two  younger disciples, as they themselves would have affirmed. And indeed did  affirm-- Mozart quite openly and Beethoven, during his youth, grudgingly  (though in later life his appreciation of his old master was expressed much  more freely).  Even Haydn lovers often know only the symphonies, string  quartets, oratorios, a piano sonata or two, and the Trumpet concerto.  What  a revelation then are these trios!  As the Amazon reviewer pointed out, the  role of the cello is to enrich the bass line (though it also sings at times  with the violin); the combination gave a tonal palette with which Haydn's  incredibly fertile invention ran rampant!  Even the early trios are  delightful; and the later ones are often unqualified masterpieces.  The  well-known Gypsy rondo, for example, is boisterous Haydn at his best; the  wonderful C Major Trio, Hoboken 27, ends with a sonata-allegro finale of  dazzling virtuosity, including a thrilling development section; Hoboken 28  in E Major is outstanding in many ways -- the piano in the first movement  mimicking  the pizzicato in the strings; the second movement is truly  remarkable:  a chaconne or passacaglia (a Baroque form) yet displaying  Classical period melodic and tonal structure, and finally a prescience of  Romantic period climax.  It is dark and haunting and altogether original.   And at the end of the carefree finale, there is a reminiscence of this  passacaglia-- years before Beethoven's Fifth or Ninth symphonies made the  procedure mainstream.  The trios are remarkably individuated and always  engaging.  And this recording!  Magisterial. The rich tones of the  instruments fit the music beautifully.  Other trios have tried it since but  nonehave equalled, let alone surpassed this recording.  (People addicted  to the acidic and grating sound of &quot;period&quot; performances may  balk, but if Haydn himself were here to choose I think he'd choose this  record hands down!)  The Penguin Guide beautfifully summed up this 9-disc  set:  &quot;Here is music that is sane and intelligent; a balm to the  spirit in a troubled world.&quot; And &quot;Not may recordings can be  hailed as a classic in the sense of the Schnabel recordings of the  Beethoven sonatas -- this can.&quot;  If you love the Classic  period, if you love chamber music, if you love beautiful music in general,  this will be a wonderful acquisition!
6303589170|5.0|Usually when I hear the word &quot;science fiction,&quot; a shudder runs down my spine. Films that have $50 million in special effects, and no plot whatsoever drive me crazy. This film, though labeled as &quot;science  fiction,&quot; is in fact more of a great love story. It is like E.T.,  because it involves an alien (Jeff Bridges, in one of his most incredible  performances) being stranded on Earth.  The alien takes human form and  coerces a woman, Jenny (Karen Allen) into driving him to his final  destination.  If he does not get there in three days, he will die.  Of  course, they fall in love along the way, and of course, they are being  chased by government agents. But what makes this sci-fi so different from  the rest is that it concentrates less on dazzling special effects and more  on the story between Starman and Jenny. What you end up with is a touching  love story with one of the most bittersweet endings I've ever seen. I love  this film, and I think that everyone else will, too.
6300181464|4.0|I once watched this movie and On The Beach on the same day. I don't recommend it unless you want to feel depressed. This is one of the all time classic 'warning' movies, along with Soylent Green, The Day The Earth Stood  Still and On The Beach.  They should be part of the school curriculum,  rather that such subjects as Economics. This movie helped my understanding  of the environment and its importance.  I first saw the movie when I was  ten and then spent twenty years trying to find the video. All I can say is  it was worth it.
0385484518|5.0|I can not sing the praises of this book enough.  It is a wonderful work that you will find your self reflecting on for months after reading.  Although the content is somewhat saddening, as death usually is, I felt  waves of warmth rush over my body as i flipped through each wonderful page.   I was truly fulfilled upon finishing it and have recommended it to readers  as well as non-readers alike.  Read this book.  It will change you life.
6301647734|5.0|The magnificent James Stewart in top form will delight viewers of all ages. He shows that if you spend your life hurrying around, you'll miss out on living. Slow down, smell the roses, notice that someone loves you, etc.  <br />The movie also demonstrates that anyone can be defined as insane (of  course, it depends on your definition of sanity in the first place).  Watch  the movie, be happy, look out the window and enjoy life!
B00000K19E|5.0|Buy it! <br />(if you like special effect and action
B000003NA3|5.0|This is a dream come true Cd Box set.  4 solid Cds of total jamming. Eric Dolphy and John Coltrane take you to a world you don't want to leave.  Elvin Jones is a groove machine. (What I wouldn't give to work with a  drummer like Elvin!) The other reviewers are correct: I can't find WORDS to  describe how astounding this record is. The only thing I can say is: I  could not live without this box set in my posession. It is THAT GOOD.
0060925000|4.0|Ever since i saw this book it took me long to gather courage to read such a book.  And much longer to complete it.  The moment i completed the last page of throwing oranges to a group of monkeys, it made me feel that it was  worth reading.  The characters pictured here are really amazing.  How all  the varities of human life can be stored in a single brain of Mr.Seth.   That wonders me. Till now. I can't escape the thoughts of Lata, Maan,  Kabir, Haresh, Varun , Meehakshi, Kakoli, Mrs Rupa Mehra, Arun, Pran and  all those.  I liked Maan's heart, Lata's sensibilities, Malati's  companionship, Mrs Mehra's responsibilities, Pran's arguments,  Kabir's  Passion, Haresh's practicability,  Amit's poetry,  Firoz's friendship,  Arun's angriness,  Varun's simplicity, Mahesh Kapoor's politics, Saeeda  Bai's Ghazals, Meenakshi's cleverness, Bhaskar's calculations, Priya's  talks, Kedarnath's efforts and in the end Seth's picturisation of the whole  of it.  In the end what wonders me more than anything else is the way it's  composed.  While reading it if someone asks you where in the world are you  ?  You can't escape unaswering it as Brahmpur, Cawnpur or in Saeeda Bai's  concert no matter wherever you are.<br />That's sure.<br />Definitely it's going  to help one socialise, and take life as it is.  <br />Thank you Seth.  You  have managed it to get what you have wanted out of it, perhaps.<br />Thank You.<br />Rupesh
B000003489|5.0|This was the first Jazz CD I ever bought and I have been an addict since. To this day, it still floors me. Not every tune on Giant Steps is as fast as the &quot;fully-automatic&quot; assault which is COUNTDOWN, in fact  there are some really nice laid back tunes. Great variety, great  musicianship. Only album I can put next to this with Coltrane is his  &quot;Village Vanguard&quot; Box set.
B000002J1H|5.0|This is probably the best Yes CD with members Jon Anderson, Rick Wakeman (who had returned to Yes after leaving in 1974), Chris Squire, Steve Howe, and Alan White. With the exception of 2 songs, the shorter song format is favored here for the 1st time snce &quot;Fragile&quot;. It starts with the title track with Howe playing a raucous steel guitar (definitely not like your typical country music!)! The next song &quot;Turn of the Century&quot; is a rare love song which is about as Victorian as you'll ever hear (also features some unique percussion work by Alan White). The next song is Chris Squire's motivational &quot;Paralells&quot;, with Wakeman's bold procession on the church organ and Squire's melodious bass lines that follow. &quot;Wonderous Stories&quot; is the most peaceful song with Anderson's imaginative lyrics and Howe's acoustic guitar work. Finally, the masterpiece &quot;Awaken&quot; (this is the only song on GFTO which is over 10 minutes) features Anderson playing harp, Wakeman on the church organ (his playing makes you feel as if you're in a Cathedral yourself!), and Anderson closes the song with his spiritual epitath: &quot;Like the time I ran away and turned around and you were standing close to me.&quot;
B00000J2KT|1.0|I bought this DVD, already having owned the VCR tape, thinking that I would get a better quality picture. Boy was I wrong. The quality of this DVD is quite possibly worse than the video tape. The sound is only in 2.0  so you don't get anything new there and the only extra you get is a 30  second trailer. Definately stay away from this one if you have the video  tape already, it's not worth the investment.
B000002UAU|5.0|The Beatles finest album is a song cycle full of childlike whimsy and irresistibly catchy songs. Its playfulness belies an amazingly fluid arrangement of melodies,lyrics,and sounds that flow together into a whole,  creating its own magical world. An open ended embrace of light pop, hard  rock, indian music, swing, classical music, and blues, the album makes the  case for musical unity-in-diversity, seemingly gathering all that came  before it into surprising yet perfect combinations. The Beatles only  occasionally approached this achievement in isolated moments afterward, and  noone else even came close,then or since
6304711875|5.0|I dont know how any body can see this and say it didnt have them screaming.  I jump almost every time I see it.  When Drew Barrymore gets killed in the very beginning that should tell you that this movie has lots  in it.  I was so scared to do anything after I saw this I would practically  jump if I heard a little noise.    As for the 2nd one, It didnt even  compare to the first one.    And today I saw scream 3 and boy was I  dissapointed because they made alot of mistakes in this one you will know  what I am talking about when you see it.  It seemed really, really short  also.  They tried to hard this time to keep you wondering who the killer  was.  SCREAM 1 WAS DEFINEATLY THE BEST!
B00000I0XW|3.0|I love Sarah Brightman's voice and I bought this CD for the song Pie Jesu.  It is my understanding that this selection was &quot;lifted&quot; directly from the original analog source.  Perhaps this is why there is significant  hum and other background noise on this track.  I took the first CD back and  exchanged it.  No improvement.  I would still purchase this CD, however,  this track is disappointing.
0783229887|4.0|Well I never saw any child  play movies except for this one, and this one was funny but not scary.  I think this movie was good but not great.  It makes me wanna see the other chucky movies.  So if you like funny movies  see this one but if your in for the horror part skip it.
0679746048|5.0|This book is really an excellent read, even though your own state of mind may come into question. A young lady that spends voluntarily 2 years in a mental institution and learns life at the &quot;clinic&quot; as she  interacts with the other patients. While reading this book, the reader may  very easily ask the question if he or she themself are of a sound mind, or  are at risk for the same experience in a psychiatric institution. Another  book that has helped my sanity and has made things clear to me, and I  highly recommend it, is Dietmar Scherf's &quot;I Love Me: Avoiding and  Overcoming Depression&quot; also available at Amazon.com
B000031WD9|4.0|I was kind of dissapointed when I saw this movie because I expected it to be alot funnier but I do admit it was funny.  This was the most risky teenage movie that I saw since &quot;kids&quot;,  I do hand it to the  actors in here, they are so young but act so well, I know I would never do  anything like them at such a ripe age, at least none of it on television.   I was kind of embarassed watching it with my boyfriend cause its a little  but of sexual.
0385484518|5.0|This story is a true heart-throb and it's as good as it gets. As this non-fiction account moves along, the reader comes out enriched, learning not only one great lesson, but it tackles several important topics of life in general. This book makes you think without creating a headache.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club was one of the most enlightening and incredible movies I have ever seen. It opened my eyes about everyday life, and it offers a unique perspective of life from a charater to whom most people can relate.  The  camera work and everything else about the movie was outstanding.
0515127485|5.0|After reading all 40 of the reviews, I am amazed that so many readers found the ending unbelievable.  I lived in the Soviet Union before and after its demise.  The comment I heard so often from the common person was  a desire for a strong leader, &quot;like Stalin.&quot;  The ending of the  book was frighteningly believable down to the political posturing and  manipulation of the media.  I'm pondering how so many readers could find  the ending so unbelievable.  Perhaps you must live in a culture to really  entertain the possiblities.  Given all of this, I am still disappointed  with the last few paragraphs.  I'm not sure how it ended.  I wonder if that  was the author's intent or whether it was a typical television, movie  question-mark ending that leaves rooms for sequels.  Nevertheless, the book  captured the Russia I experienced so profoundly that I had to set it aside  several times because of the deep emotional impact his very clear  descriptions evoked.
6305041156|5.0|without a doubt we all know this movie is more then excellent, but if you already own the VHS tape of Ran then beware of this DVD!  the quality doesn't do the film justice, the subtitles are part of the transfer (they  can't be turned off) and are sometimes hard to read, there is only a  chapter search and you can't scroll through the chapter if you're in the  middle of watching the movie. no clock will be displayed on your DVD player  also, weird.
B00003E47Z|1.0|My sister is a big fan of rammstein and has had trouble trying to locate this dvd, I found it here at amazon, where I've found many items that are hard to find, however this DVD is made in germany and is a high tech DVD-9  which does not play on the DVD players here in the US. I had to return it  and hope that they come out with a US version soon.
0964385619|1.0|This book is nothing more than an info-mercial in print form with a purpose of selling you expensive tapes and a $300.00 board game! By the  looks of others reviews, his rhetoric is working. <br />Kiyosaki simply uses  an age old tactic here: greed. He will make you feel stupid and guilty for  having a safe, secure job or your very own business, no matter how much you  make you are a rat in a rat race. He then boasts about all of his riches  and possesions to get you dreaming. Once this is accomplished, you worship  his every word and buy his tapes which supposedly teaches you step by step  what to do with your money. <br />Folks, wake up! He is using the same tactics  that most network marketing &quot;businesses&quot; use. In my experience,  those that do, do. Those that can't do teach. If he is a millionare,  I  would bet that its from selling this stuff. This book has a very immature  feel to it, its like &quot;HA HA, I have all this money and you dont. What  are you going to do about it? Keep slaving away at your job the rest of  your life?&quot; <br />Keep your money and put it in a diversified mutual  fund, which by the way is what &quot;uninformed, average investors do with  thier money&quot; according to Kiyosaki. Excuse me!  This is the best stock  market ever in history! It has been escalating for 10 years! What am I  missing here?<br />My opinion is that he is a very poor writer, he wrote  &quot;my rich dad said&quot;, or &quot;my poor dad said&quot; so many times  it made me crazy.  I am going to continue being a &quot;rat&quot; and  return this book for a personal financial planning guide which I was  looking for in the first place.
0440234743|2.0|John Grisham has written some terrific books.  This is not one of them.  The plot fizzles and the characters do not have the complexity of those in his better novels.
6305750750|2.0|Take the best special effects ever, perfect movie audience, almost unlimited budget (plus decades in the making) and what do you get? Well, in this case you get a movie that narrated by a slimy creature that wouldn't  even make lizard status and has the voice of nails down a chalkboard  combined with the worst computer elevator music mankind has ever invented.  OK, the queen had potential, but she's supposed to be two years apart from  that seven year old and they're going to be getting married? I don't think  so! The plot is non-existent, the acting pitiful and really the whole thing  is just set up for the next movie. There are no strong actors and no human  actors period of note. Hans Solo, Luke, Darth Vadar...we get the point,  were what made first movie and you'll be sorely let down if that's what you  watch this for. There's no way to connect to this movie and with so many  other good movies coming out right now, get something else.
B00000J7A2|5.0|To me this album is one of  the best of my collection.I listen to it religously.don van vliet is truly one of the greatest lyricist of our time.He presents his art with such an edge no one will ever be able to  reach.The magic band is very talented and well versed in their skills.Buy  this album!  No matter what genre you dig beefheart will not let you down.
B00001NFCY|5.0|if the whole idea of an album is that you can listen to every track on the cd, this effort gy creed can definetly be considered an album.  not only are all the songs different, but they are all good. scott stapp has an  amazing deep and gravely voice, kind of a cross between the lead singer of  live and the guy from hootie and the blowfish (although hootie's music will  never compare!).  the band also has terriffic song-writing abilities, so  that you learn the words and want to sing along.<br />even though i liked  every song, my favorites were: 'beautiful' (attacking modern society), 'say  i' (the opening line 'the dust has finally settled on the field of human  clay' is where the title is derived) 'with arms wide open' (about the  miracles of birth), and 'inside us all'.<br />a very good album!  it is filled  with emotion and feeling, something so hard to find today!
B00001IVQT|5.0|With so many recordings of Rachmaninov's Third available, it's hard to know which one is the best. Look no further. The concerto made popular by the movie &quot;Shine&quot; is played by the young Ashkenazy and the  underappreciated Fistoulari in what has to be one of the finest recordings  ever made. Ignore the coupling; the Second is rather pedestrian here, and  better recordings exist. But the Third! Ashkenazy's youthful ardor comes  burning through, his fleet fingers on the elfin cadenza (not that  overwrought one) remarkable. And Fistoulari leads a transparent and  virtuosic orchestra. Get this recording before it goes out of print!
B00000J7JO|2.0|i hated this cd.<br />i don't really know how else to put it.  it can be really insightful at times, like in the title track 'californication', but just plain disguisting in others ('i like dirt' about licking people,  'purple stain' singing about menustration).  <br />it seems that even though  the chili peppers are one of my favorite bands, their hits do not quite  represent their real sound.  <br />the song 'scar tissue' sticks out sorely on  this cd.  and that is supposed to be their huge hit.  eventually, it has  played itself out for me.<br />to avoid:  'get on top', 'purple stain', 'i  like dirt', and 'emit remmus'.<br />of note:  'otherside' (very good, but  melancholoy), 'easily', 'around the world', 'californication'.<br />the chili  peppers are losing their spice.
B00000I8UE|5.0|Excellent tribute to my favorite artist, Miles Dewey Davis. This is music that you listen to in the dark, from another room with your eyes closed and you take this beautiful voyage riding on the deep and soulful voice of  Cassandra Wilson. She flows so well and reaches deep inside and when you do  open your eyes, it is only to put this CD on repeat and succumb to her  entrancing voice. &quot;Sky and Sea&quot;(Blue and Green) is outstanding  and her cover of &quot;Time after time&quot; had to impress Cyndy Lauper  and definetly make Miles smile. One to keep in the carousel.
B000002HPT|4.0|This album, while sacrificing technical virtuosity, is Dream Theater's most emotionally charged work yet.
B00000IMYA|5.0|This re-issue of the Ellington set from the 1956 Newport Jazz Festival is simply the greatest jazz concert ever recorded. Recovering from the 'canned' studio concert which was originally released, this 2-CD set was  painstakingly assembled from 2 complete (but unique) mono tape recordings  that were originally set aside as 'flawed' and unusable by themselves. One  recording from the Columbia microphones and one recording recently  discovered from the Voice of America microphones. Upon assembling using  modern digital technology, the result is the most amazing live (TRUE)  Stereo recording you will ever hear. I have owned this CD for nearly a year  and can still listen to it again and again, never tiring of its immense  impact, musical genius and state of the art (full frequency!) audio  quality. This is REQUIRED listening for any Ellington fan. This is a  living, breathing document to seal Ellington in his place as the greatest  Jazz icon of the 20th Century. If you listen closely, you will be astounded  at the ambiance of this release, whispers and even the delay of the Newport  sound system's own monitor speakers echoing through the crowd can be  heard...SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL.
B000002J27|5.0|Genesis have managed to pass through many eras without ever achieving any degree of credibilty; always being labelled as pompous prog-rock dinosaurs. Indeed they are but when pompous prog-rock is this good who cares?.<br />All  musical genres have good and bad be it punk (for every Clash there was a  hundred other bands who were unlistenably bad) or prog-rock (for every  'Dark side of the Moon' there was a 'Tales of Topographic Oceans' lurking  uncomfortably around the corner). Genesis are masters of survival and not  only survived punks purging effect, but went on to bigger (if not  necessarily better) things.<br />Despite their long history Genesis have never  released a real turkey of an album, but at the same time they find it  difficult to make an absolute classic. The exception is 'A Trick of The  Tail'. With it's crashing drums, powerful and inventive rock, gorgeous  ballads and haunting melodies, it simply does not have a single  sub-standard moment. It is difficult to pick out indivudual songs as every  track has been a favourite at one time or another, but 'Entangled' still  hits the spot; a delightfully lilting ballad that gives way to a moody  instrumental coda with crisply played acoustic guitars and dark, evocative  keyboards. <br />Fans of the latter years should be cautious, but given time  any fan of Genesis from any period will discover a band at the top of their  game.<br />A word of caution: having worn out my original vinyl copy I  purchased the first generation CD release only to discover that it sounded  truly awful (as did a lot of first generation CD's). The remastered version  is a whole lot better and anyone finding other versions at bargain prices  should leave them well alone.
0441172717|5.0|There comes a time when a book passes a level that surpasses all other books; when it reaches a standard that very few books in the history of mankind have reached. This is when a book becomes a legend. There are few  books out there that I can give this title to. To name a few are: &quot;The  Hobbit&quot; and the entire series of &quot;The Lord of the Rings.&quot;  Dune has reach this standard. Dune is one of those books that can stimulate  the mind with questions that a normal person would dare to think of, much  less actually come up with the idea.<br />Dune is the story of a young boy,  Paul Atredies, whose world is shattered when his farther dies in the master  plot of the Baron. He must- now- abandon his palace life and live with the  Fremen in the Deep Desert. A place where few venture to go....<br />This story  is well written and deserves to be recognized. Frank Herbert has done an  excellent job of putting this novel together. I was first doubtful of it,  but a friend of mine presuaded me to read it. I was instantly captivated. I  now intend to read the other five novels and then the prelude- written by  Frank Herbert's son- to the series. This is a book that EVERY  science-fiction reader should read; this is a book EVERYone should read. I  hope all of you- if you read it- enjoy it as much as I have.
6303148352|5.0|&quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is the best movie I have ever seen in my whole life. However there are some implausible moments in the movie. For instance, the dilophosaurus (spittor dinosaur) had a frill on its neck,  which the vertabrae could not support; he'd literally break his neck! There  was a brief scene of duck-billed parasaurolophus where they had long  crests; they should have had short crests, since all the dinosaurs in the  park were supposed to be female. But other than these moments,  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is still claiming the title for one of the  highest-grossing movies of all time. I love the special FX! One of my  favorite scenes in the movie is when the ostrich-like gallimimus are  stampeding through the valley, and one gets eaten by the T-rex. I  understand that they are beginning production of a 3rd movie!  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; and both its sequels are probably going to remain  my favorite movies for a long time to come.
B00000K19E|1.0|Incredible effects, cool stunt coodination but just listening to K.Reeves talk takes the film down several knotches.. riveting lines like, &quot;Whoa&quot;, &quot;Yea&quot;, and &quot;Dodge this&quot; should have  been left for 'Bill &amp; Ted 2'
B000002KKS|5.0|The Dio fronted Sabbath is the best version of Black Sabbath in my book.  Black Sabbath with Ozzy was all about doom and gloom, no imagination or life in the songs what so ever.  Don't get me wrong, some of the Ozzy  albums were classics such as Sabotage and Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, but when  Dio joined in 1979 and 1 year later the band released its' masterwork,  Heaven and Hell.  This is the best Black Sabbath album period!  Dio's  lyrics are at his best, taking shape during his Rainbow years, Dio  songwriting reached it's peak here. Tony Iommi's riffage is just as hard  hitting on this to any other riff he's laid down. The rtythm section is  tight too, and this being Bill Ward's last chance in the drummer's seat  with Dio in the band.  The album opens with the hard riff rockin' Neon  Knights, and from there on the album is killer all the way to the end.  All  the songs are classic Sabbath songs as well as for Dio too. Heaven and Hell  proved all the skeptics that there was life after Ozzy afterall.
0804106304|1.0|This book is as steryotyped as they come
0783230621|5.0|Ok, the movie is pretty good, I must admit it's you're run of the mill natural disaster movie though!  But forgetting about the plot or acting quality for a minute, I want to recommend this movie for anyone with a DTS  system.  The special effects look and sound amazing.  Car crashes,  collapsing bridges, erupting volcanoes (duh!), etc. will rattle your living  room and make you duck for cover.  A definate &quot;must have&quot; in your  DTS collection.  Hope this helps!
6305657939|5.0|Pierce Brosnan was amazing, Rene Russo looked and acted wonderfully...just a really great movie!
0800141660|4.0|This is beautifully photographed and well-cast. Emma Thompson did a wonderful job with the screen play, keeping it close to the original.  Lovers of Jane Austen will love this!
B00003CWPR|4.0|Kubrick's last film may not be his best work, but it is haunting and important.  There is a point in &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; where everything--the wandering, the speculation, the mystery, the ambiguous  morality--suddenly comes together.  As Cruise stands looking at a corpse in  a cold, clinical hospital morgue, his expression is one of such agonized  disappointment that it's difficult not to see this moment as the film's  climax.  And even though it provides no concrete answers (Kubrick rarely  does) the scene acts as a capsule for the entire film: it is part-agony,  part-enigma and enormously empty.  I couldn't help but feel that Kubrick  dwelt on Cruise's face throughout the film in such unforgiving close-ups to  mirror the expressions of his audience.  Certainly this film was both  agonizing and mesmerizing.  And, yes, it often languished in its own agony.   But Kubrick creates such a void with this film that it's difficult not to  read it as a record of everything that we all are (and are not) at the end  of the Twentieth Century.  We are empty; we think we see, but our eyes are  closed. We are both the corpse on the table and the character who stares in  disbelief at it.  Never have I been so moved by a film.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd rocks and rules. Too bad Blink 182 only knows 3 strings of the guitar. Theres awsome songs like Whats my age again, Dysentary Gary, All the Small things, Party song. I reccomend you buy this cd while its still  hot.
0780626478|4.0|Blast from the Past is a good comedy that the whole family can enjoy.  It's true that Alicia Silverstone is lacking in the acting dept., but Brendan Fraser's talent more than makes up for it.  The dance club skit was  absolutely classic.
B000002UD1|4.0|People like to kick this album around a lot; it gets worse reviews than any Lennon music with the exception of Some Time In New York City. <br />To be totally honest, Mind Games is not one of John's most inspired efforts. But something the listener should keep in mind is that this album was recorded during a very unsettled time for Lennon. He and Yoko were drifting apart, and he had begun to distance himself from the radical politics and hostile government attention of the last couple of years. As a result, the drain on his energies caused the whole process of making music to become a chore...he was quoted several times as saying that he was making music because it was expected of him. These days, most musicians of his stature would simply take five years off and recharge the old batteries before releasing anything, but those were different times, and it's pretty apparent that John was pretty much punching the old time clock and falling back on old ideas that had lost some of their freshness in order to placate the record company. But the great thing about this album is that even in spite of all this, Lennon's genius was such that he can make magic with questionable material, which in my opinion he does repeatedly during the course of this record. <br />The strongest cut overall and probably the only bona fide classic is the title song, with its soaring strings and clever lyrics. Other notable songs include Tight A$, a pleasant enough boogie tune, which is slight but rocks in a genial way; Aisumasen (I'm Sorry), a good blues tune with good guitar work, the confident Out The Blue, with its lovely BV's, and the gallumphingly gnarly rocker Meat City. Perhaps my favorite Mind Games tune, though, is You Are Here, which lyrically draws upon both Kipling and Zen philosophy, has a lovely, calm melody and beautifully ethereal backing vocals. <br />Ironically, with the overall direction here being mostly songs of devotion to and contrition towards Yoko along with songs whichpreach togetherness through love, this album makes me think of the bulk of Paul McCartney's solo work, which always deal with these topics almost exclusively. I think there is much to like on Mind Games; how much you find will vary, I suppose, on your expectations.
B00000K31V|5.0|I loved every bit of this movie. I thought the idea was so original. This movie also had a great moral message that suggested that our technology would destroy the human race one day. I thought the acting was great,  (Jennifer Jason Leigh rules), visually it was amazing, and I applaud  everyone who had anything to do with this film. I give it 5 out of 5.
B00003ETJQ|2.0|Baraka has been one of the biggest disappointments in all of my experiences of watching film.  Mind you, the film itself is wonderful, full of brilliant colors and dazzling images.  The problem has been the film  quality.   The first time I saw Baraka, the film itself was badly damaged.   The other time I saw it in the theater, it was badly out of focus.  I  wouldn't be so picky about this except that the movie has no plot and is a  purely aesthetic film.    At any rate, I was looking forward to seeing  Baraka on DVD.  Sadly, what I found was the worst transfer to DVD I have  ever seen.  What should have been clear and smooth was blocky and choppy.   It was obvious that the producers lacked the technology to transfer the  film directly to DVD and had instead chosen to transfer a projected image.   There are points where you can see imperfections not only on the film, but  also on the screen itself.    Make no mistake, Baraka is a wonderful  film, full of some of the most powerful images ever assembled on film.  The  effect is ruined by the fact that the transfer was so shoddily done. With  any luck a remastered version may someday be released .
B00000IOSU|4.0|This is a great CD for all Sarah McLachlan fans. All of the songs are great except for 'Good Enough' and 'Hold on'.  I am not a fan of songs with a lot of language and that is why I don't like those songs.  But as for all  the other songs; the lyrics are great, her voice sounds wonderful and I  love to listen to them.  By not getting this CD, you are missing out on a  lot of great songs and vocalizing.
B00000K19E|5.0|I put off seeing this movie in the movie theaters because I think Keanu Reeves is a horrible actor; but after hearing so many good things about it, I saw the DVD. I would recommend this movie to everybody--it has a plot you  have to think about and thankfully doesn't rely on Keanu's acting to make  the movie a success--definitely deserves 5 stars!
6305718903|5.0|Though I understand that Stigmata got a lot of poor and unfair reviews and it is not for everyone, I STILL think it's a wonderful movie!  I left the theater with my jaw hanging and eyes gaping at how good it really was.  As  always, Gabriel Byrne has a way of pulling you into the film and into the  feelings of the characters....especially his. Through his character who is  a Catholic Preist, I FELT his struggle with love and religion - both common  struggles to anyone who has a heart, soul, or brain.  I never found any  fault with ANYTHING that happened in the movie, like the fact that if  Patricia Arquette was posessed by a holy Saint, I don't think he would be  trying to seduce Father Kiernan (Byrne).  No one who nitpicks EVER enjoys a  movie!  Some things to enjoy: the artistic direction was beautiful in a  creepy, X-files sort of way and they couldn't have picked someone better  than Billy Corgan to compose music. (My favorite band is the Smashing  Pumpkins, favorite Actor - Gabriel Byrne...you can see how I loved this  movie!) Corgan added an extra demension to the film as I kept thinking I  heard heartbeats coming from the back of the theater. The main thing that  attracted me to this movie (Byrne aside) was all the commotion surrounding  the &quot;bad rep&quot; that Catholics were given.  I personally found it  funny that, as a whole, they spend too much of their time dishing it out to  others but they can't take it themselves.  This movie is like a government  conspiracy only it involves corruption among a sanction of society that  undoubtedly has INFINITELY more power than the government - the religious  institutions. As with all conspiracy movies, all I have to say is that it  really makes you think....
B0000027RL|3.0|&quot;Ten&quot; was Pearl Jam's first album and biggest seller.  It shouldn't have been.  The band's inexperience is evident throughout the album.  Pearl Jam would go on to become the greatest rock band of the 90's,  but there were some tracks on their first album that were pretty weak.<br />A  few track on &quot;Ten&quot; are brilliant.  &quot;Alive&quot; is a perfect  90's anthem, and has Mike McCready doing a killer solo at the end.  The  bizzare &quot;Jeremy&quot; and the rockers &quot;Deep&quot; and  &quot;Once&quot; are some other great heavy tracks on the album.  The best  songs are the ones in which Eddie Vedder pours his emotion into them, such  as &quot;Black&quot;, &quot;Oceans&quot;, and the excellent closer  &quot;Release&quot;.<br />However, &quot;Ten&quot;'s weaknesses almost  outweigh its strengths.  Some tracks drag and go nowhere (&quot;Why  Go&quot;, &quot;Porch&quot;, &quot;Garden&quot;.  The lyrics on the album  are OK at best.  Even &quot;Even Flow&quot;, which sounds great live, seems  to just drag here.  Before you buy &quot;Ten&quot;, I'd try Pearl Jam's  newer and better albums.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Some die hard Santana fans have been somewhat disappointed by Carlos' latest collaboratory album.  But the operative word here is collaboration, indeed.  Everyone Santana invited on this album is great at what they do,  and how they do it.  The album flows and blends well for a CD containing  such diverse rythms.  <br />Santana jumps starts with the hypnotic (Da Le)  Yaleo, where the electricity is felt throughout.   Dave Matthews slows  things down with the sexy, soulful and romantic tune in &quot;Love of My  Life&quot;.  These are some serious sensual lyrics and Matthews voice is  extremely soothing.<br />Everlast then moves the CD to pure rock with the  dark, mysterious, but beautiful &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot;.  This track  should most definite be released as a single soon, as it would a be shame  to leave it behind.<br />Of course there's the ubiquitous &quot;Smooth&quot;  which is catchy and playful.  I was not surprised by Lauryn Hill's  appearance n this album, after all Santana colloborated with Hill on her  debut CD.  Many people feel &quot;Do You Like The Way&quot; is out of place  here, but hear closely.  Hill is at her best: forceful, meaningful, and  pure R&amp;B/hip hop.  If you listen to the rest of the song you'll find  Cee-Lo's harmonies and the rest of Santana in pure funk magic.<br />The sassy  Maria Maria will put you in trance, while the defiant and proclamatory  Migra will wake you up.  Corazon Espinado is pure Latin rythm with  desperado love lyrics that will throw all salsa lovers on the dance floor!  <br />Eagle-Eye Cherry brings a funky and folky tune in &quot;Wishing It  Was&quot; - a great driving track. &quot;El Farol&quot; and  &quot;Primavera&quot; are just pure Santana.  The former is a beautiful  instrumental song (who ever said there was no Santana on this  CD?)<br />Santana closes with Eric Clapton in &quot;The Calling&quot;. Two  guitar geniuses at their best.<br />So, even if &quot;Smooth&quot; has already  tired some of you, there's no reason for NOT owning this CD.  Among all the  junk out there, this is pure talent. And all the young and not so young  collaborators on the album deserve an applause.
0780619951|3.0|This film's repulsive birth scene makes it worthwhile, as does Marlon Brando's creepy performance.  David Thewlis doesn't hurt, but he could do better.  Val Kilmer's performance is annoying, and I'm told his bad  attitude didn't make him any friends off-camera (upon finishing Kilmer's  last scene, Director John Frankenheimer screamed for Kilmer's immediate  removal from the set.).  Worth viewing by those with strong stomachs, but  not for those who wish to get anything out of it.
B00000DHR0|5.0|what a mix of different types of music all on one cd! well don
6304341849|5.0|It would be impossible to attempt to protray to you what Maurice is.  It's a novel, it's a movie- he's a man, a symbol.  Maurice is the most thought-provoking work of art that i have ever had the pleasure to read.  Anything that makes you think- makes you question your own self, soul, and  relation to others is inherently good.  And this film version of Maurice  stays absolutely true to the book.  Yes, scenes have been cut, yes scenes  have been added (but the added scene i am recalling, near the end of the  movie with Risley, makes the social persecution so vivid) but the spirit of  Maurice remains the same. Watch this movie- i dare you not to be moved by  its beauty- and it's sorrow. If you want a technical review, seek out the  New York Times.  I can tell you only that this movie is NOT about  homosexuality.  It is about the brutal indifference of our society to love.  This film will soften the hardest of hearts.
6302293553|5.0|Monty Python of the Holy Grail is the best movie in the world.It has comedy as well as drama-not. The holy hand grenade of antiak is really cool. You should see this movie
B00003CWPR|3.0|I attended the theatrical release of this movie with some trepidation, not that the movie was a critical flop, but because many minutes of the film have been removed so carelessly to meet MPAA rating requirements (a great  example is the cut away from the Cruise/Kidman scene at the bedroom mirror)  It is my assertion that the deleted scenes/digital modifications reduce the  emotional impact of key plot elements and the interplay between central  characters. If you would like to see what Kubrick truly wanted the film to  portray, consider waiting for a (as yet unplanned) future release which  presents the movie in a 'Director's Cut' format.
B000000QG8|5.0|when it came to blues rock rory was king.this is  probably one of the greatest live albums you could own.not a bad cut on the album,just crank  up the volume and drift with the melodious guitar.
B000002HRE|2.0|Alright, I became a Metallica fan about six months ago when my brother bought me the black album for my birthday.  I loved it so much, that I bought Justice, Lightning, Puppets, Load, and then got Kill 'Em All,  S&amp;M, and Garage Inc.  ReLoad completed my collection.  Now I thought  that Metallica's new stuff isn't really all that bad, and people just put  it down since Metallica has slowed down some.  I'd heard Fuel, and thought  it was very good.  I'm not one to judge, but this CD is terrible, at least  if you're a fan of Metallica's old music.  On CDs like Master of Puppets  and ...And Justice For All, every song is fast, rocking, and melodic.  On  ReLoad every song is slow and repetitive-nothing surprises you.  In the  song Master of Puppets, I was shocked by the incredible interlude that  Metallica added in, and in songs like One and Fade to Black I loved how the  music started out slow and melodic, but turned in to thrash metal.   Metallica may not have sold out, I agree that they can't do another Kill  'Em All after 18 years, but they've developed into just another alternative  MTV band.  DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR OLD METALLICA!
6305470464|5.0|I saw Playing By Heart at the theaters a few times and I have also rented it a handful of times because it is an excellent movie!  The manerisms of the characters and the way they interact with each other is brilliant!  The  ending is very cool the way the characters tie together.  It's a must see!
6300183971|3.0|Filled with stunning visuals and a futuristic feel, Dune is the perfect movie for a fan of science fiction.It ends there. This movie is too deep for the average movie buff.
B000031WD9|4.0|Shakespear it ain't, but if you're looking for a funny movie that'll make you laugh, check this one out.<br />The bathroom scene is the best, you really feel for the guy...
B0000027D5|5.0|This is a live recording of the tour to support the Caravanseri album.  It was originally only available as a Japanese import, until it came out as a CD in the 90's.  The album has some of the hits from the first three albums  but most of the music is along the same lines as Caravanseri, except much  more intense.  The music is amazing and can leave you exhausted if you  listen to it all in one sitting.  Incident at Neshabur and Toussaint  L'Overture are overwhelming.  The music has more jazz fusion influences  than earlier works but still maintains the latin rhythms.  Of Santana's  live ablums, only Sacred Fire comes close to matching it.
0440219078|5.0|This book is a realy wonderfull one. Jonas's world is very beliveable and the characters are great. When Jonas's world falls apart, he and his friend the Giver put it back together. I read this book a few months before  reading 1984 and it certianly was very similar. I foud that many of my  fellow 12 year olds enjoy this book as much as I did, and the end was  great. I would sugest this book to anyone who loves a good story and great  writing stile. I think this I Lowry's best book yet!
6304539282|5.0|I have been a Star Wars fanatic ever since I saw the movies. I've seen the videos at least a million times. I've seen the originals, the Special Edition, and The Phantom Menace and I have plans on buyind that one and the  next two, too.
B0000042GM|5.0|I have long enjoyed Rubenstein's recordings of the works of Brahms, and those recordings, albeit rather dated, are splendid. However, several years ago I found this collection of the complete Brahms piano pieces by Julius  Katchen, and I was completely taken. There is a level of consistency with  one performer, and Katchen's accuracy and stunning technique makes this a  collection which will add to anyone's collection of recordings.<br />In  addition, the packaging (with individual envelopes for each cd, and each  with its own discography) is very convenient. The box of 6 CD's replaces  the originally released set of two jewel cases, a very good replacement I  believe.<br />I highly recommend this CD set.
0800136586|5.0|Since I was very small, &quot;Annie&quot; has been one of my very favourite movies.  I love everything about it- the music, the dancing, the story....it's just perfect!  I agree that there are one or two scenes with  a bit more &quot;adult&quot; content, but nothing too inappropriate for  young kids (my parents let me watch it at age 4 and they were VERY picky  about that kind of thing).  All in all, a wonderful family musical that I  could watch again and again.  I highly recommend it!
6304712936|5.0|I saw this years ago on VHS, which is the worst medium to watch a film like this. We saw it again on DVD, and it made for a very entertaining two plus hours. The picture was very good for a movie that old, and the 5.1  soundtrack made the opera sequences a little easier to take. The  performances, especially by F. Murray Abraham as the mediocrity, makes this  a great film though. The scenes with him and Mozart (Tom Hulce) together,  especially the last one, were worth the price of the rental by themselves.
0380973464|4.0|Having majored in history while working on my undergraduate degree, I found this book to be extremely well-researched.  The author obviously went to great pains to make the work believable, and I now have difficulty  convincing myself of which characters really did exist and which did not.   I thought the modern sections got a little trite (especially the developing  relationship between Randy and Amy), but overall I think the book is a  great read for someone who has a little extra time on hand.
1559409002|5.0|This is one of those lost classics that deserves far greater exposure than it has thus far received.  Made in the early 60's, it is an eerie tale of a woman caught between a &quot;no mans land&quot; somewhere between life and  death.  The film evokes memories of David Lynch's work and that of George  Romero.  Clearly the two directors have been influenced by this midnight  classic.  The film borders on surrealism especially in scenes where the  madness begins to close in on our heroine in the most unlikely places.   Herk Harvey never directed another feature, preferring a life making  &quot;industrial&quot; films, but this effort ranks as a horror  masterpiece.  Thanks be to Criterion for releasing this classic....and  doing so in both versions.  What a mouthwatering prospect this disc is.   Let that organ play on.....!
6303201954|4.0|I've always been a fan of Star Trek and have found the feature films to be a mixed bag of goods. However, the first film has always had a special place in my heart and I've recently rediscovered it's many virtues when I recently purchased the Blu-Ray version.<br /><br />I own just about every version that exists of this film.  The special edition DVD that came out a decade ago was a welcome modification to the original film, tightening the story here and there and adding back some much needed character moments.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray version is the original theatrical version, which has none of the edits created for the special edition DVD.  All the criticisms of the original cut are true...the story is a rehash of \\"The Changeling\\".  Certain sequences are overly long and pointless and the characters we loved from the TV show act very differently from the way we grew to love.  Kirk acts like a jerk when he seizes the opportunity to command his old ship again.  Spock acts incredibly distant, with no sign of the humor he found trying to deal with humans.  McCoy has to be drafted back into service and often walks onto the bridge only to leave again, just to remind us that he's still part of the movie during the middle act.  The other actors just sit at their stations and perform their assigned duties.  The greatest sin is that the story emphasizes a couple of secondary characters who only appear in this film at the expense of the original cast.<br /><br />It's a bit of a wasted opportunity but the sense of anticipation I felt as a kid still holds firm whenever I watch this movie.  With the Blu-Ray edition, it's taken 30 years for me to finally watch this movie and accept it on its own terms.  I'm no longer disappointed that the ship looks different, the costumes look different, the character interactions are different.  Now I can watch this movie and accept it as it's own entity.  Surprisingly it makes for a much better viewing experience since I'm no longer thinking \\"why did they change everything\\" like I did when I first saw it in the theaters.<br /><br />This movie looks absolutely incredible on Blu-Ray.  Everything is so sharp that I'm discovering details that I never saw before.  On a nice TV, the image quality is incredible and the film's muted palette \\"pops\\" to create an incredibly beautiful looking film.<br /><br />This is truly how the film was meant to be seen and I can't recommend it highly enough.  ST:TMP is certainly an acquired taste but if you like the movie in its previous incarnations, you'll really love it on Blu-Ray!
B000020617|5.0|This album, as has already been pointed out, is excellent. It's the kind of music you listen too when you're depressed, and then you feel really good again. It's music you can easily absorb. It flows into your brain and  makes everything seem better. It's the kind of music you simply have to hum  whaen feeling good. It's like non-chemical prozac. <br />Hmm, maybe i have  exxagerated my daily dose...I'm getting all excited...Maybe a bit of Aurora  will calm me down.
1573227978|5.0|Alex Garland certainly knew exactly want he wanted from his armchair adventure when he wrote this book. This is the most confident debut I've ever read, and will be the best book I've ever read for a long time. <br />A  roller coaster couldn't be more exiting. A trip to the moon couldn't be  more packd with danger. And a face-to-face confrontation with a lion  couldn't be a better story.<br />This book reaches into my soul and pulls on  every ounce of adveture I have in my body. Every time I read it I want to  go to Thailand more and more.  <br />The pure genius of calling the three  founders after cartoon characters, and the 'expert' know-how shown with his  ETAs and his FNGs - as Johnny Vaughn would say, it's a diamond bullet in  the forhead. <br />The unexpected ending, as disguisting as it maybe, switches  you back onto reality with a hard slap around the face. Not everything is  perfect, not even on the Beach. <br />The part with the food poisoning is  hilarious, especially when he gets his own back on bugs, I'm not sick, just  trying to find humour in a serious health hazard!<br />The year 0 should now  be used to symbolise the first year you read this book, a truly desrving  tribute to a truly brilliant piece of literature. When will it appear on  the GCSE syllabus? The film has a lot to live up to when it comes out on  Feb 11th 2000. <br />How many times have you sighed when you finish a book?  Read this one and you'll be able to experience the feeling too. A true cult  read: you'll either love it or you'll hate it, but everyone I know who's  read it, has loved it.
B000002ADT|5.0|Slip this cd in late one night while your favorite lady friend happens to be around.  Fix yourself a good drink, turn the lights off and light a cig.  If you dont feel great, go to the doctor in the morning.
6304994567|5.0|Even though the Coen brothers shined in &quot;Fargo&quot;, they out did themselves with &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot;. John Goodman's and Jeff Bridges acting made the movie outstanding.  The Coen brothers should of  developed the bowling child molester a bit more with a bowling contest  between John Goodman,Steve Buscemi, and Jeff Bridges.  It was nice to see a  sub story line between Julianne Moore and Jeff Bridges. I honestly would  see this movie again.
0964385619|3.0|This book is worth a study not just a read. Besides that it is simply an entre'. With more puffery than facts it left me hungry for the main course. With the introduction of a game which far and away overpriced and more  books which are priced beyond rationality it left me with the feeling of a  guy who is full of himself.  Yes you need this knowledge. You need it now.  But at what cost?  You probably should be able to get this type of  &quot;information&quot; which includes every book and both of the games for  about $200 tops.
B000001FNL|5.0|In the spring of 1975, a producer named Robert Stigwood sent thousands of copies of a single  with no artist's name on them, with a title called  &quot;Jive Talkin'&quot;. It was an immediate hit and people wanted more.  Remember, that in 1967, Mr. Stigwood pulled this same stunt with &quot;New  York Mining Disaster 1941&quot;, teasing the public into thinking it was  the Beatles trying to see if they could make it under a different band  title. The resulting surprise was that it was the Bee Gees; that  tear-jerking, ballad writing trio that had faded into an old record  collection that millions of record buyers owned. &quot;Jive Talkin'&quot;  went to #1. &quot;Night On Broadway&quot; followed with two versions - one  with the slow bridge and one without. &quot;Fanny (Be Tender With My  Love)&quot; was the third hit off the album. This latter one being a studio  gem, but  virtually UN-singable in public due to the intense over layered  vocal work. Being a 'single' oriented group in the past, the Bee Gees had  finally crafted an album worthy of all ten songs being memorable.  &quot;Wind Of Change&quot; was actually the first demo sent to Stigwood,  but became a concert staple instead with it's strong beat and funky rhythm.  If you still longed for the old Bee Gees sound, &quot;Songbird&quot; fits  the bill (no pun intended). It's  as strong a love ballad as any they have  had in  the past. &quot;Country Lanes&quot; is nearly an anthem  in it's  perseverance of commitment to a lover.  &quot;Edge Of The Universe&quot;  and &quot;All This Making  Love&quot; are, admittedly, novelty songs, but  &quot;Baby, As You Turn Away&quot; is a grand finale.  What better way to  also compliment your  latest album production than to have another  artist  (Olivia Newton-John) make a hit out of  &quot;Come On Over&quot;? Given the  times, the music  and the variety, Main Course is no doubt one  of the most  important albums the Bee Gees  have had in their roller coaster career.
6303965415|5.0|The striking performances by all the main characters and a very nuanced depiction of Anne Elliot's initial insecurities and remorse followed by a touching development towards newfound confidence made me want to cry at  several points during the film.  The underlying tone of irony and the  ridicule of social stratifications make 'Persuasion' one of Austen's best  and most modern stories. This movie does it complete justice without being  stiff or boring. I would recommend this movie to anyone, whether they know  what the pain of lost love is or not.
0385121679|5.0|I was surprised by all the negative reviews I was seeing for this more frighting ghost story. Then when I began reading the reviews I began to realize-from the writing and wording-that these were mostly teenagers.I  scares me just a little at how our teenagers have been exposed to so much  real life horror  that this tale of ghost just didn't scare them like it  did me, when I first read it. Ther Shining is a clasic CHILDREN. Read  it...and see how it's done.
B00000117E|4.0|An excellent album that demonstrates Rory's passion and ability. He plays with reckless abandon - he'll miss a note once in awhile - but more than makes up for it with the pure energy that set him apart. The only weakness  is the quality of the recording, but it was 1974. Enjoy it.
B000023VR6|5.0|This album is pure dope. DRE exibits some serious skills with lyrics and beats. This album comes across alot more mellow than the 1st chronic album but equally as tight. I seriously recommend this album, It will be another  platinum classic.
B000002H97|2.0|This album marks the departure of former Metallica producer Flemming Rasmussen. The 'new' producer, Bob Rock (best-known for his work with bands like Def Leppard and Motley Crue), gives Metallica the most incredible  sound. Huge tones, to say the least, and the bass guitar is clearly audible  for once (something frequently obscured in their previous efforts by walls  of multi-tracked tenor guitars). Unfortunately, the actual song material  here is very pop/rock oriented (could also be a manifestation of the  producer, perhaps). Compared to their incredible and very influential  off-time riffing of the past (Master Of Puppets-era), this is an admittedly  weak set. The radio hit &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; is a good example of how  their music has been squashed into mostly three-minute radio spots. The  even-more-lackluster &quot;Load&quot;, which followed this album,  guaranteed Metallica literally tons of hate mail from people who had loved  their early work. I have this gut feeling that this album's nomme-de-guerre  &quot;The Black Album&quot;, will probably place it in the future annals'  &quot;Classic Rock Albums Of All Time&quot; alongside the Beatles'  &quot;White Album&quot; and Primus' &quot;Brown Album&quot;. What is  strange to me is that while both of the latter albums were obviously  in-joke nose-thumbing at popular excess, the &quot;Black Album&quot; seems  to be a celebration of it. And it embarrases me to say, if you're a rock  fan who had never heard any of Metallica's music, I would actually  recommend this as a good starting place, because so many of the songs are  really catchy. But is it a good representation of Metallica's musical  prowess and legendary influence? A resounding &quot;no&quot;.
6302799066|5.0|I was in my early 20's when I caught this old black & white film one lazy Saturday afternoon.  Being a child raised on John Hughes films (Weird Science, Sixteen Candles) I was sure this film would bore me to death.  However, I was quickly caught up in its dark, obscure humor and stunned to  see George C. Scott in a highly animated comic role. He is hilarious! I am  also amazed at Stanely Kubrick's ability to keep the tone of this film so  deadly serious, but manage to make every scene incredibly funny. I will  never again be able to think of Slim Pickins without seeing him riding that  20 megaton bomb to his death, whooping and hollering like a cowboy. Makes  me laugh just thinking about it!  Definitely not a film for everybody, but  if you enjoy dark cold-war comedy you should get a kick out of this.
B000002LR3|5.0|Gospel, rock n' roll, indie, dance....have u ever imagined that they can COME TOGETHER? Here you can. Primal Scream forms the new model of music in the 90s at the same time Nirvana did.Bobby Gillespie's vocal doesn't belong  to this world.. it's from Eden... I really felt like so floating and  hypnosis-like when I listened to &quot;damaged&quot;, the guitar sound is  really soft and nice with the tender-feeling piano...and bobby's voice  makes it sounds bitter and forms somewhat like &quot;i-am-weak&quot;  mood....said the lyrics&quot;I got damaged...I got damaged&quot;...I really  got &quot;damaged&quot; that day. It seems like an echo from my heart...the  guitar solo is kind of like blues-oriented in &quot;damaged&quot;. It's my  favourite song(subjectively). &quot;High Than The Sun&quot;  becomes one of  the greatest singles of the decade with it's heavenly melody and dance beat  marriage. Bobby's psychedelic vocal can surely make u get &quot;naturally  high&quot;. It's so touching. (yet i like the way &quot;damaged&quot;  touched my heart) &quot;Loaded&quot; is really a great Indie dance song ...  i really love the conversation at the beginning. The humor reminds me of  Fatboy Slim's use of radio conversation(though Primal Scream is not big  beat band)...Yet the conversation really predicts the decade! : We want  to get loaded, and do what we want to do! and We wanna get high!,,,and  we're going to have a PARTY! that's right...that's the 1990s. Other tracks  are also very good... After listening, I feel &quot;I was blind, now i can  see, u make me a believer/I'm moving on up now, and i'm out of  dark---ness&quot;(Movin' on up) yet i always misheard &quot;and i'm out of  dark---ness&quot; as &quot;I'm on the top...yeh~&quot;.... But really,  Primal Scream is really on the top yeh! and my life shines on!
6305750750|5.0|I loved this movie. Lucas does a great job getting us involved with these characters just like he did with 4,5 and 6.  Can't wait for the next one to come out.
0780622553|5.0|What can I say, I love this movie. As a fan of SCI-FI an Horror flicks I was scepical when I saw the preview and the fact that it was only showing in the local Festival Films theater. But as with another film shown there  (Screamers) I was very surprised. Alex Proyas has truely brought the vision  of this dark land with its ominous overlords to life. The script and story  line were perfect, and the acting talent delivered it flawlessly. I hadn't  heard of Rufus Sewell before this flick (infact I still don't know much  about him) but he portrayed the amneasiac with just the right amount of  insecurity and panic it needed. Kiefer Sutherland played the perfect mad  doctor and William Hurt was just eccentric enough to bring the odd  detective to life. As for Jennifer Connelly, yummmmmmmmm, thats all I can  say about that :). The DVD translation is just as good as the theatre  release (minus the big screen) and running with surroud sound at high  volume delivers the experience. So if you're into SCI-FIs that are just a  little different and very dark, then you have to add this one to you're  collection (espeacially if you're a Matrix fan).
B00000IL1K|1.0|Never have I been so disappointed in a cd as I am with this.  Compared to &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot; (which is one of the best cds I own), it's hard to even imagine this is the same Sarah Brightman. Her voice sounds so  incredibly weak and wispy, and the orchestrations completely overwhelm her,  almost to the point of drowning out her voice entirely. Only on  &quot;Lascia Ch'io Pianga&quot; does she even approximate the power she  displays throughout on &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot;. This is nothing  more than elevator music at best. I will never play this cd again and I  certainly won't buy another of hers without listening to it first.
B00003W8NM|1.0|If you consider wasted talent and high expectations, Fight Club is the worst film of the year. People have been discussing the 'satire' involved. That's funny, I didn't see any. We get spoon-fed a 'fight the power' ethos  that isn't fleshed out in the slightest. Add a final plot twist that makes  no sense and there you have it.<br />I understand the point of violence in the  film. One needs to see what the human body is capable of, but this was  overkill. Another tasteless film from the director of 'Seven'. No redeeming  qualities whatsoever. I'd rather strike myself in the head repeatedly than  watch the film again. Maybe that's the point?
6305750750|2.0|I'll be brief: this movie had no acting, plot, romance or humor. Special effects alone are not enough to make a movie interesting, especially a film with as much potential as Star Wars.<br />As the initial installment in the  series, this movie could have done a MUCH better job of introducting the  main characters. I still think a real prologue to the series is necessary,  that details the reasons WHY Palpatine moves to the Dark Side and a good  story behind Anakin's mother.<br />The plot was very weak: the conflict  between Naboo and the Federation was obviously contrived and was only of  marginal importance to the real issues of Anakin's early days and  Palpatine's move for power.<br />Many people have said that all of the Star  Wars movies are really kids' movies, and that Jar Jar was consistent with  episodes IV, V and VI. If so, why does this CG anamoly come across as  excessive juvenile and irrelevant to the plot?<br />Lucas should hire a new  director and some real writers to help with Episode II. It's a shame to mar  the spectacular story of the first three films.
B0000019PA|4.0|I was getting lost in the revues of Amazon, as I do sometimes.  I just happened to come across this band and was intrigued by what people had said about them.  I am typically drawn to the underdogs of the music world, you  know, the guys who never get the credit they deserve.  I decided to give  these guys a chance.  I was very pleased with my decision.  The music is  simple and sweet.  The vocals are saturated with feeling.  The lyrics...  poetry.  This album isn't about being on the radio. It's not about being  famous. I'm not even sure if it's about being an album at all.  It's more  like... &quot;this is my voice, this is my guitar, would you like to listen  to me play?&quot;
B000002LMK|5.0|Although Neil Young's '80s albums don't seem all that awful in retrospect, it's clear that the problems which were driving him to distraction--his son's medical condition, his conflicts with David Geffen--were also moving  him to fling his muse all over the musical map.  Freedom, which was widely  hailed as a comeback, gave him new focus, and the next year Neil regrouped  with Crazy Horse to record &quot;Ragged Glory,&quot; one of his best albums  and an essential rock album.<br />The songs tackle everything from  self-loathing to the decaying dreams of '60s idealists.  Crazy Horse's  playing has, if anything, improved with age, and the results are seen in  their ferocious playing that never undermines the melodies.  And the  songwriting itself has endured well also, with the choruses frequently  attaining an anthemic quality (&quot;Love And Only Love,&quot;  &quot;Mansion On The Hill&quot;).  Even more notably, the album has a  consistent quality and a nice, well-rounded feel, something that doesn't  always happen on a Neil Young album, given his (admirable) desire to  experiment.<br />All in all, there isn't anything wrong with this album.  It  should be a part of any serious rock fan's collection.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|What is a highly gifted singer, songwriter, and musican like Fiona Apple to do on her sophmore outting when her debut _Tidal_ made such a splash?   Fiona, the chess master, obviously made all the right moves to &quot;win  the whole thing&quot;.  Taking some risks by delving more into more of a  jazz and blues influence, this C.D. shows that Fiona has some fighting  chops and staying power.  The best songs on this C.D. might be _A Mistake_  and _Paper Bag_.  This C.D. also features stronger, more assured, rhythms;  shades of her previous hit _Criminal_.  Where Tori Amos is piano  virtuoso-extraordinare and lyrical muse, Fiona Apple's songs display more  rock and pop sensibility while remaining highly artistic and avante garde.   Fiona also is gifted with a more direct and straight-to-the-heart lyrical  approach.  The result is a sophmore C.D. which hits right on the bull's  eye.  On the other hand, there's obivously still lots of room for Fiona to  grow.  But make no mistake about it.  Fiona Apple knows what's she's doing,  and what appears to stray from the mark is really her &quot;well-made  mistake&quot;.
B00000IFWE|3.0|This album disappointed me.  I was hoping for some improvement after the 'She's the One' soundtrack, but no such luck.  'Echo' would rightfully be considered a notable effort by many lesser artists, but Tom Petty is  capable of much more.  After listening to the CD several times, that  nagging feeling of many of the songs' sounding the same just won't go away.   That goes for the music as well as the lyrics.  The musical quality is  acceptable, of course, since we're talking the Heartbreakers here, but I'll  bet they didn't even break a sweat with the uninspired melodies on 'Echo.'   Even 'Wildflowers' had a few moments of brilliance that saved it from  suffering the Monotony Syndrome affecting this release.  Not only do  several of the songs repeat the same theme (being knocked down and getting  back up again), but they do so with almost identical lyrics.  The listener  gets the feeling that Petty goes for the easy rhyme instead of making the  effort to find some original way to say what's already been said.  I  listened to 'Echo' again today, and the next CD played by the disc changer  was 'Long After Dark.'  No comparison....
6305364613|1.0|I went with some friends to see this at the theater on a rainy afternoon, and was expecting a pleasant surprise. What I got was an unexpected disappointment.<br />While the movie starts out very well, opening on the  aftermaths of Romeo and Juliet's deaths, the film starts quickly losing it  by the minute. While it sounded like a good idea to modernize Shakespeare's  most famous play, by still retaining the original dialogue and speech, it  doesn't come together very well. Director Baz Luhrmann is trying too hard  to cater to the MTV generation and the teen girls who love Leo.
B000002UB3|5.0|Exquisite. Wonderful. Beautiful. Majestic. Eloquent. Poignant. Timeless. Flawless. Excellent. Perfect. And any other superlatives you can think of. The word &quot;Greatest&quot; says it all.
B00001QEE2|5.0|This movie was great, okay? It was brilliant. I haven't seen this good movies for a long time. But still... When you have seen better movies from Disney, like &quot;Tarzan&quot; and &quot;Hunchback of Notre Dame&quot;  this feels quite... Not so good. I mean, this could've been better. It was  great, but not so great after all. I rate this still with 4 stars.
B000002I2I|5.0|What a great album. Only an innovative band like The Doors could successfully mix Rolling Stones-style barroom blues-rock with beautiful, haunting poetry. The result is Morrison Hotel, The Doors' fifth and best  album. It is at times raunchy, boisterous rock, and other times mysterious  and poetic. Morrison and Kreiger have composed some mighty fine songs on  this one (as always). <br />Musically, the band is top notch. Jim Morrison's  vocals adapt beautifully from style to style, Robbie continues to show us  why he's one of the best guitarists in rock, John's drumming is solid, and  Manzarek's keyboards are particularly noteworthy. Especially worthy of  mentioning is the bass playing. Ray Neopolitan, The Doors' session bassist  on Morrison Hotel, lays down some fantastic bass grooves.<br />The Doors,  unlike the Stones, give you great lyrics in addition to great music. The  influence of this album can be plainly heard in the Rolling Stones' 1971  Sticky Fingers album. Morrison Hotel is truly an underrated classic of rock  and roll.
0670647500|5.0|This important penguin book has a new id# 0140149295.  It is fitting that it has been reissued in Canada.
0385493800|5.0|I just finished this very excellent book by John Grisham and I was curious how other readers felt about it. I truly believe 3 and 1/2 stars is very low for this fast paced, very intriguing novel. I laughed when I saw that the two worst Grisham novels (Runaway Jury and especially The Client) had  higher average ratings as this book was much better than either of those. I  admit some of the characters were stereotypical, but I really enjoyed  Grisham's description of the so-called family and their attorneys. Do  yourself a favor and read this entertaining book. I have to admit I love  this book even more after starting my next book, what a snoozer compared to  anything written by &quot;The  King&quot;.
6305750750|3.0|This movie is like all the rest that come out every year--great special effects, horrible plot and character development. There was little if any human dimension throughout most of the film (the end climax between Obi Wan  and Darth Maul was the only captivating part--it had a reason to watch, it  had a human dimension to it). So if you are able to entertain yourself with  nothing more than dazzling special effects and think that good character  development only muddles up a film, then you'll probably enjoy this.  Otherwise you'll see it for the tasteless hype that it is.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This has to be the worst CD of the past year next to Jewel's CD.  Limp is the Spice Girls of rock/rap/cra#.  Anyone who really wants a good album from this genre should check out Faith No More's The Real Thing.  Now that  CD rocks and is far more intelligent than this junk (my opinion only of  course).
B000002UAX|4.0|One of my personnal favorates, an under-rated album from the greatest band in the world, ever. Contains some of the greatest Beatles songs, I'm So Tired having to be one. A must for those fans who like The Beatles sound to  be a little more roar and less produced. Probably sounds more live than  anything off Abby Road, ignore the press releases and buy this album.
6305603847|5.0|WOW!Something has arrived that really puts the power in this exciting new format(DVD).Packed with wonderful features...this is certainly what a DVD is for.Beyond the features,though, this is a great disc.A widescreen  format, and a picture that is wonderfully free of the digital picture  shortcomings(blinking,LSD-like pixel pixies,lines, and all the other  nasties that one might find on a poorly produced digital picture)make this  a DVD worth purchase.But, probably most important, is THE SOUND! The new  5.1 dolby digital sound is an experience that could leave one with gray  hair.Especially the war sequences in the beginning.Shells flying all  over...explosions....all manner of mayhem.And it sounds so unbelievably  real!When watched in a well equipped home theatre, this is not a film for  the weak of heart.If you are already a fan of this movie, you've probably  seen it many times.Now get ready to EXPERIENCE this masterpiece.
0060283122|5.0|My second grader and I despaired of ever finding a series that we'd enjoy reading together as much as we enjoyed Harry Potter.  We found it!  The Baudelaire orphans have become like members of the family.  We look forward  to reading the witty tales of their misfortune and to cheering these  intelligent children on.  It's true that the events described are tragic,  but somehow, we know that Violet, Klaus, and Sunny will triumph.  After  all, as the narrator points out, they have each other.  And they'll have  us, as long as the books keep coming!
B000002C1W|3.0|As much as I loved the Roger Waters era Floyd, and as much as I liked Gilmour's two solo releases, I just couldn't stand it when Dave put this CD out under the name &quot;Pink Floyd&quot;. Thematically and atmospherically  &quot;Lapse&quot; bears very little resemblence to the group's earlier  efforts. Yes, there's some good guitar playing going on here, as well as  some pretty impressive sax and synth work. But why didn't Dave give Nick  Mason and Richard Wright a little more of a presence instead of utilizing a  whole team of writers and session musicians? Floyd, before this release,  had always been a group eager to push the envelope and walk on the wild  side almost as if they were doing everything in their power to NOT sound  like everybody else and not fade into the mass of history's pop music has  beens. &quot;Lapse&quot; was sort of the beginning of the end for the  &quot;real&quot; Pink Floyd...but, I must admit, &quot;Division Bell&quot;  came a little closer to conjuring up that euphoric Floyd atmosphere than  did &quot;Lapse&quot;.  The best songs on this CD, in my own humble  opinion, are &quot;One Slip&quot; (good bass licks) and &quot;Sorrow&quot;  (some of Gilmour's better lyrics).
0964385619|5.0|I like to read but I hate to write.  The reason I write this comment is because I strongly believed &quot;Rich Dad, Poor Dad&quot; is a book that majority of the Americans should read.  This book point out the weakness of  Americans such as lack of financial intelligence.  One of the good example  is the bad spending habit.  For most of us, we like to buy things on  credit, in the other word, we spend money that we don't have and pay  unreasonable high interest.  That's why most of us are in debt for most of  our life.  This is just one of the point that Mr. Robert T. Kiyosaki  mentioned in this book and he also tells us what we need to change in order  to be financially success.  Personally I like this book a lot and agree a  lot of things that Mr. Robert T. Kiyosaki said in this book.  Thanks Mr.  Robert T. Kiyosaki
0345350499|2.0|While there's no question in my mind that Bradley is an astounding writer, I urge all men, especially fans of the cold and brutal legends of King Arthur to NOT read this book. Bradley takes romantic reworking to new and  rather appaling levels in this retelling from the women's point of view. As  an example, she somehow manages to make every rape, including the one of  Arthur by his sister, into a beautiful, romantic affair. As an aside, it's  notable that much of the book is almost documentary worthy descriptions of  Wicca and its practices. Books with this much religious sympathizing of  Christian practices are classifiable as &quot;Christian Fantasy&quot;. I  actually started to feel preached to after several hundred pages of  it.<br />Men, read with caution. Or stick with Malory.
630518299X|3.0|When &quot;The Truman Show&quot; was released in summer 1998, it got many rave reviews from citics all over the world. I think that this reaction wasn't entirely merited.<br />I'm really a huge admirer of Peter Weir's films.  &quot;Witness&quot; and &quot;The Last Wave&quot; are among my favourite  movies, but &quot;The Truman Show&quot; unfortunatelly could not fullfill  my expectations. I think that it has some great moments, but it tries to be  too many movies at once. The film isn't satisfied in being a satire, it  also wants too deal with larger issues, but this would require an extra  movie. Weir reveals too early, that Truman Burbank is just living in a  large TV show. That creates a distance between us and him, which I think  hurts the movie. We are introduced to the director of the show named  Christoph (very significant name, isn't it?), a character that is  overwritten and overplayed. Jim Carrey, however, does a very good job and I  also liked the score by Burkhard Dalwitz and Philip Glass. &quot;The Truman  Show&quot; is definetly worth watching. It just could have been better.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought this cd for my cousin from Christmas and now i am dieing to get it myself. The two of us have always been di-hard SG fans... and this cd is better than their last one! I have listened to it at least a million times  ad know all the words. I am not a pop music type person... but every song  on this album has great music, great lyrics, and tons of emotion! i love  you darren....
0671027344|5.0|A friend of mine let me borrow this book because he loves it.  I can see why!  I think everyone can on some level relate to all that charlie goes through.  The great thing about Charlie was that he didn't mind his  &quot;wallflower&quot; status. He enjoyed the opportunity it gave him to  observe everything. He was so sensitive and intuitive. Charlie seemed so  much more mature than he was and it was understandable that he was hanging  out with uppperclassmen.  I felt so bad for Charlie at some points,  particularly the end.  But Charlie is so good that in the end he still  loves the one who hurt him most. The dialog was enthralling.  You really  felt like Charlie was writing those letters to you.  If someone were  writing these letters to me, I would feel so honored!  I would be rushing  home daily to check my mailbox!  My only problem with the book was that it  had to end!
0792156684|2.0|The set is spectacular and ornately authentic, the lighting and colours glossily decorative, the action-- a young, glamorous, romantic couple struggling against all odds for survival--as old and formulaic as in a  silent serial. For all the extravagant expenditure, the mostly superb  effects work, and the needless claims to historical accuracy, Cameron's  recreation of the tragic sinking of the world's most famous ocean-liner is  dramatically archaic and primitive. Lauded for his expertise with exciting  action set-pieces since making the ingenious cult hit The Terminator, he  had never been successfully shown much interest in his stories' emotional  or psychological aspects; Titanic's relentless focus on a crudely drawn  ill-starred couple (upper-crust Kate Winslet and salt-of-the-earth  impoverished artist Leonardo DiCaprio), trying to save their lives and love  from the schemes of stereotypical rich villains and an inconvenient  iceberg, is hackneyed, cartoon-thin and frankly something of an insult to  those who perished in the real disaster. Overblown and clumsily scripted,  the doomed romance wrecks the narrative's momentum, though once the ship  starts going down, Cameron, clearly happier with chaos, carnage and  high-tech, displays the grasp of rapid cutting, epic-scale terror and  visual bravura that defines the most memorable scenes in his earlier work.  Sadly, as he aims, ambitiously but all-too-conspicuously, for the mythic,  he equates more with better: good business sense in the era of the 'event  movie', maybe, but grandiose, simplistic and artistically limiting.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album is absolutley ace! For all Punk, Indie fans this is a must. Rock fans also love this album. Blink -182- deserve all the success this album will get! This is an must for most music fans.
B000002U82|5.0|&quot;There's someone in my head, but it's not me.&quot; Pink Floyd puts it all into perspective.  Every track on this masterpiece is brilliant in its own way.  This is the best music ever recorded, and I don't throw that  phrase around lightly.  There are two types of people in this world: those  who get Pink Floyd, and those who don't.  If you want to hear mindless  lyrics about nothing in real life &quot;Quit Playin' Games with my  Heart&quot;, &quot;Livin' la vida Loca&quot;(etc.) you probably wouldn't  understand.  If you like to hear music, and if you like to hear the truth  in lyrics, Pink Floyd is the sound for you.  DSOTM is the epitome of Pink  Floyd music.  From the opening to the end, each track will let your mind  fly, and think freely and truly, as if you were on the moon, and looking  down at Earth as mankind struggles with self-created problems such as time  &quot;Time&quot; with its awesome sound and music, money &quot;Money&quot;  with incredible sound effects and rhythm, and insanity &quot;Brain  Damage&quot; the lyrics of which can drive you mad.  The climax of the CD,  &quot;Eclipse&quot; puts it all together, and brings out more emotion than  you think music can inspire.  So if you think you can understand Pink  Floyd, and if you're ready to let this music awe you, strap on your  headphones, and I'll see you on the Dark Side of the Moon.
6305657947|5.0|THIS MOVIE HAD SUSPENCE, ACTION AND ROMANCE COMBINED.  IT WAS CHARMING AND VERY ADULT.  THOUGH IT COULD HAVE BEEN DONE WITH A BIT MORE TASTE, THE OVERALL EFFECT WAS SUPERB. SPARKS WERE CONSTANTLY FLYING. RUSSO WAS  CONFIDENT AND VERY RISKY. BROSNAN WAS APPEALINGLY ARROGANT AND SEXY AS  ALWAYS.  THE PLOT WILL KEEP YOU GUESSING AND CONSTANTLY ON YOUR TOES.
0517122707|5.0|There has never been a character so richly developed as Ignatious Reilly.  The author--sadly, deceased--introduced me to the seamy side of New Orleans through the eyes of this offbeat lunatic while incorporating tremendous  humor and humanity into all his characters.  A classic, one to be read over  and over again.  I can pick this book up now and turn to any page and find  myself laughingly absorbed in its brilliant plot.  No doubt Toole  anticipated a sequel, and his suicide is a great loss to the literary  world.
6305657947|5.0|This film is one of the best DVD's I've had the pleasure of seeing.  Brosnan and Russo manage to combine the right mix of tension and chemistry on both a sexual and occupational level to hold your interest to the  climax.  This film has everything lacking from Entrapment - believable  interaction between the stars, a plot that moves along at a decent pace,  and good supporting acting (Dennis Leary.)  The nudity and near nudity  (check out Rene Russo's dress in the dancing sequence) adds to the sexual  tension, as Rene Russo chases Brosnan both sexually and professionally.   The scenery is gorgeous, and the soundtrack has some wonderfully  complementary music.  This is one DVD worth owning, and I would even  consider purchasing the soundtrack.
B00003XB8K|4.0|'The Screen Behind the Mirror' is a dramatic-sounding, compelling CD. At times it plays like the soundtrack to a suspense film; other times it seems to want to seep into your subconscious.  Each time you listen to a track,  there's something else that you didn't catch before...a word, a whisper, an  instrument.<br />I was surprised at how quickly this CD seemed to end (it's  only about 41 mins long), which is why it only got 4 stars.  But the music  contained was exquisite.<br />&quot;Gravity of Love&quot; , &quot;Modern  Crusaders&quot; and &quot;Silence Must Be Heard&quot; are some of the more  memorable tracks, though all of the songs are fascinating. The tracks'  seamless segues make for a more complete &quot;experience&quot; rather than  one song, it's over, next song, etc.<br />This CD sounds even better when you  have a high-quality sound system. Don't cheat yourself out of the  experience...and make sure your bass boost is on!
B000002G26|5.0|This is an excellent album, with remarkable lyrics, especially in track 10. BA rules
0345389409|1.0|The Vampire Lestat.  No more dark mystery.  No more dark profound immortal gift.  Lestat is now just some git with &quot;long nasty, pointy teeth&quot;, as the Monty Python boys would say.  Memnoch belongs in  Southern California at a victim counselling group, talking about how, you  know, like totally misunderstood he is, kay?  God is a bad tempered hippy  with a beard.  Anne tells us all we need to know about evolution and  creation, coz she knows, you know.  She was there, honest.<br />Anne is bored  and has loadsa money, so its time to muck about with her readers for a good  chuckle.  If I had as much cash as her, I suppose I might feel like being  as mischevious and see if I couldn't get away with writing a bit of old  dross like Memnoch the Devil.
0446910201|5.0|This book is a great way to show the world the ways Rubin Carter was wronged. He was an innocent man that was used as a scapegoat. This wonderful man was thankfully later released after a wrongful imprisonment.
B00001MXWX|1.0|Insurrection was the worest movie over Star trek. What i liked about Star trek, It was the peaceful exploration mission Enterprise crew do. That's what Star trek is all about and thats what Gene would have wanted it. Leave  the fighting to Star Wars, Star Trek is peaceful. I feel Star trek is  dieing out so start collecting. They ruined the chance to make DS9 Movies  by splitting crew up at the end. I hated it when they took Star trek themes  out of the shows. &quot;...To Boldly Go Where No man Has gone before&quot;  Gene would not be happy.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is about a young boy trying to excel in the space army.  The stroy line starts off right from the beginning with a bang.  Everyone should read this book.
B000000WCV|1.0|Personally, I like Da funk, but the version I hard before I bought this disc must have been a diferent one.  This is one of Daft Punk's low points.  The beats are way to repetetive, going unchanged and without a tune for  16, 24 or more measures.  I bought it and i don't thing it was worth it.   If yoyu ask me, I'd say get a good import.
0525457585|5.0|This is the one of the best piece I have ever laid eyes on! It is a very suspenseful book because when you expect something to happen the exact opposite happens. But that might be why there are so many pages. This book  has relly oppened my eyes to the reality of the 21 century.
B00000DHTF|5.0|The Track's Box set collection takes some getting used to for a normal Springsteen fan. The reason for that being that these songs are not what has come to be thought of as &quot;Springsteen music&quot;.  There is much  more of a country and early 50's rock feel to some of the music on this  collection.<br />You also get a lot of the evolution to music by the Boss.   Sometimes just a line from a song, a others half the song become something  else. There are ever some instances where the tracks version of a song  turned into two different songs on his normal album work... half turning  into one thing, and the other half into another thing. <br />It took me some  time listening it to get to love this album.  But it is worth having it, as  it is great.
0790737914|4.0|this movie jumps around a fair bit.not really with the story,which is a pretty straight forward whodunnit,but with the characters themselves,esp bud white and jack vincennes.good for relaxing with a shootemup but also  good for something more indepth if you've a mind.jack v's death scene alone  is worth watching this for.
