B000000132|4.0|Turn of the Cards and Ashes are Burning are the highlight of this band's recording output.  Three cuts in particular are standouts, Running Hard, Black Flame, and Mother Russia.  Annie Haslem's voice is remarkable for its  range and power which she used to great dramatic effect without succumbing  to vocal histrionics.  The band compliments her nicely without overplaying.   The only flaw can be found with the occassional lyric which may bring  forth a wince or two from the listener.  Renaissance had a unique sound  that drew heavily from british folk tradition while allowing for a fresh  creative approach.  Sadly, as time progressed and they attempted to update  their sound they eventually lost that which made them unique.  This album  is highly recommended...Simon
0312962118|4.0|I bought this book recently after reading the abridged version. I was very pleased with it so I decided to buy the full version. This book was an amazing story and a real page turner. If you like CIA, KGB, and secret  intelligence story's than this is for you. The only problem I had was that  the book would have been just as good without some of the detailed sex  scenes. Other than that, this is one of the greatest books I've ever read.
B00000JJSK|5.0|Heard the track &quot;Black Woman&quot; on the label's website. If the rest of the album offers such five star material you can guarantee this record will make heroes out of Unida. If you love rock music buy this on my  recommendation alone, I'm that confident this is the next biggie. Bernie  the Bolt.
0060925000|5.0|I am so glad I found this book.  Mr. Seth shows an amazing perception of the feminine heart.  The political scenes, I must admit, I skipped.  It is an enlightening tale of human nature and paints a vivid picture of everyday  human existance in a very colorful India. Highly recommended!
B000002MJC|5.0|Depeche Mode is my favorite band, but compared to some, I'm relatively new to the genre.  I can barely understand why many DM fans don't seem to like it -- maybe they just don't get it -- the band has changed and grown  tremendously since Martin Gore took over.  They aren't likely to record  another &quot;Pimpf&quot;, &quot;More than a Party&quot;, or (thank God)  &quot;Pleasure, Little Treasure&quot;.<br />Don't get me wrong -- many of DM's  best songs are on their earlier albums.  But listening to CONSTRUCTION TIME  AGAIN after hearing SONGS or ULTRA, you'd swear it was Gahan's voice in a  completely different band.  Certainly the technology behind synth music has  come a long, long way since 1981, but the musical development of the band  itself actually outpaces the improvements in their equipment.<br />Martin  Gore's compositional and lyrical talent, scarcely evident in early albums,  hit the mainstream with VIOLATOR but finally matured as with SONGS.  Every  single track is rich with the dark, foreboding forces of essential  humanity.  <br />This is the first DM album I bought, and by far the best.
6303481272|5.0|I just saw this movie the other day and it blew my mind!!  I didn't know what to expect when my friend brought it over to watch.  It was gripping.  The action scenes were unbelievable!!  This movie totally redefines the  meaning of 'hard core' - Not a movie for kids.  If you like martial arts  and action movies this movie is for you.  Great characters, great plot and  story line.  Wait no longer - SEE THIS MOVIE!
B000006054|5.0|If you are familiar at all with Ginsberg, this is a must.  His voice--strong and full of conviction.  These poems were prophecy of what would transpire in the following decades.  I got goosebumps.  What else can  I cay?
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is the ultimate CD. Although all the music from the film is not on the CD, you can just about go through the whole movie in your mind just by listening to it. The 'Duel of the Fates' is unbeatable and I definately  recommend the Star Wars Episode 1 soundtrack to all fans, and even those  only remotely interested
B000002J03|5.0|What an excellent CD!!!  The classic Whole Lotta Love is the least of the songs on this CD...  The ballad, yes, ballad \\"Thank You\\" is beautiful, the bluesy \\"Bring It On Home\\" with its AWESOME  breakout into air-guitar heaven, and the Robert Johnson inspired  \\"Lemon Song\\".  You CAN'T GO WRONG with this CD, unless, of  course, you're a loser who thinks Amy Grant makes good music.
B00000IO4J|5.0|I WENT TO SEE THIS WITH MY GRANDMA AND THOUGHT IT WAS THE GREATEST MOVIE I SAW I THAT YEAR ALONG WITH THE WATERBOY. WELL I LIKE A GOOD HORROR MOVIE AND THIS ONE WAS THE BEST ONE I SAW THAT YEAR AND EVER SINCE. IF I HAD MY  CHOICE I WOULD OWN THAT VIDEO RIGHT NOW BUT HEY I'M THAT 18 SO I CAN'T GET  IT TILL MY PARENTS GET IT FOR ME SO. BYE
B000000WF0|5.0|The Verve is one of the greatest bands of the decade, and this is their best album ever.  Songs like &quot;Velvet Morning,&quot; &quot;Weeping Willow,&quot; and &quot;Lucky Man&quot; are perfect.  I've played this CD  nonstop since its release and I've never gotten tired of it.  If you don't  have &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; already, you must get it!
6305470448|5.0|As a movie-goer, I was enthralled, moved, and entertained by _Shakespeare in Love_ as a whole.  As an avid reader and researcher of Shakespeare and his contemporaries, the whole wonderful, intricate script delighted me from  beginning to end.  I also was relieved at the cast's/director's beautiful  handling of the period and language.  The costumes and streets were not  only authentic, but they actually looked lived-in, which is a look rare to  so-called historically correct movies about the time (which, BTW, are more  or less as much guesswork about Shakespeare's life as this is, without as  much fun!).<br />  I went to see this movie with a group of friends that had  acted in Two Gentlemen of Verona, R&amp;J, Twelfth Night, and many others.   We had a blast catching all the subtle and not-so-subtle references.  I'll  venture to say, however, that you don't need to know anything more about  Shakespeare than his name to enjoy this movie and acclaim it.<br />  One last  note:  I wish I could trade the simple and powerful glimpes of Romeo and  Juliet in this movie for the whole two hour mess that Danes and DiCaprio  gave us in the 1996 R&amp;J.  As I'm sure many of us would. *sigh*
B000000W6R|5.0|Maybe I'm a little biased, seeing as the Pumpkins have been my favorite band for over 4 years now....but this disc is one of the many reasons why!!!!!!!!!   I have NEVER heard a Pumpkin song that I did not like!   All  the songs are beautiful and special in their own ways.  This disc contains  one of my favorite Pumpkins songs, however.   The song is  &quot;Obscured&quot; and it has this AMAZING affect over me.....  after a  long stressful day, I pop in this disc and put on that song first and I can  feel everything begin to melt away.....  Seriously, it is ONE OF THE MOST  BEAUTIFUL SONGS I HAVE EVER HEARD...it sounds like an ANGEL  LULLABY...twinkly and bright and soothing.   The rest of the songs rock,  too.   This disc is WORTH EVERY PENNY!
0553108034|5.0|700 pages?  I don't believe it - it reads like a 200 page novel over before it seems you've begun.  This second book was WONDERFUL but too SHORT (if you can believe it).  Too many characters (too many INTERESTING  characters) that could all have books of their own.<br />Wow, what a book,  what a story, what wonderful characters.  Highly recommended - and there's  no doubt that Martin is here to stay if he continues to produce wonderful  books such as this!
6303212379|5.0|This is the perfect movie for people of all ages!  I can safely say that this is one of those movies that grabs you from the beginning and keeps you hooked all of the way through.  You can watch this movie over and over  again and never get bored!  In my opinion, there's only one way to improve  on this timeless classic, and that is to re-release The Goonies on DVD for  it's 15th anniversary with all of the uncut scenes! Owning this movie is a  must!
6304539282|5.0|Undoubtably the best science fiction movies of all time, with improved special effects, likable characters(both human and alien), evil villains, and a good story. The Star Wars trilogy is incredible.
0790729725|5.0|The movie was great. I will watch it again. Is it just me or did the frames seems to freeze sometimes??  Also, I had to get off the bed and leave my wife hanging while I flip the disc.
0930289234|5.0|Intricate and intelligent, Watchmen is an intense book.  Replacing typical good vs. evil confrontations with moral ambiguity, Alan Moore writes a story questioning how superheroes can make the world a better place (fight  crime? fight its causes? or turn away from fighting and invent things?) and  how far they should go to do so.  All this is wrapped in multiple plot  lines examining different characters struggling to meet the various  challenges placed before them while they move - unknowing or not - toward  the book's central mystery.  These different lines come together in an  ending that, while surprising and imaginative, is still overshadowed by the  power of the story being told.  More dramatic novel than traditional comic  book, reading the Watchmen is an amazing and absorbing experience.
B00000IL1K|5.0|It is so refreshing to hear this CD after listening to some of the garbage they put on the radio. Looking at the track listing one might think this is truly an odd mixture, but somehow it works. Wonderfully at that. My  favorite song is &quot;Un Jour Il Viendra&quot;, but I could do without her  take on &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; even though it is sung in Italian.  I was sick of that song after the second time I heard it and even Sarah  can't breathe new life into it. Otherwise it's an excellent album, and one  that will stay in my collection for many years to come.
0930289234|5.0|You must read it. It is the greatest comic ever made
0767809246|5.0|I have loved this movie since the first time I saw it, and I have seen it so many times now I couldn't even tell you how many! This has to be the best movie of all times, it will make you laugh and cry! Teddy, Vern,  Chris, and Gordy will touch and bring back memories of all the friends you  have had in your life, and it makes you think of things you and your best  friends done when you were a kid, I would tell everyone to watch this  movie, and to buy it, I own a copy and its the best movie I ever bought!
0345350499|5.0|This book is one of the best that I have ever read. I am an avid reader of Aurthurian legend, and this is one of the best books on it by far. The book is mostly written in the 3rd person, yet there are segments in which Morgaine Le Fay speaks. Thoughts of many of the other characters is also  included in the novel.
6303398480|3.0|I pointed out to my daughter that the same person who directed &quot;Independence Day&quot; also directed this movie.  She replied, &quot;Is that why they're both so good?&quot;  Well, truth to tell, I  thought Independence Day was a pretty good movie because it didn't pretend  to be anything more than a good earth vs. bad alien movie made to entertain  people.  Stargate attempted to be a bit deeper but ended up being silly.   No more so than the old black and white sci-fi movies I used to watch on  weekend afternoons or late Saturday nights, I guess.  I liked those and I  liked Stargate as long as I accept them for what they are- implausible and  somewhat silly.  But they're fun, too.  My two kids really liked this movie  and found it fascinating, and I'm sure I would have felt the same way when  I was their age.
B000003NA4|5.0|I first saw Diana Krall on a CBS &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; profile last year. She sounded interesting, so I bought the CD for my husband (a jazz lover). Well, we both loved it and it is now MY favorite --- it never comes  out of the stereo. All of the songs just envelop you like you are listening  to liquid silk. <br />She makes each lyric sound like they are her own. I've  never heard &quot;Peel me a Grape&quot; before, and it was months before I  reallized she didn't write it. It's now my own personal anthum.<br />The most  romantic collection of songs I've ever heard. I never tire of listening to  this CD. Can't wait to get her next one. Diana, please keep them coming!!
0792151720|3.0|I could hold out no longer- I was able to rent this from the library for free, so I figured I might as well see what all the fuss was about.  I must say the special effects in this film are outstanding, and James Cameron's  direction was excellent.  I enjoyed the 2nd half of the film more than the  first because of the action when the ship began to sink.  But Best Picture?   The story and acting were mediocre.  The true redeeming feature was how  well the sinking of the unsinkable ship was portrayed on film.  It was  enjoyable to watch... but then, we also rented &quot;Volcano&quot; the same  weekend and found that to be enjoyable, too (with about the same level of  writing, though with actors/actresses floundering with embarrassingly bad  lines).  So why not &quot;Volcano&quot; for best picture instead of  &quot;Titanic?&quot;
B00000099Y|5.0|The most significant and creative album any band had ever managed to produce. All original. Very satisfyingly ethereal.
B0000028PL|3.0|All the great characteristics of this band are still evident on this one, but for me, the songs fall a little flat. It doesn't mean that it's still not a good CD, it is. It's just that compared to the first two, the music  on ths one is a little stagnent and the experiments don't quite come off as  well. Musically, this seems more of a lateral move than a forward one. This  still has some great songs on it though, and is still a good addition to  any collection. The band broke up shortly after this one came out.
B00000J7JO|5.0|i think the other guy was wron
0590353403|4.0|As a children's librarian, I am delighted to see kids going nuts about reading, especially a long book like this. To be sure, it is well done and entertaining. Yet I still feel at a loss to explain why this book in  particular has become such a mania, especially among adults, when there are  many other equally good books out there. Surely the fad aspect has  something to do with it, though as I say it is nice to have a fad with  something basically good at its heart. I just hope kids will be moved by  this to find the myriad other magical books out there for their own  discovery, and not to be pied pipered simply because everyone seems to be  doing it in a kind of Oprahlike frenzy.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Found this to be the best of any Sarah cd's with just a couple of my fav's not on it (but it would probably mean a double cd).<br />Her voice and all her bands music and back up vocals, sound as it they are playing in my  backyard.  <br />I have bought a couple of copies so that I may have others  interested in her music.
B000002UEB|5.0|When I first borrowed this tape from my aunt I thought it would be yet another metel band screaming in my ear.  I am so happy I was wrong! I'm not normaly a fan of this type of music but for Queensryche I'll make an  exception!  I loved Operation:Mindcrime from the first note I heard and now  I have the whole colletion of thier CD's.  I deffinately cannot wait for  the next one!
0385486804|3.0|I enjoyed the book and found it thought-provoking. I could identify with many of the young man's feelings, and agree with the author that, had he lived, he probably would have grown out of much of his immaturity.  I don't  see Chris as a heroic figure.  He seemed quite willing to abandon his  ideals when they were inconvenient.  For example, lying about where he was  living while working at McDonald's, and most puzzling to me, living in the  bus.  Why would he reject maps, compass, etc. in order to live in a wilder  environment untouched by man and then live in a bus furnished with a stove?  Of course he was free to make those choices, they just ruined the  &quot;heroic holder of high ideals&quot; aspect for me (not that I am any  better!)  I also agree with another reader's review that Krakauer really  missed out by ignoring Chris' belief in God, since Chris referred to Him  often in his letters and in his final note.  Yet, Krakauer *does* mention  that Ron Franz became an atheist and Chris' Mom stopped praying.  In that  way I thought the book was unfairly biased.  Chris wasn't bitter at God,  but thanked Him for a good life.  God allows people the freedom to take  risks and make choices, and I think Chris understood that.
B0000039QA|5.0|best cd ever all rapers need to listien to this they couldlearn something kick a**
0345350499|5.0|I have never become part of a book the way that I did with this one. Through Morgaine, Vivaine, and even Gwynhwyfar, my view of what I thought as Truth was completely changed.  It caused me to question all that I know, all I have always seen as black and white for myself, and consider another  facet. I came to realize that we have no place to judge the actions of  others, as we were not standing in their shoes at that moment in time.   Even my view of what we think of as Religion was changed.  A true growing  experience when read with an open mind.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Blind are almost identical to the 80's Australian punk band the Hard Ons.  Why Blink &quot;made it&quot; and the Hard Ons faded to obscurity is largely due to two factors, their name (less offensive) and the decade(punk  is now a commercial commodity).  The Hard Ons wrote hook-laden, hummable  pop songs, played with jacked up, enormously huge/loud guitars.  Blink does  much the same, although they have tamed it a bit since Cheshire (they smell  money), which is  a shame since the world really doesn't need another  softie punk band.  For those who like the old Blink, check out the Hard  Ons' stuff (if you can get it).
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Great job Offspring! Our graduating class had Why don't you get a job? As our class song.
6302293553|5.0|In a previous life, I got a Ph.D. in medieval literature. If you know anything at all about the Arthurian legends, you'll find this film doubly hilarious: the Pythons actually used a lot of motifs straight out of the tales (e.g., the castle of women) and gave them their own special, twisted treatment. They're fearlessly irreverent (the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch had me rolling on the floor), and even if some of the jokes (e.g. the non-horses) get a little old after a while, there's so much wildly original material that you're too busy laughing to care. Stuffed shirts beware: you'll laugh till your stuffing comes out your nose!
630529142X|5.0|If you look about 38 minutes into the film... you can probably see me running towards the Mud Dogs in their first win.  I worked ten days on the set of the Waterboy and had a lot of fun.  It was shot in March 1998 in  Orlando, Florida... in other words, freezing mornings and sun-burning  afternoons.  It was fa lot of fun and I was pleased with the final product.   Thank you, Ellen Jacoby (Extras Casting), for putting me in the film.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|I got this cd as a gift and had never heard Offspring before except for the Pretty Fly for a White Guy song on the radio.  My favourite song is &quot;Feelings&quot; which is absolutely hilarious but I like every song on  the cd.  I have been replaying it for the past week.  I don't label myself  as a punk fan but I loved the energy and anger in these songs.  I'm going  to try the Smash album that everyone else is raving about.
6300248569|5.0|This was the most true to the book and the best of all P &amp; P's I've seen thus far.  Even better than the A&amp;E version that lasted for 5 hours! This Mr. Darcy was...well...sexier!  I could gaze into his eyes for  hours!  And Elizabeth Garvie's portrayal of Eliza Bennet far exceeded my  expectations.  A clear winner.  There's no need in making another!
B00000IOSU|3.0|I am Sarah's #1 fan in the world so I feel guilty not giving mirrorball five stars. The problem is I listen to Sarah so much that a live album like this with no new material bored me pretty quickly since there is not much  deviation from the studio versions. It should have had more songs from  &quot;solace&quot; and at least &quot;vox&quot; from &quot;touch&quot;.  I  really think it should've been a double cd taped from ONE show.  That would  be the only way to capture the &quot;live sarah mclachlan experience&quot;  that leaves YOU surrendering to HER on your knees.
0385493800|5.0|A terrific book, not ashamed to treat religion and values seriously.  The Phelans represent what can happen when enormous wealth is not accompanied by maturity and responsibility.  Nate O'Reilly's humanness evokes sympathy  and empathy, and I found myself cheering him on every step of the way.  I  loved the ending!  A book truly worth reading--a real page turner--NOT  filled with sex and violence.  Thank you, John Grisham!
6302814634|4.0|Most agree that this movie is entertaining, fast paced, with amusing dialogue and an excellent ensemble cast.  And its scary - lots of jolts - however the real suspense is rooted not in vampires, but in Jason Patric's  dilemma - how far will he fall? Can he be saved? There are two sub-themes  of note as well.  One is, yes! - family values.  The love of his brother  (Corey Haim) brings Jason Patric's character back from the brink of  personal disaster.  Mom (goofily played by Dianne Wiest), whose tolerance  for her relations' peculiarities almost costs her her life, is obviously  the soul of the family, while it is Grandpa who saves everybody's skin (pun  intended).    The screenplay - very hip for its time - does not seem to  engender the actual respect it deserves because of its very cleverness,  which overshadows the real depth and warmth that actually make the  movie  cohere. The symbolism of the &quot;lost boys&quot; obsession for blood and  their addiction to being cool is a clever analogy for the addictions of a  generation caught up in drugs. The symbolism of the blood-suckers'  seduction of otherwise happy youth seems fairly obvious, yet appears opaque  to most viewers riding the surface entertainment of the movie (the  amusement park and rides setting is no accident) &quot;Lost Boys&quot; can  be pure fun, or something deeper - with its excellent ensemble cast, family  values, and symbolism, it also boasts fast-paced action, wit and a surface  that is hip, slick and cool, making this an excellent example of its genre,  and  a far better movie than most reviewers give it credit for.
0767815343|4.0|Finally got around to seeing this and was very impressed.  The story is compelling, the performances are excellent, and the score is haunting, but ultimately it is Stone's tight, effective screenplay that makes this movie  work so well.  No, it does not give a very favorable impression of the  Turkish people, but given the circumstances of the prisons there at this  time, it is probably realistic.  The &quot;pigs&quot; courtroom speech is  absolutely true to how Hayes would have felt at that point.  A perceptive  viewer would understand the context of his speech and assume that in  reality not all Turks are pigs.  Context is everything.  Ultimately,  though, that doesn't have much to do with the point of the movie.  It  documents in painstaking detail the brutality and the suffering this young  man went through.
0425129586|5.0|This book was one of the most thrilling and suspenseful novel I've ever read!  I love the way she played with the words.  I also liked the way she showed the actual human emotions and actions while under pressure! the book  begins with an intriguing entrance and a grand finale ending!!
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica does not hold anything back in their interpretations of other songwriters' music. Disc one with the new covers will floor you from the start; disc two from the 80's follows up with the knockout blow. <br />Some  reviewers have trashed the first disc as being inferior but it is not; it  shows that a hard-core band can successfully mature without losing their  intensity. Die Die Darling is just as powerful as Stone Cold Crazy, with a  more refined feel. Whiskey in the Jar totally envelopes the listener on an  emotional joy-ride. <br />As a long-time fan of Rush, I have heard the  arguement a hundred times that a band's early material is superior to their  newer stuff. I counter with this - if a band's music does not evolve and  mature as its members do, then what's left is just a shell of that band's  former self. I cite AC/DC as a perfect example (they have tried to  duplicate Back in Black a half dozen times with total failure and now fail  to even recapture the magic of Powerage and High Voltage). <br />Metallica is  neither better now nor worse than before; they are different in their  approach and maturity. Thankfully so, as we all may hope to enjoy their  music for years to come without it feeling fake (Rolling Stones?).   Granted, some fans with narrow views and tastes may be turned off, but the  no band can please everyone all the time.  That's what CD collections are  for!<br />I highly recommend Garage, Inc. without any reservations. <br />I also  welcome any comments on the above views.
B000002VMH|5.0|Even after 5+ years of its first release, this CD is still appealing.  For music fans of Annie Lennox, this one is definitely the one to own.  Un CD muy bueno, con letras bastante conmovedoras.  Muy recomendable.
0784011796|5.0|Now this is what I call a movie! Now I'm just mad at myself because I did not see it sooner. Well, I have to say that anyone who has got, not just an open mind, but an intellectual mind as well,  will love this film. It's one  of those movies that makes you really think. I wish I could say a little  bit more, but then I would be giving it away. Highly recommended!
0553470485|5.0|I've been reading this book to my daughter, who is 4. She listens with rapt attention, and is fascinated by the characterizations of the different animals. I don't really try to simplify reading to her, and am surprised  how much she understands. This classic is a step back into the past and  quite refreshing -- feels like time slows down to enjoy life.
6303965415|5.0|The lead actress may not be beautiful but the passion she portrays shows you just how beautiful Anne is inside as well as out.  This video &quot;pierces the soul&quot;  of the romantic.
6303913881|5.0|Fantastically well-made and hugely underappreciated, this glittering modern-day &quot;All About Eve&quot; is engaging and surprisingly moving. Joe Esterhas and Paul Verhoeven have made an emotionally and visually  stunning masterpiece ripe with a mix of passion and cynicism. Elizabeth  Berkley and Gina Gershon deliver intense performances as rival Las Vegas  dancers. The extravagant set- and costume-design are as lush and beautiful  as the story.
B000002LHX|5.0|I think this is a great, fun Prince album. It's just quirky and weird enough to be interesting (sort of like the Tim Burton directed Batman movie!) &quot;Trust&quot; and &quot;Electric Chair&quot; are funky and I  really like &quot;Vicki Waiting.&quot; Prince kind of lost me a little bit  in 1988 with Lovesexy, but I remember being very psyched when the Batman  album came out in 1989 and got it the first day it came out. It's a fun cd  and it still holds up 10 years later!
B000005H40|5.0|If I could only own 3 CDs, they would be: Coltrane's Blue Train; Miles Davis' Birth of the Cool; and Joao Gilberto's Brasileiro. I cannot understand why somebody rated this album lower than 5 stras.  Well, c'est  la vie! Buy this album before it's too late!
6300214753|5.0|This movie is really good.  I will never forget the first time I watched it
B00000IPAX|5.0|The first time I heard this Cd was on the radio it was pretty cool. I love their music! It's soo great.
6302413931|5.0|Apocalypse Now is a screen masterpiece.  The cinematography is outstanding, and along with the suppurb lighting, Coppola's story telling abilites shine through.  Taken from Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness, as  well as Homer's Odysey, the movie portrays horror and darkness in the  Vietnam war better than any other.
B000002KIE|1.0|Some say that this band was the original punk band, some say the Ramones, some say the MC5, but the original punk band was The Gas Company with their single ``Blow Your Mind`` in 1965. It shreds the Sex Pistols but it still  sucked. 0 stars for the Pistols and the Gassers.
6304145225|5.0|This movie is just sick thats all I can sa
B00000JCB2|5.0|I have to say that &quot;Significant Other&quot; is the best from the 1st. The beats and lyrics are phat and some special peeps are in the CD. Like the &quot;Bald Man&quot;
0671015206|5.0|I am a financial professional and after working all day in the field, I read financial books, magazines etc for fun.  Like diet books, there are many degreed people who have written books with vastly different theories  on how to get from 1 to a million.  This is the first book that draws  conclusions form an in-depth and scientifically conducted study.  We all  know how Michael Jordan and Bill Gates became wealthy but they do not  represent how the vast majority of people with a net worth of over $1  million got their piece of the pie.  These people are well described in the  book and actually represented in my life by my parents and my husband's  parents.  In my teens and twenties I questioned their teachings  dramatically since my peer group at work and socially was sending the  message 'get the BMW now!'  Fortunately , I had just enough presence of  mind to remember that these people were not millionaires and although they  might get there someday it wasn't easy to see how they would accomplish  this.  By following the path laid out by Stanley and Danko's real life  millionaires, it seems very clear that even those of moderate income can  get to a million dollar net worth.  There are other paths - just ask  Madonna but the probabilities of getting a millionaire using another method  are very low like a lottery.  There could be barriers beyond one's control  such as serious health problems but barring these types of extremes, there  are no excuses, only lack of planning and implementation.  Incidentally, by  following their methods - my husband and I crossed the million dollar mark  this year (our ages 46 &amp; 39) - next step early retirement!
B000001FDQ|4.0|It's been over a decade since last I listened to this album, and it's still great.  Sadly yngwie had never surpassed this one, or come close.  A technical wizard he might be, but his playing now a days is just  improvisational mish mash rehashing the same licks, and scales over and  over (but in different keys).  What Yngwie needs to do is sit down and  learn something new. This album showed such potential....
B00000J2KR|5.0|Other writers have commented on the flim's sumptuous gorgeousness, its meticulous production values, its ground-breaking technical achievements in lighting--all true.  What's been almost  completely ignored is the uniform excellence of the supporting performaces  (from many of the same actors who appearred in &quot;A Clockwork  Orange&quot;).  A chapter of biographical sketches of actors and  technicians would have been greatly appreciated. As for Ryan O'Neal,  well.... he is sort of the black hole at the center of the movie's  universe, but that's the idea, too.  Everyone else does a warm, rich job,  every other performance is as believeable as every shot.  You can  practically smell the scenes, whether they take place on the battlefield,  in the country, or the gambling parlor. <br />Granted, the movie does begin to  drag a bit near the end--a real problem for a piquaresque tale--but then it  picks up steam again and ironically seems to end too quickly.  One of the  longest scenes (the duel near the end) is absolutley compelling.
B00000I924|5.0|Yes! Jeff Beck is a Master, and &quot;Who Else&quot; is a Masterpiece! Do not heed the counsel of nay sayers on this one. Someone has finally secured us from the Aristic guitar dungeon for which many have lived for the past  ten years. And that someone is Jeff Beck &quot;Who Else.&quot;
B000002U9W|5.0|This is Pink Floyd. Their ability to make the listeners go crazy is amazing. Here ALL the tracks are good, with Atom being the best. Check Meddle out too, it's very similar to this one.
6305161879|5.0|What can be said? In the eleven years since this film was made, no other comedy has reached its heights. Wonderful comic timing, excellent dialogue, good actors, witty script, and the right amount of Pythonesque craziness  and non-PC-ness when it comes to stutterers, little old ladies and their  dogs, and other delicate subjects.<br />&quot;And, Otto... The London  Underground is NOT a political movement!!&quot;
0375707972|4.0|&quot;The Reader&quot; should be read not in comparison to other much more complex contemporary novels, but must be read by those who wish to have a break from such complexity. It is a simple story that Schlink tells: a love affair between a boy and a woman. Yet it is dense in issues and themes that  Schlink presents subtly: secrets and deceptions, courage and fear, love and  lust between two people, each having a different history, and each from a  different time and place. Schlink does not force the reader to think about  the issues now, but puts the ideas in the reader's head to drift and  wallow, until they evaporate. Schlink asks the question: Could love be  possible in such a context? An answer to this question is a re-examination  of the reader's values and morals. For this, &quot;The Reader&quot; becomes  a sparkling grain of sand in a vast, vast beach.
B000002N2Z|5.0|I've lived in Sacramento for a long time, I have never seen a hotter local band. They mix soft screams with heavy beats. I love the cd.
B000002HMH|2.0|Mettalica has sold out. The only reason I gave it two stars was I like only ONE SONG it is &quot;wasting my hate&quot;. They have lost all song writing capabilities and their speed.
B000002IZ4|5.0|While I can't help but laugh at the person who said that Purple is better than all of Led Zeppelin's albums combined (it isn't as good as Physical Graffiti), there is no denying that it is a great album.  With hard-rocking  songs like Meatplow and Vasoline, along with slower ones like Interstate  Love Song and Big Empty, this album is not just entertaining but diverse as  well.  While I cannot quite rank it with the likes of Apetite For  Destruction, Are You Experienced?, or Ride The Lightning, it is nontheless  an excellent CD and well worth the money.  The only song I don't like is  Pretty Penny.
6302914191|5.0|Twin peaks is my far the standest show ever on TV. Its very possible to become obsessed with (I DID.) Great Story, people, Great Show!
1573226521|5.0|I loved this book.  Garland is an excellent writer -- his descriptions and the flow of his words made me thirst for the book everytime I put it down.  I read it in two days, but I was completely torn the entire time -- do I  read it like I can't get enough of it or do I read slowly, pacing myself,  so I can savor it?  I couldn't help myself and thus finished it much too  quickly.  It's been several weeks, and I feel like a drug addict -- I read  voraciously, hoping to reclaim the high that The Beach gave me.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This cd is a wonderful compilation og her last 2 cds,they sound (SOMEHOW) even better than the originals! Definetely a must have for anyone even slightly intersted inher. I knew one song on both cds and now i love the  whole album!
B0000013G9|5.0|i got this album in july of '99 and even though it came out in '94 almost five years ago i still wanted this album. i listen to it more than fanmail which is alot. so what i'm trying to say is that I LOVE THIS ALBUM AND  ECSPECIALY TLC
B00000AF95|3.0|I cant say that it is a bad album...but there are songs that are really bad, like thrills in the night. Heavens on fire is a super song comparing with the rest.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|this is really good. i did not know it would be like this it is grea
B00000ADG2|5.0|My favorite songs on the albulm are &quot;Forgive them Father&quot; and &quot;I used to love him&quot;. In &quot;Forgive...&quot;, I remembered a situation in elementary school where I had many &quot;friends&quot;. Then,  as soon as I started getting lead roles in school plays and maintaining my  good grades, they turned. Also, I am a kind person and I often tried to  find alternatives to altercations and therefore, they took advantage of my  kindness and treated me horribly and I was ignorant enough to let them get  away with it. But I realize that revenge is God's and I pray that he will  forgive them.  Now as for &quot;I used...&quot;, there was this guy who I  kinda liked and he liked me. However, once he went to a party and did all  of these unethical things and his explanation for this was &quot;because I  wasn't there&quot; so, I went home and listened to this song and it  inspired me and I talked to this guy and broke it off because I have other  things to be focusing on at this early stage in my life. Many of the other  songs reflected many situations I've had and all the music is off the  hook,and the lyrics move and motivate me, but these 2 songs had the most  impact on me, personally, and I appreciate Lauryn for writing the songs she  does and for being willing to speak up and have her own style without  worring what other people think. Thank you for everything you have done for  me Mrs. Lauryn Hill.
B0000025RQ|5.0|Every metal band has it's pinnacle albums, it's peak performance.  Is it just me, or has Judas Priest had more than one of these?  This is one of the best Metal albums of all time!  I've heard Judas Priest's work from  'Sin after Sin' to 'Jugulator', and I must say that this is probably their  best all-around album, followed closely by Painkiller, Defenders of the  Faith, British Steel, and Jugulator. These are true Legends of Metal.  I  only wonder how The Ripper would've sounded had the vocals on this album  originally been done by HIM!  It's quality may actually go up!!!  No true  Metalhead should miss this album!
B00000IO4I|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this gem of a film. The story is simple and not a little metaphorical. The finding of one's own voice is something that many of us can relate to. Unfortunately though, I was left with the jarring,  discordant memories of Michael Caine's character and LV's mother  dominanting my impression, at the expense of some of the more exquisitly  delicate aspects of the story. Ewan McGregor's Billy was brilliantly  underplayed and the perfect foil for Jane Horrock's LV. I replayed all of  their scenes to balance the lingering discord, and that worked relatively  well. I think if the director and the editor had been more judicious in  their decisions about the length of time that overwhelming characters were  on screen the film would have been a masterpiece.
B000002KDM|5.0|I HAVE TWO MASTER'S DEGREES IN MUSIC, OWN LITERALLY THOUSANDS OF TITLE'S, AND HAVE HEARD THOUSANDS MORE. IF I WAS GOING TO BE STRANDED ON A DESERTED ISLAND FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE WITH ONLY ONE RECORDING, I'D CHOOSE  &quot;MUD SLIDE SLIM&quot;. PERIOD. END OF DISCUSSION.
B00000AFFI|5.0|its a dark album but the album still incredible and great.It is the greatest albums of 1998.
0788811355|5.0|Rickly deserved all of the Academy Awards (it really swept that year).<br />I love this movie, it's definitely one of the best films of the 1990's, and possibly of all time. It is such a rich film, the images so original and  dense, the story so compelling and intense, the finale so devastating and  extreme. What makes this film different from so many other love stories  gone bad is its beauty; at the end you're left exhausted and sad, but not  empty. This is one movie that caresses the viewer like its stunning opening  shot of the plane gliding over the golden dunes of the desert. The  characters are well-rounded, and the entire production is wrapped in a veil  of nuance. This is a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and everyone should  experience it to feel that much more human.
0441003257|5.0|You will need several copies of this book. One is for yourself, the other is to loan to your friends. If you loan this book out you will never get it back. I know, that's how I got my hardcover copy. I first read it 9 years  ago and can't count how many times I've read it since then. You'll find  yourself re-reading it many times. You'll also find yourself recommending  it to friends. I'm constantly telling people &quot;you're life is not  complete until you've read this book&quot;, but I refuse to loan my copy to  anyone. This book is about what happens when the anti-christ is raised by a  nice normal family, the end of the world is approaching and an angel and a  demon are in cahoots to stop it. Very funny, very wicked.
B00000DLV1|4.0|Normally I wouldn't post a review for an album that has over twenty perfectly credible reviews already, but I'm afraid something must be clarified: the songs on the PNYC live album are not &quot;as good as&quot;  the album versions, as so many reviewers have said, but are in fact 30-70%  BETTER than their studio counterparts (percentage varies for specific  tracks). This mainly has to do with the intensity of the vocals. Maybe it's  a natural side-effect of the live performance, maybe it's only a difference  in volume, but to put it bluntly, it's hard to believe Beth Gibbons isn't  singing with a sock over her face on &quot;Dummy&quot; and  &quot;Portishead&quot; after hearing the insane amount of overtone,  undertone, and just plain tone that come through on this recording.  Whatever was sacrificed of Portishead's usual spooky, distant atmosphere by  removing the muffler from Gibbons' voice is more than made up for by the  emotion and clarity here. If you buy only one Portishead album this year  (though i'd recommend two or three), this *is* the one to get.
6304602944|3.0|Uh, this movie like, uhh, rocked and stuff, especially the shower scene with Kurt Russell and Sly Stallone. Explosions and car chases mar the otherwise tender story of men who wear badges, love each other, and put  their lives on the line each day.
B000003BEM|5.0|This was the second great album from the Stones. Here they emerged from The Beatles shadow. It's a very different album from The White Album. I've seen the arguments below, but the White Album, for its flaws is every bit  as great as Beggar's Banquet. The difference is that BB has no fat; it's as  lean as the Stones sound on this record. The White Album has a number of  weak moments, but the overall effort is still as powerful, despite being  diluted.<br />Let It Bleed and Sticky Fingers would cement their reputation  and, with the exception of Exiles, they would coast on these exceptional  works for years to come.
B000009MF7|5.0|The detailing in this performance is terrific; Boulez has the orchestra wonderfully in balance and the recording is transparent. The disc immediately became one of my favorites.
014028009X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  I am only 16, but I felt like I could still relate to Bridget in some ways.  This book was both funny and sad.  It touched me deep inside at some moments so that I wanted to cry and made me  laugh out loud at others.  Bridget was totally believable.  I felt like she  was sitting right next to me and we were having a conversation- not that it  was only a book.
6304044836|5.0|I Am an avid Audrey Hepburn fan, but I have to admit that the remake of Sabrina is much better than the originial version.  Not because of Julia Ormond, but because of Harrison Ford.  He brought the character of Linus to life.  He made me believe that Linus was the crude businessman, yet somehow humanized him into a character that could fall in love and have a life.  I must admit that as much as I love Bogey, I liked Ford better as Linus. The chemistry between Ormond and Ford was definitely there. I would love to see these two play opposite on another project.  This is certainly a movie to have in your private collection.
B00000IXCA|5.0|The debate between the above critics is quite comical.  Is everyone watching the same video?  One reviewer took the video to task for over editorializing when in fact this doc. is done in broad strokes that allow  the cult members to tell their own story. The feeling at the end is that  one has truly learned about the birth of a religion.  You might not agree  with the beliefs but you can't deny the bibical nature of the tale.   One  reviewer complained about lighting being poor.  This is because the doc.  contains home videos from the cult members themselves.  So of course it has  a raw feeling.    Well worth seeing.
6304798482|4.0|Yeah, it was predictable. Yeah, it was formulaic. Yeah, it was a bit slow in parts. But dammit if it wasn't CREEPY as all hell! The brooding atmosphere was enough to keep me scared. Not to mention --- Jeremy Northam  is a BABE.
6302415993|4.0|It's a miracle that more lives were not lost in that chaos...from overdoses if nothing else!
6303014100|5.0|I had seen this movie once or twice and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Subsequently read &quot;The Killer Angels,&quot; and found the movie very true to the Pulitzer Prize-winning book.<br />I recently watched the film  again and tried to focus on the criticisms from some of the other  re-viewers.  Here is my response:<br />Music -- I was not bothered in the  least by the music. I thought it added to the drama.  If it was too loud,  lower the volume on your TV set.<br />Length -- Admittedly, it is not always  easy to block out 4-and-a-half hours.  However, the movie can be easily  watched in two parts -- indeed it was designed that way.  As a result,  there are TWO dramatic climaxes. Personally, I prefer to watch it all at  once.  I cannot imagine cutting anything out of this film -- let alone two  hours, as one reviewer suggested.  Instead, it left me yearning for  more.<br />Battle vs. non-battle scenes -- The battle scenes were poignant,  dramatic, riveting.  But you don't watch a movie like this for the battle  scenes alone.  There are plenty of &quot;smash 'em up, blow 'em up&quot;  movies for people who are into that genre.  This is a thinking person's  movie. We WANT to know about the Armistead-Hancock relationship, the  debates between Lee and Longstreet over strategy, Pickett's devastation at  the decimation of his division, Chamberlain's compasionate leadership, etc.    <br />Finally, someone earlier said that &quot;Jeff Bridges' beard looks  painted on&quot; . . . I looked long and hard, but did not find Jeff  Bridges anywhere . . . unless I'm missing something.  Jeff Daniels was in  the film, but he did not have a beard.  Again, perhaps I missed  something.<br />Every time I watch this film, I learn something new, or pick  up on something that I missed earlier.  That -- among other things -- makes  it a great film -- one that I will go back to again and again.
6305364648|5.0|Great Movie- NOT DIRECTED BY ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER (see top of page) PLEASE FIX
0375707972|5.0|This book is one of those you just cannot put down.  This book contains intense joy and intense sorrow.  It is like none other I have read.  I would highly recommend it to all.
0060273224|5.0|I read this book after a freind sugessted it to me. I won't even try to explain it because, I think it's impossible though it is a great book you have to read it. I finally firgured out who he wallmakers relect is it's  Mogget the free magic cat. This story is filled has magic, a evil dead  prince. A half prince that was once part of a ship mast head and the very  best Charter Stones (which keept the dead from entering untill they were  broken). Sabreil came to life as I read about her problems and trumpths,  weaknesses and stengths in the end she must face the fact that she will  take over her fathers postion and lay to rest the dead. If you are even  considering reading this book stop and read it!!!!!!
0783229100|5.0|This delightful action/comedy is a joy to watch from start to finish. Chases, plot twists, humor, romance, music, and light drama, 'THE STING' has it all and is a perfect Hollywood gem in every way. The charming 1930s  atmosphere is a wonderful setting created with excellent art direction.   Redford and Newman play two slick con artists out to get revenge on a  Chicago crime boss who rubbed out one of their partners. A touching story  of friendship evolves as these two human and likable swindlers try to make  the big con. Meticulously written with superb performances and chemistry, I  have seen this film many times and never get tired of it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|You gotta love a guy who manages to fuse electronic music with folk and blues and somehow manage to make it sound like a new form of music. Terrific and sparkling and wonderfully original. The album of the year.
0451196716|4.0|Truly a captivating book that was hard to put down.  I enjoyed every step of the long walk.  i was a little disappointed with the ending though.  I would have liked to have seen what happened to the winner in the short and long term.
0684867621|4.0|Keeping writing plain horror has probably bored mr. King, and &quot;Bag of Bones&quot; showed us that. It took a very lot of pages to reach the dark core of the story.  With this great book, though, he manages to scare  people right from page 10. What I loved most of this book was that for once  monsters weren't as easy to see as they were in other books. They were  hidden in the mind and the soul of that little girl, and we feared and  cried with her while all those things happened to her (no spoliers, all  right...).  I found myself lost in those woods, in a real, dark, wonderful  way. Just like only Stephen King can make me feel.  This book is ideal for  everyone who ever believed there was SOMETHING hidden in the dark, right  there.
0385493800|2.0|Boy, does this book stink.  Grisham has lost his touch and is just going through the motions to crank out cash. He insults his audience. Heart of Darkness meets The Man In Full.  What a disappointing meeting.  Save your  money and your time.
0767830555|5.0|Though the transfer could have been slightly better, seeing this movie in widescreen along with all the extras is worth it's price. The best feature on the disk is one that allows you to toggle between the movie and an on  screen version of the screenplay
B00000J2KT|1.0|I enjoyed this movie, but the DVD was a rush release if I ever saw one.  No widescreen and only the center channel is used for sound.  What a rip-off.  I recommend you rent this before you buy.
0671004107|5.0|After watching the movie, I _finally_ decided to get the book to see if it cleared up any of the (relatively few) plot holes that were in movie.  And for me at least, it did.  Fortunately, the book rarely used complex technical terms and so was very easy to understand.  I couldn't recommend a  better science fiction book!
B00000IQC8|5.0|rude, crude, and hilarious. a must see for any guy. seriously a &quot;guy&quot; movie every girl I know hates it, every guy loves it. Kevin Smith is the greatest. also check out Mallrats and Chasing amy.
B000000WZ4|5.0|For those looking for another &quot;Violator,&quot; or &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; forgetaboutit!  Depeche Mode have made a great effort to produce a different sound each time out since 1986.  And I think each CD  has been a bit better than the last.  ALthough reduced to a trio, DM is  more mature, more balanced, and well on its way to becoming the first  synth-pop band to be nominated into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.  You  heard it here first...
6301963911|5.0|This is Woody Allen's best movie. It is at once the most typical Woody Allen movie, but also the most accessible for non-fans. Revolutionary structure and editing, but also incredibly funny. Holds up well to this  day.
B000002MJC|4.0|This album is Depeche Mode's only &quot;rock&quot; album.  And it is aging well, now over 6 years after its initial release.  I think they pull off a Blues style quite well.  They could never do a serious attempt at Blues  (see Steve Hackett's &quot;Blues With a Feeling&quot; which was a failed  attempt at Blues by a non-Bules musician), but the mix they set up here  works quite well.  n retrospect, we know that Dave Gahan was at the height  of his heroin addiction, and that certainly contributed to the dark  character of this album.  Martin Gore's lyrics are as strong as ever on  this CD.  If you don't have it, get it!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Want to hear the Goddess sing? ...to weep in her arms and feel  what your heart may have forgotten? Sarah Brightman truly brings the Goddess  to Earth in her Eden CD. Her performance in NYC was wonderful. Thanks Sarah!  We love you! V.Susan Ferguson
0385493800|4.0|The characters are great, the story is tremend, everything seems perfect, but I expected a more controversy ending from Grisham.. anyway a great book , READ IT.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah has done it again, she captured my heart in the vidieo, so the cd was a must have. Everytime I listen to Butterfly or see the vidieo, I think of my horse. This CD is a MUST HAVE
B000000HHE|5.0|That may sound stupid, but it's true.  This is a fun album that puts you in a good mood.
B000002KLP|5.0|This is by far my all-time favorite Prince album. #1 &quot;Dirty Mind&quot;.  Prince made a song explaining exactly the way I felt about my significant other.  His knack for doing this is uncanny, but I'm so glad he  has it.  As  teenager growing up fast I probably didn't need to hear alot  of the lyrics, I mean, just listen to &quot;Head&quot;!!  I believed  sharing the same zodiac sign (Gemini) is the reason I connected solidly  with this artist.  Sharing the same view on various topics dealing with  love,life and sex.  The most unrecognized song by this artist is  &quot;Gotta broken heart again&quot; The infectious beats,hot lyrics and  raw sexuality makes this one of Prince's most dynamic recordings.  I really  miss music like this, no one makes it anymore (not even Prince).
B000002W5J|3.0|This is in support of the fan below who demands to know what RCA is doing (or not doing). &quot;All Music Guide&quot; says that SP was remastered and reissued in 1996 with complete mono and stereo versions and that the sound is fantastic! Can't see it listed anywhere. U.K. magazine &quot;Record  Collector&quot; says that Mobile Fidelity released a gold remaster of both  the mono and stereo mixes in 1995. Can't see it listed anywhere. This may  explain the problem, however. Maybe RCA assigned the rights to it for a  period of time or something. Someone must know what goes. I'm not buying it  until it's fixed. I've heard enough  80's CD's of 60's albums to know  they're to be avoided. And it's still at full price! The other two stars  will have to wait.
B000002UJQ|5.0|&quot;OK Computer&quot; is definitely one of my favourite albums of the decade with &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; and &quot;Let Down&quot; being my favorite songs. The songs are very moody but intellegently writen and  finely produced. And every instrument is clear and sharp, including  Thom  Yorke's crackling vocals. This is a most for alternative fans and pick up  Radiohead's EP &quot;Airbag/ How Am I Driving&quot; or &quot;OK  Computer&quot; is not complete without it. Bravo!!!
B0000029LG|4.0|After reading all of these reviews I have to say History is a great album and if you don't have any MJ material to date, it's a must have!! However, this is not his best work. Buy Dangerous to hear that. Stanger in Moscow,  They Don't Care About Us, D.S., Money, and 2 Bad are intense tracks! The  album as a whole; however is a close third best of his career behind  Dangerous and Thriller.
B00000IOSU|2.0|It had the songs that represent her conformation to the general public. She should return to her previous way of singing. She has such a wonderful voice if only she wouldn't have given in to pop culture. Right now I need  to be alone in my thoughts and remember the old Sarah. Hopefully she will  come out with a new CD that is more like the Sarah that I have come to  love.
B0000026WD|5.0|This is Michael Jackson's BEST ALBUM EVER! Thriller what? I bought this album because I had a gift certificate and didn't know what else to buy. I didn't like MJ at all! Now, even in the year 1999 I still listen to this  album frequently and STILL hear sounds I've never heard before!! You don't  understand why people love Michael Jackson? Buy this album!!!
B00000J2KX|4.0|Curiously this DVD does not offer widescreen (an automatic star loss). The &quot;Making Of&quot; featurette is a charming &quot;day-in-the-life&quot; type of documentary filmed and edited by Kubrick's wife. It opens with her  following him into his bathroom and then downstairs for filming. Jack is  his nuerotic and entertaining self the whole way. Highlights include the  little boy saying confidently that he was probably earning &quot;$500.00 or  $600.00 dollars&quot;, and Kubrick yelling at doe-eyed Shelly Duvall trying  desperately to defend the fact that missed her cue. As for the film itself,  we've all seen it. Kubrick's signature is lingering shots with haunting  music. Mood is his canvas, and it is very attractive. No other S. King film  is anywhere near &quot;The Shining&quot; in class and style. Jack  Nicholson's most intense roll to date. I suppose Duvall was very effective  in that I spend most of the movie wanting to slap the sh*t out of her  myself. Another trailer would have been nice because I don't remember this  one. It is merely the elevator door blood thing and the title. Anyway, a  nice addition to any DVD collection.
B000001Y42|4.0|This is a great CD. I strongly suggest buying it. I haven't bought Significant Other yet so I don't know what's better.If you like guys who aren't hard enough to be HardCore, and are too white to rap good than this is a good CD for you. Songs like Pollution, Nobody Loves Me, Faith, Stink  Finger, Indigo Flow, and Leech don't mean Sh*t, but they sound good. Buy  this great CD!
0792152328|5.0|Titanic was,without a doubt,the most captivating and vivid film I ever seen. Amazing stars such as Kate Winslet,Billy Zane,Gloria Stuart,Frances Fisher, Leo DiCaprio, Bill Paxton ,etc, set the stage for one the most  riveting dramas ever put to film. From the opening footage of SouthHampton  to the reunion ending, I was glued to the theatre screen,and then the home  television screen. Jack and Rose pulled us into their world,demanding that  we see and understand the horror of April 15,1912.  What could have been  done better? Nothing. For anyone who loves a good romance, heartstopping  drama, and amazing special effects, I recommend that you book your passage  on The Ship Of Dreams. You won't be disappointed.
B000002MG1|5.0|Now the average rating is 4.5 stars thanks to the previous reviewer.  <br />Let me restate for the record:  This is the finest piece of music ever recorded by an american band.  It is flawless.  It represents the creative  pinnacle of the most creative band of our era - REM.  <br />If I was going to  the electric chair tomorrow morning, and had one disc to listen to, it  would be Automatic for the People.<br />Period.  End of conversation.
B000002HGD|5.0|Well, some people love the play on different styles on this album, while others hate it. I think it works. It prevents the album from becoming monotonous. And it show's Moby's open mindedness to variety and experimentation. On tracks 2, 3 and 7 I can barely stay still, while tracks  1, 11, 12 are so relaxing you feel like flying. A very good  accomplishment  for Moby.
014028009X|4.0|What an amusing book! Even those who haven't read _Pride and Prejudice_ or _Tom Jones_ can appreciate the ridiculous situations and chasms of self-doubt that Bridget jumps into. But, oh my! For those of us who have  read those old standy-bys, this book is delicious. Of course, Miss  Elizabeth Bennett handles herself with more aplomb than Bridget, but the  outcome is a given; it's the working out of the details that kept me  entralled. Hurrah! a most enjoyable read!
B00000IQMT|5.0|Star Wars is finally back, and so is its wonderful score by John Williams. There are plenty of excellent tracks, espescially 'Duel of the Fates'. A must for any Star Wars fan.
0899663621|5.0|I came upon E. Nesbit relatively late in life.  I was a 20-something grad student when I found out that the &quot;Bastables&quot; referred to in  C. S. Lewis' &quot;The Magicians Nephew&quot; were the  children in an E.  Nesbit book. Shortly after that, I found a copy of &quot;Five Children and  It&quot; and eagerly read it.<br />I love E. Nesbit. <br />She writes in a way  that is intelligent, snappy, and funny - at least to an adult. There are a  lot of little side jokes in the book that seem to be aimed at the parent  reading the book. I do think her books may be funnier to grown-ups looking  back at childhood than they are to actual children. <br />And I'm afraid that  many of today's children, made into literalists by the media and generally  not  appreciative of complex, &quot;archaic&quot; or &quot;overly  British&quot; (at least among American kids) language may not get it. Which  is a pity, really. The Nesbit stories are so good - so imaginative, so full  of good use of language. I have read a number of her stories, but I think  this is my favorite. It is basically an expansion of the old saying  &quot;Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it&quot;. Five  children find a Sand-Fairy (or Psammead) that can grant them wishes. But  the sand fairy is a cranky literalist, who interprets the wishes of the  children just as they are and wild things happen (e.g., the children wish  for great beauty, and then the people around them don't recognize them).  This is an extremely entertaining book. Unfortunately, I suspect it may be  beyond some of today's youngsters who tend to lack patience with complex or  older language.
0395645662|5.0|I love this book, and I think anyone else who reads it will love it too.It is a very exciting book. Something is always going on. There is a lot to learn about the community and that makes it very interesting. The plot is  great.
0671015206|5.0|A thought-provoking book.. This has been my life-changing experience. After completing the book in record time, I began to pay closer attention to where my money is spent and invested. I'm well on my way to becoming a  millionaire by the time I'm 50 years old, if not sooner. Thanks for the  boost to do what I should have done years ago.
B000002KJL|5.0|what an incredible CD! From the tight gituar of Sultans of Swing to te brilliant wandering melody of Water Of Love (the best song on the album), this is not to be missed!
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have been a fan of the Peppers in the past, but they lost me for a while. This CD has the passion they always danced around, with a variety that tingles with godliness. You can feel their struggle and celebrate  their grounding. I recommend this highly!!!
B00000DFMN|4.0|Art of Noise scored some brief MTV airplay off this album in the mid-80's, then quickly faded away from America's music charts. That is unfortunate, as this album is one of the first of its kind. An amazing blend of true 'ambient' sounds (trucks, tractors, radio broadcasts) and electronica, Art  of Noise was years ahead of the acid jazz and house music that we all take  for granted in the 90's. <br />Any fan of electronic music should check this  out. Very relaxing at times, complex, and singular in its originality.
078322608X|5.0|Very seldom I want see movie second time.Except 12 monkeys and Pulp Fiction.
630512065X|5.0|I saw a travelling production of Cats and it didn't come close to this.  Michael Gruber is the best Munkustrap I have seen yet, and John Partridge gave a fabulous invigorating performance as The Rum Tum Tugger.  I also  give kudos to cast members Jacob Brent, Rosemarie Ford, Aeva May, Drew  Varley, Jo Gibb, Jason Gardiner, and Verlee Castelyn for creating some very  memorable characters.  The costumes, makeup, and wigs were wonderfully  done, and the music was wonderful.  I also give Elaine Paige a standing  ovation for her heartfelt performance as Grizabella.  I liked it so much  that I learned how to sing Memory, Macavity, and several other songs as  well as reading the original poems to my senior englich class and then  showing them my video.  They loved it and so do I.
0767802780|5.0|I mean the above as a compliment. I really wasn't expecting that great of a movie, but I was pleasantly surprised. A well-acted, touching, sweet romantic comedy that lives up to the genre's greatest expectations. The  characters have incredible chemistry, the plot contrivances are there but  not at all forced, and there isn't any of that garbage that litters so much  of what we see these days, like a &quot;bad guy&quot; manipulating  character (even the characters who get in the way of the inevitable happy  ending are decent people with genuine intentions) and there aren't brawls  or dumb attempts at physical comedy. All I can say is, I loved it, and  since I had rented it, I watched it twice more before I had to return it.  And I'll definitely be watching it many times more.
B0000029DD|5.0|What a loss!  Jeff was a stunning vocalist with genuine feeling to go with his technical skill.  This album is truly lovely and worth owning for &quot;Hallelujah&quot; alone.  I feel very fortunate I got to see him live  a couple of times--concerts during which his shy smile creeped in just  enough to show he didn't take himself nearly as seriously as he took his  art.  Why?  Why?  Why?  Dammit.
B00000JG41|5.0|If you are already a Mr Bungle fan, you will own this album and think it's incredible.  But if there are any non fans out there, take these words seriously:  BUY THIS ALBUM.  Put away your concept of cool, detach from your Mtv warped mind.  This is what real music is like.  Bungle will take  you places you never imagined.  California is without question the finest  masterpiece from this group of twisted geniuses.  Let me put it another  way.  If you were starving and only had 15 bucks to your name, you could  buy food or this album... well, you'd have a great time with California  until you died.  It's just that good.
0688158129|3.0|A love story? A family drama? A courtroom drama? Sometimes three yeses don't add up to a positive. And I think that's the case with The Pact. The writing is decent and the story easily followable, which isn't necessarily  a compliment. I felt a little manipulated by the now and then format of  storytelling and surprised in a let down sort of way by the ending.  Overall, not a bad summer read with some interesting family dynamics and a  plot set-up that couldn't have failed too badly. Mostly I wonder what I was  supposed to feel from a book that tried to do too much with a pretty simple  premise.
B000004286|5.0|A very stirring soundtrack, I cannot express in words how it makes me feel to be Scottish when listening to this soundtrack.
1859849296|1.0|There are those, minions of darkness, for whom light of any kind, or size, or amount is deemed a dire threat.  Hence they are driven to extinguish it whenever and wherever they find it lest even its merest luminescence expose  and destroy them. In their witless frenzy no weapon is off limits.  Thus  even a diminutive nun living a Spartan life helping the poor, the sick and  terminal is deluged with the sludge of spurious recrimination for being a  shill and the tool of propagandists.  It will ever be so with lights that  shine in the darkness.  Mother Theresa stands in a long line of living  lights among whom are Martin Luther King, Mahatma Gandhi, and Jesus Christ.  The sad truth is that their last state will be worse than their first  because with each light they extinguish they bring themselves ever closer  to that which they fear most. I give it no stars since light is any form is  inimical to them.
0380977281|5.0|I opened the cover of Stardust and was instantly lost in Gaiman's world beyond the Wall.  He deftly weaves legend and mythology together with an enchanting love story about a strange young man and the fallen star he  captures.  Holding readers spellbound by his fairy-tale diction and charmed  imagination, Gaiman makes it impossible to leave this world until we reach  the end of Tristran and Yvaine's journey.  Even then, readers will yearn to  hear more of this master's bewitching tales.
B00000JG41|5.0|I'm just going to come out and say it.  These guys are jerks!!!  Why?  Because they're incredibly talented (nothing new) and they created an absoultely amazing album.  I've never been to California, but I almost feel  that I have been there now. I'm a huge fan of their last two efforts, with  a nudge going to &quot;Disco Volante.&quot;  &quot;California&quot; does  not disappoint.  They throw so much at you that it's almost difficult to  keep up. &quot;None of Them Knew They Were Robots&quot; and &quot;Golem II:  The Bionic Vapour Boy&quot; are stand-outs.  If you like anything Mr.  Bungle has done before, buy this album.  If you've never heard anything  from Mr. Bungle, buy this album.  The best part now will be to see them  pull this stuff off live, which I know they will.  Don't wait, get this  album!!!  Did I say to get this album?
B00000IQC8|3.0|I loved the movie, but Disney stuck a high price tag on the DVD.  The Pleasantville DVD includes 2 commentaries, storyboards, documentaries for less. I will still buy the DVD, but wait till you find a  sale or Disney  lowers the price.
0440219078|5.0|I thought the book was great. I didn't catch on to what was happening until the middle because you assume that everything is in color. You would think of that world as one like your own with color, trees and hills.It's  very strange and sad when you think about it, when people are &quot;let  go&quot; they really die. It's a very unfamilair world where no families  exist only units. I thought Lowis Lowery was very creative and the book was  wonderful.  I still think it was one of those books you can't put down and  have to finish. One of the best books I've ever read!
0684874350|5.0|That Frank McCourt was so intuitively and lucidly able to set forth his experiences through the eyes of changing youth is nothing short of genius. Evocative and entertaining every step of the way through the visissitudes of a struggling childhood, culminating with his triumph for survival (and  terrific ending), this book should be required reading for everyone! Truely  deserves six stars. Cannot wait for 'Tis.
B000001FLI|4.0|Some hits, some misses on this album.  But TMWCA is worth the price of admission.  Roy's best tune, IMHO.  Gary Moore did a cover of that tune a few years ago.  I first heard this album because my brother brought it home from college.  TMWCA remains my all-time favorite tune.  The solo still  makes the hair stand up on my neck.  You will have to overlook the vocals,  though.
B000002LOM|1.0|Morrissey always tries to be evil, and he succeeds. What a waste
B000000QG8|5.0|I'm old enough to have bought the LP version of this album when it came out.  Every song's a winner.  Rory also put on the best concert I've ever seen (#2 was ZZ Top).  He had a great lineup: guitar, bass, keyboards &amp; drums.  Few bands went that route. <br />This is on my must-have list of 10  albums.  Pure rock guitar playing &amp; decent vocals to boot.    You can  tell this CD was recorded in the 70s.  The sound isn't that great, but the  music rises above all recording limitations.
B0000067L2|4.0|Cream was made of outstanding musicians, and this may be their most consistent album; although be it said that they didn't write that many memorable songs, and their performances on this one show restraint. But heck, this is pretty groovy stuff.
B0000011N5|5.0|my original set has been played so much and i,ve lost the pictures i wish i could find another full set. any info appreciated
0385493622|5.0|When my brother recommended this book to me, I accidentally purchased and read another book on Fermat's Last Theorem.  Then I read this one.  This one is infinitely better!  I am a non-mathematician, yet Simon Singh  presented this story in a way that I could follow, understand, and even get  excited about.  If you read only one book on Fermat's Last Theorem, make it  this one.  I have actually developed a marvelous proof of why this is the  best book to read about Fermat, but there isn't room in the scroll-down box  they've provided for this review...
0606022341|5.0|&quot;It's too dark down here.&quot; &quot;I can't see a thing . . .&quot; &quot;I think I heard a rat!&quot; &quot;Are we all here?&quot; &quot;How am I supposed to know?&quot; &quot;I know- let's all count noses!&quot;  &quot;All right. One . . . two . . . thr-&quot; HONK &quot;Uh  oh.&quot;<br />MW
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman's selection of pieces is exceptional.  My personal favorite was Ad Paradisum, a beautiful and faith-filled hymn, very much in the Gregorian Chant style, although there are a number of other pieces that  are getting wide play on regular radio stations.  Most importantly,  however, is the exceptional clarity and beauty of that finely trained  instrument, Sarah's voice. The London Philharmonic provides superb  accompaniment. A crystalline purity that is unmatched.  Bravo!!!
B000002UJQ|5.0|They may not get the airplay they deserve here in the states, but their music isn't exactly your typical pop and drop into your trashcan.  Simply put, buy this CD.  It will literally blow you away.  It's a tightly crafted  classic.  20 years from now people will look back at this album as  something that could be the turning point of music.
0425166805|1.0|I agree with the previous reviewer that this book is not science-fiction. As a modest science-fiction writer myself I don't, believe me, mean that as a compliment. To call this trash science-fiction would insult our craft.
B00000IKSC|5.0|THE BACKSTREET BOYS HAVE DONE THEIR VERY BEST, AND THAT IS A GOOD THING. THEY SHOW TRUE TALENT WITHTHEIR SINGING, DANCEING,AND EVEN PLAYING THEIR INSTRUMENTS. THEY DESERVE ALL THE FAME THAT THEY GET AND ALOT MORE. THEY  PROVE THAT THEY DON'T REALY ON EACHOTHER WHEN IT COMES TO SINGING, THEY DO  A FIND JOB SOLO. SOME MUSIC GROUPS NOW THEY NEED ALL THE MEMBERS OF THE  GROUP TO MAKE THEM SOUND BETTER.EVERY MEMBER OF BSB CAN SING EVEN THOUGH  THEY SOUND GOOD AS A GROUP THEY SOUND GOOD SOLO TOO. THEY ARE THE BEST  TRUELY THEY ARE.
6305165912|4.0|Loved it. Jeff Bridges and John Goodman were made for each other. I'd like to see more of them together...
B000000OPZ|4.0|This album was my first &quot;car&quot; cassette.  I taught myself to drive to this album and, unfortunately, crash to it also!!!  &quot;Crying in the rain&quot; was a big fav for my friends and I and &quot;Is this  love&quot; from the video play on MTV.  I still have that cassette (It  survived the crash better than my car!!!) This one rocks the house!!!!!
6303421563|5.0|This movie is cool. It has lots of good action and some drama in it to. If you enjoy action or drama or both this is the movie to see.
B000001FKY|4.0|&quot;Hysteria&quot; may be one of the best albums from the 80's era.  However, I can say I only like songs 1,3,4,5,10 and 12.  I could hardly stomach &quot;Rocket&quot; and the other songs on side 2 were pretty lame.   I guess growing up with &quot;Pyro&quot; spoiled me!!!  This CD rocks, but  the previous ones beat it hands down!!
B000002ORL|5.0|My parents took me to see this show in NY in '1972 and I have been hooked ever since.  2 years ago I bought the 2 CD set and it brought back many fond memories.  The words and music to this show are still incredibly powerful and clever -even now.  Although I enjoy listening to this version,  I still remember the voices and inflections of the cast members that I was  lucky enough to enjoy back in '72 (I must have played that album a million  times).  Ted Neeley as Christ, Yvonne Elliman as Mary Magdalene and - yes  Ben Vereen(!) as Judas. The three of them were absolutely amazing. Would  love to be able to find this album if anyone out there has it.
B000001EHS|5.0|Back in the 80's when I finally stumbled upon &quot;Pyro&quot; in 1988, my mom was appalled by someone she thought I called &quot;A deaf  leper.&quot; I quickly explained that no one was deaf or a leper, this is Def Leppard.   It grew on her, but really made a huge impact on me.  &quot;Pyro&quot; will  always be my fav, but &quot;Vault&quot; gives you a whole collection of  most of their best.  &quot;Bringing on the Heartbreak,&quot;  &quot;Photograph,&quot; &quot;Foolin',&quot; and &quot;Miss You in a  Heartbeat&quot; are the best off this CD.  I do miss &quot;Too Late For  Love&quot; and &quot;Women&quot;, but, all-in-all it's a must-have for the  fans.  Catch DL in PA in September!!!  I'll be there!!!!!
B000002OG8|5.0|This album has some of the finest guitar-based rock music ever recorded. The solo work on 'Sometime World' is breathtaking, it still sends a shiver down my back and I've been listening to this album since it was first  released in 1972. Other notable highlights are 'The King Will Come' and  'Warrior' which both feature totally original, inventive and exciting  playing. The only disappointment is the 'bonus' track ('No easy road')  which, as is so often the case, does not fit in with the overall feel of  the 7 tracks from the original vinyl.<br />I was fortunate to see Wishbone Ash  in 1972 when they were touring UK universities (I had lunch with them, nice  lads!) and the concert they played, featuring numbers from their first  three albums, remains the most memorable I've ever been to. Even the  'warm-up' session they did after lunch, where they jammed in front of a  couple of dozen curious onlookers, was fantastic.<br />I cannot recommend this  album too highly. It is totally brilliant.
B000001EC1|5.0|&quot;Crossroads&quot; is amazing to me, simply because everyone thought JBJ fell off the earth.  Well, he showed us that's just not true!!!  I remember fighting over my first copy of &quot;Bon Jovi&quot;.  I still have  the cassette but it's in poor shape.  &quot;Runaway&quot; has to be my fav  of all time w/ &quot;Always&quot; and &quot;Livin' on a prayer&quot; a  close second! This collection is great!!!!  Brings back all the memories of  High school!!!
6303402348|2.0|I suppose I am in the minority, but I felt this was one of the most overrated films in recent years. It was a depressing movie and seemed to send a message that if you are a simpleton, you will also live the American  dream. I thought Hanks gave a good performance, but gave better ones in  &quot;Philadelphia&quot;,&quot;Apollo 13&quot;, and most recently in  &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;. How this has become a classic shows just  how few original films are being made in the 1990's.
B00000I9MK|5.0|&quot;Tigermilk&quot; is the best album by Belle and Sebastian. There is not one weak song on the entire album, which is something to boast about these days. Personally, &quot;The State I Am In&quot;, and &quot;We Rule The School&quot; are the best Belle and Sebastian songs, but with an album  this strong, it is extremely hard to pick out favorite songs. Believe all  of the hype (if you hear any hype) because this album is a long awaited  masterpiece... get ready for the Scottish invasion (also check out Arab  Strap) because &quot;Tigermilk&quot; has landed!
1881273156|5.0|One of the best books on improving your marriage I've ever read. Gives specifics on how to change the love in your marriage. A must read for anyone married or considering marriage or most of all if your having  problems in your marriage.
0553278223|5.0|The world of modern sci-fi seems to be dominated by scientific accuracy and technological worship. In The Martian Chronicles Bradbury sacrifices some of that excruciating technical detail in favor of more emotional and beauty based sci-fi. Bradbury's vivid protrayals of the Martian landscape  and it's effects on the Terran settlers provide a brilliant experience,  leaving one with a feeling of satisfation. In an age where the term  &quot;Science Fiction&quot; is quickly becoming synonimous with  &quot;action&quot;, The Martian Chronicles is a breath of fresh air and a  revisitation of the way sci-fi was meant to be.
0375408266|5.0|The Reader is a rich, haunting, existential novel that offers new insights into the human condition with each revisiting.  It belongs on the same shelf as Albert Camus' The Stranger, Ernest Becker's The Denial of Death,  and Erich Fromm's Escape From Freedom.  Its treatment of repression  --- or  numbed indifference -- as the pysche's defense against pain and horror is  identical to that found in the film, The Pawnbroker.  It's a book that  resonates.
079072961X|1.0|although this is truly one of the greatest action movies ever I have to admit that the DVD leaves ALOT to be desired. Once again Warner Brothers has put absolutely no time into releasing the DVD's true capabilities. It  seems that they are so busy trying to get DVD's out that they forgot that  people want better quality than they probably already own on a copy of the  movie on VHS. I for one feel that I have paid twice for the same quality  movie...once on VHS and once on DVD. If you are considering purchasing the  DVD go back and watch the VHS it is exactly the same thing! Warner Brothers  you should truly be ashamed. (word to the wise: bladerunner and the  unforgiven are equally as disappointing)
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I confess, I am an Austen fan.  And this movie has me wishing for more.  It seems to get over too soon.  I was transported to another time.  Beautiful.  And, the lead characters were cast very well.  However, Emma's  father was more convincing in the BBC version.<br />If you are an Austen fan,  or like period movies, or like romantic-happily-ever-after-movies then this  is absolutely for you.
0380973464|2.0|_Cryptonomicon_ was entertaining, in a let's-be-clever-because-we-can kind of way;  and Stephenson writes very well about the thrills and chills of being a nerd.  His sections on WWII cryptography were by far the most  interesting and entertaining.  His characters, on the other hand, were  mostly cardboard.<br />I can't say that I liked the book.  It really fell  apart at the end, and not just in a run-of-the-mill way:  I mean, he  completely lost control of the story in about the last 200 pages.   Characters appear out of nowhere, do things for completely incomprehensible  reasons, then die or live happily ever after, without so much as a Thank  You and Goodnight.  Also, Neal Stephenson, computer geek par excellence,  unfortunately is afflicted with the worst characteristics of his species,  as well as the best:  the one female character is more a teenage videogame  addict's fantasy, a la Tomb Raider, than any kind of even minimally  believable woman.  Misogyny is rampant throughout the book, as well as a  defensive hostility to anything that smacks of perceived political  correctness or academic theorizing.<br />The technical parts were fun, though  a bit shaky at times.  I liked his descriptions of the California hacker  subculture -- until the end, when he takes a swan dive into  black-helicopter/cyberterrorist fantasy land, at which point the writing  becomes mastubatory as hacker wet dream scenarios drift across the  pages.<br />I think he had a good idea, and he definitely has the ability to  tell a good story, but the task he bit off for himself in the first half of  the book proved to be too large. The second half comes off like a term  paper hastily finished the night before it's due -- a fairly callow attempt  to bamboozle the reader into believing the conclusion is worthy of the  build-up.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have never been much of a Red Hot Chili Peppers fan until I bought this CD at the urging of my friend.  It is amazing.  Every track is worth listening to. I'd say it's one of the best albums of the 90's!
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is one CD that I can listen to over and over and never get sick of. Her voice is just amazing and the songs speak for themselves. I absolutely love this disc!
0449004589|3.0|Ken Follett has written great books (The Eye of the Needle, Pillars of the Earth) and really, really bad ones (Night over Water, A Place Called Freedom). This is in between. The way the psycopath terrorist is reasoning  is interesting: you almost like him for a while. I think this could be a  fantastic film, and I know who I'd like to see in it: Tommy Lee Jones as  the terrorist, Joan Chen as the FBI Agent, Robert Prosky as her father and  (possibly) Reginald VelJohnson (from Die Hard) as the governor's official.
0784011796|5.0|This was one of the few films I have watched that truly draws you in.  I believe that the use of black and white worked to strongly focus the viewer on to the subject matter and the beautiful/horrid experience of discovery.
B000002BBY|5.0|This cd kicks some serious booty. &quot;Hey Now&quot; may be a little long for some but that's only a minor problem and a problem I'm sure many other bands wish were their problem because it's no big deal! 2 tracks are just like 30 second instrumental parts from a b-side instrumental off of the UK  Wonderwall single  called &quot;Swamp Song&quot; but they add a break in  the middle of the cd and provide an outro for 'Morning Glory&quot; and an  intro for &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot;; both kick arse songs in their  own way. This is my favourite cd of all time and could be yours to if you  give it a try!
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt wrote this book beautifully. One minute I was crying, the next I was laughing. I can't imagine growing up in the poverty he experienced and being able to look back at it and laugh. It takes a strong  person to do that. I admire him as a person and he is an exceptional  writer. This book was definately not a waste of time to read . I give it 5  stars from the first page to the last. Write us another book Frank  McCourt!!!!!   Jan
6302797586|5.0|PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE petition the studio to reduce the cost at least by half so that all the fans can enjoy this film.  QBVII was the first movie in which I ever saw Anthony Hopkins, and that got me hooked on both him and  the movie.  I could watch this several times a year and never get tired of  it, but it never appears on television so I could tape it.  Doesn't the  studio realize how much money they would make if they lowered the cost?
B000002UAF|5.0|You can say nothing more of the best band ever. &quot;I should have known better&quot; will always give me goosebumps. What a classic scene from the movie!
080013799X|5.0|Monty Python and the Holy grail was a funny, silly movie with much interesting info about &quot;swallows&quot;.
6302763835|5.0|It's not often that you see a movie when you're ten and after twenty years of searching (thank you, internet), you locate that movie and it's as good as you remember it! I loved the movie even though they could have done  without the spider walking across the highway each time the car passed. I  mean where was it hiding? was it pretending to be a hitchhiker?
B000000OAC|3.0|With &quot;News of the World&quot; Freddie Mercury and company gambled and, luckily, won.  The hits, like &quot;We Will Rock You/We Are The Champions&quot; scored big, but too much filler sinks this would-be  mega-hit. Potential problems abound. While Roger Taylors' &quot;Sheer Heart  Attack&quot; appears to take its cue from the punk movement, close  inspection reveals it be to a punk-rock satire: the mix is intentionally  muddy, the vocals are buried, and the catch phrase . . . &quot;I fell so  inar, inar, inarticulate!&quot; belies his punkish persona.  John Deacons'  &quot;Spread Your Wings&quot; is maudlin and overwrought, while Freddie  Mercury's &quot;My Melancholy Blues&quot; suffers from too much  sentimentality and not enough blues. The trouble is, both writers are much  better at comedy and camp: insghtful story tellers they are not.  The fact  is, if not for Brians May's rockin' &quot;It's Late,&quot; his sublimely  subtle &quot;All Dead, All Dead,&quot; his brilliant anthem &quot;We Will  Rock You,&quot; and his bitting and bluesy &quot;Sleeping On The  Sidewalk,&quot; this album would be all for naught.  As usual, it is  Brian's keen rock-n-roll sensibilties and his ace musicianship that saves  most of the other songs from absolute boredom.  What would Freddie's  &quot;Who Needs You&quot; be without Brian's excellent guitar work, and the  same goes for Roger's &quot;Fight From The Inside.&quot;  Listening to this  album today only confirms the feeling I had after my first listen: Brian  May is the heart and soul of this band. Without him, Queen would have faded  just as quickly as Moot the Hoople, Sweet, and The Bay City Rollers.
B0000026CM|4.0|Toto is one of those bands that can really knock you out.  Like a lot of people, my collection of their music started with the popular (classic) Toto IV.  While it's often tough to follow what was such a great album, I think the Seventh One comes pretty close.  Being a musician myself, I'm  very impressed with their songwriting, musicianship, use of harmony and the  production value of this album.  Their playing makes perfect sense.  I also  believe that Lukather's guitar playing is right up with the best. If you're  already familiar with the band or just getting to know them, you'd do well  to start with Toto IV and The Seventh One.
0385471483|5.0|This is one of those books that grabs your innermost self and thrusts it before your own eyes.  A must read for someone who appreciates differences in cultures.
B00000251N|5.0|The music and lyrics of this album truly speak to the best part of me.  I listen to this when I need to be lifted up and reassured. The instrumentals from this and Taproot Manuscript make me wish Neil Diamond would make an  all instrumental album.
068484267X|3.0|I love the kind of a book that when I finish reading it, I will hold it in my hands for a while, close my eyes, &amp; relive its most memorable parts.  I think I never really closed this one. Being an aduld, one would think that one can be satisfied with what was already told.  A relatively good  ending was incomplete for my taste - I needed to know what happened with  the rest of the family - and I feel that I was left hanging in the wind and  with no other option than to buy the sequel rather than to move on to  happier subjects (for a change).  The book in general was quite good, even  though repetitive at times.  It was not as tragic as it sounded in other  reviews; it was incredibly sad at times, but not terrible where one would  choose not to reach for this book. Venture out but keep in mind that if you  need closure, it is not there.
0684867621|4.0|I thought this was very good. And it is distinctively a King novel. King has not always been about gore and scary. This is the man who gave us Different Seasons with stories such as The Body and Rita Hayworth and the  Shawshank Redemption. One thing King does that no other author does quite  as well is to detail out a character. King is a master of detail giving the  reader every nuance of thought process and motivation in a character. I  thought he wrote this so well. He wrote believably seeing through the eyes  of a 10 year old little girl. As the reader, we become invested in her, her  plight and wince and grieve and wonder if she will make it back to  civilization.<br />Well done. It is worth the read.
0446673749|4.0|Baldacci is no Stegner when it comes to writing style, but despite the 'unpolishedness', I couldn't put it down. The plot twists were both surprising and convincing. The characters were stereotypical, but were  still very likable (or hateable!) and not altogether unbelievable.  I will  definately take Baldacci to the beach again!
0792151720|1.0|This movie was so over rated. I got a pumped up for nothing. The best part of the movie was the credits at the end.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|STICK TO THE MOVIES,AND SHOW SOME BODY,BECAUSE MUSIC WISE FORGET IT,YOU CAN'T SING.THE MIXTURE OF SALSA AND RB DON'T MIX,WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU TRYING TO DO.THE WHOLE ALBUM DOE'S NOT MAKE SENSE.MABY ONE OR TWO SONG ARE WORTH LISTENING, BUT OTHER THAN THAT.WELL YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
B000009QPE|5.0|If you're a fan of old slayer music, you must have this!  This is by far the best CD Slayer has ever made. It's non-stop, fast-paced metal from start to finish!  BUY IT NOW
0964385619|5.0|This book is worth the money. Very easy to read and educational. I will be buying more of this author's books to find out why the grass on the other side is greener than mine.
B00000ILE6|4.0|While I don't subscribe to the oft-mentioned opinion that ALIENS is an improvement over ALIEN, I still enjoy ALIENS immensely, moreso in this format. First of all, I feel the film's special effects (in parts) are much  more successful on a &quot;small screen&quot;, esp. the blue-screen effects  with actors in front of explosions or fires. Second, the film flourishes in  this letterbox treatment. Third, the added scenes, in ALMOST every  instance, add to the experience, and strengthen the film's powerful  &quot;motherhood and loss&quot; theme. They also help to make the setting  more fully-realized. While I maintain my feeling that the film gets  excessively gorey and gooey towards the end, and that the menace of the  aliens is minimized by there being so many that are killed, this still is  bravura film-making, and  a true example of how supporting characters  SHOULD be handled, so the viewer actually CARES about them. Give me that  over effects any day...
B00000HYXB|5.0|First thing....this album (like nearly all of Blind Guardian's work) is based on the work of J.R. Tolkein.  If you are not into theme (concept) albums, then move on to the Spice Girls.   Also, what follows is my  opinion.<br />  I have heard metal and then I have heard Blind Guardian.  In  short, this album is a masterpeice.  Blind Guardian has mastered the art of  combining hard riffs, perfect vocal melodies, and skin-tingling lyrics into  complete works of art.  Nowhere is this more apparent than with  'Curse of  Feanor' and 'Mirror, Mirror...'. They are among the greatest metal works I  have ever heard. It is a shame they are not available for review.   'Nightfall' proves the incredible versatility of the band.  This song CAN  be heard on here.  It is a good representation of the talent of Blind  Guardian.<br />Non-Metal fans will NOT enjoy this album.
0790729628|5.0|Oh, if only a studio would have enough goodness and artistic merit to give Ridley Scott a pile of &quot;titanic-like&quot; financing to make a sequel to this extraordinary film. No one has ever captured the &quot;look of the  mood&quot; like Mr. Scott and his production gang. (Think also of the  opening of Alien and the overall &quot;feel&quot; of Someone To Watch Over  Me). A suggestion to the studio who owns BR: release a DVD of both versions  on one disc (Narration and Director's Cut). There are a lot of buyers,  including those who already own the available DVD of the D'sC.
B00000HZFP|4.0|Truly, Headwig is inspired stuff.  Its a cheap comparison but it reminds me of a cross between Bowie and Meatloaf.  Full Disclosure-I'm a rock fan.  And I admit the subject is creepy...but Hedwig rocks!  Since Urge Overkill  left the scene (and until the next Foo Fighters is released) rock records  that aren't strapped in by genre defining labels (heavy metal, speed metal,  alternative, etc.) are hard to find.  Hedwig rocks with a vengence.  The  lyrics are poignant and the melodies are catchy.  Just be careful, you may  be the straightest of straight with a career path and a wife...but Hedwig  will make you walk around singing about sex changes and wearing the wig.
B00000JCB2|5.0|i love this cd i think that it is like the best. i like the melodies &amp; everything. i like the way that fred durst (what a hottie!) puts like his real life experences into it. well i don't know what else i gotta say, but  love ya fred durst &amp; jonathan davis!!!! &amp; kick a**!                             peace,                                   sasha
B00000JGHM|5.0|This was the best movie of 1995, hands-down.  Mann threw in an inspired scene of the generals meeting before the battle...over coffee.  Pacino and DeNiro worked well together to make a movie about men in a gritty,  no-holds-barred performance.
068815333X|5.0|All I can say is: OK, Dennis, I've spent the last few weeks reading all your books and what am I supposed to do now that I'm caught up?  I guess now I'll have to do the laundry, cooking, cleaning--everything I was unable  to do with your books glued to my hands. Seriously, I have never read a  series like this...the twists and turns in each story are intriguing and  the tension builds as the stories progress to the point where you just  can't put them down...Dennis, I don't want you to compromise your skills  and rush the next book--please take a vacation if you need to, and take  some time to bask in the glow of your readers' praise--but please remember  we're out here waiting!
B00000JCB3|5.0|I think this cd is one of the best albums I have ever bought. If you go to a music store I suggest you buy it.
B000002U82|5.0|This is the album you need to get your (home)work done.  Buy this and your life will be better.  I promise.  And, by the way, don't forget to pick up &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; from the video section to play along with it.   You won't regret it!  (start the album just after the 3rd roar of the lion)
0767819543|5.0|&quot;CENTRAL STATION&quot; IS THE BEST FILM THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!!!  YOU MUST SEE THIS FILM!!!!  FERNANDA MONTENEGRO IS THE BEST OSCARLESS ACTRESS OF THE YEAR!!!!!! HER CHARACTERIZATION OF DORA, IS WHAT ACTING IS  ALL ABOUT!!!!!  TRULY AMAZING!!!!  YOU WILL REMEMBER THIS FILM LONG AFTER  YOU'VE SEEN IT!!!!!  THANK YOU WALTER, THANK YOU FERNANDA, AND THANK YOU  VINISCIUS!!!!
B0000028RR|5.0|Folks, it's from back in 1992 and still they took it for the MATRIX soundtrack! Studio equipment and production tools have improved a lot since then but still no one before or after this record was released has been  able to match it in terms of power of sound. It's not about production,  it's because Rage really mean it, and people can't help but feel that.  Superb musicianship, kamikaze bravery and an attitude. That's what they've  got, and that's what makes this the best rock n' roll record of the decade  and not just a &quot;funk metal&quot; geek record.
079213690X|5.0|What a display of honor and courage and love of freedom!!  Never have I seen valor like this, and I think I will never see it again....Those of you who have critisized and ridiculed this movie are mocking one of the best  films of all time.  To have stood against a tyrant and withstand horrible  phsical torture along with many sorrows when many would not rally to him,  to still stand after every other man has fallen...I am proud to call myself  a Scot. Every man dies....not every man really lives....
0316920045|5.0|Don't read too much ABOUT this book before you just pick it up and dive in. This is a book lover's book. This book is a work of art, in words. I love the skillful use of language, the ability of the writer to simultaneously present image, emotion, and intelligence on a piece of  paper. Read the book for the great pleasure it will give you of being  immersed for all too short a time in its world. Read with a dictionary,  because you'll enjoy the nuance of the perfect word. Read all the  footnotes, because they are just as insane and entertaining as the text.  And read all the way to the end, without expecting an ending - no more than  your life will end in a great burst of wisdom and resolution. Read this  too-short book for the joy of it, for the pleasure that perfectly executed  vision and linguistics and intelligence bring. I will envy your first time.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I thinlk this is a great recording.  Some people have said that a live recording is pointless, but I feel it offers some of the best sound, and tests the musician for artistic ability.  A great CD. Buy it
0812504488|5.0|Stevenson does in this short-novel what few popular writers do -- he unites page-turning suspense with philosophy.  This book is certainly a classic, and is a highly recommended read.
B000002LK1|5.0|This album is so good, it's scary.  Like imagine if Nirvana somehow influenced Scritti Politti's Cupid and Psyche 85.  The sound quality on the CD is awesome.  Just layers and layers of perfectly recorded music.  The whole thing's dark and brooding and at times cynical.  I could see  &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; on the next South Park movie soundtrack.
6304056958|5.0|One of the cattiest, wittiest, and truest pictures ever made. Absolutely love it!
6304106017|2.0|From Dusk Till Dawn is a very silly film, with way too much violence, and too less story. The acting is good but the film is bad. PLEASE SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS.
0140283587|5.0|I was fortunate enough to travel with a young Englishman from Birmingham last year.  While resting on the roof of a guesthouse in Udaipur, India he pulled this book from his rucksack and entertained me beyond belief. We  were both in tears in less than a minute.  Rarely does anyone capture and  relay the true essence of travelling in a place as difficult as India.  William Sutcliffe somehow does, and with such honestly and humor.  This  book is a gem.  It will have you doubled over with laughter and amazed at  this beautiful country.   I have waited six months for this book to come  out in the U.S., now I can finally share it with others. Give us more  William!
6301969294|3.0|The Fountainhead is a pretty good film. If you like architecture, or the architect Frank Lloyd Wright, you will like this film, even though it is a bit too melodramatic. PLEASE SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS.
630443796X|5.0|This movie is &quot;outstanding...outstanding!&quot; Eileen Brennan is brilliant as the sergeant and Hawn plays Benjamin to perfection. This is Goldie's golden moment in this absolutely classic comedy!!!
B00000G5VI|4.0|Bowie's last three albums have been criminally underrated. 1997's Earthling was given modest critical fanfare, but no one bought the album. Two years earlier, Outside, over-hyped by a highly publicized tour with  Nine Inch Nails and a single that was gobbled up due in huge part to Trent  Reznor's remix, ultimately baffled and turned off listeners. It seems as if  the music press and the general public have set in stone by now the belief  that David Bowie is a dinosaur; that he isn't allowed to express himself in  more progressive or experimental forms of music without sounding  pretentious or even desperate. Those who know Bowie only through the pomp  and circumstance of his Ziggy era and his glitzy, empty '80s efforts, may  cast him off as nothing more than a good showman with a throaty baritone.  Unfortunately, by the end of the '80s, this was exactly what Bowie the  songwriter and musician was stripped down to. It's a shame, then, that in  1993, once no one was paying attention to him anymore, David Bowie dropped  this outstanding piece of work that sounds nearly on par with his late '70s  Eno trilogy. Mostly instrumental and ambient pieces, Buddha of Suburbia was  written to accompany a BBC miniseries of the same name. At last Bowie found  inspiration again in something. The songs are rythmic, pounding, soaring,  and electrifying; abstract but accessible. The hooks, where there are  hooks, are frighteningly catchy. The shifting jazz pieces, prominently  featuring avant-pianist Mike Garson, are simply other-worldly. The zooming  electropop of &quot;Dead Against It&quot; and the ethereal,  floating-down-a-warm-river-on-heroin bliss of &quot;Untitled no. 1&quot;  are highlights. This is where Bowie would have gone had he not put on his  red shoes and boogied down with Stevie Ray Vauhan in 1983. This is Bowie  enthralling as he hadn't done in years. Check this out and see what all the  fuss isn't about. Then pay a moment of silent respect to an old-school  artist who still kicks ass.<br />--Christian Huey
0061003697|5.0|I thought this book really showed what love can make people do and how coldhearted people can be.  It also shows what people will do for money. Altogether, I found this a great book!
B00000DBXL|5.0|If you don't like it at first ... play it some more, it really grows on you quickly
0060194995|5.0|What do you do when you sit down to write a book and you get it absolutely perfect the first time? Unfortunately, you never write another one. How could Harper Lee have possibly followed this up? Anything she wrote after \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" would have been anticlimax. So on the strength of one book, Harper Lee will be forever remembered for writing one of the greatest books of the contemporary American literature.<br /><br />I picked up this book late one night the year it was first published, after my mom had been raving about the book for weeks, trying to get me to read it. Well, what the heck, the late movie was boring that evening... next thing I knew, it was two o'clock in the morning and I had just turned the final page on what was the most magical reading experience of my entire life.<br /><br />From the opening line, \\"When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow...\\" Lee hooks the reader with a deceptively simple story of a Southern family and a Southern town caught up in a cataclysmic moral crisis, and keeps us enthralled till the very last word. Lee's writing style is that of the storyteller who mesmerizes her audience telling a tale so simple, yet so compelling, that you never want it to end. Her narrator is Scout Finch, a delightfully devilish little tomboy who sees her world through the all-observant eyes of childhood. Scout is one of the most enchanting characters in modern American fiction. She's bright, funny, totally real; there's nothing contrived about her. She's someone we all knew in first or second grade, or wished we'd known. Scout lives with her brother Jem, four years her senior, her lawyer father Atticus, and their housekeeper Calpurnia, in a sleepy Alabama town where everybody knows or is related to everybody else. Lee spends the first half of the book drawing us into the life of the town and the Finch family, Scout's hilarious and problematic adjustment to first grade, and brings us into the mystery surrounding the notorious-yet-never-seen Boo Radley. The second half of the book is about the moral crisis that tears the town apart.<br /><br />Lee has a way of saying a lot by saying very little, and her laconic statement that the people of Maycomb had recently been told they had nothing to fear but fear itself sets the time squarely in 1933, the depths of the Great Depression. Times were bad for most people in small Southern towns; they were especially bad for poor whites and all blacks. In 1933 the South was rigidly segregated down every possible line, and a white woman's false accusation of rape was enough to get a black man hanged. When Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of rape, in the eyes of most of the white populace, Tom has been tried, convicted and is awaiting execution. Judge Taylor disagrees, and asks Atticus to take Tom's case.<br /><br />In Atticus Finch, Lee created what would eventually grow to be the best-loved character in all American fiction. Atticus is a loving but not a doting father, an able lawyer, and an individual of towering integrity. He takes Tom's case because he knows Mayella's accusation is full of holes, and he believes Tom is as deserving of good legal representation as anyone else. Atticus knows better than anyone else how his decision to take the case will affect his children, but as he explains to Scout, who wonders how Atticus can be right if everybody else thinks he's wrong, if he didn't take the case, he could never hold his head up in front of his children again.<br /><br />Atticus knows he's fighting a losing battle, but deep inside himself he believes he may lose a battle but win a bigger war. The chapters describing Tom Robinson's trial and Atticus's defense are some of the most powerful in American fiction. On of the most moving passages in the book is at the end of the trial when the town's black minister tells Scout to \\"Stand up. Your father's passin'.\\"<br /><br />Along with Scout and Atticus Finch, Lee created a host of other memorable characters. Jem is the perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: \\"She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard.\\" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.<br /><br />The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.<br /><br />After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.<br /><br />I turned the final page of \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one. The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.<br /><br />Judy Lind, Lee created a host of other memorable characters. Jem is the perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: \\"She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard.\\" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.  <br /> <br />The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.  <br /> <br />After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.  <br /> <br />I turned the final page of \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one. The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.  <br /> <br />Judy Lind
B000002GF8|2.0|Ugh! I loved this in the summer of '83, but its aged worse than I have. This really doesn't hold up 16 years later. Granted their are some timeless classics like &quot;Every Breath You Take&quot; and &quot;Wrapped Around Your Finger&quot;, and &quot;Synchronicity II&quot; is interesting, but the  rest of this reflects a struggle between Sting's ego and the other  musicians' desire to be heard. The result is we're left with junk like  &quot;Walking In Your Footsteps&quot;, &quot;Miss Gradenko&quot;,  &quot;Mother&quot; and &quot;O My God&quot;. Please....
0385486804|5.0|Without a doubt, one of the most intriguing and powerful books I have ever read. John Krakauer starts us out by &quot;revealing the ending,&quot; and working  backwards most of the time from then on. In doing so, however, the story is by no means spoiled, but rather a taste is left in our minds for  all the questions that follow. That is where Krakauer's brilliance and  talent is unmasked. He takes us through the time before the death and seems  to unearth every detail, allowing the reader to make judgements and  conclusions for themselves. He does offer his own life's situations, but  not to detract from the story. These stories only lend more meaning and  conviction to what he believes should be understood about this young man.  That is that Chris McCandless wasn't crazy or insane. Rather, he was  someone searching for happiness in way and ultimately a place that most  people do not understand. Krakauer helps with that, and does a masterful  job.
B000002OX7|5.0|Well, I grew up on this stuff from a very early age, and though I can't listen to it more than once every 5 years or so, due to repeated over- exposure as a child (!), it is excellent music.
B00000J7S8|5.0|The album is worth every cent, but the bonus is the number 13 song that does not even appear on the cover. &quot;Why Should I Care&quot; is reason alone to buy this CD. After you listen to this CD, and more importantly  this song, you will be a Diana Krall fan for life!!
0792151720|5.0|I didn't think I would like Titanic when I was dragged to the theater to see it a couple of winters ago. But I tried to keep an open mind (unlike many of the people commenting here, who seemed to have sat down to watch it  with knives instead of popcorn) and was I glad I did! I was blown out the  back of the theater! Titanic is totally awesome, engrossing entertainment.  Bravo to James Cameron for this triumphant achievement (and T2). P.S.  Celine Dion is an embarrassment.
B0000057C5|5.0|The best music I have heard in a long time. Strong, very strong, a lot better lyrics than in Herzeleid. Go get it
B000002GDJ|5.0|The highs on OUTLANDOS D'AMOUR are higher, but overall this is a more consistent album (for a band not known for making consistent albums). The sound production is also much better on REGATTA DE BLANC.
B000003RCY|4.0|A really good album in general but kind of uneven. Along with great songs like Asche zu Asche or Der Meister there are others that didn't mean anything to me.
0345349571|5.0|I have to admit that Barbara Tuchman is one of my favorite history authors and it was this book that introduced me to her.  This book tells the truth about that time period, a time of turmoil, illiteracy, wars, bloody  mercenaries roaming and pillaging.  A lot of people when they think back to  this time period they have these romantic notions of dashing knights,  damsels in distress, wonderful luxury and refinement, and noble wars.   These people are totally ignorant of the subject and time and I would  definitely recommend for them to read this book to open their eyes to a  time period that, thank god, is in the distant past.  However, if we are  not careful this same chaos and substandard living could return and modern  chaos is a lot more destructive and dangerous than 14th Century chaos.
0783211856|5.0|The person who reviewed this film on April 9, 1999 was expecting a COMEDY???  That review was a comedy, right?  And even had you not heard that Schindler's List was a docu-drama about the Holocaust, you could  figure it out after just a few minutes into the film.  The story is  outstanding and touches raw nerves in just about anyone who watches it and  has a heart.  The very fact that many of the Nazis had no regard for human  life or suffering was a heart-breaking fact, or the Holocaust could never  have happened.  Neeson was magnificent and convincing as the compassionate  Oskar Schindler, and Fiennes played his part so superbly that he convinced  me that I wouldn't even like to know HIM in real life--anyone who could  portray such an cold, inhuman character!!  I normally stick with G and PG  family films, but occasionally wish to see  a worthwhile film based on a  true story.  Although the theme of man's-inhumanity-to-man was so realistic  as to sicken one, the story of compassion this film portrayed was equally  moving.  I don't thing Spielberg will out-do himself again like this.
6305232660|1.0|This film made me happy to have a fast forward button! I felt somewhat uncomfortable that Robert Duval could be in a film like this. I had like him since Apocalypse Now. Flying a ship on the tail of a comet is even  worse than shooting down alien ships with a computer virus or piloting  alien ships stored in Hangar 50 something in Independence Day. The plot is  unbelievable, the \\"special\\" effects less than bad and the side story of  that reporter and her father totally out of context. If this is better than  Armageddon I won't even try to see Armageddon.
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr.Bungle's California is as close to perfection without confining one to a state of complete stasis. Nonetheless, when I first listened to the CD I was nearly frozen in time. Mr.Bungle's new CD is absolutely majestic and  will be elevated into a distinct musical sovereignty.  However, this CD  does require courage well above the assumed metal-head bravado, which is  usually displayed at Faith no More concerts, when allowing the music's  magnificence to penetrate through the corporeal veneer of most listeners.  Again, Mr.Bungle's California has aided the Divine to slightly reveal its  existence piecemeal to us through each track. Thank you!
6305165912|5.0|simply, the best f--king bowling movie ever
0553526243|5.0|Ciaran Hinds as Valmont and Lindsay Duncan as the Marquise de Merteuil lead a wonderful cast in this marvelous BBC production of Christopher Hampton's play based on the novel by Chonderlos De Laclos. The performances  are tremendously subtle and vivid. You can almost feel the characters  coming to life in all their chilling, erotic, and manipulative glory. This  is by far one of the finest audio productions I have ever heard. Mr. Hinds,  in particular, is wonderful. You will be mesmerized.
B000002BE9|5.0|I think that Fiona Apple is one of the best female artists of the time period, and that her album has wonderful material. Sullen Girl and Slleep to Dream are the best songs.
6303109950|5.0|What can I say? Val Kilmer graces the screen in this stylish, sophisticated, and highly entertaining Western. I've been told he studied this role (as he does all his roles)for an extensive period of time, and  the results are truly incredible. From the witty &quot;Does this mean we're  not friends? Because, Ed, if I didn't think I was your friend...I just  don't think I could bear it!&quot; to the inscrutable &quot;I'm your  huckelberry&quot; I left this movie repeating the lines in my head. Thank  you Mr. Kilmer for your portrayal of this hardcore, slightly tempered,  gunfighter with a deathwish. As for the other characters, I could love em  or leave em. Billy Bob Thornton's 10 minute portrayal of Johnny Tyler is  spectacular and Michael Biehn's &quot;Johnny Ringo&quot; is superb.  Although jazzed up a bit, real historical accounts tell these same stories.  What a romantic, sinister period of our history, and Tombstone truly and  masterfully represents it!
0393038912|1.0|Jared Diamond's &quot;Guns, Germs, and Steel&quot; correctly suggests that environment is a major factor in the development of human societies.  But his dismissal of all other factors involved and his inconsistent use of  examples to suggest his arguements without any balanced discussion trouble  this reader.  The most valuable part of the book is &quot;further  readings.&quot;  He cites the excellent work by the Cavalli-Sforzas on  paleobotany and a number of works on the effects of disease on human  society.  Read the references; ignore this book.
6300263673|5.0|This movie is the best one i have ever seen.  I can't ever seem to get enough of it.  Between my girls and I, we have wore out 2 videos watching it so much.  If you haven't seen it, you are really missing out!  You'll  hate yourself for not watching it sooner!
0375707972|5.0|Touching, very well written.  You get very emotionally involved with the characters.  I highly recommend it for anyone.  Anyone who has anything negative to say about the book missed the point of what the author was  trying to convey.
B00000J7S8|5.0|this new album establishes Diana Krall in that very select band of female jazz vocalists. This carefully selected programme of standards fully displays her talents as both singer and pianist. She is supported on most  tracks by the superb Russell Malone[guitar]and on one track a welcome  appearance of Larry Bunker on vibes.The rich orchestral settings on six of  the tracks are the work of master arranger Johnny Mandel and a joy to  listen to,Johnny incidentally co-produced the album with Tommy Lipuma,If  you have not bought a vocal jazz album this year then make it this one it  should certainly be in the running for this years !grammy! awards.
6303855512|4.0|I find it really very strange that throughout his long and illustrous carreer Harvey Keitel has been nominated just once for the Academy Awards! His lazy way of telling a story at the end of &quot;Smoke&quot; should have  deserved at least a nomination, not to talk about his brilliant  performances in &quot;Taxi driver&quot;, &quot;Pulp fiction&quot;,  &quot;Mean streets&quot;, or &quot;The piano&quot;.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I have long admired Elvis' vast songwriting skills, but the songs that have rung truest and hit hardest have been his bitter, heart-wrenching ones (e.g., &quot;All This Useless Beauty&quot; and &quot;Tramp The Dirt  Down&quot;).  You might think that the marriage of Burt Bacharach's  traditional arrangements with this sarcastic and wounded sensibility would  be unworkable, but the opposite it true.  Elvis' lyrics are perfectly  juxtaposed to Mr. Bacharach's harmonies.  They multi-part string  arrangements and subtle horns deepen the cut each word slices into the  listener's heart.<br />Each song is as self-contained and layered as a classic  poem.  And each word, note, crescendo and breath is perfectly placed in its  spot.  But don't misunderstand me:  the power of this album is in its  emotion, not its technical precision.  No song has ever produced the  feeling in the pit of my stomach that &quot;This House Is Empty Now&quot;  does.  And &quot;God Give Me Strength&quot; is as raw a plea as anybody on  the verge has ever uttered.<br />A stunning album.
0449002632|5.0|In this very long (over 1100 page) novel, the stories of 5 English families intertwine. Starting in the 50's BC, it cronicles though the dark, medevil, Elizibathian, Victorian, Edwardian eras, and ends in the present  date.   I recomend this book to any and all who enjoy reading. It is not  just for those who seek dry, boring, way-too discripitive historical  novels. Everyone will love it! This book is funny, romantic, and also  incorperates famous historical figures, such as Caesar, Chauser, and  Shakespere. Read it, and enjoy!
0767830555|5.0|This is a really great DVD.  The movie itself is excellent.  The quality of the picture is excellent for a 1976 film, and the sound is really good.  The sound is DD 2.0 and not 5.1, though I'm not complaining.  The  documentary is really good as well.  You talking to me?
B00000IFWE|5.0|Tom and the crew show off their musical and lyrical abilities on their latest accomplishment. &quot;Free Girl Now&quot; is a great, liberating song, and &quot;Swingin'&quot; could be the surprise hit.  Three cheers for TP and the HB!
B000001Y16|5.0|Tupac pushed himself into one of the top spots with &quot;All Eyez On Me&quot; alone but this album holds anger like a madman.It is truly something to hold and hear and will shock and entertain you like no other  album.I played this one to death when I first got it,the day it came out,  and still enjoy it.The intro is kerazy and depicts who Tupac believes shot  him. Calling out names of people who he hates is something most artists  won't touch.In my opinion this album is every bit as good as &quot;All Eyez  On Me&quot;.Tupac is so angry on some of these songs he sounds as if he's  gonna come out the stereo and beat your sorry a**.&quot;Bomb first(my  second reply)&quot; is so pissed off it makes his other material sound like  pop songs. &quot;Hail Mary&quot; is a wonderful song that catches your  ears.&quot;To live and did in L.A.&quot; is a song to just smile to and be  thankful for.A great album all around. This is an album some people would  deem  he went a little to far on but he's an artist not a kid.This album is  very angry though,put it this way,I am also a very big fan of KoRn and  Tupac's stuff is just as p***** off,Jonathon Davis screams and rages at the  world for everything and on this album Tupac does the same he just raps  about it instead. Unfortunately you can add Tupac to the list of actors or  actresses/musicians who don't get much deserved credit,like Courtney  Love,but you can add him to the list of the top three rappers with Rakim  and Kool G. Rap.
0060977493|1.0|I bought this book because of the rave reviews and I started it about five times and never finished it.  After a few months of starting and not finishing, I finally gave up.  I found it boring and repetitive.  I could  not identify with the characters, nor did I really want to.  I may have  missed the point, but I'm having a hard time understanding all the hype  surrounding this book.
6305180261|5.0|All I can say about the video tape is WOW!!!  The best quality and sound available!  Definitely the best music video tape I own!!  If you love GN'R, this is THE tape to own.  Britt
0790729989|5.0|I love this movie, but I was dismayed when halfway through the film it just stopped. Then I realized that the movie is recorded on two sides like an old-school laserdisc. I had hoped that the DVD format would eliminate  this unecessary break in the viewing experience. I had to get up and flip  the disc.  Very annoying. If Amazon's return policy allowed me to return  opened DVDs I would.
B0000028PL|5.0|The first was great but didn't had a great sound, the second, had a great sound but the songs were too much different between each other, this has the best of both albums, plus a great sound , more aggresive tunes and the  best bass player they could find. Their best album in all aspects!! (if u  love yourself , buy this album )
B00000G3PA|4.0|Anyone who tries to analyze a Jerry Bruckheimer film has already missed the point.  Not all movies are made to test your brain, some are made to just have fun.  Armageddon is the latter and FUN is the operative word.   You ride a rollercoaster for the thrill of the rush, this movie delivers  that rush.  It's non-stop action from minute one.  If I want to stimulate  my brainpan, I'll read a book or watch the Discovery channel (which I often  do), but sometimes I just need to cut loose and enjoy the fantasy.  I  highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys high-octane action flicks.
0451169514|5.0|OK this book has to be one of the best books ever written by anyone, especially king himself. Charaters are so amazingly real it brings chills down your back!!!!!!!! The book is about seven children who are all close  friends and who stumble upon the menacing terror of it when they are  children. But twenty seven years later it comes back and they find  themselves coming back and wanting to put an end to the evil once and for  all. The only point in the book that i thought was unnesarry was that they  all have sex with the girl bcuz they wanna stay friends forever but, rather  than that the book is aboultulutely flawless!!!!!!!!!! King is a genious   for the fact that  as children they can use magic to stop it but as adults  they have to find that magic deep down in their souls and use it against it  once and for all!!!!!!!! As for henry bowers the bully it is also amazing  how he becomes part of it and literaly insane. As for a last resort this  book is not for the faint hearted bcuz of the graphic pre-adolecent sex and  graphic violence As for everybody else this is a must read!!   P.S. it was  very scary and the movie wasn't to great!!!!!!!!
6303985467|5.0|I saw this movie as a child on a show called Creature Feature back in the mid 70's and I must say it almost did what only one other movie did to me(Night of the Living Dead: the greatest horror movie of all time...That's  a another story).
B000002KKX|5.0|This easy listening classic dates from an era when such slick things were perfectly produced with ace session men out in California, when songs had key changes for the last verse and every one ended with a fadeout. Nearly  every one is memorable, which is unusual for this kind of schmaltz. Great  consistent stuff.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Never, in my life, have I done a review on a CD. But after hearing this CD, I had to do it. What a performer Sarah is. I love the song Sweet Surrender, and love it even more now, after hearing it LIVE. Buy this CD,  you will not be disappointed, I promise.......
B000002NHN|5.0|Very spiritual in nature, moving, lifts the soul to greater hights. If there is music in heaven, this is what it sounds like.
B000001FAU|5.0|This album is probably more polished in some ways than the first one, but for me it's a toss-up. The first record had more variety, and the great instrumental, &quot;Still I'm Sad&quot;. I bought them both as soon as they came out, and they still sound incredible to me.  Blackmore is the king of  &quot;dark&quot; guitar, and Dio is just fabulous. Who else has his range?   I felt it was downhill after the first two efforts, but who cares?   &quot;Rising&quot; is as awesome as the image it's cover evokes.
B000002J5K|5.0|If you're a fan of ANY of the following: Blues, R&amp;B, Soul, Jazz, or Rock, than this CD is a must buy. This CD contains some of the best music ever written, likable even to people who generally hate this type of music.  And if you've seen the movie (a true classic, see it if you haven't)it is  all the more enjoyable. Songs like &quot;Peter Gunn theme&quot; and  &quot;Sweet Home Chicago&quot; will never grow old. I would also like to  highly recommend the Blues Brothers other 3 CD's. Music like this is simply  too good to be ignored.
B00000J8EK|5.0|From the very first song, starting with the huge bass rumble, moving into the high twangy beats, I was hooked on the CD.  If you've got a system worth listening to in your car, this CD is gonna get a lot of play!  Its still decent if you don't, but you won't get the full effect!  FYI, they  got a concert at the aragon ballroom (chicago) on the 19th of July with  FBS!
6302767741|1.0|You'd be better off watching all six hours of a blank VHS cassette than five minutes of this cliched folderol. Clearly derivative of &quot;Big Chill&quot; sickly sentimentality and perfectly devoid of quality writing,  &quot;Peter's Friends&quot; ranks with &quot;Ishtar&quot; in its utter  waste of talent. I adore Brannagh and Thompson and Mr. Frye is a brilliant  man, but asking them to be part of this mess is like watching Ken Griffey  Jr. play Wiffle Ball. The actors out of league with their lines.
B000002UDV|5.0|I was among those who thought of the Beach Boys as a lightwieght band with great harmonies that did surfer ditties, and consequently never gave them the serious listen they deserved.  I bought Pet Sounds two years ago based  upon its reputation as a materwork.  It exceeded even my wildest  expectations.  It is musically more sophisticated than anything the Beatles  did, even with Geroge Martin at the producer's helm.  Not better!  Just  more complex.  Only Frank Zappa was creating popular music with this level  of sopistication in the 60's, though Zappa's cynical sensibility is as far  from Brian Wilson's sweet sincerety as you can get.  In a way this music  defies comparison.  You can hear the influence of Bach, Mozart, the Four  Freshman, Esquivel, Spector, and the Beatles. But Wilson ultimatley created  a unique work of art that has stood the test of time and that continues to  move listeners to profound expereinces.  You can't say that about many (any  other?) pop albums.  Plus, it is purely an American sound!  No Brit band  could have made this.<br />Don't be a fool like I was. I missed years of  enjoying this masterpiece simply because I closed my ears and my mind.  If  you love music, buy it.  You won't be disappointed.  (The Pet Sounds box  set is also outstanding.) Also, be aware that Capitol released a remastered  version with mono and stereo mixes on 7/13.  That's probably the copy to  get.
6305327041|1.0|This pathetic excuse for a movie is not an independent film. Only an unexperienced and incredibly stupid moviegoer would mistake for an independent production. It's released by Miramax, who have become a major  studio, and that's the only even slighlty indie thing about. At an hour and  a half, it's still a stupid bloated mess. The third segment is worth  watching for the puke, but Rodriguez' fast approach to filmmaking has never  seemed more whorish. The fourth is worthwhile because of Tarantion's  occasionally funny script, but even the great QT couldn't keep this mess  afloat. Alison Anders and Alexandre Rockwell completely screwed themselves  with their terrible segments. While QT and Rodriguez came out of this  cinematic Vietnam somewhat unscathed, Anders and Rockwell never recovered.  Utter shit.
0452277752|3.0|[This review was also posted under the Amazon.com listing of the original 1977 paperback edition of Rage]<br />The most interesting thing about &quot;Rage&quot; is its history: Stephen King began writing this novel his  senior year in high school, finished it in 1971, and published it as an  original paperback in 1977 under the pseudonym Richard Bachman. Years  later, after it became public knowledge that Stephen King and Richard  Bachman were one and the same, it was republished in hardcover as part of  an omnibus titled THE BACHMAN BOOKS, which contained the first four novels  published under the Bachman penname (there were six in all). In the years  since, all the Bachman novels have been reprinted as separate  paperbacks--all except Rage. In response to the recent school shooting  tragedy at Columbine High School (and the anti-media backlash it caused),  King decided to pull Rage out of print, forever. He is afraid its depiction  of school violence will further 'glorify' such acts of aggression. <br />The  story itself has some obvious flaws: the plot is cliched (although, to be  fair, school violence was not as common in 1977); the students in the story  do not act realistically (at least, they didn't act like real students in  similar situations have acted); and at times the dialogue seems wooden (not  like King's modern writing at all). Still, King was good enough even back  then that you could see some real talent under the surface of the teen  angst. He is a master at turning a situation on its head. By the end of the  130-page book, I found myself rooting for Charlie, the troubled teen who  kills his teacher and holds his classmates hostage. And I was solidly  aligned against the forces of good--the cops, the psychiatrists, &amp; the  parents. On the whole, the book certainly held my interest, and it was sort  of fun looking back and seeing how Stephen King, the most successful  commercial writer of all time, got started.
B000002KDS|5.0|The other is &quot;Love it to Death&quot;.  Highlights on this one include &quot;Halo of Flies,&quot; &quot;Under My Wheels,&quot; &quot;You Drive me Nervous,&quot; and &quot;Dead Babies.&quot;<br />I've listened to this album  hundreds of times.  When it first came out, I listened to it twice a day  for about a year.  I've bought two vinyls and one CD.  It still sounds good  after all these years.  You have to overlook the sound of the recording -  technology wasn't that advanced in the early 70s.  Still the music comes  through with lots of power.<br />I'd say UMW and YDMN are the best tunes on  the album, although there's a strong argument for HOF.  I wouldn't disagree  with someone who picked that as the best.<br />Put it in your collection if  you are a rock fan.
014028009X|5.0|This book is hysterical. I couldn't put this book down and re-read it all the time.  Many of us can see parts of ourselves in Bridget which makes our own lives seem less overwhelming.  After reading Bridget Jones's Diary, I  found humor in black opaque tights and consolation about a doomed office  romance.
0446310786|5.0|This is one of the most stunning lovely books I've ever read--I did not read it in 9th grade, I read it my first time as an Assistant Professor of English at a college in California.  It was the favorite book of so many of  my friends I decided to turn aside from the more &quot;adult,&quot;  intellectual work I'd been doing and check in on Scout and Atticus.  What I  found absorbed me entirely, and although it is sweeter and simpler in its  characterizations of our human but Capra-esque heroes, it is also about  continuing ugliness in the racially conflicted world we live in.  E.g.,  Capra, with punch. It provides remarkable messages about how to be human,  how to embrace what's right even when it will result in some kind of  disaster--and it's wonderfully written.  I love this book.  Reading it was  like finding a really good new friend--
0375707972|4.0|Schlink's terse, strong writing provides an edgy counterpoint to his almost-parable of the conflicts of love and honor. The reader is dragged rather unwillingly into the discussion of how, and whether or not, one can  provide one's own redemptive act to 'pay' society back. Our women's  literature group was sharply divided on whether or not we 'liked' this  book--but all agreed that it was important and provocative.
6303913881|5.0|People who bash this film fail to acknowledge the fact that it is truly one of the greatest ever made.  I rank it up there with such films as &quot;Schindler's List,&quot; &quot;Casablanca&quot; and &quot;Gone With  the Wind&quot; in terms of sheer brilliance.  Great acting, combined with a  riveting plot and terrific, crackling dialogue, make this movie one for the  ages.  Elizabeth Berkeley was amazing, like a young Meryl Streep...only  better.  One helluva film.
6304140711|5.0|I am not able to submit a review at this time.  I'm inquiring to as to whether there is a Soundtrack to the movie on CD.  I really liked the music.
0440178002|5.0|James Clavell is a master of literature. The book is phenomenal. I've noticed that other readers mentioned ethnic slurs portrayed in the book. Maybe its not realized, but medieval Japansese culture probably wasn't  politically correct.
0887306101|4.0|This book perhaps is the sequel of Reminiscence of A Stock Operator by Edwin Lefevre. The difference is that this book is more actual &amp; comprehensive (because a lot of modern top traders are involved). Although  there is no secret tehcnique in order to predict the price, the wisdom it  contains is the primary factor, preceeding the technique itself (in my  opinion). Of course, in modern trading we need them both, but I believe  that to be mentally ready for trading is more important than the knowledge  about the techniques of trading (charts, calculations...etc). For any  beginner, I highly recommend this book to be readed first before make any  movement in the market (learn from the expert rather than your own  experience when you get wiped out!).
6305177473|5.0|I've seen (and have) the 1961 version, and I just love it! I went to the cinema to watch the &quot;updated&quot; version, not expecting much, as I'd already seen the remake of &quot;That Darn Cat&quot; (disappointing,  although the original was hilarious!). But, this one was BRILLIANT! Lindsay  Lohan was great, so was Dennis Quaid, Chessie (?) and Martin, but the best  was Natasha Richardson, especially with the drunk scene and all her British  comedy-like lines!
0553260111|5.0|I have read hundreds of books, just as the rest of you, and this is the BEST by any rating system. <br />And then there is &quot;Supremacy&quot; and &quot;Ultimatum&quot; go for it all you newbies they are the 2nd and 3rd  best ever. I only wish that I could be reading them all for the first time  again!<br />How does Ludlam do it????
B00000FCBC|5.0|Anyone who has followed Metallica since the band's wicked inseption in the early '80s is well aware of their &quot;garage band makes it big&quot; reputation. Garage, Inc. offers die hard 'tallica fans an explosion of the  old cover tunes James and Lars brought to us years ago and newer fans a  glimpse of the foundations.  However, what makes this album so amazing is  their ability to apply the amazing musical skills they have developed since  the beginning to the hard-core, rabid, NWOBHM sound. This is the quality  which has kept Metallica out of the discount bins- and that has distanced  them from the less-than-open-minded faction of their fan base- the ability  to change, expand, and grow, giving the finger to corporate pressure and  the neo-phobic rock mainstream. Change is good. Remembering the past is  good. Keeping an open mind is good. Garage, Inc. is amazing. Those quick to  judge the new directons taken by the album should keep in mind what made  Metallica so unique in the first place- their ability to forge new metallic  masterpieces out of old slag.
6303203345|2.0|Enjoyable, but hardly worthy of any accolades as a great sci-fi/fantasy film. Remember, there's more to a film than mere ONE LINERS and F/X. The only plus to this movie was RICHARD DAWSON (former FAMILY FEUD host). Quite  a contrast from his lovable self on that show. Thus being the perfect  candidate for this evil role. Otherwise, one is better off sticking to the  novel. Incidentally, PAUL MICHAEL GLASER (director) is the same former  ACTOR who starred as STARSKY in TV's &quot;STARSKY &amp; HUTCH.&quot;
B000002G0P|5.0|This musical masterpiece was denied of the grammy's it deserved back in 1993! - It's a brilliant musical recording divided into three distinct musical sides. Yours,Mine,&amp; The Truth.
B000005J56|5.0|The CD is wonderful.  If you like the CD go see the movie
B000002V0Q|4.0|THE ENTIRE ALBUM IS REALLY GOOD.  DAVE MUSTAINE IS BY FAR A BETTER SONG WRITER AND GUITAR PLAYER THAN JAMES HETFIELD OF POSERTALLICA.  MEGADETH'S MUSIC CONTINUES TO GROW WHILE METALLICA HAS SOLD OUT TO CORPORATE AMERICA.   IMAGINE MUSTAINE AT THE HELM OF METALLICA.  ON EARLY METALLICA RECORDINGS  IT WAS MUSTAINES WRITING AND LYRICS THAT MADE METALLICA WHAT IT IS TODAY.   ALSO CHECK YOUTHANASIA AND COUNT DOWN TO EXTINCTION.  YOU WILL NOT BE  SORRY.
014028009X|2.0|I am very surprised that so many people loved this book. I found Bridget very pathetic and shallow. She is obsessed with counting cigarettes, alcoholic drinks, and calories every day?! Do people actually do this??? I  had a very difficult time relating to her and it is rather disappointing  that so many women could relate. On a positive note, there were some funny  parts and it is easy summer reading.
630438551X|5.0|First of all, let me say to those who gave this movie just one star, you just hate Shakespeare!!! When Shakespeare wrote this over 400 years ago, he was telling a love story that was meant to be for all generations. The  reason why Romeo was updated is so that the MTV generation could enjoy it  just like me.  This is a must show in English class. If you enjoy this play  (even though it is a movie) like I do, you might want to check out  Shakespeare's other play &quot;Hamlet&quot; with Kennth Branagh. It is good  also.
B000000H4V|2.0|this cd is about has heavy as a group of geriatric nuns at the convelesant home with harmonicas.
B000002V0Q|4.0|COUNTDOWN TO EXTINCTION IS A FANTASTIC ALBUM.  THIS BAND CAN GIVE METALLICA A RUN ANYTIME.  MUSTAINE AND CO. HAVE GROWN MUSICALLY OVER THE YEARS WHERE METALLICA HAS FLATTENED OUT, NOT TO MENTION SOLD OUT.
0800196341|5.0|Remember it was Hamlet's madness that killed him at the end.  Great job!!!! Great cast!!!!! But one problem, 4 hours long!!!!!! But still a great movie!!!
B0000017CA|5.0|the sickest record i've ever heard. a classic. mere words cannot describe the excelence on this album!
B000002TPS|2.0|THE ALBUM IS OK, BUT NOT THEIR BEST
6301562941|5.0|I saw this when I was vacationing in Hawaii--a very good vacation movie. Very thin story line. I remember the &quot;waterworm&quot;: that long, snaky blob of water that wandered through the rooms and made a face at you.  The face was your own! Fun.
0380713802|5.0|I can't remember the last time I laughed out loud so many times while reading a book. It's fabulous!!!  Don't be mislead though, this is not really a book for those BEFORE they go travel in Europe.  Rather it is a  wonderful book for those that have already been there and want to relive  the experience.  The perfect gift for a friend that recently returned from  backpacking thru Europe!
6303997198|2.0|Very romantic, but glorifies adultery.  I just can't like a movie that does that.
6300216268|5.0|Harold and maude are both characters we can all relate to. Perhaps each is a bit extreme in their mannerism yet together they create the perfect blend of life and death. Acceptance and fear.
6303442846|5.0|I saw this movie on the telly when I was about 9-10 years old. (And what an impression I got!) I fell totally in love with the little girl (she was at same age as myself), but she didn't behave as normal. She smokes, swears  and screams. Back then I didn't know her name was Tatum O'Neal and this was  her debut-film and that she won an Oscar. But I know this movie was the one  who got me interested in movies. Ofcoz I've read about how Tatum O'Neal's  life and career has turned out, and it's kinda sad. But I will always hope  the best for Tatum, for her role in 'Paper Moon' will always be in my  heart.
0767819543|5.0|This work is truly phenomenal.  The plot gives you great character identification while it describes the realities of everyday Brazil.  I can't wait till it comes out cheaper!
B000000WA4|5.0|To tell you the truth, I stopped liking the Pumpkins over 2 years ago, but I can still say that this is the best SP album by a long shot. Gish is distorted crap, and Siamese Dream is a few catchy tunes with distorted crap  in between, but this album's music is complex and beautiful while still  holding on to its hard core rock and roll edge. It seemed like this album  would be the break out hit for the Pumpkins to become great, but the album  after this one is far worse than Gish or Siamese Dream. BUY THIS CD!
0380789019|5.0|I've just completed Neverwhere. I never put it down! Right from the beginning I knew I was in capable hands, and relaxed knowing I wouldnt be let down. I've never read Gaiman before, so this was a new experience. I am  eagerly awaiting an other books that explore the Under World of London!
0316152196|5.0|Angel's Flight is as wonderful as all of Michael Connelly's books. I read them all and he has never disappointed me. This latest one is definitely a winner.
0380796090|4.0|I bought this book while on a business trip to San Francisco.  While I should have been working, I was glued to what happened to our characters next.  Although this is not a literary giant, it is that kind of book that  you can't stop reading, where you want to know what happened to our  characters next.  I like the author's down-to-earth style - she describes  the idiocy of how we act when we're dumped in such detail that it makes me  laugh at the realism.  Probably a &quot;chick book&quot;.
6305229449|5.0|Can Disney ever go wrong??  They put out the best animated films ever, no one can evey make movies like them, no one.  If you need proof, just see Mulan.  The animation is breathtaking, the story is excellent, the  characters are great (especially Mushu), and it is loaded with comedy,  drama, action, and heart.  It should have received alot more credit than it  got.  What a movie!
0380973464|5.0|This book isn't SF--some of the reviewers who gave it low marks complain about this--but it is high tech. Stephenson is a thoroughly entertaining storyteller. There are asides (another complaint of some reviewers, who  apparently would be happier with Cliff Notes rather than a rich novel), but  I loved them. I enjoyed the book so much I went out and bought more  Stephenson. I just finished Snow Crash, which I also enjoyed, but not as  much as Cryptonomicon. This is the book I'm recommending to my friends this  summer.
6304244304|4.0|Of course the movie does no justice to the book,Its a MOVIE.No films are as good as the book.But instead of judging it from the book,try to see it as just a regular film. No matter what all the critics said I loved it.
0767802659|4.0|This movie takes a different approach, based partly on the 1940's style of movie making mixed with the 1990's special effects.  You can't compare it to the original book and expect the same nostalgia of that era.  However,  if you are looking for an entertaining movie that will put you on the edge  of your seat, this is the ticket.
0553296981|5.0|I find it sad that some reviewers found this boring; it was the private thoughts of a young girl who was able to express herself much more thoughtfully and articulately than most modern-day thirteen year olds. It  is touching, or should be, because Anne describes her dreams and hopes and  we know that she never lived to realize them. That is what makes this diary  so touching and important.  Perhaps some of you can re-read it when you  have gained some maturity and sensitivity and then you will appreciate it  more.
B00000IRED|4.0|I saw The Truman Show 3 times in the theaters. It was nothing I ever expected. I thought it was going to be like all the other Carrey movies. He has definently changed. I believe he wants to move up into the adult field  of mind. He has always done movies for little children. He really wants to  grow up.
078322706X|5.0|Very sensitive and romantic movie (with some humorous moments).<br />I reluctantly picked up this movie thinking it might be a sad story about dying, but was I surprised!  It does have some sad parts but mostly it's an  uplifting story about life and relationships.  Death just wants to sample a  slice of life so he needs a 3-day tour with billionaire William Parrish  (Anthony Hopkins). He certainly decided to vacation in style! The  photography in the movie is lush.  The sets are richly decorated with lots  of artwork and antiques.<br />The makeup artists make the stars look gorgeous.   Hopkins never looked better. Claire Forlani is stunningly beautiful and  Brad Pitt looks awesome. <br />The lines are thought provoking and timed  perfectly.  The acting is superb and well polished.  Facial expressions and  gestures say so much about the feeling of each scene.  <br />The movie is 3  hours long, but each scene is significant, continually building on the  theme of the story.  It would be difficult to edit any of it without losing  an important aspect of the story.<br />The music is really a wonderful blend  of strings, woodwinds and brass that adds feeling to scenes that are  already emotion filled.<br />I loved watching the story the first time, but it  seemed even better the second time. For anyone with an appreciation for  sensitive and romantic movies, this is a must see movie experience.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Pet sounds is one of those rare albums that I have enjoyed more with each listening.  Each listening brought a new discovery.  My only complaint is that some passages had sounded muddy in mono because there were so many different musical lines interweaving simultaneously, the overall sound  tended to be a bit &quot;squashed.&quot;  The stereo re-release is superb,  especially since it includes the original mono mix for the purists.  I,  however, was blown away by the way the sound opens up in stereo.  Try it  with headphones - I can really hear all of the musical ideas interplaying  in a very convincing 3-dimensional soundscape.  Masterful treatment of a  masterwork.
630451087X|5.0|What else is there to say, but that this movie inspired me to look into film as a serious art form. The fact that we have allowed lynch to do what he does, attests that hope is not all lost.
0553269631|5.0|For all of you who belittled this text with your unenlightened comments, I simply want you to know that this book not only changed my entire life, it saved my life.  So, when you learn how to read and understand what you read  and have finally grown up, READ IT AGAIN! Till then, take Mommy's credit  card and buy yourself some more brain decaying Cleff notes or some stupid,  inane videos. If &quot;Ignorance is bliss&quot; you must be truly happy.
6300214826|5.0|Indeed Apocalypse Now is one of Francis Ford Coppola's masterpieces, along with The Godfather and The Godfather Part 2. Probably one of the movie industry's best war films ever, Coppola's vision of the Vietnam War is  unlike any war movie I've ever seen. It truly showed the horrors of the war  and the young soldiers who became crazy over the fact they had to be  brought into Vietnam without experience. Ranking #28 in AFI's 100 movies of  all-time, I believe it fits the right place. I now can't wait to see Hearts  of Darkness: A Film Maker's Apocalypse. And one more thing: Marlon Brando  couldn't have performed his part any better.
6301972015|5.0|...and I love a lot of films.  But this charmer is one that I have watched over and over, and as so many other customers have also said, I never tire of it. It is that rare gem that just gets better with age; never loses its  edge, never seems boring or dated.  And with a heroine like Tracy Lord as  its protagonist, played so delectably by the divine Katharine Hepburn,  what's not to love? If you're an LA fan of this film, be sure to catch the  tribute to George Cukor at the LACMA this month. It will be well worth a  look!
B00000J7J4|2.0|Have always thought of Santana as one of the best guitatist and song writers.This Cd has nothing to it.Bring back the old Santana,the one that opened up for three dogg night and Canned heat at the Filemore East back in  68.I was there at there first show ever on the east Coast.Bill Grhamn would  roll over in his grave if he ever heard this garbage,
6303422020|5.0|This film rocks.  It is even better than the original Creepshow.  The best story was The Raft.  My second favorite tale was Old Chief Woodenhead, and the Hitchiker Tale is my least favorite story, but it is still good.  I  thought the special effects were great, and the acting was also good.  The  film was also as scary as hell.  The only complaint I have is that the  Creepshow host wasn't as good.(As in the make-up job)  Still, this is a  great movie.  One of my all-time favorites.
B000002J2F|5.0|&quot;Please Don't Ask&quot; is probably my favorite song ever. It's a shame that that song never became a hit. Heathaze is a song that expresses how life seems pointless and without meaning at times. Dreaming &amp;  drifting off seem like your only option of getting away.     Misunderstanding is a tune that many of us can relate to. You wait to go  out on a wonderful &amp; romantic evening with your lover, your heart  pounding--and she's not there.     Duke's end was one of those types of  musicals that Genesis used to do at the end of an album combining  various  tunes from various songs sounding a bit different &amp; distorted. A clever  idea, indeed.     All in all, a beautiful album.
B000000WJK|5.0|...cause its been going on now for 5 years now.  I discovered The Verve while listening to our college radio station, they played &quot;Sail Away&quot;.  That DAY I went out and bought it.  Since then I listen to it  just about everyday, its a permanent fixture in my car's CD changer, and  I've considered buying another one for my home.  Each song has so many  layers that all come together to form music that is wickedly absorbing.   This is by far the best Verve album.
0767819543|4.0|Pretty nice movie, it does show a real portrait of Brazilian reality, the illiterate and the poor community unfotunatelly predominant down here. It was a serious nominee for Foreign Language Film Oscar in 1999, but found a  stronger competitor in Life is Beautiful, also a brilliant movie.
B0000026DJ|5.0|So passionate, so committed, so... catchy. Not many albums exist with this many hummable hooks. A classic.
B000002NC4|5.0|If you ever turn a woman onto this album she will fall in love with you. BtS take their time in building heavenly compositions designed to send your two spirits soaring together. The day I got this, I set in my CD player and  stared at my speakers the entire time, I think I forgot to blink. Words  can't really describe just how good this is.....
B0000035E7|5.0|This album has to be the best of Nirvana. Not as polished as the follow up Nevermind which owed a lot to Steve Albini's studio expertise &quot;Bleach&quot; just blows you away. From the beautiful &quot;About a Girl&quot; to the brilliant &quot;Big Cheese&quot; this album is a prelude  to the album that changed the direction of music. Throughout the album  Cobain's ability to blend catchy tunes and beautiful lyrics that harrow the  soul is shown. Tracks like &quot;Scoff&quot;, &quot;Big Cheese&quot; and  &quot;Negative Creep&quot; give us a sample of what was to come. Not as  highly produced as the following albums yet this is Nirvana as they are  meant to sound. The album has a lo-fi chic about it that brings back  memories of the Pixies and Mudhoney and mixes them with the Beatles and  Black Sabbath. Nirvana as it should be.
B000005ZGZ|4.0|I read a review ian did with 'the Onion' explaining that all these songs were written with the idea inmind that each would be the song that would conclude the album, and that sense of finality really shows through the  songs and title, but the truly amazing thing is, these songs rip!  F/D has got to be one of my favorite Fugazi songs of all time, one that I  STARTED one of my custom burn CD compilations with, and to bury it at the  end of this CD was a definate surprise you'll enjoy. Turn it up!
0451198670|4.0|I bought this book to take on a trip, because it was small and easy to pack.  Then I got stuck on an airplane with a shy neighbor and I began the book.  How lucky I was!  The beautiful prose and slow-moving plot helped me  forget that I was in an airplane.  Very seductive writing for a summer's  day.  In the end, love gets us all, even the smarty-pants characters in The  Love Letter.  You'll be inspired to let yourself too be captured by love.
B00000IQMT|5.0|As usual, Williams has proven that he is the master of the art of film scoring.  Time and again, he writes music of extreme quality and  great attention to detail.  The themes in TPM are great, and so are his  orchestrations.  Duel of the Fates and Anakin's Theme are really  incredible.  I can't wait for Sony to release a complete set.  It's hard  listening to a lot of the stuff coming from these other film composers,  since they really can't compete with a musician like JW.  Long live John  Williams!
B000002WYT|5.0|This is the best Dave Matthews Band album so far! It has a great mix of sounds within the best 12 songs I have ever heard in my life!
B000003FMY|5.0|The Reiner/CSO recordings are some of the greatest of all time, and this one follows suit.  He was a tyrant, but there's no doubt he got every last ounce of playing out of the Chicago Symphony.  The rhythmic accuracy and sense of control is uncanny throughout, with impeccable playing from the  brass section.
6302038308|1.0|This movie was one and a half hours of torture.  The first movie was bad, but at least it was humorous.  This poor attempt at a sequel was nothing short of a dud.  The jokes were too strained, and it was clear that there  was an attempt at humor.  The first Evil Dead was superior in its comic  side because the humor was (or at least seemed) unintentional.  This  film... I cannot speak another word.  I recommend you skip this one and  skip to the much worthier sequel, Army of Darkness.
0553108034|5.0|This series is great! You never know whats going to happen. Good guys fall to their doom. Nothing goes right for them but they are always able to stay up to par! Can't wait for the next book!!!
6305108145|1.0|This movie is a disgrace to all zombie flicks.  It is not at all scary, the zombies look too human,(In some cases this is a good thing, but here, it is not)and it is extremely boring.  For some reason a lot of other  zombie fans loved this, so maybe you will too.  As for me,though,my  favorite zombie movies will always be,Night of the Living Dead(1968),  Return of the living Dead, Zombie, I walked with a Zombie,and Tombs of the  Blind Dead.
B00000IQCA|4.0|Robert Altman's 'Pret a Porter' was slammed by critics on its theatrical release for its apparent sprawling, incoherent and superficial nature. But it's a film about the fashion industry. How could it be anything but  superficial!  Superficial it is, but it is also witty, intelligent, and  ravishingly beautiful. And the integration of music with image is up there  with the best -- wait for the end credits, as the final fashion parade  takes place to Grace Jones's pulsating version of 'La vie en Rose'. <br />My  DVD copy is Region Two, and benefits from anamorphic mastering. But whether  anamorphic or not, this DVD demands to be seen. Altman's work ultimately  and resoundingly answers his critics, who simply cannot understand the  nuances of this great director's work.
B000002I97|5.0|Can't believe I've been listening to Prine for over 20 years.  Seems like only yesterday I first heard his debut album.  Lucky to see him on stage a couple times, and see first-hand his ability to bring an audience to tears  with one song and laughing their heads off the next on an emotional roller  coaster.  First time in Poughkeepsie, NY, in the early 80's, where I  believe 1/2 to 3/4's of the audience never heard of him before, but were  definitely believers by the time he finished.  Many classics on this album,  saying so much with so few words, aptly capturing a lifetime of experience  and emotional with a few minutes of song.  &quot;We lost Davey in the  Korean War/and I still don't know what for/don't matter anymore&quot;  (Hello in There), reveals a unique worldly yet haunting perspective rarely  seen in such a young artist of that time, which still brings tears to my  eyes even as I write this though hearing it hundreds of times over the  years.  This first album is great work that transcends time.  Keep it up,  John!
B00000IMTF|5.0|By far the best hard rock CD. Period
B00000J7J4|5.0|Not being a Santana fan, I bought this cd for my husband for Father's Day.  I loved it.  The first night we listen to it, we made margaritas and grooved to the soulful beat.  I really loved it.  This is a hot cd for a romantic evening with the lady.  I can attest to that! BUY IT!   IT'S  OUTRAGEOUS!
B000005IU2|5.0|If you were to buy only one more rock and roll album again in your life...this would be a helluva pick!This is true dessert island material here.Somehow,in our here today, gone later today fickle music fan  world,this is one album that does not date.Truly linear rock.It was put out  in 1970 and every song on is sounds every bit as fresh as it probably did  back then.This album is not for the weak.This is RAW POWER...or more raw  than RAW POWER....Funhouse IS the Stooges at their very,dirtiest  best.Probably one of the top ten albums of all time and definately the  beginning and end of punk rock. So do yourself the biggest favor ever...you  need this album!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I've been to lots of Sarah concerts and her newest CD captures all of the energy and sound of her shows.  For all the fans who can't make it to the concerts this is the next best thing!
0783229526|1.0|i didn't find anything redeeming about this film. i must have missed the point, but i found it boring and irritating from start to finish.  i'm just glad i got it on divx cause it was a one time thing for me.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This album is simply great. It is Sarah at her best- soft and silky one moment, beltin' bars the next. This is a fabulous LIVE album.    I love her music. She has a beautiful voice, and is an intelligent, talented, and sensitive singer and lyricist.     Her songs well up from a universal source  of feeling and emotion and spirit.    I have  known her since her early days in the early '90s. She was wonderful then, and is even more awesome now.    Thank you Sarah.
1573226521|5.0|I half-heartedly started on the book because of all the hype it was getting.  Amazingly, I couldn't put it down.  I finished it in two days and I can't bring myself to pick up another book yet because Richard and The  Beach is still lingering in my mind's eye.  Sure, its easy to nitpick about  all the realistic details like why there was no sex and where they got  their money but all that aside, its a GOOD read. Anything that succeeds in  taking you to another world for 438 pages (1st edition) is worth reading.   A classic?  I'm not too sure about that.  Leo as Richard?  I don't think  so.
B00000JG41|5.0|California comes across to me as the perfect marriage of the traits that made Mr. Bungle's first two albums so classic.  It's good to know that someone out there in showbusiness still knows what creativity is.   Unfortunately for Mr. Bungle, they have to put up with Warner Bros'  shenanigans, but they certainly haven't let that cramp their compositional  triumphs.  This album has instantly become one of the most influential in  my collection.<br />Just to make everyone drool, I'm going to a Bungle show in  Washington on August 6th.
B000000WA4|5.0|The Balance between the 'Pumpkins rockish tendancies and their sublime, slow, groovers on this album is the greatest musical acheivement ever! The harsh abrasive &quot;Bullet with butterfly wings&quot; and &quot;Tales of a  scorched earth&quot; are my favorites but they only just out do the slow  and succulent &quot;Lilly&quot; and &quot;We only come out at Night&quot;  My advice to any one is BUY THIS ALBUM it will change your life. I give it  five stars but i wish i could give it 6, it is that good.                                                              SPACEBOY1979
B0000027K7|5.0|Leslie and Company at their finest,if you like solid hard hitting rock, you will love Climbing.
B00000DR52|5.0|I felt in the blackhole of feeling while I was watching this film. Then I have tried to find this score. This album is the best score I have ever listen. Both film and score are worth for the state-of-the-art awards.
B00000292K|1.0|The musicianship may be excellent but too many layers, beats, and sounds make this an example of how too many ingredients can destroy! To really see Miles at his best try 'Sketches of Spain' or 'Live Evil'.
B00000F1D3|2.0|Cher can't sing, but the lyrics are good
B000002AH7|5.0|I never would have believed that Concierto belonged anywhere but on the guitar.How wrong I was.!
B0000039LE|5.0|This is one of the all-time greatest thrillers. John Carpenter's low-budget masterpiece (he even did the great music) is to Halloween what watching the Grinch is to Christmas. This isn't just one of the best in its  genre; it's one of the best movies period. Must own!
B000002UA5|5.0|To me UMMAGUMMA is the start of a band finding their maturity. I get chills up and down my spine listening to 'Eugene', not for the scream, but for the poetic, anquished contralto vocalese of Gilmour bookending the  explosive middle; The delicate, sensual interplay of voice, cymbals and  organ opening, and ending,down to a breatholding close; The fact that it is  too difficult for the average dolt 'to get' is unimportant: to the rest of  you-take a trip to a place and time when feelings and art where far more  important that how many units of 'product' you could $ell...
B0000024KQ|5.0|Onyx's All We Got Iz Us is the greatest rap album ever now and forever.  They not only have intelligent and gritty street views but political views as well.  In &quot;2 Wrongs&quot; they talk about fighting for their rights  and for freedom from hell on earth.  This energy pumped hardcore album  should be in everyone's home.  ONYX FOREVER!
B000000OTY|5.0|I love Peter Gabriel and have most of his CD's. The live album has great music on it and I think that In Your Eyes and Steam must have been recorded in the studio as he played them on  this tour. The total sound of the CD is  too dark... There are a lot of base and low tones on this recording...  Anyone like to comment on that? The music is great and the live version of  Don't give Up is great! I did not mis Kate Bush on this live version.
B0000046NB|5.0|Sara really shined in a small group setting and this effort is probably the best available. It is certainly my choice as the one Sara Vaughn cd to take to a desert island.
B000003CKH|5.0|The appeal of this album is not that it is a profound comment on society. Cake are probobly not a band who will have a profound impact on pop culture, etc... But the bottom line is that this, and their newer album,  &quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot;, are full of great, origional music that  is fun to listen to and makes you feel good. This is one of the few upbeat  bands that I think still has any shred of origionality left in it and sill  manages to be interesting. Wheras I would listen to Radiohead or Smashing  Pumpkins when I'm in an intraspective mood, I would listen to Cake either  when I am in a happy mood, or when I simply can't decide what to listen to.
0844660736|5.0|Easy going, a laugh on every page.  A wonderful true story with a fascinating family.  I highly recommend this book to young and old.  I just finished reading his other books and wish he had written more.
1573226521|4.0|True, this book is slightly overrated.  Yes, the parallels to Lord of the Flies, Heart of Darkness, Animal Farm, On the Road, and Treasure Island are somewhat overdone.  However, this may be the best novel to come out of  Generation X thus far.  It is rare to find a true page-turner that does not  fall into the monstrous pile of best-selling trash that crowds the shelves  of your local bookstore.  This is a story about human interaction,  disillusionment, and finally, the nature of mankind.  At the same time it  is a subtle commentary on modern society and how we are influenced by our  surroundings (some may squawk at the use of pop-culture references, but  these references are in the book for a reason).  In the end, what separates  this debut novel from many of the classics is style.  Garland may not yet  be the master of prose that Golding and Conrad were, but give him time.   Definately a recommended read.
0385484518|5.0|In an age when everyone is busy running, doing, getting, etc., it's nice to read a book that puts perspective on what is really important in life.  It's sad that, much too often, we don't appreciate the things that really  matter in life until they're gone.  I read the book in a day -- and plan to  read it over and over again.
B000000WF0|2.0|i bought this because i heard the verve compared to radiohead, spiritualized, and the my bloody valentine &quot;shoegazing&quot; genre, all of which i like a lot -- except for a couple of songs, it's garbage.   it sounds more to me like third eye blind with brit-pop credibility.  i  can't wait to get rid of it.<br />the songs appear to be written around the  vocals, which are generally sappy and never anything special, and the  talented musicians that are supposedly in this band don't do anything  beyond formulaic.  they don't even contribute to the songwriting (done  almost entirely by the singer), which is perhaps why the verve broke up.   <br />maybe i should listen to their earlier albums, they must be good because  how else could this band acquire such a good reputation?
0446310786|5.0|I read this book two years ago when I was in tenth grade. It was a class assignment, and I have to say, it was the best book I've ever had to read for school. It was interesting and very well written. That explains why I  got such a good grade on the book test. Read it! You'll love it! A true  classic!
630382336X|5.0|The movie is a little simple in argument and story. The actors are a little (tto obviously) not very sure of what they're doing. But I tell you whatever this movie has must be magic because as little impressive as it is  IT HIPNOTIZED ME!!!!! I LIKED IT TOOOOOO MUCH!!!!!
B000006OAM|5.0|Superb!!! Brilliant!!! I was mesmerized in my 1st listening, which lasted for approximately three hours as I kept going over and over &quot;King of May&quot; (my absolute favorite), &quot;Kind &amp; Generous&quot;,  &quot;Break your heart&quot; and &quot;Frozen Charlotte&quot;. Merchant  keeps an intelligent and sometimes obscure poise, while still making the  songs available. The melodies and orchestration are sincerely emotional and  her voice is just pure perfection. I agree that songs may feel interlocked  if listened at one sitting (which in any case is a positive quality since  albums need to be treated as a whole) but I must say that, far from  sounding depressing, the album exhales a general note of subtle happiness.  I definitely recommend post-maniacs Merchant to anyone in search for  intelligent and profound song-writing, as opposed to major-diva  mass-orientated blandness. I would also like to thank Merchant for  delighting us all throughout the years.
006017322X|5.0|This book was so good that When I finally got my 13yr.old- anti-book -sister to read it she couldn't put it down.    This moving novel about a brother and sister who learn valuble life lessons by watcing thier wise,  lawyer/ father go against the grain as he defends a negro on a rape charge  to a white women.   They learn to control thier anger aginst most of the  town who opposes thier fathers decision and learn more out of the  whole  trial than they'll ever know.
B000002C1X|5.0|Only Willie Nelson has come close to matching the way that Pink Floyd has masterfully put their songs together into a great story. This is by far my favorite CD, and a must-own for any classic rock fan. Even if you can't sit  through the whole album, it has great individual singles like &quot;Hey  You&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, and of course  the famous &quot;Another Brick in the Wall's&quot; I've been reading other  reviews, and someone below said that this was for stoned high school kids  only. That is entirely not true, as I know many adults who love this movie,  and I'm not a stoner, and my friends aren't either, and we all love this  album. If you haven't gotten it yet, get it now!
6301025083|5.0|The best film I've ever seen! Need I say more
B000002C1Z|5.0|&quot;Pigs with wings&quot; is a conundrum of deductive reasoning, i.e. Things with wings are good to eat and pigs are good to eat, therefore: pigs have wings. Waters then critiques the &quot;dog eat dog&quot; deduction,  followed by the &quot;Lord is my Shepherd&quot; deduction and concludes  that there is no safe place when the pigs we create in our logical  approaches begin to crash to the earth as reason fails.  However, for the  boy, who is discovering his &quot;dog&quot; logic failing, being in the  arms of his girl, from the &quot;sheep&quot; persuasion, is at least a  comfort, as all the world's beliefs crumble under scrutiny and reality's  harsh judgment.
B000002KYK|5.0|The first impression you might get from listening to this Orchestra version of Vangelis' score is that no matter how short or how long the music lasts, the original sound will always stay the same.   &quot;Farewell&quot; is especially touchy, since it evokes the moment in  the movie in which Batty tells Deckard about his &quot;time to die&quot;  and all that sentimental stuff. It almost made me feel as if I was right in  the middle of the rain with them! I highly recommend this CD to anyone!
B00000634L|5.0|I came across the song &quot;Drinking in L.A.&quot; on the soundtrack for &quot;Playing by Heart,&quot; and I just loved it, so I went to find other songs by BV3 and ran into &quot;Glee.&quot;  I think it is just a fabulous  album, with great song lyrics and a sound entirely its own.  I love how  this band can not be classified into one category; it's neither rap, rock  nor pop, but basically a collaboration of all types of music.  This album  is simply awesome!
0385493800|4.0|Have never been a Grisham fan until I listened to the audio version of a 'Time to Kill' which convinced me to take another look at this writer. Again I purchased the audio version and throughly enjoyed it from the  grasping, obnoxious kin to the pathetic would be hero. The descriptive  passages of the journey were excellent and extremely informative about an  area of which I was woefully ignorant. Having said all that I was  dreadfully disappointed by the ending, I felt it bottomed out and that he  just wrapped it up in too neat of a package with no loose ends.  Conspicuoisly convenient all the way round which was such a shame for the  end of such an enjoyable book. A good read that could have been better
078062369X|3.0|well it is not my cup of tea but the Teenage boys  here thought it was the &quot;bomb&quot; Snipes is good as a hero fighting for all humanity and Kristfferson is &quot;cool&quot;.....<br />redeye
B00000J6AG|5.0|I am not even done listening to every track yet, yet I know this is the one.  Moby pretty much pulls off the album of the year.  Artists of the likes of Madonna and Beck will be calling this guy for some of his  expertise.  He has broken ground by creating a beautiful unexpected hybrid:  Gospel/Blues and Electronic music.  Forget Fatboy Slim, or Slim Shady or  Will Smith, get with Moby, and get with him now.  &quot;Play&quot; not only  rocks your mind, but touches your soul....All without putting you to sleep,  being illegal, or selling you out.<br />(Headphones recommended)
0385484518|3.0|Of course, we should all give 5 stars, in this case, so as not to speak ill of the dead. It was that type of book. The author did a fine job, and I enjoyed much of the book on a PURELY emotional level. But that is the level  at which Morrie's life seemed to be stuck. Yet he pontificates the lessons  of life and death, HUMBLY for our absorption. I'm sure Morrie was a lovely  person to be around. But his quoted allusion by someone of him being a  &quot;prophet&quot; is a bit much for my tastes. He opted to avoid the real  world because his ideology, apparently, saw honest work as EXPLOITATION. So  he became a loveable &quot;clown&quot; in the ivory tower on Brandeis'  campus. He apparently had a common utopian dream that afflicts many campus  residents, but he never had to reconcile his own life with many of the  rigors of the &quot;real&quot; world. His life is brought down to the  basics of traditional emotions, in a life dominated by emotionalism. He  seemed very determined to &quot;win over&quot; everyone to loving him. He  struck me in the portrayal as entirely too needy, emotionally. The great  lessons seemed disappointing and trite, not profound. It left me wondering  like in the song, &quot;Is that all there is?&quot; Technically, and  classically, Morrie was no philosopher, but the sociologist he maybe always  was. I'm sure he would be a fine companion, ever trying to please and win  one over to his way of feeling. But profundity of thought about death, I  did not see in this thesis! IT would earn only a C, and not the easy A's  that Morrie gave out of compassion and social engineering. That's what  makes horse racing and the economy worth it's salt.
B000002579|5.0|Kansas was one of those bands that were just too good to last. This was by no doubt there best work with the great line up they had for a short time. Being a huge Kansas fan myself, I wish these guys could have kept it  together for longer than what they did. I must say that if you're a true  fan of this music, you should definitely give the band &quot;Enchant&quot;  a listen. I'd recommend starting with their &quot;Wounded&quot; CD.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have to say That I expect a great live album, and I didn't thought that MIRRORBALL could be amazing. Great tracks like &quot; POSSESION &quot;, &quot; FEAR &quot; and &quot; DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO &quot; have a diferent  meaning to me. It's great to listen to all song with a diferent sound and a  melodie that only SARAH MCLACHLAN can give. It's one of my favorites  albums, and so far this year is my favorite. Tune in this live album, and  see by your self if I'm wrong.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|This is good CD overall and &quot;If you had my love&quot;, &quot;too late&quot;, and &quot;let's get loud&quot; are wonderful.
630529142X|4.0|Personally, I loved this movie!  Adam Sandler, Henry Wrinkler, and Kathy Bates were all fantastic!  However, I do have a problem with other reviewers who insulted this film.  It is not the film that I have a problem  with you insulting, it is the people who watched the film and enjoyed it!   I have read at least eight reviews with &quot;critics&quot; derogating the  intelligence of an audience of people they do not even know because we  enjoyed a movie they did not!  Hint: Have you all ever heard of  &quot;variety&quot; and &quot;diversity&quot;?  If you didn't like the  movie, fine.  You have that right,  I and many others, however; loved it!   <br />I am not stupid or a &quot;nitwit&quot; as one viewer put it. I am  simply an indiviual with an individual mind and opinion.  I laughed because  I thought it was funny...that does not make me stupid.<br />I (and I am sure  many other viewers)don't analyze every single aspect of a movie and rule it  the worst movie of all time simply because it didn't fit my criteria of  what I am &quot;suppose&quot; to feel and what I am &quot;suppose&quot; to  be thinking.<br />It was a good solid comedy that showed a different side of  Henry Wrinkler and Kathy Bates that I was very impressed with.  Also, I  don't think this comedy was &quot;empty&quot; or &quot;mindless&quot;.  It  offered some insights on life's philosophy's, but it just didn't do it in  the traditional &quot;movie&quot; way.<br />Hats off to the entire cast of  Waterboy especially the writers of it!<br />dllewis
B0000025QC|5.0|This and a later CD entitled 'White Winds' are Vollenweider's best works! They take you on a magic journey to distant places that you never want to return from . . . so you play the CD's again and again . . . I challenge  anyone with an open mind to experience one or both of these.
B000001ESN|5.0|This is without a doubt the best Rush Album ever. This is my favorite album of all time. My favorite songs are Freewill,Spirit of Radio,Natural Science and Jacobs Ladder. Neil Peart out dose his best once more.
630512065X|5.0|Never have I enjoyed a musical video so much.From the unque opening number to even the closing credits, I am captivated.Never have i seen such a talented group of performers.Just by watching this show you feel as if they  are really cats and that you've know them for years.I could never grow  tired of this show (except maybe the annoying BATTLE OF THE PEKES AND THE  POLLICLES - but hey, the rest makes up for it).Thanks Andrew Lloyd Weber  and TS Elliot.You've done yourselves credit.I loved it and so will you!
6305265488|5.0|Drew Barrymore is beautiful, and Dougray Scott is hadsome and charming...what a nice couple they make:)
B000002BHE|4.0|While I love Celine Dion as a singer, she is known well for her incredible songs such as &quot;My Heart Will Go On.&quot;  There is probably no question that Jim Steinman is the greatest rock musician of all time.   &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot; could possibly be one of the  greatest songs ever written, and Celine sings it beautifully.  The rest of  the songs are great, especially Diane Warren's &quot;Because You Loved  Me&quot; and Carmen/Rachmaninov's &quot;All By Myself.&quot;  This is a  great album, but not Dion's best.  That would have to be &quot;The Colour  of My Love&quot; or &quot;Unison.&quot;
B00000J7S8|3.0|Mediocre, at best. Reviewers need to see beyond the pretty face and blonde hair and really listen to this CD for its content. We've heard it before and better at that!
B000007NYS|5.0|these perfectly realised, beautiful songs sound like they've been sitting around for years just waiting for someone to sing them.  there's an honesty and purity at work here that you don't come across every day.  this is  easily one of the greatest albums of all-time.
B0000025RI|2.0|This album defined a decade, but I find that 17 years later I don't really care if I hear it anymore or not. There are many 80s artists whose work is more enduring. It entertained me in the early 80s, but it's past its prime.
6303109950|5.0|What a role. The character of Doc Holiday was so charming, a true southern gentleman. This movie made me a Val Kilmer fan in a big kind of way. Women absolutely must see this film. I haven't met any female who has seen this  movie who hasn't been thoroughly impressed with Kilmer, he is a living  doll.
068815333X|4.0|I just finished Prayers for Rain and recommend it highly.  I have read all of the series and think Lehane is one of the best mystery writers available today.  One word of caution (or interest depending on how you view it):  In  this book, I find the similarities between Patrick, Angie and Bubba, and  Spencer, Susan and Hawk of the Robert Parker series even more  striking--because of the relationship between Patrick and Angie and the  role played by Bubba in this book.  I've read every Spencer book (and  enjoyed most) and I think that Parker's efforts show how difficult it is to  keep a series vital and interesting.  I find that Kenzie is very much a 90s  version of Spencer, and I don't mean that as a criticism of Lehane, but I  am concerned that it will be very difficult to maintain the originality of  the characters and interest in the series.
B00000I9MK|4.0|although it doesn't quite reach the dizzy heights of &quot;if you're feeling sinister&quot; or &quot;the boy with the arab strap&quot;, this is an impressive debut that's full of wonderful promise.  in fact, the only  real flaw with this record is the lame, inferior version of &quot;the state  i am in&quot; that was inexplicably used instead of the brilliant one that  was recorded for the &quot;dog on wheels&quot; EP.  but this is a minor  complaint -- buy this record, dig this band, and live happily ever  after....
B00000DGRX|5.0|It's as simple as this. Play the Glover-remixed cd for the younger ones - the ones who believe that gen-x, grunge, whatever, can do no wrong. The remix sounds like it was recorded yesterday. I've played it for some of the  baggy-pants, crotch at your knees boys who didn't know who Purple was. As  an old fart, its always a gas coming out on top. &quot;Here, go home and  bring me back a band you have that can equal this - no, rather, go home and  TRY.&quot;  In 1972 I watched in awe as Purple opened for Rod Stewart and  the Faces, playing much of what is on Machine Head. Fortunately for Rod, he  had a hell of backing band and didn't know what disco was, so I called the  evening a tie. Without flashpots or spitting blood, best concert I ever  saw. The remixed Machine Head is a testament to a time when Ritchie  actually got along with Ian. Boy did they click. In the mood to bother your  neighbors? The remixed Machine Head will do the trick. Paicey's cymbals can  still shatter glass. Ask my wife. Oops.
0684867621|5.0|I found it so real, every step that she took, from getting even with her brother to the last step.  I have taken only about 2000 of those steps but can imagine with Mr. King the rest of the steps.  Thank you.
0375707972|1.0|What a BIG disappointment. Boring, redundant, kept waiting for the plot to thicken...I forced myself to finish it, and was relieved when I turned the last page. No clue as to what all the hype was about...snooze city!
6304546386|5.0|Simply, one of the greatest films ever made!  Errol Flynn isthe consummate Robin Hood, charming, dashing, witty, athletic, andspeaks with an English accent!  The colors on the laserdisc version are vibrant and striking, I'm so glad they didn't film it in B&amp;W. Anyway, my children and I never get tired of watching this wonderful classic.
B000001FUZ|5.0|Listening to old Traffic albums is a fun trip down memory lane--the big hits of the Dave Mason era have become period pieces of '60s pop that sound great, but dated.  This album, however, is the one that stands the test of  time (29 years, anway). It's a true album, as well. Each song leads to the  next, in an interesting progression, from the jazzy leanings of songs like  &quot;Glad&quot; and &quot;Stranger To Himself&quot;, to the title tune, a  whimsical turn to England's musical tradition. These are the sounds of a  band which has come of age.
B00000099Y|2.0|this album is pretty boring. paul, the old bass player, is gone, so the heaviness and intensity of opiate and undertow are sadly lacking, replaced by a more commercial, acceptable sound.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Even Vanilla Ice is getting into Rap/Metal.This band should be Limp TerryDate. I was hoping Terry would not waste his time with this crap band. Look at Rage is you want rap/metal. The music is ok but the lyrics and  voice suck wind
B000000993|5.0|definately tool's best album. an album of this excellence is rare
6305426651|5.0|This movie wasn't created for the sole purpose of representing the holocaust like Schindler's List, it was created to put a smile on your face and to show that even if humanity chooses to destroy, love will find a way. This movie is, plain and simple, a representation of good story telling.
6304613199|2.0|Recently I read the book. Having watched the movie 3 times I quickly fell in love with the book. The movie I cannot rate that well because it is nothing like the book. The characters are different, the animals are  different, and they even added a part which wasn't in the book. Yes, that  is why the ending is so horrible, it was never in the book. No dinasours go  to the main islands, and even if they did, why was it that the main island  was some major city like LA or San Fransisco, I thought they were in Porta  Rico? Watch the movie, enjoy it if you want. But you won't get the full  thrill, excitement, adventure, and emotions as the book will.  In Jurassic  Park John Hammond and Ian Malcolm die. What are they doing alive again.  John Hammond is also a mean old man who swears a lot. Why isn't he like  that in the movie? To make it a kids movie. Even the way it is it still  doesn't classify as a kids movie. Remember: You won't have anything, until  you have the book.
0790738139|3.0|I won't ruin the ending for those of you who've managed to miss seeing the movie so far, but the improbable last scene played out at the curb after the awards ceremony feels at best tacked on. If it had been left off, this  masterful movie would have saved both its integrity and a full five star  rating. Otherwise, three stars for the safe Hollywood ending.
0375707972|1.0|I was completely disappointed with the story, and all aspects with it.  The characters were mediocre at best, and the storyline was soooo boring!  I did not see any point in finishing the book, but did just so I could give  it the benefit of the doubt.  I should have dropped it when I had the  chance, then I would not have felt so depressed at the end. If you want a  good Oprah book read Where the Heart it, by Billie Letts, and you will not  at all be disappointed.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This is a good cd, but not the best.  There about four good songs, Staring at the Sun, Pretty Fly, The kids aren't Alright, and Why Don't you Get a job.  I thought it was good but could have been better.  I would still  reccomened it though.  They are just like Green Day accept a little better.   So all you Green Day fans you'd like this.
0767824571|5.0|this movie is great! i have to contradict the person who said it wasn't funny in another review i read here.  the reason they were pretending to ride horses was not because they were saying arthur didn't have a horse,  but because they thought it was funny.  and it was funny.  i usually like  movies to have historical facts correct too, but come on! this is monty  python stuff we're talking about, it's supposed to be wrong and silly and  stupid, that is what makes it so funny.  this movie is not meant to be  historically correct, it's just supposed to be funny, and it is the  funniest movie i have ever seen, so that is what i have to say to that  other person on the first page of reviews who was complaining about it.   this is a movie that is worthy of praise, but i'm laughing so hard thinking  about this movie that i can't type anymore.
B00000JCB3|5.0|No wonder it's number 1 on the charts, with songs like Nookie, N 2 Gether Now, Nobody Like You, I'm Broke, Break Stuff, and re-arranged how couldn't it be?  Any Bizkit fan should get this cd instead of 3$ Bill Y'all, it's  way better.  The thing is there's no song as good as Faith.  They probably  will never top it, I'd say that Nookie comes pretty close though.
B00000255F|3.0|Great album, terrible CD.  Buy the vinyl if you can find it - it sounds better.
6304994540|5.0|The Big Lebowski has everything: Action, comedy, suspense.  It will make you laugh, make you sad, then make you laugh again.  If your going to see this movie, bring an extra pair of pants, you'll need them.
B000000H4A|5.0|This album was to be the thirth Mercyful Fate album, but (unfortunately) they broke up during 1985. Michael Denner plays at its best, as well as Andy La Roque. The album has a fantastic atmosphere, all seems perfect !  ...including the artwork ! A must for all true Diamond fans !!!!!!
6304613199|5.0|Oh, come on. Yeah it's not as good as the original but WHO CARES! It was great! Especially the special-effects.
1884822312|5.0|Solving the problems in this book is a great way to improve your tactical vision.  I've seen a big improvement in my tactics since i started solving these problems and so should you.
B000004712|2.0|Bought it one day and resold it within a month after trying my darndest to appreciate it. The covers of the Henley and Cobain tunes are the most moving pieces on the album. \\"Norwegian Wood\\" is atrocious  elevator fare. This was a well-conceived but very disappointing and highly  underdeveloped effort. My guess is that he spent no more than a day or two  on the project before he hit the studio. Also, Hancock is simply not the  introspective and engaging pianist on this album (except on New York  Minute) that he is capable of being. The freshness of his \\"Inventions  and Dimensions,\\" over 30 years old, makes this album sound as stale  and bland as it is. I don't think the limitations of the compositions are  as much a problem (although, the pure melodic aspects of rock compositions  could be a problem) as Hancock's lack of will to really stretch out and  develop the material.
B000000WFU|5.0|This CD is simply awesome!!  What attracted me to this CD was of course the Delta commercial and that was all it took.  The whole CD is one that you can listen over and over again.  I take it with me on all my flights  and road trips.  The different 'sounds/words' that Jenkins has come up with  makes the whole CD that much more interesting and a pleasure to listen to.   Give it a listen and you'll be hooked!  Simply awesome!!
0385491026|2.0|After reading both Cat's Eye and The Handmaid's Tale, I decided that Atwood's narrative style is just not for me-she's very poetic and deep, but hers is a style that people either love or hate.  I found this story to be  void of any content I care about.
6302797586|5.0|I saw this movie when it was shown on TV and have wished that it would be shown over and over again. If I could afford to buy it, I would in a heartbeat.  My daughter took a course on Genocide and the Holocaust in  college, and I know she would be glued to the television.  Anthony Hopkins  was exceptional, as usual, and Ben Gazzara did a wonderful job in his hunt  for justice in the name of the Jews who died in the concentration camps.   Please make this movie more affordable so many more people can see it.
0375751513|5.0|This was a compelling and thought-provoking book that was also engrossing for people who just want a good story (like myself:).  The pages were full of thought and depth, and the book was absolutely amazing.  Some might find  it lacking in action, but Wilde makes up for that by making the story  fascinating and subtly chilling.
6301599977|5.0|Regardless of all the wonderful movies available to us, all the sound effects, moving story lines, great performances, I've not found one that affects my husband, son and I like this one. Interesting reading the  comments, what people take from this movie. We simply believe it's the way  life should be lived, the use of time is exquisite. The casting of the  roles was perfect ( yes we absolutely love James Earl Jones regardless of  the role he plays in any movie ). This is undoubtedly Kevin Costner and  Burt Lancaster's best performance. Please watch it with an open heart. We  watch it at least four times a year, can recite the lines and still are  moved every time. Enjoy!!
B000002UB3|5.0|In my opinion, the Beatles are far and away the greatest musical act of all-time. Also, I believe that Abbey Road might be the greatest musical album of all-time as well. The music is unmatched. Paul McCartney, who is  the greatest songwriter of all-time, and John Lennon put together an album  that is so strong, smooth, and smart, that you have to be hard pressed not  to love it. Harrison and Starr also contribute greatly. A must have for  your music collection.
B0000029AL|4.0|Welcome To the begining, Thank the maker its a hellva lot better than The Phantom Menance. So let it be written on the 8th day he partied after creating Aerosmith!!!
B000000W5L|2.0|Exile on Main Street is okay in my opinion. The Rolling Stones are good, but can't compete with The Beatles or The Who. This cd is filled with many typical Stones' songs; meaning that most of the numbers are okay, but not  really that special. The music is somewhat simple, and the Stones are not  good at playing their instruments, so the sound is not smooth. For smooth  music, stick to The Beatles after 1967, The Who after 1969, or Pink Floyd  at anytime.  I can't consider the Rolling Stones to be the greatest band of  all-time simply because of inconsistency. Aside from all of their great  tunes, you have to admit, that they have A LOT of songs that are just flat  out bad. Unlike the Beatles or The Who, the Stones don't have any albums  that are stacked with hits. All of their great songs are scattered  throughout their records, making it difficult to buy Stones music. The  Beatles' every album (with the exception of Yellow Submarine) were stacked  with great songs: The White Album, Revolver, Abbey Road, etc. The Stones  just don't have any cd's that are like that. And the simplicity of their  music is frightening. Unlike The Who, who had many sophisticated &quot;  rock operas,&quot; which were very well performed and translated, the  Stones music really has no point. All in all, I think the Stones are good,  but not at all the best.
0767802519|5.0|`The Professional' is Luc Besson's finest film, greater even than `La femme Nikita'. It is violent, yet subtle and complex as it traces the tortuous yet trusting relationship between Jean Reno's character of the  introverted misanthropic hitman Leon, and the 12-year-old girl he is forced  to adopt and care for, played brilliantly by the beautiful Natalie Portman.  This would be enough by itself, but as a bonus we get Gary Oldman's  performance as the corrupt New York cop: it's a minor miracle of  characterisation. <br />Jean Reno's character Leon embeds itself in the  viewer's psyche - he plays the role with formidable gravitas and with an  underlying pathos. But if the film is dominated by anyone, it is by its  young star Natalie Portman, street-wise beyond her years, at once both  tough and seductive; the ultimate New York Lolita. This film becomes more  impressive with every viewing. <br />Is this Natalie Portman's best movie?  Well, it's the only one I've seen -- email me with suggestions if you can!
B000009ED0|4.0|This CD is excellent!  There only problem was it seems like Kid Rock was trying for the Parental Advisory sticker a little to hard.  I give it a 4 or a 8.5 out of 10.
B00000J2KV|5.0|For years I avoided seeing the Kubrick 'Lolita' because i thought the brilliant Nabokov novel could not be filmed successfully. I was wrong. Kubrick took his own cool and darkly comic view of the novel's theme and  turned it into a compelling movie which must be seen. <br />Of course, Sue  Lyons is not the Lolita of the novel. But who could have been? Perhaps  Natalie Portman, if she'd been around at the time, could have made a  credible stab at this difficult role. But in the end, that doesn't matter.  Lolita exists as a tortured figure in James Mason's Humbertish mind -- she  is a cypher, and we see her through his lustful, craving eyes. We really do  not need to see Lolita at all -- just study James Mason's reactions. His  acting is the high-point of the film. Select Chapter 14 of the DVD to watch  him read his landlady's declaration of love. Watch and listen to him  laughing with evil glee as he reads her confession. It's a macabre  performance to enjoy forever.<br />The recent Adrian Lyne film of Lolita was  fine in its own very different way, and more faithful to the novel. But  Kubrick's account is touched by genius, as befits a film treatment of a  novel written by a genius! This DVD incarnation confirms its place as a  cinema classic.
B00000IP2L|4.0|Zakk's back and he's mad. Do not expect anything like Book of Shadows. Almost like Zeppelin were 25 years ago Zakk is not afraid to expand and explore instead of rehashing past glories. This offering definately treads  new ground and I can only imagine what a live show must be like featuring a  mix of his three albums. It loses a star for being a bit one paced and the  sound being similar throughout, but like Zep albums I think in a years time  I will fully appreciate it's genius. This is not an artist you listen to  once and then put in your collection. Zakk demands your attention. Great  stuff!
0425107469|5.0|This book is incredibly will written, it pulls you and in and you cannot put it down.  The characters are fantastic, and so real.  This is a must read I recommend to all my friends, strangers on planes. Everybody.   Although I have read every single one of Dean Koontz's books,  I have  chosen only to review my favorites.  It wasn't hard to pick my number one  favorite which is this book.  However the number 2 favorite was very  difficult because I think all his books are fantastic. I can honestly say I  haven't read a book of his I don't like.  Read them all! I just wish there  was more to read.
0140434267|5.0|If anyone asks me what my favorite book is, hands down it would be Pride and Prejudice.  I'm not sure what it is about this book, but I'm hooked.  I have read it and reread it countltess times.  My small paperback book shows  how well it's loved, pages crinkeld, some stained.  There's something about  opening the book and reading the lines those lines which are so familiar to  me that gives me a comforting feeling,.  It's the same feeling as coming  home after a long time.  If I was stranded on a desert island this book is  what I'd take with me because it offers a solice like no other.  I'd highly  reccomend this book to anyone.  Getting through it the first time was a bit  tough for me, bu t it was worth it.
B000002JR8|5.0|I've been a Pantera fan since the &quot;Cowboy&quot; days, but I never expected to get blown away like I did to this album. Since I first listened to this record, it became an instant favorate of mine. The music contained  on this CD is very Honest, Brutal, and Hard!!! Thier remake of &quot;Planet  Caravan&quot; shows there musical diversity and talent. Let me give you a  list of the songs that stand out on this CD.......ALL OF THEM!!!!!!!!!!!  This record thrashes from start to finish, only giving you time to  recuperate between songs. One of the best records made. Pantera really  outdid themselves on this one!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000016N|5.0|Unquestionably one of the four or five great American rock albums of the '60s, the Doors first album is a total stunner in this gold CD version.  I have heard this music in almost all formats, from the first Elektra  pressings through open reel to the audiophile Mobile Fidelity LP to the  various CD incarnations.  In the late 70s, I also attended a press preview  of &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; at a 70mm six-track stereo installation in  New York City where Coppola had personally checked the sound just before  the showing. &quot;The End&quot; sounds almost a good here at it did that  night. I haven't been crazy about all Steve Hoffman's audiophile LP and CD  remasterings at DCC, but this one is simply terrific.  The sound has a  presence and depth you don't hear on the aluminum version, and Morrison's  vocals are just lacerating! Highly recommended, and the DCC version of  &quot;L.A. Woman,&quot; the other Doors album that really matters, is damn  near as good!
B00000JCB2|5.0|I have the previous Limp Bizkit CD, &quot;Three Dollar Bill Ya'll$&quot; and the first thing I noticed when I put this one in is that their sound is totally different, and I like it.  There's a bit more rap on this one,  which is something I really liked, although I'm not a fan of rap.  Many  great songs, Break Stuff, Don't Go Off Wandering, 9 Teen 90 Nine.  I'm not  too fond of Nookie though. Oh yeah, this thing came out on my birthday.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Assuming that these are the same versions from the 4 CD &quot;Pet Sounds Sessions&quot; box, let me just say this. First, the stereo mix, for all but Beach Boy mono fanatics, is pure pleasure. We waited 30-something years  for it, and mostly it's what we dreamed about. The sound is rich, lustrous  and full-bodied, well detailed and spread out across a wide soundstage.  You'll hear  the complexities of Brian Wilson's multitrack, multilayered  arrangements as never before. &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; is one of my two or  three favorite albums, and I've been listening to the stereo version since  before the box came out (it was widely available as a boot). I've embraced  it and really come to love it. The nagging question is, is this what Brian  heard in his head when he created this music and really wanted the public  to hear? If Brian's hearing had allowed it, is this what he would have  mixed?  We'll never know, just as we'll never know how many angels can  dance on the head of a pin. But as time passes, the question troubles me  less and less, particularly since the latest high-tech version of the mono  mix is here as well for those who want that.  A final remark: There are  numerous versions of the mono mix on the CD market. The original Capitol  version, run through something called the Sonic Solutions process, sounded  clean as a whistle, with nicely surpressed tape hiss, but struck me as  almost unnaturally airy and overly bright. On Capitol's latest 24-bit  digital remastering, which was included as a separate CD in the box set, no  special doctoring seems to have been done between the tape and CD. But the  much improved technology reveals the flaws in the now well-worn studio  master tape.  Not surprisingly, the stereo remix (drawn, apparently, from  less-worn multitrack worktapes) sounds a lot better. For my money, the best  mono &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; CD out there is the gold DCC version. I was  less impressed with Steve Hoffman's audiophile LP version of &quot;Pet  Sounds,&quot; which had some darkish overtones, but the CD is well balanced  and full, a trifle riper and with less hiss and more body than the current  Capitol edition. Capitol's is doubtless a truer reflection of the current  state of the master tape than DCC's, but I'm willing to sacrifice a little  gritty authenicity for listenability.
0553208845|5.0|I have read this book four times and will read it again every couple of years. Each time I read it I take something new from the story. It's quite a short book, so take an hour or two aside and read it.
B000002GB6|5.0|Feels So Good had me feeling great. Buy the greatest hits. I almost did the white man shuffle-whatever it is!
0440211727|5.0|I couldn't wait till next day to read the next pages once I started. Every details carefully constructed for the very fulfilling ending. It made me to grab his other novels.
B00000J7JO|5.0|song i  to admire most is scar tissue and about their lives  how they have learned from  misstakes. i wasn't a fan till this album was hear i say to everyone out their buy it
0440224764|5.0|As I read it, I was already thinking of who should act as Patrick, Sandy, Eva, Aricia.. and many others..  Concreat charactor descriptions, behavior analysis, and expression of feelings and emotions.  I couldn't wait to  finish it in one day. Highly recommended. It's his best so far, in my  opinion.  And Grisham's habit to use the same expression such as &quot;they  stood up in the total unison&quot;...&quot;..,you understand.&quot;...And  knocking down the wealthy bastards.  I loved it.  I think John Travolta  should play Patrick.  How do you think? Do you agree?
B00000J7JO|5.0|the song i have to admire the most is &quot;scar tissue&quot; because about their lives and how they have learned from their misstakes. i wasn't much of a fan 'till this album was released i say to everyone out their go  buy it
044022165X|5.0|A little of everything, leagal action as well as a romance with Kelly, dark, unknown world of Prince. Very concreat details of evey charactors. Everything fits together at the end. It brought me a great satisfaction.  Highly recommended.
0784011796|4.0|Darren Aronofsky's bizarre debut film recalls Lynch's &quot;Eraserhead&quot; not only in its startling b/w cinematography but also in its depiction of one man's breakdown due to forces just beyond his  control.  One need not understand the film's complex mathematics or  principals of orthodox Judaism in order to enjoy its noirish thriller plot.   The gritty, exhilarating depiction of Manhattan's Lower East  Side/Chinatown district is the perfect setting for Max Cohen's undoing.  A  fantastic score, terrific performances, and lingering creepiness make  &quot;Pi&quot; the most impressive debut film since Lynch's 1976 head trip  midnight classic.  I would not be surprised if Mr. Aronofsky's film finds a  similar berth.
0790725657|4.0|i like this movie.  it really teaches you a lesson about life.  The little Sara in the moive is cute and i thought she has done a good job.  But i am a bit upset that they have changed the plot...it didn't really follow the  book at all...:(
B000002UZU|5.0|You better feel good when you listen to this or Hook will make ya'.  Done in a down home style of guys sitting in a studion playing music.  Key tracks on this one are the blasphemous &quot;Burnin' Hell&quot; and the  great &quot;Boogie Chillen' No. 2.&quot;  Hook loves Wilson's harmonica and  he doesn't know how Alan follows him and you'll wonder too.  Well worth the  price you pay for it.  Actually, it's a little too cheap for such a great  cd.  If you don't want to spend that much there is a cheaper &quot;best of  hook and heat&quot; which is okay too.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I THINK SHE IS VERY COOL. AND ANY OF YOU GUYS THAT GAVE HER LESS THEN 4 STARS NEED TO OPEN YOUR EYES. SHE IS VERY GOOD AT BOTH SINGING AND ACTING! SO SHUT-UP.
B000005ZFN|3.0|This cd is okay.  If you are a true Tull fan you must have this disc.  If you are a passing fan interested in their flutework and ominous lyrics, skip it and get Thick as a Brick.  Thick as a Brick is much much better.  A  Passion Play tends to drag in points and it is more or less  &quot;Brick&quot; part two.  Tull has made better discs like Aqualung,  Stand Up, and Brick.  Go for those and skip A Passion Play.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Come on fan you know cher has work hard to be where she is now.  And she can stand beside any of you younger ones because see the older ones are what makes you younger ones just good.  Cher keep up love you girl and you  have not lost any touch.  I just love your dress code and music.
B000002J09|5.0|One of the best albums ever made along with &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, &quot;Born to Run&quot;, and &quot;Electric Ladyland.&quot;
B000002U82|5.0|I am not a great Pink Floyd fan, in fact this is the only cd of theirs that I have but it is intense.  Do not be droned out by the music, listen carefully to the lyrics and wait for the interplay between bass, drums, and  guitar.  Time is the best song.  It is so true.  Also, the album is filled  with little lessons in life. (&quot;All you touch and all you see is all  your life will ever be.&quot;) Really fantastic work that ranks right up  there with Zep's &quot;Zoso&quot;, and other great albums.  Definately  worth it.
6302413931|5.0|Watching this movie is difficult.  It makes you think what you would be like in the same situation.  &quot;Never leave the boat!&quot;  Do yourself a favor and get the widescreen version, get a big screen tv, turn the  lights off, the volume up, the easychair back,  watch and experience.  One  for the ages, baby.
6304362498|5.0|Mike Radford did an excellent job of bringing 1984 to the screen. He managed to capture all of the grimy feel of Orwell's novel. John Hurt was an inspired piece of casting and closely matches the description of Winston  Smith which Orwell lays out in the book. At times I found Hurt's  performance uncanny. <br />I must say here that I've read the original novel  and in order to appreciate the film, a reading of Orwell's classic is  highly recommended if you want to really get the message.
0800130936|5.0|My husband and I have watched this movie so many times in the last 4 years that it is ridiculous.  We watched it on HBO and taped it.  We watched that tape until the sound was warbled.  We just recently bought it on VHS, and  listening to it with surround sound speakers ... just awesome. My husband  received a DVD player for his birthday this year and guess what our first  DVD was ... Yep!  Bad Boys (and Blade). Will Smith and Martin Lawrence  together was genius.  If you want action and comedy, come and get it.  My  only question is: when the hell is the sequel coming out?  Wasn't it in the  making last year?
0380973464|5.0|I thought that the use of duel plots only made this book better.  When it swich from one to the other it left you hanging and wanting to keep reading.  Even though there was a small amount of plot manipulation Neal  Stephenson deserves five stars for The Cryptonomicon.
B00000ILDE|3.0|I'm a big fan of the entire Alien series, and Aliens is my favorite of the 4 movies.  The movie itself gets 5 stars.  I am, however, extremely annoyed that I can't watch the movie without the 17 minutes of new footage.  The  new footage is completely unnecessary.  Everything that the footage  &quot;reveals&quot; (Ripley's maternal nature, the relationship with Hicks,  etc.) is stuff that a discerning viewer would have been able to see from  the original version of the film.  All the extra footage does is make me  appreciate the role of the film's editor, who did a pretty good job the  first time around.  Perhaps someday people will realize that just because  you *can* pack a lot of stuff on a DVD, doesn't mean you *should.*   Sometimes it's best to leave well enough alone.
B000002WYT|5.0|THE BAND IS GREAT.  THE PEOPLE WHO DONT LIKE IT SHOULD LISTEN TO IT MORE OFTEN, AND IM SURE THEY WILL CHANGE THIR MINDS.  IT REALLY GROWS ON YOU!
1563890410|5.0|One can't look at this story as &quot;simply&quot; a comic book. It's shapeless magnificence can't be shoved into that dry old category. Truthfully, this is the reason that I stopped collecting comic books.  Instead of going to the comic book store and picking up the latest round of  mundane drivel that Marvel is trying to shove down my throat, I now might  only buy one book a year. I now realize that the volume of comic books one  may own is possibly the least important characteristic of a good  collection.<br />    The story of this book is what sets it apart  from others, and is indescribably detailed and superb. The intricacies  contained within must have been the result of countless hours of Mr. Gaiman  studying mythology. From the detailed description of Odin to the  differences in which the seperate factions of mythalogical figures speak,  no miniscule point goes unnoticed. It's uncanny really. I've tried to find  somthing that was left out, only to be met with futility of course. <br />     The art, although not as flashy as some popular comics of today, does a  remarkable job of getting the details of the story across. At first glance,  I assumed that the art would be a trade in for a great story. The art,  however, works hand in hand with the story to leave an imprint on your mind  the way I've never expirienced before. I especially like the first and last  chapters, as they lead into and out of the story in an incredible way. Mike  Dringenburg puts that extra touch on Morpheus the way only he (and possibly  P. Craig Russel) can do. Kelly Jones and Matt Wagner also do an  undescribable job of taking you from begining to end.
B0000024Z7|5.0|This is the best Santana album in my opinion
6305537798|5.0|Ok, I know you are thinking &quot;just another teen movie&quot;. But wait! This one was great. The storyline was fantasic, it keeps your intrest, and it is funny. Larisa Oleynik shines with her 3rd rock partner, as well as  Julia's break into the big screen.
0385493622|5.0|Before reading this book, I had never heard of Fermat or his Last Theorem.  However, now I have read about the 350 years of history behind his seemingly simple equation that baffled even the best mathmeticians.  I  really enjoyed this book because not only was it interesting, but I learned  a lot about math itself and the people who studied it.  I would highly  recommend this book.
6304913176|5.0|You have to appreciate when a movie like this comes along. It was a real &quot;B&quot; Movie in a way and I found myself enjoying it because it goeas against every rule that makes a &quot;good&quot; movie good. The plot  was thin, the acting was awful, the whole idea was lame, but again that's  why it was so good. The special effects were also quite stunning. Rent this  or buy it, it won't disappoint. Just expect nothing, and you'll appreciate  it more!
B000001DTM|5.0|This is customer review number 70. 68 of the first 69 reviews gave the album 5 stars. What was that other guy thinking? Anyway, to me it represents U2's finest hour, and I count it among the great rock and roll  records ever made. <br />Psst... To all you people who starting hating U2 once  they got popular... you have my sympathy.
0767903811|3.0|This is a collection of short essays on various topics such as going to the barber shop and the number of cupholders in cars. While some are funny, some seem a bit contrived and other seem to be forced. The essays jump  around with no continuity. Not a bad read but not a great one either.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah is one of the few artists who sounds just as spectacular in a live album as she does in her studio recorded albums.
B00000JCOV|4.0|Slipknot's debut album is about as subtle as a kick to the groin. The unabashed aggression is led by too-pissed-off-to-be-healthy singing and thrash guitar, and backed by three (!) percussionists, a DJ and one badass  bass-player. This is mosh-pit music at it's finest - a constant groove  punctuated by surprisingly hooky choruses and sing-along refrains. And  while the over-the-top percussion might clutter the mix every now and  again, the sonic texture that it creates helps to keep the band from being  too Korny or Limp. Slipknot's niche lies in its naked sonic violence and  solid, genre-busting songwriting.
6302206294|5.0|I thought this was an excellent Robin Hood movie. I thought the casting was great.  The best job was done by Alan Rickman.  He was a excellent choice for the Sheriff Of Nottingham.  He brought humor to the role, and  pretty much stole the movie away from kevin Costner.  I definitly recommend  this one to anyone.
B0000020C4|5.0|There is nothing I can add to the praise of those other fans who have also shared their enthusiasm for this recording. It is the best I have heard and a MUST for any lover of excellent musical theatre. The video of this  concert is also excellent !!!! I had the opportunity to attend this concert  and it was something I will never forget. I would, however, like to clear  up the &quot;popping balloon&quot; mystery during &quot;Castle in the  Clouds&quot;. It was not a balloon (there are no balloon sellers at Royal  Albert Hall).  It was a stage light !!!!
6304466498|5.0|One of the funniest movies that I have ever seen! I have seen it a hundred times and still never fail to laugh at it. Mel Brooks is a comic genius. Rent it today, you will not regret it.
6300185249|5.0|This is my favorite comedy of all time, and no matter how many times I see it, it always makes me laugh again.  Anyone who has ever hired a contractor for home improvements and had a band of pirates show up at the door will  appreciate this.  The cost! the delays! the mistakes!  It's great fun, and  the romantic subplot makes it even funnier.  A great addition to any video  collection.
0684847817|5.0|The book is full of life. A different world, that I can open whenever I wish. They are all alive.
0804106304|5.0|i enjoyed this book and the spiritual journey that it took me on....i believe that we are all connected and this book reveals that connection beautifully.
6300214184|4.0|Words can't describe how much I love this film.  This was the film that made me want to become a dancer.  I love the opening dance scene and I've always wanted to re-create it.  Jennifer Beals is a great actress and it's  hard to believe that she was only 18 years old when this film was made.   Michael Nouri is great as well.  This film also has an incredible  soundtrack and the title song is one of my favorites.  The story is one  that any dancer can relate to.  Before I go to an audition I always try to  watch the end scene in this film or listen to the song &quot;What a  Feeling.&quot;  I absolutely adore this film and I hope that many young  dancers will enjoy it too.
6302491940|5.0|The Italian Job is the finest film ever made, without a shadow of a doubt.  Usually, I agree with Leonard Maltin, but sometimes he's way off the scale and he most certainly is in this case.<br />Okay, you might feel that the  characterisation is poor - but they're meant to be stereotypes.  This film  was ironic way before Kevin Williamson and his kind were even born.<br />It's  worth knowing that the UK censors in 1968 would not allow any film to be  released which made it appear that crime pays so the ending was tied to  that one condition.<br />If you only buy one video from amazon ever (and that  would not be good - they have a huge range of fine quality films - might i  personally recommend The Quiet Man, for instance?) make it this one.
6304117752|4.0|I love this film and it's one that is timeless and enjoyable each time I see it.  Julie Andrews is one of my favorite actresses and she shines in this film.  The cinematography in this film is absolutely breathtaking.   The music is also memorable and brilliantly arranged.  The dance sequences  are excellent and the children often steal the show.  The story is  wonderful and although the film is long, it never seems dull and slow.  I  feel it's a must-own for any musical lover.
630407185X|1.0|If one hadn't first read the very good book, this movie would have been incoherent.  Example: the Brits attempting to march (fight) to Arnhem (and we don't even see this major development --the turning point, really --  of  the actual battle) seemingly meet no resistance after the drop.  Yet later  in the film, we see a building with scores of wounded Brits.  How did they  come to this pass?  I guess they just did, one doesn't know why.   Overacting and pretty boy actors like Robert Redford ruined the creation of  the &quot;atmosphere&quot; and &quot;character&quot; of the times.  Battle  scenes were mostly trite, standard Hollywood issue -- completely  unrealistic.  And who was this German &quot;Ludwig&quot;?  My impression  was there was a coherent whole, but the coherence was abandoned on the  cutting room floor.  Apparently one reason being so that  &quot;anecdotes&quot; like the Jame Caan death threat to the surgeon could  be included.  This was an interesting aside in the book, but out of place  in a historical movie which has so little time to depict the bigger  picture.  I could go on and on, for example, the Brit intelligence Major  who was worried about Panzer units near Arnhem,  he so looked like he was  going cry I was waiting for someone to give him a hanky!  What hamhanded  directing!  This movie was a major disappointment.
B000005C1B|5.0|This music invokes a person to ride through the streets with the top down and the sound turned up. You can actually feel the high his &quot;back-up group&quot; felt as they accompany him through a choice cross section of  his all time greats.  I'll listen to this till I'm 90!
B0000025WQ|5.0|cyndi brings life into music.that pretty mutch sums it up
B000002L42|1.0|They are better in the studio
6301773551|5.0|Unless you were between the ages of 7 and 12 in 1977 you'll never understand Star Wars. Don't even try. watch something else. Seriously.<br />I'm no moron (I hope), I appreciate the Godfather &amp;  Citizen Kane, love Bogart, Hitchcock, Scorcese &amp; Pacino. I go the  arthouses and watch Coen Brothers films and gerard Depardieu movies. But  Star Wars is in my very bones. <br />If you hate it - hard luck, you are  missing something wonderful, and you'll never know what it is.
B000002A3T|5.0|I already typed a review for this album (May 9, 1999, small county in new york state) but I feel I have to express more of my emotions for it. I rate this as my favorite Pink Floyd album because it's more musical, beautiful,  soothing, spiritually cleansing, and like I said above, more moving than  any of their other material. Here, Pink Floyd starts a new journey, a more  soothing journey. From listening to most of these songs, it literally  sounds like the remaining members of Pink Floyd broke free from a mental  prison and got to see beautiful blue skies, to breathe fresh clean air, to  see fresh flowing waters, and to see beautiful multi-colored leaves on each  tree on a mid-October day, deservedly, with a twist of sky-blue melancholy.  That's the impression that I get when listening to songs like &quot;cluster  one&quot;, a beautiful, soothing intro. My favorites, though hard to choose  are: &quot;What Do You Want From Me?&quot;, &quot;Poles Apart&quot;, I  found myself humming that to myself before typing this review. &quot; A  Great Day For Freedom&quot;, &quot;Coming Back To Life&quot;, &quot;Lost  For Words&quot;, and the great closing &quot;High Hopes&quot;.  &quot;What  Do You Want From Me?&quot;, is a simple hard rocking progressive song with  beautiful vocal harmonies. &quot;Poles Apart&quot;, like one viewer said,  seems like a message from David Gilmour, to Roger Waters, especially the  first two lines of the song. &quot; A Great Day For Freedom&quot;, is  ironic, because it seems to be the real title of Pink Floyd now. The song  is beautiful, slow, and mellow, and the guitar solo at the end nearly sends  me to tears. &quot;Coming Back To Life&quot;, has a nice beginning guitar  solo, and the rest of the song rocks. &quot;Lost For Words&quot;, sends me  back to the &quot;beautiful blue skies, fresh waters, etc. etc., the song  is absolutely breathtaking, especially that guitar playing at the beginning  and the end, fills me with beautiful images. and&quot;High Hopes&quot;, a  song fit just perfect for the ending. I can't praise this album enough,  it's just so clean and perfect. Much respect for David Gilmour, he's come  such a long way, and the same for Rick and Nick. Much awe goes from me to  the people who pan this album, because these people just don't know good  music when they hear it.<br />a special note<br />the day this album was  released, was the day  &quot;THE WALL CAME DOWN&quot;<br />Thanks,  guys<br />4.12.20, 4/18.
0790738139|5.0|A fat juicy peach of a movie. I've seen it 3 times and it seems to grow with repeat viewings. It really is quite beautifully put together - the way the 3 principals are all working on different cases, which the audience can  see as parts of a whole, but which they don't piece together until its  almost too late is a fine storytelling device.<br />Its superbly shot,  snappily edited and the production design is utter perfection (did they use  a time machine and film it in the 50s?).<br />Bets of all though, are the  performances - Spacey, De Vito and Cromwell are great, as you would expect,  basinger is surprisingly good too, but Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce are  quite awesomely good - revelations in fact. Most critics seem to rate Crowe  as the star, but I edge towards Pearce - Ed Exley is a complex character -  a man using his own integrity as a deliberate tool to get ahead in life,  and for and Australian Soap star to pull off that performance is a joyful  surprise.<br />The last words of Hollywood Jack Vincemmes rate as (possibly)  my favorite moment in the movies (up there with'No-one's perfect' from Some  like it Hot, and 'Dick - You're fired!' from Robocop)<br />See this movie Buy  this movie Love this movie.
0380778556|5.0|I just finished reading this novel for the second time, and though I knew what was going to happen at the end, the magic was not lost. I admit the first two chapters do not grab ones' attention; but the rest of this  wonderful novel is worth the wait. I am also aware that some found the  extensive detail boring and unnecissary, but I felt that it only added to  the suspense and entire flavour. I would recommend this classic to anyone.
6305232660|5.0|This was one of the most watchable and enjoyable shows I've seen lately (including Star Wars I).  This is a story about more than special effects.  It seems to delve into what the characters are thinking and feeling.  I  also noticed that as time went by in the movie that people identified what  was most important to them and worked to make that importance known.<br />If  you are looking for a devastating disaster movie, this isn't the one for  you.  If you are looking for high tech sci fi this movie isn't for you.   But if you are looking for a movie that explores the participants and helps  you feel what they may be feeling, then give this movie a try.<br />I sure  liked it, and I hope to watch it again and again.
B000002MY3|5.0|This album is a classic.  Other than &quot;Ironic,&quot; a song in which (ironically) nothing that she mentions actually is ironic, every song is great.  It deserves all of the kudos that it received.  The best of the  best on the album are &quot;All I Really Want&quot; and &quot;You Oughta  Know,&quot; but just about everything is superb.  Just trust me.
B000002J1H|5.0|This great album has been domestically reissued in the HDCD format (20-bit remastering). The reissue totally blows away the previously remastered version and sounds great on any CD player (even if it doesn't have the  HDCD-filter chip). Look for the black and white sticker that says  &quot;Pacific Microsonics HDCD&quot; on this CD, as well as Tormato. You'll  be amazed at the improved sound quality.
0792151712|4.0|Before writing this review, I read many others.  Some hated the movie just because of the love story, some loved it because of the romance.  Contrary to popular beliefs, though, the saga occurring between Jack and Rose was  not the central story to me.  I loved the realness of the events, the  music, the effects.  I don't think the reason for all 11 Oscars were  because of the acting; Best Acting went to As Good as it Gets, remember?   Some of the acting, I will admit, was weak.  I did not weep at the final  scene in the water between Jack and Rose, but instead when the mother tells  her children a folk tale about heaven, and when the old couple comforts  each other.  I wept at the sight of the frozen bodies in the water,  especially at the dead mother and infant.  I admit that I shed tears at the  final scene, not when Jack and Rose embrace, but at the sight of Andrews,  the dark-haired little girl, and the musicians.  The portrayal of the  history of the early 1900's and the tragedy of the sinking was beautiful,  and that alone made Titanic worth seeing.
B000007ODM|5.0|It is a kind of music that carry you to a legendary place and time. I hardly recommend it!
0783233477|2.0|This movie spends hours leading up to nothing. I kept watching because I thought something was going to happen but it ended on a weak note. Pitt's first caracter was animated, then he was reincarnated with death and was a  boring and lifeless caracter. The movie has two settings, this dudes house  and his work place. Most of the movie consists of the camera watching 1 or  2 characters while they stare at one another or some one else, kind of like  a soap opera.<br />   Well I'll tell you what I would of done if death visited  me, first I would of asked many questions, this guy just was like oh, your  death, ok. Second I would of tried to kill HIM, could I kill death? An  interesting  proposition.<br />    A bettter movie consisting of Pitt  unleashing death is &quot;Kalifornia&quot;. Here he plays a serial killer  with David Ducuvny [interestingly enough a profiler on the best tv show  &quot;the X-files&quot;]trying to figure him and all serial killers out.  Julliet Lewis play's Pitt's caracter's girlfriend. She is phenominal. Pitt  conformes to his caracter so well its awesome. While watching Ducuvny I  can't help but think of him as Fox Mulder, maybe I have seen to many  X-files episodes.He's still good and if you like him you should see the  movie &quot;playing god&quot;, see the x-files movie too. <br />    By the  way, Ebert I hear you, &quot;Normal Life&quot; was one of the best movies  of the year. If you need a critic partner I'm here for you. Your reviews  are always right on.
0767802659|1.0|Even as a kid, reading this story gave me some reservations about a future earth where the only path to full citizenship (i.e. the right to vote) was restricted to those who performed a service to the State. In this case,  military service against totally unsympathetic alien bugs. The film is  loyal to the book, which does not recommend it, Add to that some godawful  acting from clueless unknowns and you have a special effects disaster of a  film. No wonder it took fifty years to make a movie of Heinlein's  &quot;classic&quot;.
6303481272|5.0|Of all the Japanese animation I have seen, Ninja Scroll is the BEST. This anime has everything. It has great plot, action, tragedy, and excellent animation. I would recommend this to a first time japanese animation  viewer. This video is for mature viewers only, so don't watch it unless  your at least sixteen.
6304836619|1.0|This is a great movie - I have it on VHS and I saw it on Broadway.  The DVD version is shovelware!  No bonus material at all.  No subtitles - no alternate languages - no bios - nothing!  It is listed as the widescreen  version, but it is presented in standard format with the picture and  credits running off the side of the screen.  To add insult to injury, you  have to turn the disc over midway though the movie.  Wait for somebody to  bring out a better pressing.
0553266306|2.0|I bought this book based on the reviews of others on this board.  I was very disappointed.  The book was well written but I just did not think that it moved fast enough.  It took me months to finish this book.  After  reading the reviews I was probably expecting too much.
038097617X|5.0|&quot;February the fifteenth is a very special day for me. It is the day I gave birth to my first child&quot;.   Upon reading these first lines in &quot;Watermelon&quot;, I was hooked!!!! The reason being that February the  fifteenth is also the day that I gave birth to my first child!!!<br />I feel  in love with the book and couldn't put it down.  Marian Keyes was able to  portray a pretty sad situation in an extremely humourous and witty manner.   All of Claire's emotions, trials and tibulations are so real and expressed  in such candor that you can't help but identify with her totally. I found  myself laughing outloud at 3  A.M. in the morning, waking my husband, and  having him tell me, &quot;Go to sleep already!!!&quot;. But  &quot;Waremelon&quot; is just such a gift to every women who has ever been  wronged, who has every been made to feel inadequate, who has ever had the  guts to pick up the pieces and become whole once again.<br />Thank you Maian  Keyes. I wish I would have had this book near me 7 years ago when I went  through my divorce from my first husband. He, just like James, was a  professional manipulator.  And I, like Claire, are both survivors and no  longer feel like &quot;watermelons&quot;!!!!!!
B000001DYY|4.0|This recording really moves me in several directions. I'm 29 and remember Tears for Fears back in 83-84. To this day 'Everbody wants to rule the world' still takes me back to those great teen-age REAL MTV days in  America. As I grew up, so did Roland's music. I really believe he is one of  the most fantastic artists of this time. I rate him right up there with  Bono and Robert Smith. Elemental explores the vaccum left over from 'Seeds  of love.' Gone was his childhood friend and partner Curt Smith. This was a  big thing for Roland. Not musically, but emotionally. There is no Tears for  Fears without Roland. 'Fish out of water' tells us what he thought Curt.  'Goodnight song' as melancholy as it is, has that optimistic feel to  it-&quot;take the best of me and let the rest let go... should've stayed  'round to break the ice, thought about it once or twice'... I've always  enjoyed their music. As I grew up, I enjoyed Roland's shear music, writing,  and production genius!!!
0792151712|5.0|A wonderful and romantic look at the luxury ocean liner.I've seen this movie 20 times and each time I enjoy it more and more...Kate Winslet's performance was overlooked for an Oscar and was Leonardo DiCaprio's.A  technically and emotionally superior film.
0312199066|2.0|Gene Cernan is one of America's most experienced and successful astronauts. His three missions were among the most ambitious, successful  and exciting of all time.  He spent more time, along with partner Harrison  Schmitt, than any other man walking on the moon.  It was, therefore, with  great disappointment that I read this book.  What I expect from a book by  an astronaut is to really feel and understand what the unique experiences  they went through were like.  With the notable exception of Mike Collins'  autobiography almost none of the astronauts books really provide this. Only  12 men have ever stood on the moon and yet they have not really conveyed  what this and other aspects of spaceflight were like in their  autobiographies. His dismisses his epic Apollo 17 flight in a few pages and  spends more time talking about the politics of crew selection, giving crude  descriptions of his wife's figure and other trivia.  Also there is a lack  of illustrations showing the alien environment he explored so well.  In a  more positive light, he reveals for the first time the real dangers the  Gemini spacewalks entailed and gives a good description of the problems Ed  White encountered in Gemini 4 and his own nightmarish experience in Gemini  9.
6303965415|4.0|Very Regency - very Austen but oh, does it grow on you.  I am delighted with it each time that I see it - Ann's father's sneers have to be the best that ever made it onto film!  Yes, it is slow. Yes, you have to pay  attention to it.  The charm is in the details of the expressions and tones  of voices.  Still - I had 10 convicted male felons watch it without moving  from their seats until the the very end last Tuesday - and it generated a  very lively discussion on propriety, the British Navy and how women's lives  have changed.  That isn't something too many movies do!
6304196938|3.0|This is one of my favorite movies, so why only 3 stars? Because I remember the theatrical widescreen release and the faded-color pan &amp; scan video is butchery. The terrific set pieces such as the UN murder, the cropduster,  the drunken cliff-driving, Mt. Rushmore, etc. lose much impact in the  chopped aspect ratio. This film deserves the same fine restoration that  Vertigo received.
078322608X|5.0|This movie has many twists and turns and is at times somewhat confusing.  It is remarkable however, that it all comes together and makes perfect sense in the end.  12 Monkeys has an element of sci-fi which is necessary  for the plot, hover the focus of the film is on the action, drama and  suspense that combine in a way that is reminiscent of classics such as  Hitchcock's Vertigo (of which a small clip can be seen in 12 Monkeys)   Highly recommended.
B000005H40|5.0|Excellent! One of the most influential Jazz albums. Library essential
079213690X|5.0|This is an absolutely fantastic film.  The drama and romance is all well and good, but the real draws are the absolutely unbelievable battle scenes. Swords and shields clash, horses and soldiers fall, limbs are lost, blood  splatters and arrows fly.
0440178002|5.0|A well-written book though maybe not historically nor linguistically perfect was an excellent read.  Readers wishing to criticize it should spend more time criticizing history books and non-fiction!  Characters are  well thought out and continuity is kept with them throughout the book.   Definitely a recommend
B00000732C|4.0|It's hard to believe that this is the same Primal Scream from the albums &quot;Vanishing Point&quot; and &quot;Screamadelica&quot;. They sound a lot like early Stone Roses, which came around just about the same time as this.  &quot;Sonic Flower Groove&quot; is excellent, every song is short, pretty,  and gets to the point. The only problem (which is why this is only a 4 star  album) is that this just is not their  masterpiece...&quot;Screamadelica&quot; is. This is by far though, one of  the best albums of pretty psychedelic pop songs I've ever heard. I  particularly like the songs,&quot;Gentle Tuesday&quot;,&quot;May The Sun  Shine Bright For You&quot;,&quot;Imperial&quot;, and &quot;Love You&quot;.  These are my favorites, but buy this album now (because it is really  difficult to find for this price) to discover all of your favorites.
0553328255|5.0|I am a Spanish Speaker. The first time I read a  Sherlock Holmes book,  was in a  spanish version, and I love it.  It was a pleasure for me,  read again in English the hole adventures of the gratest detective in the world  and his inseparable friend. I will never get tired of read it again and  again. You MUST read this book because you will find hours and hours of  pleasure and excitement. It will keep you on your seat.   I recommend it   100% to all the ages. It is the best English book I have ever read.
6303014100|5.0|GETTYSBURG By Mike Ray<br />One of the most difficult problems that movie producers face in making a historical  movie, whether it be in Hollywood or elsewhere, is the concept of  truthfulness and believability.  Many  producers and directors feel no responsibility to treat the subject matter  that they are presenting in a truthful or honest way. Some feel that they  are at liberty, and have a license to slant the movie any way that may suit  their cause. Others lack this dedication to the truth simply because they   don't do their research.<br />So, it is very rare indeed when a production  company chooses an ambitious historical setting that still burns in the  hearts of many Americans, (The Civil War) and sets out, not only to make an  epic movie, but to tell the truth at the same time.<br />The Movie Gettysburg  would not have been possible without the efforts of three men: Michael  Sharer, author of the book, \\"The Killer Angels\\" - the foremost novel about  the three days of Gettysburg , July 1, through July 3, 1863; director  Ronald Maxwell, who after reading Sharer's book said, \\"I must bring this  story to the screen.\\"; and TV giant Ted Turner, who put up the financing to  make this movie. <br />This remarkable team was determined that not only was  the message of both sides (North and South) to be presented openly and  honestly, but they were also willing to spend whatever it took to make the  setting as historically accurate as possible. This was to be a huge  undertaking. Maxwell came up with the idea of using Civil War Reenactors.  (These are people who have studied the war for years, and stage  reenactments of Civil War Battles every spring and summer) They not only  have the authentic uniforms of the day, but all of the accouterments that  go with it - i.e. rifles, powder, flints, tobacco pouches etc. - right down  to the smallest detail.  Another plus for the production company, was that  each reenactor knew the battle of Gettysburg like the back of their hand.  Many of their ancestors fought in this battle. It was a part of their  lives. Each man (about five thousand) were paid $10 a day, fed beans  and  cornbread, and slept outdoors in either tents or bed rolls. They enjoyed   being at the historical location, and all that went with it - like  mosquitoes, and no running water. Many of them thanked God for the  opportunity to be a part of something that would honor their forefathers.  Many of the stars in the movie were touched by the spirit and dedication  that these men brought to this production. It was very special.<br />The  producers receive very high marks for making sure that the philosophical  under pinning of each side was presented fairly and accurately. The South  felt that the Constitutional convention of 1789 gave them the right of  self-government. They felt the states were joined together \\"only\\" for the  sake of a unified military to fight off foreign aggressors, and for a  common currency. They believed they could leave the union at any time, and  for any reason. Since Washington DC was meddling in the affairs of the  Sovereign States, the South, led by South Carolina, felt that for the sake  of their sovereignty they should split from the Union. The North was  fighting to preserve the Union. It was Lincoln's strong conviction that  once a member, always a member. A \\"divided nation\\" could never stand he  said. Officially, slavery did not become an issue until January 1, 1863  with Lincoln's emancipation proclamation. This subject is dealt with fairly  and honestly, with both sides presenting their own unique  perspective.<br />The story revolves around 3 major characters, General Robert  E. Lee of the South (played by Martin Sheen), General James Longstreet of  the South (played by Tom Berenger), and Colonel Joshua Lawrence Chamberlin  of the North (played by Jeff Daniels From Coldwater, Michigan) and  supporting roles from dozens of others. This movie does an outstanding job  of introducing oneimportant character after another, without losing any  momentum.<br />As the movie begins, General Lee, the beloved leader of the  ragtag South has piled up one impressive upset after another. His  incredible victories at Fredricksburg, and Chancellorsville has made him a  legend. His men are outnumbered, under clothed, and underfed, but seem to  find a way to lay up one important victory after another. Lee, despite his  success, has grown tired of the bloodshed and the carnage and wants the War  to end. He believes that a victory at Gettysburg will give him a clear road  to Washington DC. In fact, a declaration letter of  victory written  by  Jefferson Davis has been prepared for Lee to give to Lincoln, when and if  they can make it past the army of the Potomac. Lee's determination to end  the war quickly, and his false sense that his men are invincible, will lead  him to a tragic mistake.<br />General Longstreet is Lee's aid who is loyal,  and smart. It is he who has developed a brilliant defensive campaign, and  tries desperately to convince Lee that an offensive attack against the  better equipped North will fail.<br />Colonel Chamberlin,  a Philosophy  teacher from Bowden College in Maine, is a reluctant and unpretentious hero  who leads an incredible, seldom used, bayonet attack against General Oats  and his Alabama brigade. That move of desperation keeps the South from  taking the high ground, and makes a southern victory in this small  Pennsylvania town impossible.<br />This is more than a movie about a war, or  about a cause. It's also about people. Maxwell puts heart and soul to the  characters. He has made them real. You find yourself caring about them  (both sides). You sense that in the middle of every battle many of the  soldiers come to the realization that in a few short minutes, they will be  standing before their maker. The emotion, at times, is  overwhelming.<br />Gettysburg is an unforgettable movie. Randy Eldelmans  dramatic musical rendition isone of the best film scores of the last 35  years. His music and director Ronald Maxwell's film are a wonderful  marriage. This movie does our ancestors justice.  It honors their beliefs,  their courage, their sacrifice and their memory. It is the greatest motion  picture I have ever seen.
6304490119|4.0|First off, I love this movie.  But I do hate the way this Disc is formatted.  Two sided!?!?!?  Every other DVD I have is Single sided (some Dual Layered) why couldn't they do a single sided disc with this movie too?   But that's not all!  There is one scene that is TOTALLY DIFFERENT than in  the LaserDisc version and from what I remember in the Movie Theater.  It's  the scene where Jackson and the other head honchos are looking at the video  from the malp probe, and Jackson says he can decipher the markings on the  other gate.  O'Neil's line is totally different!  Instead of saying  &quot;Your Call&quot; and walking away like he does on the LaserDisc and  Theatrical relase (which makes a lot more sense), he says &quot;He's full  of sh*t.&quot; and walks away!  Which makes no sense at all!  Especially if  West ingores that remark and tells Jackson &quot;You're on the team.&quot;   I've checked both discs, DVD and LD, totally different lines.  Now which  one was it supposed to be?  I'd really like to know...  But I'll keep my  DVD and LD versions until a NEW and IMPROVED Stargate DVD comes out,  hopfully addressing these issues.
B000000132|4.0|Something funny happened on the way to this third album (fifth, if you count the original line-up's two records). The ersatz, chirpy optimism of the first two albums has been replaced by a darker and less circumspect vision. When Haslam sings \\"Know you're dying all the time\\" in \\"Running Hard\\" there is no allegory--it's a piece of advice, and the intimations of mortality hit home despite the soaring melody. (By the way, the stately, majestic raga-coda to that song is arguably the band's finest recorded moment. Absolutely beautiful.) Likewise, \\"Black Flame\\" and \\"Cold Is Being\\" (what would Albinoni think?) manifest a side of the band the first two albums barely hinted at, a side which renders \\"I Think Of You\\" irrelevent and gives the lie to \\"Things I Don't Understand.\\" Sound like they understand better than ever, actually, and have left Wordsworth behind, at least for a while.
0002318350|5.0|This book is the mistery novel of the century. Not for it's elements like evidence, clues etc, but for the originality that lady Agatha wrote. Caracters, scene and story aren't as in classic mistery, and that's what  makes it better.
0385006896|5.0|I am a Spanish Speaker. The first time I read a  Sherlock Holmes book,  was in a  spanish version, and I love it.  It was a pleasure for me,  read again in English the hole adventures of the gratest detective in the world  and his inseparable friend. I will never get tired of read it again and  again. You MUST read this book because you will find hours and hours of  pleasure and excitement. It will keep you on your seat.   I recommend it   100% to all the ages. It is the best English book I have ever read.
6300181278|5.0|This is the best Dracula movie ever.  The mood, look, and feel of this movie is incredible.  This is Bela Lugosi's greatest work.  In it he delivers an Oscar worthy performance.
6303618065|5.0|Es una excelente historia, me identifico plenamente como padre que soy. No me canso de verla con mis hijos. Creo que no existe otro video infantil tan original como &quot;El rey Leon&quot;
0060977493|5.0|Roy does amazing things with language.  This is a haunting story told in a way you probably haven't encountered before.  Beautiful, beautiful words, which are all the more remarkable for their sharp contrast to Roy's tough  subject matter.
0679720200|5.0|Along with The Great Gatsby, The Stranger is the finest novel I have ever read.  It staggered me when I first read it in high school, and I continue to return to it again and again.  The prose is startling in its purity and  sharpness, the characters are memorable in their seeming bare bones  simplicity, and the message is one to live by, even though carrying it out  requires a lot of courage.  Camus was a truly great man, and this short yet  metaphysically stimulating and emotionally draining book is his  masterpiece.
0451191153|5.0|I always wonder at the anger that this book elicits from some critics, the hatred of and fear of the ideas Ayn Rand expresses. I wonder what, specifically, these readers find so offensive. The idea that individual  thought and achievement must be respected? The idea that people are  intelligent enough to run their own lives and do so best with the least  interference from government or other &quot;well-meaning&quot; groups? That  people have a just claim on the rewards of their own hard work? That people  have the right to think and live for themselves, rather than according to  the will of others? Are these ideas so frightening? Aren't they the very  ideas upon which this wonderful experiement, The United States, was  founded? Or perhaps what galls critics is Ayn Rand's observation that great  advancements invariably begin with the vision of a determined individual,  whereas mediocrity invariably seeks (and finds) the comfort of numbers, and  then congratulates itself for having achieved &quot;consensus.&quot;  <br />Critics seem particularly fond of explaining that they loved The  Fountainhead at seventeen, but now from the advanced wisdom of their adult  years, realize that Rand was all wrong, that &quot;real life doesn't work  that way.&quot; Perhaps Rand's idealism is, in fact, unsuited to the real  world of grown up people. Or perhaps dismissing Rand's idealism is merely  an attempt to dignify one's own compromises and capitulations. Either way,  Ayn Rand and The Fountainhead deserve to be celebrated and admired for  appealing to that part of ourselves that continues to believe in the  possibilities of the unfettered mind, that part that is forever seventeen.
B000009CEM|5.0|The first song I heard from this CD was at the UK Ozzfest in '98 and from that point on I knew that I had to have this CD.<br />For a start the whole CD tells a story akin to that of the Terminator movies - second the range of  music that appears on the CD is fantastic.<br />One moment there is hard,  heavy, crushing Metal and then next you can hear Burton's voice changing  from a powerful roar to a melodramatic sound - not may singers manage to  achieve this well but Burton is the exception.<br />Obsolete has got to be the  best album that I have purchased in 1998 and I recommend that you should  buy it if you like Heavy Metal in any shape or form.
B00000IGGA|5.0|I mean spinning.  I'm spinning. I'll rewrite this revew when I'm sober.   This album is his most accessable since his pre-Island years.  Music will intoxate me allways, he reflects me.  He seems like elliot to song, cryptic  and thick with meaning.  But right now it all makes sense. All of it.   Thanks Tom
B000002BNB|5.0|if you aint got this you slippin. this has got to be the best wu solo to hit ghost and rea are the handle to the wu tang sword. ghost makes you understand from his point of veiw check windflower and all i got is you.  the joint on this cd is 260 check the horns baby some of the best samples  of movies yet rea was the killer and ghost is willie dynamite come now  other groups wish they were this stylish  dont front  get this cd
0790700506|3.0|I saw this film when it first came out in '84, and at the time it was a well done, if slightly cheezy, horror flic. Having just re-visited the film in '99, I think it stands more now as a benchmark on how far film  production standards and special effects have come in the intervening 15  years. I couldn't help but noticing how primitive the puppetry and visuals  were in the this movie, especially in the 'climatic' ending in the  department store. The scenes with the gremlins had lost their ability to  scare, and with that the ability to lose oneself in the story. Instead, I  found myself analyzing the puppetry or how the scene was shot. Indeed, I  almost expected that at any minute there would be a voice over with the  narrator intoning how this puppet, or that dolley, was used to achieve the  shot. The moment a film loses the ability to suspend disbelief, it moves to  the realm of archives and filmography.<br />Overall, an OK film that might  serve as an archival piece in the history of special effects in horror  films, but in an era of advanced CGI, it appears as a dated and almost  amateurish effort to scare.<br />3 out of 5 stars.
068484267X|2.0|A Pulitzer???!  Was the prize committee out getting pie-eyed with Frank's father when they came up with this one?<br />This book was readable, but it sure took a lot of effort.  I tried but couldn't empathize with the  characters, and I certainly wouldn't say the writing was inspiring.   However, I must admit that I did smile once.<br />Maybe it's better the second  time around after a few Guinness'.
068484267X|5.0|I put off reading this book, as usually when a book gets this much hype, I don't like it.  Well, was I ever wrong!!!  This is definately one of the best books ever written.  The story of Frank's childhood drew me in and  made it almost impossible to put down this book.  So readable yet so  poetic, a wonderful story of one child yet a story that tells something  about all our childhoods.  I wish I had never finished this book, so I  could read it again for the first time.
0871137380|5.0|I was privileged to serve with many of the soldiers portrayed in this book. The privates are now sergeants and were, one might say, my mentors. This book fleshes out the portrait of battle so laconically described by  those who were there. From one who heard it from the horse's mouth, this  book is the real thing.
0380973464|5.0|This book was a great pleasure, especially for a beach vacation, when I could read 6 hours a day and not feel guilty or sleep deprived. It was often very hard to put down.  I found myself admiring the characters of the  WWII era more than their modern counterparts for some reason.  They were  more ernest and less cynical, what they were doing REALLY counted for them.   <br />The Marine Bobby Shaftoe was most memorable. <br /> The humor, very  similar to Thomas Pynchon's, was outrageous, and left me laughing out loud  in two or three dozen different places.  Stylistically, the book owes a  genuine debt to Gravity's Rainbow.<br /> There was nothing fictive about the  abundant science, philosophy, or the mathematics.  Clearly Stephenson did a  great deal of in-depth research on the historicity and the Asian locals,  both of which I appreciated.   <br />It will not win a Nobel prize; but This  is a fine piece of excellent writing and wit that offers a certain reader  many hours of leisure time enjoyment and contemplation.
B00000J2L8|5.0|You'll need every drop of them to keep from splitting your sides as you watch Slim Pickens engage in some rather unconventional bronco busting.
6305161976|5.0|A true chestnut that should be in everyone's library
6305078564|5.0|I find it hard to believe Pride and Prejudice was written nearly 200 years ago--the feelings and emotions are so contemporary.<br />This film features a Constable-correct English countryside--great estates, verdant greenery and  grand skies.
B00000JCB2|5.0|A must buy for anyone into any type of metal or guitar orientated music.  Definately one of the best albums of 1999!
0792837614|5.0|West Side Story remains as the one of the greatest musicals of all time. This movie was nicely choreographed as well as directed. West Side Story is definitely Robert Wise's best film, which ranked #41 in AFI's 100 greatest  movies. This is certainly a musical at it's finest. One hitch however is  that the movie drags with it's dialogues, making the scenes boring to  watch. Another glitch in the film is the acting. It seems that the entire  movie was filmed in a theatre, making it appear it was a play, with  characters that have to know their lines. But I guess that what makes West  Side Story such a unique film. Up to now, it's still a great movie with  it's legendary songs that ranks up there with other great musicals like The  Sound of Music and Singin' in the Rain.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This is probably one of the greatest albums of our time.  Love's raw vocals hold up some of the finest recorded guitar and percwork ever heard.  The listener will enjoy it so much they won't realize that its really a  musical breakthrough.  Hole has carved not a niche, but has dropped a bomb  on the late nineties alt-pop-rock scene. Be aware that this is best  described as a POP album and is not the punk that Hole once successfully  toyed with.  This is what they were meant to play - pure and inspired  groundbreaking music...<br />Evandeluxe@aol.com
B00000J8EK|3.0|this album  is good but tailored toa very specific audience.  i bought it before hearing any of it (at the suggestion of people who like dig your own hole and other chem stuff), but this latest one is for those people who  really like to sit and listen and analyze the music and find lots of  meaning to it, not just rock to it.
0780625129|5.0|Wow!  What a powerful message! I was completely blown away by this movie. Do not pass this one up.
078401213X|5.0|As an art student at the Cooper Union in Manhatten I'm usually open to anything.  I was anticipating this movie's release and I wasn't disappointed.  I've changed my major to film as a result of seeing Pi.
6305451591|5.0|Two love stories - of husband and wife and of father and son - provided the basis from which Roberto Benigni weaves a beautiful tapestry of life's most cherished experiences.  Even amid the horror of the concentration  camp, Benigni provides a perspective that not only helps his character's  son survive, butit keeps us, the audience, uplifted and hopeful that  everything will turn out okay.  Ironically, despite a bittersweet ending,  it does.  Probably THE best movie I have ever seen.
0394800184|5.0|I was given this book when I was a child (I am now 34) and I read this book to my children.They love this book and join in with the reading.This book is great for early readers.
6300216500|5.0|This movie has to be seen again and again to be fully appreciated.  But if you think of Raymond Chandler novels, the classic film &quot;Double Indemnity,&quot; Greek tragedy, and a haunting musical score, you are  conjuring up some of the elements of &quot;Chinatown.&quot;<br />Jack  Nicholson is superb as private detective Jake Gittes.  While Nicholson is  so great an actor that, like Bogart, he seems to be playing himself in  every role, this part was made for him.  From his first line, about  venetian blinds, to the end of the film, Nicholson conveys the portrait of  a man caught up in a larger, incomprehensible web of amorality andmystery  that is the essence of film noir.<br />Faye Dunaway is excellent in her role  as Evelyn Mulwray, of whom to give a description would be to spoil part of  the plot.  Her gestures and lines are acting at its finest.<br />John Huston  is a towering figure of evil in this film; and the dialogue between him and  Nicholson, filmed at the time when Jack was beginning his long relationship  with Huston's daughter (and fine actress in her own right) Angelica, is a  masterpiece and fraught with double entendre.<br />I could go on and on.  But  suffice it to say that this is a movie worth purchasing and watching again  and again.  It will not cheer you up; but it may make you wiser.
B00000J7SS|5.0|Not for the light hearted or easy listener. This music demands your full attention - and it must be listened to several times before you can fully grasp and appreciate it.<br />If you like this, try out the band  &quot;iceburn&quot; (especially their last few albums) - they are heavily  influenced by Miles, and are extremely creative in their own way.
0385484518|4.0|I love the title of this book. Tuesday is such a &quot;blah&quot; day of the week but Mr.Albom makes it very special with his insightful talks with Morrie Schwartz. This professor/student relationship is so touching that it  makes one wish everyone had such a teacher in life. I had heard many good  things about this book but had to read it for myself. I wasn't even aware  that Ted Koppel had interviewed Morrie three times! Morrie's points about  life were poignant and all too true. I wish more people had this insight  and not just near the end of one's life.
B000005J56|5.0|It is an exceptional pice that shows that music is an over seas force, a world wide culture  and that there are no stops sings in the rainbow of possibilitys. Keeping that ancestral sound from Cuba and giving it a new  breath it creates a devenur of fellings an sensations Ry Cooder preforms  beatufully and his cute, precise slides gives the whole record that new  breath, off curse there are no words to discribe the magnificense of the  typical cuban singers and artists they are just... no words for  them...  Soulfull work
6304765789|5.0|One of the best videos I've ever see
B00000JCB2|5.0|This Cd has many good tracks like Nookie and Break Stuff and it is inhanced!
B000000QFV|5.0|The Tony Martin albums are different than the Dio and Ozzy ones. Not every Sabbath fan cares for every era of the band. Tyr in particular sounds nothing like Sabbath with Ozzy, and it doesn't try to. Instead, it is more  like a Dio era Rainbow album. If you like that sort of music, you will  likely find Tyr quite enjoyable.
6304457383|5.0|Creepy, scary, and hysterically funny all at once, mostly thanks to Arkin's way over-the-top villainry alongside Hepburn's equally over-the-top vulnerability. Wonderfully haunting score, too.
630512762X|5.0|I've seen lots and lots of movies, but no one can be compared to this Great movie! , Great Music , Great Effects, Great Action , and the most important , Great Story ! , this movie Explores the deeps of human pain ,  It is a true movie that I give 1 million stars !! , to those reading this  comment , I STRONGLY recommend it !! , I'd like to thank John Travolta for  his great performance , and also Nicolas Cage for his excellence ! the  truely gave their best in this Amazing Movie
6304493681|5.0|I can't get enought of this movie. Mesmerizing
B000002H3E|3.0|This is not a bad release, but to me after the 4th song they all start sounding the same.  The production is really good  and again Lynch sounds the best.  But to me it is just not as raw as it could have been.  Its  obvious that the band was shooting for MTV awards and not for glam metal  supremacy.
630518299X|3.0|I heard about the critical acclaim for this movie, but &quot;The Truman Show&quot; is highly overrated since it is basically a high production Twilight Zone episode with a fine performance by Jim Carrey. The score is  brilliant, combining Mozart and New Age music.  The director's decision to  use a &quot;real&quot; suburban town in Florida instead of a set (such as  Tim Burton's Edward Scissorhands) shows just how much we do live in a world  of our making. After seeing this film, you can't help but wonder if  suburbia is just one big fantasy island. Also, Ed Harris as Christof is  decent in this role, but I just can't see him as anything other the head of  Mission Control from &quot;Apollo 13,&quot; a role that was perfect for  this actor. When Truman disappears, I expected someone to say,  &quot;Christof, we have a problem.&quot;
0375701427|5.0|I had never read a book by Philip Roth and to judge by this one, he is a genius - it's beautifully written, with incredibly realistic (and lovable)human beings, and it's about the last century of America, only  without the pseudoism of other contemporary, megalomaniac writers. And to  say this is only an inch of all that this book deserves to be said about  it...
B000000643|3.0|After &quot;What We Did on our Holidays,&quot; this album felt like a let-down to me.  Both Percy's Song and A Sailor's Life are good songs but go on way, way, WAY too long.  Talk about repetitive.  &quot;Si Tu Dois  Partir&quot; also falls into the &quot;too long&quot; category.<br />There are  true gems on this album -- especially &quot;Who Knows Where The Time  Goes,&quot; which is a timeless classic.  But there are also mediocre  songs.  The Dylan covers are nowhere near as great as something like  &quot;I'll Keep It With Mine.&quot;<br />However, this is worth buying if only  for &quot;Autopsy&quot; and &quot;Who Knows Where The Time Goes.&quot;
6305377030|2.0|GET OVER IT YOU SO CALLED LOYAL TREK FANS, EVERY ONE WHO SAW THIS FILM WAS DISAPPOINTED MAJORLY LIKE MYSELF.  WHY DID FIRST CONTACT BECOME SO FAMOUS-- ACTION AND GREAT PLOT.  INSURRECTION- TOUCHY FEELY ETHICS AND THROWN IN  YOUR FACE COMEDY DID NOT WORK!  YES IT HAD THE BEST MORALS OF ANY TREK FILM  YET, BUT IT WENT ABOUT SO LOUSY THAT I FELT AS IF I WAS WATCHING AN EPISODE  INSTEAD.  TREKKIES, STOP FEELING SO INSULTED BY TRYING TO SUPPORT THIS FILM  AND JUST ADMIT IT IS NOT GOOD.  WHEN A FILM PACKS A INCREDIBLE STORYLINE  AND GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS (BATTLE SCENES) IT WILL BE CRITICALLY ACCLAIMED.   INSURRECTION HAD NONE OF THESE.  I AGREE WITH HUMMTIDE-- BRING THE BORG  BACK THIS TIME DESTROYING THE FEDERATION/DOMINION ALLIANCE AND USE THAT  DYSONS SHPERE SINCE ITS A GOLDEN GEM TO BE TOYED WITH.  AND MAKE THE NEXT  FILM WITH ALL THE CURRENT SERIES CHARACTERS INTO A BIG BUDGET WAR FILM  DESTROYING EVERYTHING WHICH WOULD SET THE BRICKWORKS FOR A SERIES 125 YRS  IN A LATER TIMELINE.  IT SEEMS SO EASY TO MAKE A GOOD FILM BUT PARAMOUNT  JUST REFUSES TO. AND FOR GODS SAKE, BALOON THE BUDGET!!!!
6300208699|5.0|This is the tale of Sir Guy a man set and determined to punish those for their greed. Sellers at his best doing what Sellers does best.
B000002OVJ|5.0|This is as good as it gets!  Since it's original release it remains one of my most played albums, and certainly the most purchased.  25 years on I'm still amazed that lead, bass and drums can produce such a colossal sound.  My Generation is the highlight, a true musical journey.  At the start there  is an almost disinterested feel, but as it progresses you can almost see  Moon and Townshend disappearing into the music.  By the last couple of  sections the playing is incredible - question and answer between guitar and  drums ending in a beautiful cacophony of sound. The single weakness is  Townshend's occasional drift into sub-Hendrix, directionless note  twiddling, particularly in the middle of Young Man Blues.  Don't let this  put you off, the unique 'lead' drum and rhythm guitar sound that was the  hallmark of the Who has never been better captured.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I am a serious \\"Oz\\" collector and this movie is my favorite.  This tops the original \\"Wizard of Oz\\" for me.  This movie is based on Frank L. Baum's third book \\"Ozma of Oz\\" and the movie is  a wonderful adaptation.  They couldn't have done it better.  I recommend  this movie to people of all ages who are still young at heart.
0783114222|5.0|This is a great series...buy it you won't be disapointed!  I promise...This great on DVD!
1572522089|5.0|This movie is now one of my top 3 favorites. It has everything a movie needs and more.  The storyline is spectacular..What more can I say.  I recommend it to EVERYONE! An amazing movie!!
157330087X|5.0|This dvd is a great tribute to a master bluesman. All the great ones go before their time. GET THIS DVD!!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have heard a lot Sarah's songs in places other than her albums, and have been touched by them.  I first heard &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; in a tribute to Sergi (the olympic ice skater who died suddenly in 1995).  I  have been looking for this song on her albums, and have never found it.  I  am so glad it was on this one.  Mirrorball is a wonderful album.  Sarah is  a brilliant singer/songwriter who digs deep in her soul to create haunting  ballads.  I also love &quot;Angel.&quot;   All of these songs on this album  are wonderful.  Thanks Sarah.
6304288433|4.0|This is probably my favorite sequel of any genre film of all time. My only complaint, and why it only rated 4 stars compared to 5, is that the gore level was stepped up a notch, taking away the terror element that the  original did fantastically, without having blood and guts being shown.  Michael Myers stalking a hospital on Halloween was a great follow-up to the  original's premise of him stalking his old neighborhood. Its too bad that  Halloween 4-6 were made.  What should have ended with part 2, was turned  into nothing but a money making venture. Part 1 and 2 of Halloween explored  the evil within the human heart. After that it was turned into something  way to far fetched, and almost ruined what the first 2 movies stood for.  H20 helped to regain some of the mystique lost with parts 4-6, but part 1  and 2 stand as the best 1-2 punch in Horror film history.
B000002MG1|3.0|I'll admit it.  I liked R.E.M. better in the early days, when they were an inscrutable little alternative folk rock band.  I liked them better when Stipe mumbled and Buck jangled.  I just can't help it.  I think this album  has been critically overrated. Having said that, I like some of the songs  here quite alot:  &quot;Try Not to Breathe&quot;, &quot;Sweetness  Follows&quot;, &quot;Find the River&quot;.  However, many of the tracks are  weak.  One of Stipe's most irritating vocal performances is captured on  &quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight&quot;.  The lyrics to the much  bally-hooed &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; strike me as less than profound.   The somber tone of the album oppresses me.
6301562925|1.0|The whole pawn of a cult plot is ludicrous and totally takes away the element of evil started and ENDED in parts 1 and 2. Michael's niece having a mind connection with him? Give me a break. They just needed to find some  way to keep digging up ole Michael to milk more money from his image and  name. Unfortunately, they made another one after this one.
B000002LOE|4.0|Well, opinion certainly seems divided on this one.  Actually, this is the last album R.E.M. released that I like, and I've been a fan since 1983.  I think &quot;Automatic&quot; has some fine songs, but is ultimately  overrated.  I like the production on this album alot more.  It's bright and  detailed, and the arrangements are interesting, with lots of neat  instruments popping up.  It kind of reminds me of a Beatles album. I also  must admit to liking the much maligned &quot;Shiny, Happy People&quot;  quite abit, in spite of the ridiculous lyrics.  I play the bass guitar, and  it's a fun song to play along with.
0783227434|4.0|this is the funniest of the series. but the end sucks. i like the other end but they didn't put it in dvd?!? why? is there no room for alternative end? huh! on the other hand, special effect could be better but not too  bad...
B00000JG41|5.0|My favorite song by far is Pink Cigarettes. It has a spaghetti western movie soundtrack feel to it. There is a definite Ennio Morricone influence in evidence here. (If anybody doesn't know who Ennio Morricone is - just  think of The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly theme)
6305095442|5.0|Groovy!! Evil Dead II is the best horror movie ever! Effects could not be perfect but story is really cool... Bruce Campbell's acting is unbelievable. Believe it or not, but first watch this movie...  &quot;Swallow this...&quot;
B00000JFSL|5.0|Surfing With the Alien Gold Edition is completely unsurpassed in quality and clarity.  It's complete remastery enables you to get the absolute most from your Cd player,  When you crank it up the only thing that comes closer  to a Satch concert is actualy being there. This CD is a definate must have!  -JP-
0671015206|3.0|I liked this book very much, but much less so the people it depicts.  The authors say the millionaires describe themselves as happy, but to me they just come off as selfish cheapskates who make their wealth by taking rank  advantage of others.  I would suggest that the authors, in their follow up  work, study the correlation between millionaire auctioneers and other self  employed types and exactly how much income tax they pay.  What isn't said  is that much of their wealth comes from unreported cash income.  Also it  would be revelatory if the authors described wealth and religion, rather  than the more politically correct &quot;ancestry.&quot;  But if you're  willing to pay the high price of paying underprice, you too can become one  of the boors this book so aptly describes.
B000002GBD|5.0|This is one of the best if not the best classic &quot;Hard Rock&quot; albums ever. Its ashame that Beggars Day and Changin' Times are not included on a Greatest Hits album. If you dont have this one your not a  classic &quot;Hard Rock&quot; junkie, period.
0312867123|5.0|This book is not just about the human consciousness leaping 21 years into the future.  It's about the people to whom this happened.  How do people who have been given a taste of their own future react to that knowledge?  Humanity just had the &quot;Fruit of Knowledge&quot; thrust down its  throat. Can we be the same after we gain that knowledge? Did that knowledge  come at too high a price? Does freewill exist or is it just an illusion  humanity concocted? Is the future immutable or can we make our own future?  Sawyer deals with not only complex ideas, like these, but also complex  emotions.  He breathes life into his characters, then lets them take  flight.  Once I picked this book up, I could not put it down.
0767835107|5.0|This movie is the best ever! This is my favorite movie!!! Sarah Michelle Gellar did such a good job.  I thought that Selma Blair (Cecile) was so funny and cute. I LOVE RYAN! he did the best! ryan is hottest guy alive. i  love him and the movie!
B0000065O1|4.0|A very good workout tape that is realy challenging and I saw the results right away. Very good &amp; effective for the abs &amp; butt
B00000J7SS|5.0|There's not much I can say about this album that hasn't been said already. Put simply, it's just a really incredible masterwork of improvisation. It's also Miles Davis' most controversial and enigmatic album. No other Miles  Davis album divides his fans more. There are so many dichotomies to  explore: it's bizarre and beautiful, weird and wonderful, fascinating and  frightening, and that's a lot to say about an album that was just Miles  Davis and friends getting together and jamming. I don't recommend this  record lightly, nor do I recommend that you take this record lightly. It's  not pop, and it's not meant to be. It's probably not good background music,  though you might be able to listen to it on a long drive after you've  plumbed the depths of its mysteries. It might scare your kids or annoy your  co-workers or neighbors, that is, unless you live or work next to beatniks  or jazz enthusiasts. One thing's for sure, it will definitely annoy jazz  purists! In a nutshell, I envy your first journey through this particular  dimension of Miles' unique and chaotic universe. To help you on your  travels, the best advice I can give is: turn on your brain and open your  mind, listen to it once, then turn off your brain and listen to it many  times more. One of my top five Miles Davis albums.
0060977493|5.0|This book is absolutely breathtaking.  The sentences are strung together like a finely tuned poem.  It is the kind of book that wraps you so wholly in the world of the story that when it is over (after a long night, during  which time the book posesses you to stay awake, no matter how much work you  have to do the next day) you just want to read it again.  The characters  lived on in my mind for days after I was done.  I have recommended The God  of Small things to everyone I love.
014028009X|5.0|Every woman can relate to the struggles of Briget Jones...this book is hilarious and very easy to relate to.  As I was reading it, I found myself comparing Briget's thoughts and feelings to my friends and me.  I read it  in one evening and was sorry to see it end so soon...any woman over 20  should read this book!
6304211740|2.0|Recently I have finished reading Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre. I was so entranced by the story. I ran to the movie store to rent the video after I was finished the book. In short, I think the movie made the story lose it's  flare. Yes, of course, the main points of the story were covered. Yet, the  parts that helped greatly to things such as character development and the  passion of the story were left out! The scenes between Edward and Jane were  so short in their dialogue. Those scenes that were shortened were important  to the development of the relationship between Jane and Edward. Not to  mention how the end of the story was dulled down to nothingness. The actors  that portrayed Jane and Edward were different. I liked the performance that  William Hurt gave. Though he seemed too gentle for the character sometimes,  he did have his many moments. The actress who played Jane, Charlotte  Gainsbourg, was dull. Yet, it was not her fault. In the book, Jane has so  much vivacity because it is told from her point of view. In the movie  Jane's thoughts were not touched upon, so Jane seemed a dull character. So  it is not Gainsbourg's fault, but the fault was to choose not to narrate  her thoughts. That does seem difficult to do, but it is some what important  to lure people to Jane's character. For those who have never read the book  but wish to later, I would advise against this version. You will know plot  during your reading, and that shall spoil the book as it adds charm to your  known plot. For those who have read the book, I would also advise against  the movie. You'll probably nit pick it too much as I am currently doing.  For those who have never read the book and don't plan to, you might enjoy  this film.
B00000JR5I|5.0|this is by far the best work the peppers have released, and with the return of john frusciante this can really be called the sequel to blood sugar sex magik. the style is more mature than what we've seen before, the  lyrics are still as raw ever though! perhaps my two favourite tracks are  the otherside and this velvet glove, every track on the album is great  though. i got as soon as it was released and still havent stopped listening  to it. addictive and definately worth getting if youre a true peppers fan,
0684867621|5.0|Why is this such an extraordinary book?  Well, for one thing, King is showing us once again how versitile he is, spinning a story devoid of vampires, ghouls, and various other monsters.  King is riding the crest of  a new age of horror writing in which the trick is to write something that  will attract a more diverse audience of readers.  It's a fine piece of work  that complements some of King's other books like &quot;The Green  Mile,&quot; &quot;Different Seasons,&quot; &quot;The Reach,&quot; and  &quot;Bag of Bones.&quot;  While King can write about creatures just fine,  I believe his best work lyes in those stories which are more reality-based.  As King grows older it's obvious that his writing is taking on more of a  literary style.  King is obviously taking a great deal more pride in his  work and it shows in this fantasic story.
B00000DGUG|4.0|(See the one line review
B000002BSV|5.0|the best pop album in the last years!! personally i think the best of suede, from &quot;Beautiful Ones&quot; to &quot;Saturday Night&quot;, throuh &quot;She&quot; and of cource &quot;Picnic By The Motorway&quot; -  buy it now, or later but you have to buy it!!!
B000002PCS|5.0|I have always loved this soundtrack and have it on vinyl yet....had to get a CD so I can wear that out also. The music takes me back to my favorite place to visit, Mackinac Island, where the Grand Hotel is located; bringing  beauty and romance back to mind. I am not a great lover of Classical music  but this is a must CD to own. Just don't daydream while driving....
0380973464|5.0|Simply one of the best books I've read, and I've read a lot. Those who love hard science fiction complemented with insightful characterization and wonderful plots (from such modern authors as Greg Egan, Greg Bear, and  David Brin) will find this book a home run. Though the setting is  contemporary (and, in fact, historical), the bleeding edge of today's  technology takes on a glow only found in the very best hard science  fiction. If you can't tell, I really enjoyed this book.
B00000IPAX|5.0|this is the one of the best cd's to come out of Blinks production.  all of their cd's are great, but this one is the best
B00000DHRX|5.0|About four years ago, while trying to decide what music to take with us for a long ride down Highway 1, my friend suggested we take my old &quot;Faith&quot; album by George Michael. &quot;Why do you want to take  that?&quot; I asked. &quot;It's got to be over ten years old.&quot; Giving  me a quizical look, my friend replied &quot;Because it's good.&quot;  He  was absolutely right.  Today, I am still shocked by how much I like George  Michael's music.  While my music tastes are eclectic and change often, his  music is the only constant in my life.  His music goes with me whether I am  in my room, the car, or even on vacation.  And while some of his albums are  over a decade old, they are -- and always will be -- timeless. And when one  combines the fact thatGeorge Michael writes, sings and produces all of his  songs -- one has to realize how rare and special that is.  So many artsts  today cannot play an instrument, write, (and in many cases) -- sing.  Not  true for Geroge Michael however.  He is the genuine product.   So for all  of you who have never listened to his music or only have one of his albums,  my advice to you is -- get this CD
B00000IP2L|4.0|Very good cd.  This is music that actually has some balls! If you like that power crunchin' metal with killer pick harmonics this one's for you.  Zakk is really talented....that goes without saying!!  I think Jake E. Lee  (of Badlands) had the right idea when he decided to go out and get a kick-a  singer...(Ray Gillen, may he R.I.P.)...don't get me wrong!!...Zakk can  sing! I just think he should focus on guitar/songwriting...that's his  specialty. Again it's a great cd...thank God for killer music like this!!!
6303921248|5.0|Colin Firth's Darcy simply DEVOURED Eliza with his gaze. This is the most romantic movie I have ever seen. The acting is flawless, from promiscuous Lydia down to pantywaist Mr. Collins. I watched the whole thing in one  sitting, and by the end I wanted to boot those people up the aisle! When  the new Mr. and Mrs. Darcy rolled away in the coach, I thought they were  going to end with the scene of kids running behind it and I wanted to yell  &quot;WAIT!LET ME IN THAT CARRIAGE SO I CAN SEE WHAT THEY'RE DOING!!&quot;
B00000IQV7|5.0|Patch Adams will forever be the most astounding and influencial movie I have ever seen. If you could have any one video in your collection, let this be the one. Before I had even seen this movie I had planned on being a  doctor. But I didn't have such an extensive insight on just how much one  can change and influence a patient's life for the better. Now I have a true  and deep yearning to be a doctor of health as well as a doctor of love.  Please watch this film with an open heart. It's a true story that will stay  with you forever and ever.
6302158249|5.0|Mark Knopfler and Dire Straits  at their earliest best!All the songs were excellent though I think Portobello Belle should have been included. The new version of 'Once upon a time in the west'was interesting as was the  blistering live version of 'Sultans of Swing'! The Mel Collins saxophone  intro to  Tunnel of Love was very melodious.Watch out for Terry  Williams'drumming on Sultans of Swing.  All in all  very good stuff with  amazing guitar and drum licks.A must for all Dire Straits fans.
B000002GB4|2.0|it does contains a few good songs in Mademoiselle, Put Me On, and Shoo
0899663036|5.0|This novel is one of the best that I have ever read. I first read this novel as a child and still enjoy it each time I read it.It is one of the few novels that I make a point of reading at least once a year. Each time I  read it, I come away with a feeling of hope and sadness. Hope because Smith  expresses the concept that any dream  is possible as long as you apply  yourself, no matter how bad your circumstances are. I also have a feeling  of sadness that the novel has ended. But I guess that is a sign of a truely  great and timeless novel. I were to pick 5 of my favorite novels of all  time, this book would definately make the list. The characters are  timeless. Even though it was written in 1943, it still can be read today  and have the same impact. Smith's characterization captures the feelings of  a child growing into a woman. It also gives the reader a sense of hope. It  expresses the feeling that a person can a accomplish anything that he or  she wants. One of the best passages proclaims that Francie is a reader. I  take this saying to heart. As a true reader, I find this novel to be a must  in anyone's library. Anyone reading this review, should do themselves a  favor and read a novel that will capture one's heart and soul.
0767802659|5.0|1 of the best movies i have seen in my life, best sci-fi Movie, best plot, no questions asked
B00000IMCW|4.0|Hell is Full?!?!   Well this is a great motive for zombies to plauge the earth. I really enjoyed seeing the good guys (the humans, unless you are a zombie) kick but. The golification of human survival at its best, however  hopeless the strugle may seem. A very good movie, and very entertaining, if  you liked &quot;Dead Alive&quot; you will love this, eventhough it does  attemt to be more serious. I laughed, I cried, I was on the edge of my  seat, everything I would expect from a great horror flick.
0684857820|5.0|_Lucky_ is more than the story of a rape...it is a compelling story, beautifully written.  Sebold's ability to pace her story, draw the minor characters with an insightful brushstroke or two and to force us to read on  even when its painful makes this a book worth reading. There isn't an  unnecessary word or a word out of place. I couldn't put it down.
B00000J7J4|1.0|We want the old Santana, not one who collaborates with the awful Whitey Ford, the even worse Lauryn Hill, a whiny Dave Matthews or a whinier Eagle Eye Cherry. Bring back the Woodstock-Era Carlos. Santana plays a minor part  in this album, over shadowed by these so called singers, except Clapton.  Terrible.
B000002UAI|4.0|Beatles for Sale is a very enjoyable album that only loses momentum with some of the cover songs.  The fact is, all of the Beatles originals are at the least good and several are great.(there are 8 of them).The classics: Im  a Loser, Eight Days a Week(I love the fadein at the beginning), I'll Follow  the Sun(a simple, intimate little song and the best on the album), Every  Little Thing(sounds like a prototype of garage/light psych Byrds type music  that would come a little later) and Words of Love is a great Buddy Holly  cover(it works well because they imitate Holly's light voice and accent).  <br />I Dont Want to Spoil the Party has the most laughable title but a killer  chorus, and What You're Doing(another Byrds-like number) and Baby's in  Black are both solid(that's not a euphemism for bad-they are pretty good if  not spectacular). As for the covers, their versions of songs by Chuck Berry  and Carl Perkins are kind of toothless compared to the originals-which dont  need improvement in the first place. Mr. Moonlight just sounds like a badly  written song-It's quite probable the Beatles actually improved on it but  it's still pretty bad. <br />All told, this cd is well worth the money but get  some of the more essential albums first.
B000000WJZ|5.0|i shall make this short and sweet - siamese dream is one of the best albums in the history of alt rock or even, for that matter, in the history of music in general. the communication between the bass and drums is  amazing, the songs themselves alternate between stroking and slamming your  eardrums, and the lyrics are a delicious mix of angst and brooding. as a  side note, billy corgan's vocals may be an acquired taste but once you get  used to the screeching you'll be hooked! if you're tired of  saccharine-sweet boy bands and  their poppy tunes, SIAMESE DREAM is a  must-must-must have...
0790733226|5.0|I enjoyed Contact when I first saw it, but the DVD really makes you appreciate the subtleties you might miss in the theater.  The three commentary tracks each give you unique perspectives on the artistry of this  film.  These days it's a joy to see a movie that uses special effects  seemlessly to enhance the story instead of being 90 minutes of mindless eye  candy.
B000002C4J|5.0|This CD rocks! Celine Dion is the best female singer ever to grace planet Earth. Her voice is like an angel's. Those who say that her voice sounds like a cat with it's tonsils out or nails scraping across a chalkboard are  either completely deaf or writing from an asylum on a desert isalnd far,  far, far away. The best tracks on this album are &quot;To Love You  More&quot;, &quot;Tell Him&quot; and of course the beautiful ballad from  &quot;Titanic&quot;, &quot;My Heart Will Go On.&quot;
B000001IPL|5.0|This is the coolest album they've made, better than Ixnay on the Hombre AND Americana!<br />The lyrics are great, with a meaning to each song.  Bad Habit and Self Esteem are what I'm talking about.<br />You've got to listen to  Come Out And Play, it's just the best!  I don't think it's ever been on  English radio, but I'm gonna try and change that!!!<br />I bought Ixnay on the  Hombre first, then American and then this.<br />This CD is what The Offspring  are about, it's not anything like the commercialised Americana album.  I  wouldn't necessarily recommend getting it, if all you like them for is  Pretty Fly For A White Guy!  It's not what they WERE about.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Comin' off &quot;Three Dollar Bill Y'all $&quot;  This Cd's not what you would expect from LB. Some off the tracks are hot though, &quot;n 2gether now&quot; with the Meth, &quot;Nobody Like You&quot; w/ Jon Davis and  &quot;Just Like This&quot;.  Go out and buy it...you need this CD.
B000002C1X|2.0|I'd be lying to myself to say that I really love this album. Most of the music is dull, boring and tasteless. I have to agree with most of the reviewers who said this album is overrated. This is definitely one of their  worst albums, but folks, don't blame David Gilmour, Rick Wright, or Nick  Mason, blame Roger Waters. This was a Roger Waters solo effort anyhow, so  what does that tell you?. The opening track is good, but I really can't  stand the rest of the first disc. I like &quot;Young Lust&quot;, &quot;One  Of My Turns&quot;, and &quot;Don't Leave Me Now&quot;. I can't stand  &quot;Another Brick In The Wall&quot;. I can tolerate the second disc a  little more. &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Nobody Home&quot;,  &quot;Vera&quot;, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, &quot;In The Flesh&quot;,  and &quot;Waiting For The Worms&quot;, are the true treasures on the album.  &quot;The Trial&quot;, is good, but at the same time irritating. They  should have called this &quot;ROGER WATERS-THE WALL&quot;, rather than  &quot;PINK FLOYD-THE WALL&quot;. I have tried constantly to like this album  but I just can't. I'm not alone in my thoughts because there are other  people who feel the same, and that's comforting.<br />4.12.20, 4/18.
B00000IFP6|5.0|I'll give the cycle 5 stars in part because of the price and also in part because Zinman is well known and liked around here - having made some fine music with the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra for over a decade.  As a second  or third set of all nine Beethoven symphonies, these disks seem  irresistible; even as a first set, they could be a fine choice.<br />Zinman is  in tight control of his orchestra throughout.  The tempos are consistently  brisk and sometimes driven.  The players are highly professional, if not  quite at the level of, say, the Berlin Philharmonic.  Zinman attempts an  &quot;authentic&quot; sounding performance, though with modern instruments.   Strings tend to be light, and winds and percussion are out front.  Zinman  also conducts from a new edition of the scores, reflecting recent  scholarship (resulting, for example, in alternative endings to the 9th,  based on different performance scores Beethoven himself used).<br />These  performances (like other &quot;authentic&quot; performances) can be a  revelation in comparison to the grand-romantic style of Beethoven  performance that had become conventional.  But these performances also can  be enjoyed by anyone on their own terms; Zinman knows how to make music.
0399143904|4.0|Two Words: READ IT....Ok now realy it is one of Clancy's best. If you have read the book the is a awesome PC Game based on it - check it out.
0812548094|5.0|This book is an excellent work and was a thuroughly enjoyable read
B00000JCOV|5.0|I love this cd! but I have to stop writing this review to go listen to it!bye.
0517548232|5.0|Hazlitt's view is simple: economics can only be  understood if we look at the effects on everyone  over time. He views most government economic tinkering as myopic: focussing only on one group of people for a moment.   He shows how government intervention--well intentioned as it might  be--always hurt people in general over the long-term including the people  we mean to help.  He champions the forgotten man--the people who are hurt  when the governmet tries to improve on the workings of the marketplace.
B000000H57|5.0|Type o negative as a band is awesome and their music genre though not for everyone, as my friends tell me, is something totally out of this world. Bloody kisses was good, but it wasn't perfection. But October rust is like  a book which u can't keep down after picking it up......There is no part of  the album which doesn't totally enthrall the senses....The dark despair of  this album creates a beautiful and sexy mood....Definitely included in my  top ten albums ever
B000002KFJ|5.0|Along side SABBATH,BLOODY,SABBATH and VOL4 this is an essential recording from THE heavy metal band.Great tracks include THE WRIT and MEGLOMANIA,sadly cracks in the band soon appeared with the next two very  average releases,NEVER SAY DIE and TECHNICAL ECSTASY.      N.B If you  can,track down the BBC documentary ROCK FAMILY TREES on the Sabs;ESSENTIAL  VIEWING,with interviews with all members past and present
6303921248|5.0|What can I write about this miniseries? It's one of the best things I've seen in my whole life, and I assure you I have seen many many productions. One of my favorite books just came alive in front of me! And Colin Firth is  now one of my favorite actors... A must for any Austen fan, or anyone with  good taste for movies.
B00000I0XW|5.0|I heared Sarah's voice on Andrea Bocelli's Romanza and instantly fell for her voice.She has such a sweet voice that makes opera music come to live.
B000002KH3|5.0|The masterwork of the greatest rock guitarist of ALL-TIME, PERIOD!!!!!!  As great as Edward's technique is (and it is second to NONE!!!) what sets this album apart from his other outstanding efforts is his tone.  That  super fat sound he got out of his guitar on this album is unbelievable.   That is how God intended a electric guitar to sound!  Long live King  Edward!!!!!!
0790729628|1.0|You would think directors would stand behind their work to ensure that the movie original was uncut.  Some of the finest parts at the end, including the epilogue, were removed.  Beware!
B000002U9L|5.0|I love this movie and all the songs that are on its soundtrack!!!  By any chance are ya'll selling this movie too??
B00000JG41|4.0|What good music is all about, though certainly not for everybody
6305079900|4.0|Terminator is as close to perfect as any movie can be. Many times when people talk about this film, they talk about the great action. What they're forgetting though is the strong characters and story that James Cameron  wrote. This movie is as much about love as it is about action. Of course  all of Cameron's pictures have a love story running through them. Also,  some people may say that the special effects aren't as good as T2, which of  course they aren't. It has always been my opinion that sometimes the old  fashioned way of creating effects brings more to a movie than the overblown  computer generated ones. No matter how good computer effects get, many  times they still look fake which I think has something to do with the  texture and new shine cp effects seem to have. This is an excellent movie  with wonderful performances. Also, look for Bill Paxton in his first  Cameron movie as a punk that gets beat up by Arnold.
0800116917|5.0|What a great movie. They dont make them like this anymore.25 years later since I saw it last,liked it even better the second time.The best time to watch is on a cold freezing night when its below zero and the wind is  howling and you're tucked in front of a warm fire.   O'Toole does an  excellent portrayal but kudos must also go to the supporting cast;Jack  Hawkins,Alec Guiness,Jose Ferrer;Omar Sharif,bit players all but wonderful  charactrisations nonetheless. But their acting must take backstage to the  amazing photography and panoramic vistas,the almost tangible shimmering  heat on the sand which made one break out in a sweat.   My one regret, that  the story only touched lightly on Lawrence's sezuality,perhaps because it  might distract from the story only David Lean could know. Historians have  since raised doubts about his homosexuality but one wonders how the story  would have turned out were it made today. Spielberg would have had fun with  this one and probably another Oscar.
6300181251|1.0|Well,   I can't state how much I feel this movie is too overrated and medicore at best.  It isn't scary and it is not exciting or violent.   The story is very retarded about a man that fulfiles his position as his dead  mother and keeps her body in the basement. Ohhhh,  how interesting,  this  is exactly the kind of movie I'd want to show to my intelligent teachers or  friends. Yea right.  There are no good effects, the acting,  story, B and W  color, and sets are lame and the let's find Marion sub plot is boring. No I  am not one of those teenagers obsesed with blood or gore and FX,  I  apreciated the bloodless halloween and Rosemary's Baby (and non-horror  films)with interest and admiration.  People are always raving that Psycho  paved the way for horror movies of the eightess but the truth is that  Halloween ignited the formula and copy cats.  There wasn't many horror  movies in the 60's or 70's so how could Psycho cause this  &quot;formalic&quot; version of horror movies.  It couldn't because it  wasn't formalic,  it was just stupid.  Anyhow,  a story about killers were  bound to come up forth with or without Psycho.   And if you think the  shower sequence was scary then i must ask you,  WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN????????
B000002AVF|5.0|God gave this singer a range of seven octaves and she developed a knack for songwriting hit songs that match perfectly the intensity of it. \\"Daydream\\" waves through almost every tone, pitch and vocal garnishing that  Mariah have ever used to complement her singing style. The opening track,  \\"Fantasy\\", is a party itself, and by far the grooviest song in Mariah  Carey's repertoire. Things start to get a little bit mellow with the  adolescent feel of \\"Underneath the stars\\" but the album really strikes high  in the amazing renditions of the truly inspirational \\"I'm free\\" and the  50's cadences of \\"Forever\\". R&amp;B flavors are also present in this album  (all of which were surely enhanced in her \\"Butterfly\\" album) in songs such  as \\"Long ago\\", \\"Always be my baby\\" and the sexy and steamy \\"Melt away\\". And  for those sick of romantic songs, take a listen to \\"Looking in\\", a fellow  cousin of Stevie Wonder's \\"They won't go when I go\\".
B000001GQD|5.0|This is a 1959 Recording, done behind the Iron Curtain.  No one before or since has ever played the T1C, they have only played at it!  <br />Van Cliburn's and Martha Argerich's attempts are pathetic when compared with  this one by Richter.
6305358567|5.0|You have to see this. I thought it was much better than Shakespeare in love. Cate Blanchette was robbed of the oscar that she deserved. The costumes were also marvoluos.
B000002BQK|5.0|Maybe the most satisfying thing about \\"Butterfly\\" is how well this singer manages to keep up with trends. The R&amp;B flavor of most of this album proves how defiant Mariah Carey is when stepping into a territory hugely  dominated by African - American artists. Only a few white artists have  accomplished the feat of invading this type of music and still survived.  But once again Mariah seems pretty sure of what she is doing. And even if  her voice sounds hugely restrained, she handles the title track  beautifully, as well as other songs such as \\"My all\\", \\"Breakdown\\" and  \\"Whenever you call\\", which is, by the way, the only track that seems to  belong to the old Mariah Carey. The reserve of vocal power is a devastating  letdown for diehard fans that firstly approached this singer for her vocal  pyrotechnics. No one will ever deny that this is her most solid work  musically and lyrically, but if she could only keep these things up with  more of that amazing voice that thundered songs like \\"Emotions\\", matters  would be different.
6305165912|5.0|This movie is absolutely hilarious.  You'll catch a new subtle joke every time you watch it.  Buy it the first time...I've already spent over thirty five dollars renting it!
B0000028VT|4.0|\\"Music Box\\" is the best selling album of Mariah Carey ever, selling more than 10 million copies only in the US. Proof of this are the dreamy sounds of \\"Dreamlover\\" and the \\"believe - in - yourself\\" feeling so well shown in   \\"Hero\\". Her cover of Nilsson's \\"Without you\\" states again why Carey is so  big and great and the title track lets you know why this singer can be as  powerful and vocally astounding as unbelievably sweet and why her fans keep  coming back again and again.
B0000062GK|5.0|I own every album Joe puts out.  I listen to them all, but have found myself continually coming back to Crystal Planet for more.  This album is pure Satch.  If you love the guitar as much as I do then you absolutely  MUST get this album.  It rocks!
0684867621|4.0|This book was not what I expected.  It wasn't as scary as all the other King books!!!  It started out very slow for the first 60 pages or so, then picked up to a semi-suspense for the remainder of the book.  I'm not saying  that this book is boring, or not good, but that it is just different.  If  you want to read a King book or any book that has a little suspense and  it's intense moments, but is mostly drama, this is the book for you!!!  If  your looking for that kind of book I promise you will love this book!!!
B00000DFTG|4.0|This is the CD for all Black Sabbath fans, especially if you didn't go to the concert.
0606007865|5.0|Over the past many years I have read this little book several times. To me &quot;Heart&quot; is a national treasure and it racks my soul to see people giving it a bad review. Taken simply, as it was written, this story  profiles a point in time in the rural South just as America was  resurrecting from the ashes of the Great Depression and about to plunge  into World War II. If you recall this was a very difficult era but to me  this book is a thought provoking slice of time representative of the era it  evokes. You cannot argue that &quot;heart&quot; is not poignantly written  with a great simplicity of words and spare elegance of style.<br />I grew up  in the South in the mid-forties and this is exactly how things were: rural,  secular and introspective. We did not have the exposure to mass media that  we do today. We all toiled, laughed and suffered on a smaller plane of  reality.<br />Grow up and then read the book again when no one is forcing you  to read it. You will then appreciate fine writing.
0670824399|4.0|When I read this book,I was about 7.I couldn't  really understand the book then because I was that young.Now I'm 9,and I'm planning to read it again so I can understand it more.
B00000JG41|5.0|Just heard the Bungles at a sold out House of Blues concert that starts their national tour. Don't miss them! The LA Times gave them a rave this morning, and my friend who went to the show with me and I thought it was  the best concert we'd ever gone to! This is America's most imaginative,  innovative, daring, unpredictable band. The CD kicks!
060600680X|5.0|After reading The Old Man and the Sea twice and The Sun Also Rises four times, I figured it was time to venture into some other Hemingway.  I'm so glad I did.  This was possibly the most powerful novel I have ever read,  and it really forced me to rethink what's important in life.  Robert  Jordan's courage and devotion to his cause are unparalleled in literature  and life.  I was compelled through this book...I never read 500 pages so  quickly.  My only regret is that our hero died at the end, and his legacy  had to come to a tragic end.  If only he and Maria had made it to Madrid...
0679441018|5.0|after reading the vampire lestat, i didnt think that anne rice could do any better, but i was proved wrong.  i loved her interpretation of the way things were...it gives the reader something to think about, even if they  dont agree with it.<br />all of her books have mesmerized me in one way or  another, and have made me fall in love with lestat, the tragic hero.  though i need to add that i wasnt very satisfied with the ending. it left  me hanging and wanting more....so i hope she will write more books about  lestat.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Definetly one of the coolest Cd's of all time! This soundtrack is wonderful. I bought for something to listen to on a long car trip, and was amazed at what modern instruments can do. An amazing soundtrack and a must  buy for all Star Wars fans!
B000003C4M|4.0|If your a fan of the darker forms of metal this is a must have. This started it all. No they weren't technically proficient on their instruments but what they did was like nothing else at the time.
B00000IFWE|2.0|If you like watered-down, dumbed down music, this may be your cup of (weak) tea.  It's slightly better than Petty's last two albums, but that's not saying much.  The Tom Petty &amp; Heartbreakers that were so awesome in  the 70's and 80's are not to be found here.  Where are the intelligent  lyrics that could be found on classic albums such as &quot;Damn the  Torpedoes&quot;, &quot;Hard Promises&quot;, &quot;Long After Dark&quot;,  &quot;Let Me Up&quot;, etc., etc., etc.  Where are the great melodies and  strong instrumentation of of all those (1976-1991)albums?  The guitar and  keyboard work on this album is actually quite good, but it's set so far  back in the mix that it's largely wasted.  This has the makings of a good  album, but the lyrics, melodies, and instrumentation need to be worked out  much more fully.  Then again, if you are just looking for background noises  to fall asleep with, perhaps this will serve that purpose.
068484267X|5.0|McCourt's tale was wonderfully written, to the degree that I would realize an hour had past when it only felt like a few moments. He accurately conveyed the thoughts a child would have, which is one of the best aspects  of this book. It was, infact, the reason I would even pick up this book, as  I enjoy reading books where the main character is a child because I can  relate. (I'm 13.) Yes, it is sad, but it's so gripping somehow that you  don't stop reading it. <br />However, the last 60 pages when McCourt reaches  14 and begins working, he frequently spoke of his sexuality, which made me  a bit uncomfortable. <br />It's still a WONDERFUL book, and I highly recommend  it. I truly understand why so much of the time there seems to be more Irish  in American  than in Ireland.
B000002BNB|4.0|This CD is one of the best CD's I've heard from in a while.  I knew the CD would be good, but I never thought this CD would be the kind I would listen to everyday.  Don't take my word for it, listen to the thing.  Long live  Ghostface!!
B000002LKF|5.0|Loved this work, especially the songs that featured the contributions of the Brazilian groups Olodum and Uakti. I found out more about them in the book &quot;The Brazilian Sound&quot; and eventually became a big fan of  both. Simon has again succeeded in turning many American listeners on to  artists in other countries they might not otherwise discover.
B000002MIY|5.0|THE BEST DONALD FAGEN EVER WROTE! THE LYRICS ARE SO POETIC, YET SO TRUE! CARS, EASY LIFE,DREAMS,&quot;Fresh food everyday&quot;,LOVE AND GIRLS ALONG THE L.A FREEWAYS... &quot;The L.A concession&quot;... THE ARRANGEMENTS?  OUTSTANDING!!
6303168507|1.0|The fact that the American Nation, and with it the entire Western Civilization, is getting sillier by the minute, is not only Spielberg's fault. But one can not underestimate the immense contribution that  Hollywood, to which this person is a dear son, has had in desensitizing  people to everything that is human. &quot;Schindler's List&quot; a  simplistic, mathematically melodramatic attempt to, popularize a subject  that should not have been popularized at all. The Jewish Holocaust was not  a Hollywood melodrarma, but a reality, and this reality is still with us,  as humans, whether direct or indirect victims, as perpetrators, or as  potential victims and perpetrators of similar realities.
6305311463|4.0|I thought it was a great action movie...forget about the inane plot line, it was a feel good movie that really delivered!
6303184200|5.0|The innovataive visual style of Goddard's first feature long film has now become, perhaps, a cliche. Today, when European Film Art is being transformed by the likes of Von-Trier, we can look at the French revolution  of the New Wave with a new insight. But even if he still adhered to many  now outdated modes, like the notion of individualistic authorship, Goddard  was perhaps the first to show that the triteness of Hollywood films can be  challenged from the outside. Bearing the sordid artistic reality of  American cinema at the time (and the fact that it hasn't improved much  since), this tantalising work of a real master is still a liberating film,  both in form and in content.
6305177473|5.0|Let me start by saying I am a mature adult having lived almost half a century. I have seen many movies and for some unknown reason this one has grabbed me. In the past two months I have watched it at least 20 times and  each time found something I had not seen before. <br />Why?! Because this is a  FUN movie. If you let yourself forget you are an ADULT and just watch you  will find a wonderful story that is funny, romantic, and touching. You  laugh, you cry, and if you have one ounce of romance in your body you feel  the emotions of Annie and Hallie, their parents Nick and Elizabeth, and the  supporting roles such as Martin and Chessy the respective butlers.<br />All of  the actors do an excellent job with their chacters. Of particular note is  Lindsay Lohan. A dual role is always demanding, but her ability to  transititon between the unique differences of Hallie and Annie, both in  language and personality, is amazing. She is an ACTRESS in the best sense  of the word. I look forward to seeing her time and again in the years to  come. (Of note other actresses who played dual roles in Disney films  include Haley Mills [The Parent Trap] and Jodie Foster [Freaky Friday].  Pretty good company for a young star.)<br />One other componet is the  soundtrack. Songs by Nat &quot;King&quot; Cole, Natalie Cole, Ray Charles,  Linda Rondstadt, and others make excellent backdrops to many moments of the  movie. In addition the score accentuates the emotions in just the right  manner. <br />   It is very seldom I feel so positive about a movie. To  paraphase Annie (Hallie when she is pretending to be Annie in London) as  she speaks about her stuffed animal I &quot;really, really, really&quot;  loved The Parent Trap.<br />Do yourself a favor and see it!!!
6300184269|5.0|This movie defined the use of one-liners. For the past decade now I have used lines from this movie. It is Anthony Micheal Hall that makes this film such a strong comedy. And if you want to see Bill Paxton at his earliest  and best (his Aliens lines were pretty cool too), then this film is a must.  Please, introduce this movie to your teenage children. You'll find  yourselves slow motioning the toilet scene for sure..... Will somebody  please tell me what Chet says to Wyatt from upstairs? It sounds like:  &quot;Yo Wyatt, you down there?&quot; Can't be sure though...
0875845851|5.0|Simply put, this is one of the best books on business I have ever read.  The findings are absolutely counterintuitive, and that's what accounts for Christensen's brilliance.  Yes, there's a lot of technobabble on the disk  drive industry.  But this book is more academic than most 'pop' business  books, and seeks a more thourough proof.  THIS BOOK WILL CHANGE THE WAY YOU  THINK ABOUT BUSINESS AND MANAGE YOUR COMPANY, GUARANTEED.
6301767772|5.0|If you like an action packed movie then this is the one for you. It has everything. A lot of gunfire,explosions,and blood. This is the best movie ever made. I give it 10 billion thumps up. I am a 13/m.
0451526279|5.0|I love this book because it's timeless. True, it's set in the 1800's, but this book could have been written today. I know it's hard to sympathize with Emma, but deep down she just wants to see everyone happy. I love the  part where she finds her own match right under her nose. I recommend this  book to everyone who likes historical romances.
B00000JFSL|5.0|This album, along with Crystal Planet,the best Satriani has ever made.  If you don't like this album, you've got a screw loose.  I've been listening to it for twelve years, and I still can't get enough.
B000005S27|4.0|Being from the US, the only song I had heard from Take That was &quot;Back for Good&quot;.  I remember liking it a lot, but I wasn't prepared to buy the whole CD based on one song. However, 3 short yrs later, I am now a HUGE  fan of Robbie Williams and didn't realize his connection to the group until  I heard it mentioned on the radio.  I'm not a big fan of boy bands,  but  out of curiosity of Robbie's past work, I decided to get this CD.  At  first, I only liked the 3 songs Robbie sang (&quot;Everything  Changes&quot;, &quot;I Found Heaven&quot;, and &quot;Could it Be  Magic&quot;), plus &quot;Never Forget&quot;, &quot;Sure&quot; and  &quot;Back for Good&quot;.  But the more I listen to it the more I like it.   &quot;Why Can't I...&quot;  is probably my favorite song now.  It's  definately the best as far as back up vocals are concerned.  You can also  see the progess the boys have made vocally through the different tracks.   Before reading the CD notes you can pretty much guess which songs came  first and then later in their career.  The only reason I don't give it five  stars, is because there are still several spots on the CD where voices are  obviously straining to hit notes (even Robbie's), and I didn't know there  was a silent &quot;R&quot; in the word, &quot;Sure&quot;.  Other that, the  CD offers a great variety of styles and melodies and is a great listen for  pure pop lovers.
B0000062GK|5.0|Possibly the best album from Satch.  It starts off on a great foot with Up In the Sky, and Ceremony and Lights of Heaven are two of the best songs I've ever heard.
0399103422|5.0|The Godfather is definatley one of the greatest books I have ever read!  The characters were so well written and the way the story of Vito Corleone and his Family members unfolds is brilliant.  I saw the movie first and saw  it 3 times over a period of two days and loved it, it is still one of the  greatest movies I have ever seen but the book is infinitley better.  The  Godfather or Don Corleone is one of the wiset greatest men, despite what he  does, as is his son and heir Michael.  It is a brilliantly written book I  could read it again and again...
0385484518|5.0|Many people think they're are too young to think about death.  Many people have not had the good fortune to have a mentor.  Mitch Albom does an admirable job in a short space of revealing his progression from one  denying mortality to accepting seeing life through someone else's eyes.   Realizing that we have more of an affect on someone's life is a difficult  thing to accept and to some a burdensome responsibility.  Congratulations  to Albom for succinctly telling this story, and for giving us a  persepective from which to examine our own lives.
0684867621|5.0|It made me read another book about &quot;what to do if you get lost in the woods&quot;.  I don't ever want it find my self in that situation like she did. This is not one of his best work, but it is good all the same.
0380796090|5.0|I too read this in one night... it was fabulous.  Yes, I think that if I were the protagonist, I would have clued in on how the ex-husband was treating me, but this is about Claire, not me.  <br />The author's writing  style is a HOOT!  In this book she writes as if she's talking to a great  chum.  What I got a particular kick out of was how she attributed  conversations and personalities to inanimate objects, such as clothing.  I  had to read some passages aloud to my husband!<br />I'm really looking forward  to Ms. Keyes' next novel.
0380973464|3.0|I'm admittedly new to this genre of books.  I very much enjoyed reading Cryptonomicon for the depth of detail, the parallel-plot structure, and Stephenson's wit.  However, I can't imagine that this book would have much  appeal to anyone other than white-male technophiles like myself.  If you  have no use for modern &quot;geek-speak,&quot; you've never struggled with  a differential equation, or you could care less what a Riemann-Zeta  function is, you won't want to read this book.   As an ex-military type, I  should say I was very impressed with the military characters in the book  and enjoyed Stephenson's portrayal of and respect for the Marines in  particular.  Bobby Shaftoe was great!
6304872402|5.0|This video was ordered by a friend of mine just a little while back and when she had brought it over for our feel and act like a kid weekend... well let me just say she and I both think it was in great condition when it  got to her and it was also a very very good movie.<br />The movie is funny,  sad, happy and just all in all I would give it 5 stars.
B00000JG41|5.0|I had no idea what to expect after the somewhat disappointing Disco Volante.  Purely and simply, this recording is brilliant.  Easily one of the best recordings I've heard this year.
B000006NPY|3.0|From the wonderous &quot;To Sheila&quot; to the pitiful &quot;Appels and Oranjes&quot; the Pumpkins give some terribly pathetic music and some great music.
B000002J03|5.0|I suppose that my very first love will always be classical music.  But even though I grew up listening to the likes of Chopin, Rachmaninoff and Stravinsky, Led Zeppelin will always be one of my favorite rock-n-roll  bands.  One need not be a fan of heavy metal to appreciate their work.  (Oh, and I wouldn't be caught dead listening to Amy Grant.)
B00000IQBN|5.0|The late, great Kubrick spent more than three years making this and many other of his films.  The thoroughness in every aspect of &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;   makes it stand out clearly among others in its genre.  The  film has been touted for its use of advanced cinematographical techniques,  but the use of sound appears to be innovative, too.  An example is  throughout the final duel scene.  This takes place in a stable in which  there are many doves.  The busy cooing of doves is heard just under the  level of the dialogue, lending further intrigue to the scene.  This is  reminiscent of the spacewalk scene early in the battle with HAL in  &quot;2001&quot;.  The only sound heard in that scene was the astronaut's  breath and the dead silence of space.  As with Kubrick's other films, the  score for &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; was outstanding.
0767821769|5.0|This movie is one of the best ones that appeared in 1998.  It is one of those movies that you have to watch with family and after you see it, it makes audience appreciate their family more.
B0000009OP|5.0|With Sandman's death, the world of music has lost a very talented figure who posessed an almost supernatural level of creativity.  This album is arguably Morphine's finest and stands as a testament to the haunting power  of one of the most amazing bands ever!
1573300403|5.0|My husband &amp; I thoroughly enjoyed this collection by Michael Jackson.  We will never grow tired of viewing this DVD.  He is such an outstanding and gifted performer, dancer &amp; singer. This collection covers quite a  spectrum of his career and you can see the changes from his earlier days to  now.  It contains all of his hits and to see Billy Jean performed on DVD is  awesome!  The concert he performed in 1997 was also great. We are so glad  that we have this DVD in our collection.<br />Thank you.
0380713802|2.0|About as unfunny a book as I've read recently. Bryson's attempt to force a funny expression into every other sentence makes the experience of reading this akin to spending a few hours with a hack comedian who's trying out his  new material on you. I found the humor forced, smug, and really pretty mean  spirited...unless you like petty jabs at the expense of the overweight and  acne-scarred, and tired sterotypes about Germans, Swiss, etc., leave this  title on the shelf.
0811821846|5.0|If you feel like doing the jabba jiggle, or having some ca-razy cantina chili then this book is for you. I bought this book for a friend who loved star wars &amp; was into amateur cooking. But when I got the book I knew I  needed one for myself! For you may be able to resist the dark side... but  you sure can't resist any of the dark side salsa. Explore the recipes of  this delighful book which includes Yoda soda, bossk brownies, jabba jello,  boba fett-ucine, &amp; lots more.
B00000J2KR|5.0|I watched &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;  in a movie theater many years ago and expected  the DVD version anxiously. What a delusion! It looks like a pirated DVD!  If Kubrick were alive, he would allow this kind of  &quot;crime&quot;  against  his masterpiece? &quot;A clockwork orange&quot;   is better, but still another dellusion. What happened? I feel deceived by  Warner, whose DVDs used to be so good.
6303965415|5.0|I am no great Austen fan, but my breath catches when I see Wentworth and Anne together.  I generally despise Old English or Irish period pieces (I must have had a past life there that was painful), but I am truly  transfixed by this video.  I am not a fan of Hugh Grant, but the romantic  element of Sense and Sensibility so appealed to me that I sought out other  Austen videos - and I am touched to the core by the romance of Anne and  Captain Wentworth. Sigh. Yes, I admit that I too wondered about the casting  of Root (&quot;will she ever SAY anything?!&quot;) but she is wonderful.   And another sigh for Hinds.....he is as desperately in love as any woman  could hope.
B000002LND|5.0|This is one of the best albums I have ever heard.  From &quot;Material Girl&quot; and &quot;Borderline&quot; to &quot;Express Yourself&quot; and my all-time favorite &quot;Vogue,&quot; this album does it all!!!
B0000025YM|5.0|The best Priest cd. Doesn't matter how many times you listen to it, it's still great.  Listen to Rock Hard, Ride Free and if you don't bang your head against a wall, you're deaf or dead.
B00000JG41|4.0|ok now before i even listened to this i knew it was 45 minutes long. wheres the rest i thought?i listened to it in my jeep on the way home from the store and it was like a sonic blur and then it was over....just like  anything patton or any of these guys has ever done, it challenges the  listenerhaving listened to various cds from this group of extremely  talented guys for about ten years now, i could only do one thing...start  the cd over again....and again, and again until i &quot;learned&quot; the  melodiesthen i began to realize how deep this really is, it is so rich and  thick with layers upon layers of the coolest stuff you can ever want to  hearthe real treat is to catch them live and watch them perfom this note  for notethese guys are unbelievable, once again they have gone in a whole  new direction and outdone themselves....again...
B00000IOSU|5.0|I only purchased &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstacy&quot; a couple of years back, but ever since it has been one of my most prized CD's.  My favorite song is &quot;Possession,&quot; though there are so many other excellent  songs on this live &quot;Mirrorball&quot; CD.  It is strange that I can  listen to Sarah day after day, thinking that sooner or later I would tire  of her songs.  I guess it must be later, because I still let her sing me to  sleep at night.  A Wonderful Mirrorball.
0345423496|5.0|Those who feel that Clarke has sold out and produced a worthless piece of fiction have obviously forgotten that it is necessary to think and abstract while reading rather than randomly expecting the plot to decipher itself.   Clarke is a genius
B000000XB9|5.0|I bought this CD because I had watched the movie The Big Lebowski, and I realized how very much CCR influenced me when I was growing up. Was remembering how much fun and sorrow the music represented in my life. We  know all about the band break up stories etc., but the great talent and  demand for excellent vibes and lyrics made it last.  Fogarty rules!
B000003BF1|5.0|From the first notes on Gimme Shelter to the last chorus on You Can't Always Get What You Want, this album KICKS A**!...Like the album cover says, PLAY THIS RECORD LOUD!
B000000WF0|1.0|people, this cd stinks. I never heard the group before, but then I heard bittersweet simphony. I thought that all the music was sorta gonna be like that...but it wasn't. The wasted money still hurts....minus 5 stars
0800187792|5.0|(This review is by my 5 year old grandson.  He and my 3 year old granddaughter wanted to watch the video both days they visited.)
6304613199|1.0|Okay, I will admit the main reason I didn't like this movie is because I read the book first. (i'll give you a tip, never read the book first! it'll only disappoint you!) Nothing, NOTHING is the same save one scene and maby  two characters. But of course, you can assume it woldn't be the same  because Hammond wasn't killed in the first one like he was supposed to be.  And I don't agree with those who say that unless we can make a Acadamy  Award-winning film we don't have the room to talk about this one being bad!  It was perfectly feasable to make a sequel based on the book, but  movie-makers wanted to start from scratch and add in some parts from the  book they thought were good. They shouldn't do that. I'm only 12 and I can  complain about it! It was a great dissappointment to me because I saw the  first 8 times. It was a landmark, i know they could never measure up to it,  but I thought the Lost World book was better than the first and the movie  could have been the same. (especially with the effencts they have nowadays,  which they did make use of BTW.)
0783221487|1.0|Um, ok I saw this movie when I was young and the only thing I remembered when I just watched it was what happened when Paul's hand was put in the box.<br />I read this book a couple months ago and was waiting for my  girlfriend to finish reading it.  So we finally rented it and watched it.   <br />Wow!  I can't believe what they forget!  What water means to the people,  how Paul had to earn the Fremen's repect, how he failed on his 1st attempt  to ride a sandworm, not to mention the landslide that burries his mom, and  definitely how it only took one night for them to get across the desert.   Didn't Duncan get turned into a zombie and at the end, didn't Jessica and  Alia get CAPTURED?<br />This had to be the sadest representation of a book  I've seen ... well, since Jurrasic Park anyway.<br />It could have been better  in the plot but it was a decent &quot;special effects&quot; movie for 1984.
6302906636|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS WITHOUT A DOUBT ONE OF THE GREATEST MOVIES EVER MADE. CHRISTOPHER LAMBERT IS AN AWESOME CONNER MACLEOD. SEAN CONNERY GIVES A GREAT PERFORMANCE AS WELL. BUT WHAT MAKES THIS MOVIE GREAT IS THE CONCEPT.  IMMORTALS LIVING UNTIL THERE HEAD IS CUT OFF. THE BAD GUY IS REALLY BAD  TOO. A MUST-HAVE FOR ANYONE WHO LIKES MOVIES. OH YEAH, QUEEN ROCKS.
B00000AOUD|5.0|In my not particularly humble opinion, this is the greatest rock album of all time. Enough said!
6303823351|5.0|&quot;Help!&quot; is one of my all-time favorite movies, and I wasn't even alive during The Beatles' prime!  Their music is and will always be legendary, as I believe this movie should be.  Though the editing and such  are as good as one can expect from 1965 and the acting won no awards, the  humor and spirit of the Fab Four is captured in a hilarious plot and  unlikey string of events.  It's this lack of seriousness that makes one  feel happy and want to watch it over and over again.  In viewing  &quot;Help!&quot;, you almost feel you wish you were living with them,  despite the tragidy of Ringo's situation.  I give it 5 big shining stars!  :-)
0792151712|1.0|It's sad how standards for excellence have sunk so low as to elevate &quot;Titanic&quot; as the best movie ever.  I hope and pray that most of the people saying this are immature teenage girls who have yet to know what  a good movie really is (i.e. It *can* have all &quot;ugly&quot; people in  it).  This movie is boring, drawn-out, re-cycled from 1000 other movies,  crap.  The only thing of interest was the Linux-driven special effects  which were pretty amazing.  <br />Other than that, Leonardo and Kate need to  go to acting school, or better yet, get a job at McDonald's or  something...poor unbelievable acting from them.  YES, they're great  looking, but that does not make a good movie.  James Cameron should stick  to Terminator sequels, at least those movies were imaginative.
B000002BBY|5.0|First of all this cd is just plain awesome.  Its one of those albums that I can listen straight through without skipping to the next track.  This was Oasis' breakthrough album and they deserve all the success they received  from it.  My favorite track on the album is without-a-doubt &quot;Cast No  Shadow.&quot;  Its a lovely song that I can listen to over and over again  without getting sick of it.  The rest of the songs are wonderful with Liam  Gallagher's lyric and his brother Noel's tremendous background vocal (ex.  &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot;).  Does anyone else think Noel sing  all the songs since his voice is so great?
0688171664|5.0|I read this book many years ago, while still in my teens.  It had a profound impact on me.  I don't think this is for the serious philosophy student.  But I do recommend it as a starter title in the area.
B000006045|5.0|my introduction to massive attack, this is nothing like what i expected. brittle, haunted voices float over this the lumbering, tormented collection of acoustic layers. and what layers- sounds from the far east, throbbing  precussions, jazz influences, noises from god-knows-what brass machine  grinding itself to death. elizabeth fraser's voice is sexy, menacing and  heartbreaking all at once. wonderful stuff!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher is fabulous and as usual sincere about her music I WOULD RECOMEND HER MUSIC TO ALL MY FRIENDS.
6304711921|5.0|I recall a viewer from Edmond who thought this movie was &quot;to&quot; violent; it scared his/her little brother. This observation shows not only his/her lack of respect for cimena, but also his/her apparent inability to  pay attention to simple grammar. Listen, man: I know that Edmond may be a  sheltered Oklahoma town, but you've got to realize that your little brother  is no film critic. If he's scared by it, so what? I don't mean to sound  like a jerk, but what did you yourself think of the film? Eh? Why didn't  you write something positive, like &quot;Wonderful animation&quot;, before  trashing it like it were &quot;Best of the Best, part 2&quot; or something?  I loved the film. It inspired me. I like to think that I can never change  who I am and that whatever happens to me is what happens. This film gave me  respect for myself and my surroundings. I used to think poorly of Oklahoma.  It's boring, but it's my town. Go to your Bible Studies meeting and stop  blaming things on movies.
B000007OY0|5.0|I thought this movie was great. It was absolutely terrific. I think that this movie was and is the best movie I have Ever seen.
0553108034|5.0|Part 2 is even better than the original!  The male AND female characters (a real first in fantasy) are complex, convincing, and crucial.  You'll root for old friends and make new ones.  Chapter endings made me gasp with  horror and laugh out loud.  Sign me up for part 3 now!
B00000JG41|5.0|to the mainstream ear it could sound like chaos, but MAN  this  stuff  is IN ORDER.<br />dig into THIS.  something COMPLETELY all it's OWN.
B000002OVJ|5.0|One of the best rock albums ever produced
B00000JPH6|5.0|Director Jim Henson's truly unique style is missed with his passing, especially since films like this one have made so much impact. This film is a wonderful example of how beautiful puppeteering can be in place of  computer animation. The design by Brian Froud, author and illustrator of  the book &quot;Faeries&quot;, is equally breathtaking. This film, like its  sister &quot;Labyrinth&quot; is one of the best fantasy films to come out  of the eighties.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Sony has pushed the edge of the DVD technology envelope again with its special edition release of &quot;Ghostbusters&quot;.  Anyone who owns a DVD player MUST rush out and purchase this disc.  Why buy &quot;Enemy of the  State&quot; from Buena Vista with its non-anamorphic transfer and paltry  extras when &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; has EVERYTHING that could possibly be  fit onto a single-sided disc, including a beautiful wide-screen transfer of  this now-classic film?  Want your money's worth?  How about a bunch of  deleted scenes?  Want more?  O.K., here are two featurettes.  Not satisfied  yet?  Alright.  You get production notes that can be accessed as you watch  the film and extensive DVD-Rom content. Top it off with a full-length  commentary by the associate producer, director, and one of the stars,  Harold Ramis (who also co-wrote the script).  Even better, the trio of  commentators can be seen (or not -- your choice) in shadow at the bottom of  the screen ala &quot;Mystery Science Theatre 3000&quot; as they comment on  the film.  It's an ingenious use of DVD's multi-angle capabilities.  And  you get all this at a price less than that of the bare bones DVDs being put  out right now by Disney and Fox.  A classic movie on a full-featured DVD.   Simply put, this is a MUST-HAVE!!!
0800132009|5.0|The film is an instant classic.  It portrays the horrors of war with an ultra-human determination that is inherent to the British prisoners of the plot.  The tangible valor and discipline that is woven into the fabric of  &quot;Bridge on the River Kwai&quot; is a tribute to the art of  movie-making.  It is a true masterpiece of epic proportions.
6305451591|5.0|Don't be hesitant because this is a foreign film.  It is a truly wonderful film, and this movie is beautiful.
076781326X|5.0|Truly,one of the best movies ever made. The acting,singing,and dancing are all terrific. By the way, just a fun fact, the two actors who protrayed Fagin and Dodger were both nominated for Oscars. Pretty impressive&gt;
0783110928|5.0|this wonderfully tragic story is one of the best movies i've ever seen. it touches you no matter who or what you are. it's one of those movies where i can't help but to talk to the characters out loud and yell,  &quot;NOOOOO!&quot; whenever you *know* something bad is about to happen. i  don't even know how many of my friends i've persuaded to watch this and how  many more i will. it's one of those films where you don't fall for the  actress half as much as you do for who she portrays, the personality, the  attitude. after the first time i watched it, i watched it again twice more  within the next 24 hrs. this one truly is a must see.
0780624890|4.0|One of the coolest films of the 90's. The violence in this film fits like a glove. Stephen Dorff and Udo Kier are great! I give it 3,5 stars.
6303921248|5.0|I cannot but picture Miss Austen watch this splendid BBC version of her most significant work: &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; with delight. What probably would have pleased her most is the casting. The actors are all  superb - every part from Darcy and Elizabeth down to various insignificant  servants and officers is vividly brought to life. They are not only  &quot;good&quot; - they &quot;are&quot; their characters in a most  impressing way. There is much humour in this production, much of it that, I  am sure, the author herself never thought of, but that fits perfectly into  the genre and the general atmosphere of the story. Also, the humour never  steals the focus from the serious aspects of the story. What more is there  to say? The costumes and the setting is beautiful and the direction very  good. The only thing I missed were a couple of scenes at the end of the  book, which were excluded from the screenplay. But one cannot have it all -  and I, too, see that the scenes of the last episode are so well balanced  and go so well together that an additional scene or two probably would only  have had a disturbing effect. I cannot imagine how a television version of  &quot;P &amp; P&quot; can possibly be done better. Highly recommended!
B000000IVN|5.0|In Utero. The second book in the 90's rock bible.  When last has a musician captured (or taken hostage) the whole music industry?  When will it happen again?   In Utero was one of the all time best albums, up there  with the White album.  Angry, but truthful.  Letting it be known that rock  can still be raw, primitive, and sound better live.
B00000IO4J|5.0|This I should say is one of the best thrillers I've seen in a long time. If you are someone who likes a story that jumps out at you well check this one out. It's better than In Dreams, Scream, Halloween H20. I didn't think  that it was that gory or violent because they don't really show the  violence, you have to use your imagination.
6305126976|5.0|This movie is an example of film perfection.  Brilliant acting along with a story that makes the true nature of love, happiness, and human nature come out.  It never gets boring, I think that everyone should see this  movie as many times as it takes, for everyone has a heart.
0451160916|5.0|This book does live up to its reputation as one of the great modern horror novels.  It may have a slow start, but quickly becomes a page turner.  The back story, and &quot;ghosts&quot; are played perfectly...not too much is  told.  Very creepy!
0804106304|5.0|I read the JOy Luck Club for a school report and enjoy every minute of it. Each individual story of each woman is very realistic and very personal. It gives you a feeling that you are reading their diaries. Most stories  include each womans childhood and romantic life. For ages 10 and up.  STRONGLY suggest to all woman and men with a senitive side!
B000009ED0|5.0|I always told people i like all kinds of music except rap and country and kidd rock is both! He puts it all on a level with such a kickin beat, metal, and funny lyrics its soooooooooooooooo cool! I bought the cd for  bawitdaba but i love all the songs and i think some are even better than  that single. Real diverse cd all songs are original and one doesn't sound  like the next. You just have to have it!!!!  I can't say all the good  things about it you just gotta get it yourself and see. If you like Rage,  and beastie boys you'll for sure like this.
B000002ADT|5.0|If you like jazz than you have to have the mother of all jazz cds, kind of blue by Miles Davis. This cd has some of his best stuff ever. Like his world famous track So What. Again, I really recomend this great cd to all  of you jazz fans.
B000002UDB|1.0|This CD sucks.  I don't like it at all. I'm a HUGE Beatles fan, but this one doesn't pass. Buy Sgt. Pepper, the best album ever made.
0385486804|5.0|Krakauer examines the tendancy of youth to see the world in terms of themselves and the notion that they are brave new people on a voyage no one else has ever taken before.  He puts his own experience in the book as an  example of how such thinking can cause one to over reach her/his own  ability.  He paints a picture of McCandless as a person disillusioned with  the rules, the need to fit in, and unwilling or unable to make deep  connections.  In short, Krakauer makes us connect with that part of  ourselves which has rushed headlong into situations without heed to  understanding why we need to see the world in black and white.  His  airbrushing of the locals in Alaska and the us/them (not everyone is that  way, as he notes) description is a telling commentary on the social  situation globally.  Krakauer's case study could be used in a variety of  socio-economic settings to understand why people put themselves at risk and  at a distance from the perceived majority which is oppressing them.   Indeed, I saw myself and the lovely feeling of leaving everything and  everyone behind and just hitting the road.  What an unencumbered rush!
0606002006|5.0|I read this book both in english and in my language version. I've been moved by the truth behind this tragical story. I hate George. He thought he owns his friend's life, the friend who would never hurt him nothing for  god's sake. If it turned out that he remained his whole life working in the  ranch and spent his fifty bucks a month in whore house, it was because he  did it for himself.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I've followed the Chili Peppers' career through the years and must say that this CD is their best work yet.  Somewhat more mellow than some of their earlier funk-inspired stuff, this CD is more listenable and more  musically significant than most earlier works.  Great CD - highly  recommended...
0394810112|3.0|I viewed this book just because it was mentioned by many people I'm talking with. It is fine, Dahl has done good for selling his dream. I, however, still don't understand his point to add fantasy in most part of  this book. I consider it too much fantastic. Even if you are young, this  book will give you not much more thing than making you hungry!
B0000047CX|5.0|This is a wonderful album that just gets better as the years go by. I recommend it and Gilberto's &quot;Chega de Saudade.&quot; There is also great background material about &quot;Getz/Gilbert&quot; and bossa nova in  the book &quot;The Brazilian Sound,&quot; which definitely adds to one's  appreciation of the music.
B000002L5I|5.0|I recently bought this CD,mainly for the song &quot;Blue On Black&quot;,and was surprised at how good the rest of the songs were.Most CDs only have a few good tracks that get air time on the radio stations,but  I liked every one of the songs on this one.I guess I'll have to make room  on my shelf next to Stevie Ray Vaughn for the rest of Kenny Wayne  Shepherd's recordings!
B000005JXG|5.0|This recording turned me onto the band, and over the years I have purchased everything the band has recorded.  If you dig this band, but the album.  If you dig good music, buy this album.
0790736314|5.0|This movie is in my opinion the master horror flick...it scared me when I watched it and I still haven't fully gotten over it...The reason it is so scary is that it hits right near home...it asks the real questions...is God  real?  What if this happened to me??  Now the real question for me is...do  I want to read the book???
6302797586|5.0|I remember seeing this movie back in the 70's and to this day the story has stayed with me.  I too hope that the studio will make it affordable, not only in VHS but DVD.
B000000XCF|5.0|This album brings back great times and good memories. Listening to &quot; Fortunate Son, Down on the Corner and It Came Out of the Sky&quot; are timeless classics. John's lyrics, from these songs and others, even though  they're 30 years old are just as true today as they were when the songs  were released. My son, who is 15, also ranks CCR as #1! The groups  popularity seems also to be big with his generation as his school voted CCR  the 5th most popular band at his school for the year!
6300214826|5.0|When I first seen this movie I was awestruck at just how good the makers of this movie portrayed the seasoned vet. I am a war vet of Desert Storm and military vet of 20 years and counting. No I haven't been to Vietnam, I  was just too young.
0780627024|5.0|This book brought out the racial issue in a rather intresting, underestandable way. It made me think and I think this is the best movie ever made.
B00000J8EK|2.0|I bought this CD at the same time as Play by Moby and Beaucoup Fish by Underworld. Unfortunately I had to keep reminding myself to listen to it, just to make sure I wasn't missing anything. All in all, I found the whole  CD pretty boring. The first two tracks are kind of catchy, but nothing that  will stick in your mind and drive you to pop the CD in your stereo as soon  as you think of it.
0380973464|5.0|I literally just finished this book and am startled to find myself considering reading it again after 900 pages.  Stephenson sculpts an enthralling tale spanning three generations of World War II heros,  crypto/math geniuses, treasure hunters, government haters, crypto-hating  governments, prisoners of war cum successful business men amidst  reconstruction, submariners, steamy impromptu sex, and technobubba-geek  profiling.  Also divinely placed, as opposed to thrown in: techno-thriller  action, an internet venture company, a corrupt Chinese general, a  down-to-earth understanding of those weirdos waiting for cybernetic  implants, a card game called Solitaire that is more then it seems, Cap'n  Crunch &amp; ice cold whole milk, masturbation, and people more paranoid  than I am who turn out to be right.  It's effect on me: total enjoyment,  neglecting of work, friends, and my girlfriend, topping off my paranoia  tank, and my open invitation to Neal Stephenson should he ever visit this  town. <br />The book switches contexts between its two theatres of the tale:  the World War II time frame and the present day time frame.  The two  stories are intertwined with each other, each section spawning the next,  even though they are in separate time frames, like teeth on a temporal  mobius zipper.<br />None of the technology in this book is far-fetched.  It is  all done with today's technology.  Do not worry: You need not be a  cyber-crypto-math guru to understand, as it is explained pretty clearly.   You might even gain some insight into technobubben as well as picking up  some knowledge yourself.  The book may seem to barely skate into the sci-fi  category, but the real reason for the sci-fi classification is the concept  that is the basis for forming the company Epiphyte.  This is a core part of  the story, so I shan't spoil it for you.<br />Start reading this book.  Go  ahead...pick it up in the store and read the first part or read the excerpt  at the web site.  The bookwill justify itself.  Don't worry about the  typos.  If they really bother you, just grin quietly, pull up a notepad,  and think about steganography.
B000000WCA|4.0|To be a male and be a fan of the Spice Girls for reasons other than sex, is a rarity. The Spice Girls have revived the boy/girl band fever and lived to tell about it. Long live Spice Girls, even without Geri Haliwell.
006017322X|5.0|I read this one after having been told for ten years that &quot;I cannot believe you've read so many books and missed this one!&quot;  I had balked because I know that this book is routinely assigned to eighth graders, and  was concerned that I'd be underwhelmed by the novel's level of  &quot;sophistication&quot;.  I can happily say that my apprehensions were  ridiculously misplaced.<br />True - the writing is generally pretty facile,  only occasionally brilliant: &quot;...like Mount Everest, she was cold and  there.&quot;  This notwithstanding, the development of theme, and the  beautiful ideals described by this novel make it both timeless and  necessary.  Harper Lee has done that to which we should all aspire:  extracted a kernal of nobility from the human experience.
0060926317|3.0|I enjoyed reading this fiction right before my trip to Austrailia.  The book is labelled as a fiction, but the author insist on making the readers to believe that her story is the factual accounts.   I took a guided tour  in Kakadu National park with an austrailian who was very knowlegable in  aboriginal culture and I asked the accuracy of the account relayed by Marlo  Morgan.  He reacted with anger saying that the book was full of inaccurate  references.    I wondered whether she actually spent any time in Austrailia  if she made such blatant mistakes.  Was she confused when she referred the  spider web like dream catcher is aboriginal?  I was told that she must have  borrowed it from American indian concept, but it is nothing to do with  aboriginal.
0060976624|2.0|I was given this book with a strong recommendation from a reliable source.  For the first fifty pages, I was delighted - irreverent, insightful, clever - even well-written in spots.  Buckley excelled at defining a  beautifully sardonic initial setting along with it's denizens.  His early  description of his protagonist justifying &quot;the industry's&quot;  position on television was absolutely delightful.<br />So why did I dislike  this book?  Because, after the intial glowing promise, the book became  trite.    Very trite.  Car chases, cartoonish villians, improbably flaky  Californians (which says something), elaborate setups, and some of the  worst dialogue since &quot;The Truth Machine&quot;.  I actually had to  painfully reread &quot;the big confrontation&quot; scene several times just  to make sure Buckley was really wanting us to believe it.  What is so  painful is that this book could have been a &quot;Catch 22,&quot; but  settles for being yet another NYT Bestseller.<br />In short, beautiful setup  and the promise of competent writing, but quickly loses focus and any  genius it might have posessed.  Read the first 50 pages.  Then put it down.
0380973464|5.0|This is an excellent book.  It has many unique and intelligent ideas.  It was difficult to put down... and that's difficult in itself.  (The book has a noticable weight factor.)<br />I am a highly technical person.  The book  doesn't need to take place in the future.  The intertwined story lines make  it quite interesting, but they aren't past and future, they are past and  present.  It's revisionist history, but possible -- and very well done.   Neal describes things for the non-techie too... but not so far as to insult  them.<br />The &quot;book&quot; really is a bunch of books, but I am very glad  that they were not arranged any differently.
6304490399|5.0|I saw this a young boy growing up around a motorcycle riding family. This movie continues to take my back to a simpler, more innocent time of my life. I will always treasure the memories of riding on the back of my dad's  Honda CB350 on trails where we never should have been able to survive!
6303589170|5.0|This movie really showcased Jeff Bridges talent, not to mention the wonderful but seldom seen in movies- Karen Allen. Bridges shows that he can pull off a multi layered role with ease. This movie made me cry, laugh  hysterically, and made my spirit soar all in the spanse of 2 hours. Truly a  remarkable and very thought provoking film. I wish they would make more  movies like this one and stop making so-so films about aliens like  INDEPENDENCE DAY or CONTACT.It seems the 1980s were the last decade of  decent sci fi movies. Oh please dont let this be So! A must see for all  ages.
0375707972|5.0|Many reviewers announce proudly that they figured out the secret of Hanna's illiteracy before everyone else did.  Of course, you were supposed to.  It is an obvious secret, just as the Holocaust was an obvious  atrocity.  But Hanna fooled everyone around her, just as the Nazis did.  <br />The point was that the society was wilfully blind, particularly towards  the flaws of an attractive young woman.  She was not all that bright, but  she manages to ask the question that should haunt us all:  &quot;What would  you have done?&quot; Maybe you are (a saintly) fool enough to have acted  without considering the consequences.  Maybe you would have taken the  minimalist, unemotional actions of the father.  Or would you have been the  bored SS officer, feet dangling into the execution pit, as he waits for the  day's killing to end?<br />I liked the novel very much, simply because of its  ambiguity.  Probably the best example is when the protagonist agonizes over  visiting the judge to tell him of Hanna's illiteracy.  He assumes that this  will clear her name, since she could not then have written the report that  damned her and her co-accused.  Does he tell the judge?  If he doesn't why  does he feel relieved?  If he does, why does this have no bearing on the  sentencing?  Was he worried about moral issues that had no bearing on  truth, or just not on the society's reaction to truth?<br />Germany in the  first half of the century was as advanced scientifically and socially as  any country.  Just consider the number of Nobel Prizes won by Germans in  the sciences and literature.  It was certainly less racist towards its  largest minority, the Jews, than America (and Canada) was towards blacks.   But something went terribly, inexplicably wrong.  This novel, like the  German experience, is a challenge to the myth of progress, to the  assumption that we can understand something by observing it, and to the  smug assumption that we would do the right thing.
B000001ELL|2.0|Sorry guys you know this review is true. The only good songs are from Ace and they are weak!! Yea I know this was your biggest international hit album but pluheeze!!!!!!! The cheese
6305079900|5.0|In this movie nearly everything is perfect. I have seen it about 30 times and I still love it like in  the first time. The special effects are really great for it's time. The action-scenes are awesome and they fit perfectly  in the movie. And that's not all: It also has a great and still realistic  story. The soundtrack is one of the greatest ever. Every Science Fiction-  or Action-Fan should watch this movie, although you may not like it if you  don't like dark movies. IT'S A MUST-SEE.
B000001ELR|5.0|The Hardest KISS ever. This is the album that most fans remember them from. Even though most of the songs are not catchy. The feeling from this collection is the KISS that people remember. The battle axe toting GENE.  The remastering though seems odd. I hear more bass and guitar in the  original C.D release? Though I like the fact that they returned to the  original cover and full versions of the songs!
6302909651|1.0|Once again Sharon Stone is in yet another terrible film. Her acting sucks big time also, but her breasts make the film very enjoyable. Seeing her in lingerie and getting those nice views of her chest saved the film. True,  she wasnt in perfect shape, but still the director knew how to save his  film (by asking Sharon to take her panties off).
0062511408|5.0|Paulo Coelho logra en este secillo libro llevarnos a conocer la grandeza que todos tenemos en nuestro interior. Nos ensea a segir nuestro corazon en la busqueda de nosotros mismos y de nuestros sueos. La grandeza de Dios  esta en las cosas secillas de la vida y en nuestro interior.
078401020X|1.0|Let's be honest about this picture. The only reason people watch it is to see Sharon Stone naked. EVERYTHING about the movie if terrible, but I would recommend the movie so people could marvel at the beauty of Sharon's  breasts and legs. She is truly mesmorizing.
6304056958|5.0|Even though this film was made in 1939, women of today can appreciate the humor.  This is one to see again and again.
0767802470|5.0|I have a collection of several DVDs, and this DVD represents the standard by which I judge all others; it's a white knuckle film which anyone can appreciate.  Besides presenting a truly great film, it has plenty of neat  extras which add to the package.
B00000JCOV|5.0|One of the most amazing artists to emerge since System of a Down easily. However i have to disagree with those who compare this to Korn. If Korn is the heaviest thing you listen to and you buy this, your pretty much going  to get the s*it kicked out of you. This is several times more intense then  anything by Korn. To fans of the &quot;real&quot; heavy stuff like Slayer  and Fear Factory, this is definatly for you!
0802130208|5.0|My husband and I listened to the audio version of Confederacy of Dunces on a road trip and were laughing so hard we nearly ran off the road. Artie Johnson does a superb job of making all the characters come alive. I wish  they would make a movie of this book!
0380973464|3.0|Stephenson has a gift for breathing vitality, energy, and wonder into scientific concepts which could easily become dull and lifeless.  _Cryptinomicon_ is a wonderful read.  But after reading _Diamond Age_ and  _Snow Crash_, it's become obvious to me that Stephenson *does not* know how  to subdue the ending.  For those who aren't aggravated by weak endings, and  for people who'd love to read the best spin on cryptography written, I'd  highly recommend this book.
6301247485|5.0|This brilliant screen  adaptation of F.Scott Fitzgerald's masterpiece captures what all movies adapted from books should capture. The story has not been changed or mutilated to fit some directiors vision, it is pure  Fitzgerald. Robert Redford and Mia Farrow realy embrace the characters of  Jay Gatz and Daisy and completely set the tone of the Jazz age. I highly  reccommend this movie and even more so the novel that it was born from.
1878574590|5.0|I've already reviewed this book previously about a year and a half ago, and I thought it would be interesting for those who are thinking of buying this book to see if they will enjoy it not only in the present, but for  years to come.    This storyline, and these characters are so intriguing  and fascinating that you can't help but read the tales again.  I've read  them all, and occassionally, you just get the urge to revisit this place  outside of reality, but then again, all so close.  The connection you feel  to the characters is something special if you can see yourself in them.   You can't help but come back every once and a while called Sin City.
B000002GF8|2.0|Eeeeeeeek! How sad that this fine band didn't bow out on a higher note. 'Mediocrity' is the key word here (OK, OK, it has one good song on it. And I'm not saying which one it is.) It also ties with 'Zenyatta Mondata' for  the title of the Ugliest Police Record Cover. Buy any of the other four  Police albums before you buy this one. Woof woof!
B000002MY3|5.0|Although most of Alanis' songs are overplayed to the point that they drive us crazy, pull out this CD if you haven't listened to it in a while, and you will realize, this is a classic album that has an eternal place in  American pop music.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Great album...ok, probably not as good as Smash, but up there. What I like about Offspring is that they never dissapoint...I bought Smash a couple years ago just for &quot;Come Out and Play,&quot; and what I found that  that song was actually one of the worst on the CD...that's how good it was!  A couple years later, I bought &quot;ixnay on the Hombre&quot; without  listening to even one song...it was amazing! Now, when  &quot;Americana&quot; came out, I only had heard the first single  &quot;pretty Fly...&quot; (who hasn't???) and I went out and got it...it  is, once again, AMAZING! I couldn't get &quot;Why dont u get a Job&quot;  out of my head...way before it was even played on the radio...I also love  the fast punker &quot;No Brakes&quot; as well an the obligatory teenage  angst anthem &quot;The Kids Aren't Aright&quot;. Anyway, if u r considering  buying this album...do! It's great...I don't know why Amazon.com says it  has explicit lyrics...it really doesn't...it doesn't even have a label or  anything...
0684867621|5.0|This book, entirely centered on a young girl, shows how such a girl can be creative enough, even in her deepest fears, to find the energy necessary to her survival in a very disturbing situation. Stephen King, for once, does  not use any kind of fantastique special effects to get through with the  story. And the girl shows how a model is used by her to sustain and nourish  her energy to fight and win. And that model is a young baseball champion (a  man mind you) with absolutely no open sexual innuendo, even if of course we  can analyze the book at a deeper level. Yet this model is too simple in a  way because it is too directly connected to her father. He is both a  surrogate older brother and a link to her divorced father. That is a little  simple. Yet, the psychology and the logic of the character is quite  surprising. And it is a moving book too.
B000002868|5.0|The first &quot;Weather Report&quot; album was quite a groundbreaking piece of work for its time.  It loses a little something with age, but anyone familiar with the time period will apreciate the originality and freshness of the art.
B000002LEE|5.0|This album is amazing from beginning to end, truly a landmark of modern rock.  Even today, it still sounds fresh.  No rock collection is complete without &quot;Nothing's Shocking.&quot;  One of my Top 10 Modern Rock  Albums of All Time, and the defining work of Jane's Addiction.
0767817478|1.0|I grew up in a simplier time.  This was the late 50's and early 60's.   As a kid I'd spend my Saturdays at the neighborhood theatre enjoying grade  B horror films from Roger Corman,  Hammer and, of course, the latest Toho  Godzilla movie. When I heard Godzilla was being remade into a multi million  dollar film I couldn't wait to see it.   Unfortunately I got my wish.   After seeing this new version of Godzilla I  had the same sinking feeling I  had  after seeing  Godfather III.  All the money the producers threw at  this picture can't save it.  A confusing script, an overdose of cheezy  computer generated effects,  sloppy editing,  mis cast actors, weak music  and alot of money waisted.   What is sad is the fact that the money was  there to make it right.  It all starts with a decent  script.  Give me King  Kong vs Godzilla any day over this mess.  Hopefully, someday,  Hollywood  will remember how to make films, not video games. Jamey Moore
0140177396|1.0|This book is kinda over-rated - it's by Steinbeck 'n everything but I couldn't read past the 20th page.
6301871952|4.0|This movie is so funny!  It's not a bit scary; I watched it with a six-year-old and she was delighted with it to the point of dancing around the room and singing.<br />Although this movie had absolutely no plot it was  wonderful comic relief, the music was the kind that makes you want to act  like a six-year-old ;) and the gremlins were so cute!  Mischeivous wacky  fun-loving adorable little creatures that won't let you stop smiling!
B00000JPH5|5.0|I've always loved this movie and now, after waiting and writing to the Jim Henson Company, its finally coming out!  This is an amazing flim, with a wonderful cast and script.  For all you fantasy lovers out there, this is  the film for you.  And any Henson fans too; snatch this deal up as soon as  you can.  If it were possible, I would give it more than five stars.
B00000FZ1V|4.0|&quot;Ghostbusters&quot; was one of my favorite 1980s films, and the DVD version is fantastic! The &quot;featurettes&quot; and outtakes are very interesting (they should have left a couple of those outtakes in!), the  special effects are great in frame-by-frame mode, and widescreen is (as  usual) the best viewing mode. So why only 4 stars? The DVD doesn't include  Ray Parker Jr.'s great video of the theme song.
0671015206|5.0|I am glad someone is finally complimenting me on my frugality.  I had a friend who saw this book on Oprah and bought it and she practically threw the book at me to throw in the trash.  She said it didn't make sense at  all.  The real reason is that it did not agree with her spending habits.  I  kept the &quot;free&quot; book and loved it.  It put me in a positive mind  set that you do not have to win the lottery to retire rich.  I like the  idea of long term money goals instead of getting rich quick and risking it  all.
B00000G3PA|1.0|This movie was sooo bad. It made Godzilla look like Schindler's List. If your looking for a good disaster flick see Deep Impact, but if your looking for the worst movie of 1998 go ahead and see this $hitfest.
B00000I9MK|5.0|Sometimes good things just happen. One such thing is Belle and Sebastian's &quot;Tigermilk&quot;. How good is it? As good as seminal debut albums such as The Smiths' eponymous debut. Stuart Murdoch is a superb lyricist and the  album is pure joy, let's hope that Belle and Sebastian keep churning even  more wonders, as if three magnificent albums are not enough.
0340738448|5.0|Notting Hill is my all-time favorite movie!  I have seen it 4 times, listen to the CD 24/7, so when I saw this book at Barnes and Nobles, of course I had to have it!  I had already begun to recite lines from the  movie, and this books is an absolute must-have.  Richard Curtis is the  ideal writer for romance..no, no, ANY movie!<br />Take a dive into the world  of Notting Hill and re-live the magic of the movie, some of the un-told  versions, and some behind-the-scene stories.
B000002KIK|2.0|Anyone out there who is planning to buy their first Black Sabbath album, beware: this shouldn't be it.  While Never Say Die is interesting to hard core Black Sabbath fans, it is not atypical of Sabbath music. <br />The slow,  crushing, mammoth Black Sabbath riffs we are all used to are entirely  absent here.  Instead, Iommi and company experiment, with mixed results.   The first three songs are the best this album has to offer.  &quot;Never  Say Die&quot; sounds like the music Ozzy would eventually do on his solo  albums, and &quot;Johnny Blade&quot; is just an all out rocker that sounds  like it could have been on Vol. 4.   &quot;Junior's Eyes&quot; seems to  have lyrics inspired by the death of Ozzy's father, which had a profound  effect on him and led to his quitting Sabbath for a brief period before  returning to record this album.  These three songs alone make Never Say Die  worthwhile.<br />Many of the other songs aren't quite as successful.   &quot;Air Dance&quot; is a unique Sabbath tune; there are no others like it  on any other album.  Even so, it isn't really all that memorable of a song  on its own merits.  &quot;Breakout&quot; is a jazz-influenced instrumental  with saxophones and horns that is quite nice, but doesn't belong on a  Sabbath album.  Bill Ward's vocals on &quot;Swinging the Chain&quot; are  awful; there is no polite way to describe it.  That's a shame, because that  may have been one of this album's stronger tracks if Ozzy had done the  vocals.  The rest of Never Say Die is rounded out with songs that are  entirely forgettable filler tracks.<br />If you already have all of Black  Sabbath's other albums, you may want this to fill out your collection and  see where the roots of Ozzy's solo career originate.  Otherwise, go get  Master of Reality or Paranoid, the all-time classic Sabbath albums.
B00000DHTF|5.0|Simply a must for avid Springsteen fans.  It covers most of his career and represents many phases of his music over time.  Simply a treasure to be cherished.  You'll want to talk about it with any other Bruce fans after  you get familiar with it (this does take a few listenings since it is over  60 songs worth).  It will leave you wondering and complaining why you  haven't heard much of it on the radio.  Although a few of the songs leave a  bit to be desired (primarlily on Disc 4), most of the 4 CD's deliver the  goods and you'll enjoy having many of the old &quot;b-sides&quot; in one  collection.  It is simply a masterpiece, enjoy!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Music doesnt get much better, if you like roc
B0000009OP|5.0|All that BS about JFK Jr and not a word about Mark Sandman....
630542828X|5.0|John Travolta is brilliant as personal injury lawyer Jan Sclictman who clearly gets in over his head in this story based on actual events. Robert Duvall, Kathleen Quinlan, And William H. Macy lead a supporting cast in  this must see DVD. I highly recommend it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have listened to Santana for 20+ years and I have always respected his search for his own tone and style. I have not always liked everything that he has put out. He is usually at his best when he is trying to please  himself, not some record company A&amp;R man. Supernatural is an excellent  album. Every song is a winner. I have heard some negative comments about  his collaborations. They are all excellent especially Put Your Lights On -  with Everlast, and Corazon Espinado with Mana. Carlos continues to make his  own mark on the world of music. I have turned many people, who usually do  not listen to latin music or even Santana music for that mattter, on to  this album. If there is a 5 star album this year, this is it.
0345423496|5.0|An excellent book and a worthy end to the odyssey series
6304198493|4.0|Within it's intricate plot and dialogue, this movie has you reeling from the beginning to end.  And, as the saying goes, &quot;Life mimics art.&quot;  In this movie it does so by having you thinking about how  simple it all is.  Just catch Kaizer Soczey (sorry for the spelling, but if  I'm wrong, then you spell it!), and we've solved our problem. But then you  realize that the true evil has been right under your nose the entire time.   By that time, it's too late, because, as Spacey says in what turns out to  be the final phrase of the movie, &quot;POOF.  Like that, he's  gone...&quot;
6305205620|5.0|Cunning Stunts is the finest concert that is ever recorded on any media.The pure,raw energy of Metallica on stage is enough to get an 80 year old on Valium going.The special effects used on stage are the best live  concert effects you will ever see,especially the pyrotechnics.They also  give their audience an entertaining evening with little  &quot;speeches&quot; between several songs.The DVD is also one of the most  technologically advanced on the market.By the way,my girlfriend is the one  headbanging along with Jason Newstead during Fade To Black.(DISCLAIMER:Any  data contained within this review may be slightly untrue/blatant lie)
6305537798|5.0|At first I really didn't want to see this movie:  it looked like a trendy little kids movie. But it's not. Yes, it's cute, and funny; but if you know the story, the antics are all the more hilarious. Definitely on my list of  must haves!!!
B000002JS6|5.0|Totally lovin this cd.  Just plain old unadulterated rockin roll. When the parents are gone i turn the title track up to 11 and watch the neighboors run for cover.  Buy it and you can too.
6303187064|5.0|I think this movie was one of Brandon's greatest because in this one he doesn't have to have martial arts to make someone like this movie but just being himself. Also in Rapid Fire most people liked it because he was doing  martial arts and you see his butt.
006016848X|5.0|This has been such an eye opener for me. I highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone whether in a relationship or not or even if you'd like to be in one. For men and women, this book sheds light on why men and women  behave the way they do. It's all about changing perspective and reaction  rather than changing personality (the way you perceive vs. the way you  are). It's about accepting and celebrating the difference between men and  women. After reading many passages, I found myself saying, &quot;Oh my  goodness, I can't believe I did that!&quot;<br />Buy it, read it, enjoy your  partner better!
6304341849|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  Everything about MAURICE is beautiful.  This film resonates as a fictionalized depiction of an unhappy early relationship in E.M. Forster's own life in which his love was  set aside by another man for empty social acceptability.  Maurice's  relationship with Alec is a healing one.  Some of the best scenes take  place when they are maneuvering around the people in their lives to find  themselves, ultimately, together and in love. They seemed to speak a secret  language to each other, without speaking. This movie opened my eyes in many  ways and changed my life.  It is one of a kind and brilliant.
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr. Bungle has always been in a class by themselves, and their take on AM radio music is strikingly ambivalent and rich.  Reminiscent of late Brian Wilson songwriting (the hermit years), Patton, Spruance, Dunn, Heifetz and McKinnon show the rest of the world what it's like to put thought and  arrangement into a song.  Ars Moriendi is pretty much the most listenable  elements off of Disco Volante merged with Stubb (a dub) cartoonery.  The  highlight of this disc has got to be Golem II: The Bionic Vapor Boy, a  rather stupid parody on 70's radio disco mixed with horror music and George  Clinton.  <br />Unfortunately, this great work of art will never acheive  anything beyond a cult following, as mainstream musical tastes have sort of  been in the sewer since about 1993.  Trust me, Bungle hasn't sold out, but  face facts, they aren't going to make another &quot;Mr. Bungle&quot;.  This  band has always been about creativity, and even though heavy guitar isn't  in abundance as it was on previous works, it still gets my pick as most  original album of the year.  In a rather useless rap-dominated music scene,  I WELCOME this with open arms.  I wish more bands would do stuff like this.   But it wouldn't sell.  So they won't.
B0000004V2|5.0|Never has a band captured my emotions and innermost feelings as the Roses have!!!  It was a dark day in my life when I heard they had broke up.  This CD, is in my opinion a select work of art that is worth far more than the  material that is was printed on.  Roses Live On!!!!
B00000I9MK|5.0|Oh boy I can finaly be legal, and listen to something with a label and coverart. I remember hearing Belle and Sebastian on late night Radio 1 on the Mark Radcliffe show, plugging this very same album (or at least the  original 1000 release version), I loved it but I was off to the US so it  seemed pointless to purchase (gnash of teeth). Anyway this album is on a  par with sinister and way better than arab strap, and in &quot;The state  that I am in&quot; Belle and Sebastian reached their finest moment. Buy  this and admit to yourselves there are some things the British just do so  much better.
B0000020C4|5.0|When I first bought this CD, the price made me cringe. After listening to both CDs, I would have gladly have payed more. Emotionally, this is one of the most powerful musicals ever adapted, and all of the characters are well  developed. You even feel sorry for Javert in the end. The quality of the  music is incredible and lyrics are clear even with the thundering  orcheastra. Also the included booklet is one of the best I've ever seen and  is filled with production shots. Only 1 thing annoyed me about this CD: the  applause. Obviously, it is difficult to separate Orcheastration or singing  from applause and those instances can be forgiven, but in many cases there  is no stage action and the applause just goes on and on. I think I timed  the included applause at the end of Act 1 at almost 15 seconds, and to boot  BOTH CDs start with applause. However when that is the only problem with a  musical this beautiful, it can easily be overlooked. Whether you are just  getting into Les Mis, or are a seasoned Les Mis fan, GET THIS SET.
B00000583F|3.0|This one has got BLACK SABBATH written all over it  and it's okay, though the songs aren't anything special. But the entire catalogue of Saint Vitus, a much better Sab-influenced band, has been deleted, so this is a good  enough alternative for Ozzy-era heaviness, if that floats yer boat.
0451191935|5.0|I recently read &quot;The Long Walk&quot;.  I think it was the best book I have ever read.  My favorite character had to be Hank Olson.  I needed to read the ending over and over again to believe it!  After some thought I  came to the conclusion that the dark figure at the end was death overcoming  Garraty.  You MUST read this book!  Stephen King makes it seem like you are  walking right with them!!  EXCELLENT!!!
B000002G60|5.0|Suzanne Vega, once an exquisite combination of folk music and progressive rock, turns to new and refreshing directions, such as bosa-nova and rock, while keeping that cool sound unique to her. after the birth of her  daughter and marriage to producer Mitchell Froom, Suzanne sounds much more  sexy and teasing than ever, and she does it excellent! songs like Caramel  or World Before Columbus stab you right in the heart, and that's the  essence of this album.. less cerebral, more emotional. but as Suzanne  always did, she did this one magnificently lovely. I'd give it three thumbs  up if I had an extra thumb...
6303443192|5.0|I think that this movie is one of the greatest vampire movies ever made. The actual story line stays very close to the book and the way that the actors portrayed the characters is exqusite. The plot was captivating yet  realistic.
0452277752|5.0|My God! What can compare with this book? All four stories are psychological masterpeices, examining madness of all kinds. I truly believe &quot;The Long Walk&quot; is a literary work of art. It delves into the  human mind, examining how the mind encompasses death and what life really  means. &quot;Rage&quot; shows the inherent flaws in a &quot;sane&quot;  society and completely turns the table on it's readers.  &quot;Roadwork&quot; is chilling in it's own way, and the setting and  characters  make it come alive. Finally, &quot;The Running Man&quot;  recreates some aspects of &quot;The Long Walk&quot;, depicting a man  literally running for his life. The climactic ending WON'T be forgotten.  And for all those who say &quot;The Long Walk&quot; ended poorly, see if  you can find and ending to an epic story like this one that fits the topic,  death, so well. The final mystery is not to be revealed.
B000002H97|5.0|I don't think it is fair to say that this is a 'sell out' album.  I read complaints from &quot;true&quot; fans saying that Metallica took a break and came back with a different, more current sound.  I try to think of what  I'd do if I were in a very successful band.  I think I would want to expand  my audience as much as I could - which is what they did.  How long can you  keep playing the exact same thing over and over? All bands change and  progress.  (Look at the Beatles, tell me they didn't have some VERY  different sounds.) I don't think they wanted to intentionally upset their  'true fans'. I have liked Metallica for about 12 years now - but I have  never been a die hard fan. This is my husbands CD and I LOVE IT! I don't  listen to hard rock music all that often but I find this CD very enjoyable!   I think that they've proven their talent even more by being able to cross  over into a whole new fan base. I have heard other Metallica CD's and I  think this is a good one to get to know their music. It won't scare a new  (potential) fan away by being too hard.  This is an excellent CD! That is  just my opinion.
B00000I9MK|4.0|Of course there are those of us who criticize the extremities of Amazon.com reviews. (Five stars if it's good, one star if its anything less than that) So while &quot;Tigermilk&quot; has barely left my CD Player  since its July 13 release, I can't give it a full five.  It's got the  simplicity and pinash of &quot;Sinister,&quot; which is nice, following the  pleasant, but overall disapointing &quot;Arab Strap.&quot; I had no idea  there was a &quot;first&quot; album out there so when I heard it was going  to be released, I hoped it would sound more like &quot;Sinister.&quot; And  it does. Arguing qualities of music is pretty pointless, because its the  most subjective art form out there (moods, tones, tastes, sentimental  value, anything else all seem to determine wether or not we like a song...  and even then for how long we like it). But if you liked  &quot;Sinister,&quot; this album is a good choice. It's simple, catchy, and  a little more poignant than your average top 40 act. If browsing samples,   pay attention to &quot;She's Losing It&quot; and &quot;The State That I am  In.&quot;
B00000J2KT|3.0|What on earth?? I bought the Stanley Kubrick Collection and this movie (one of my all-time favorites) and the Shining are Standard Format! What's up with that? The rest of the films are widescreen, but these two are not.  You've been warned!
B00000DGUG|4.0|I bought &quot;Infatuation Junkie&quot; the day after it came out, and that was awhile ago. I was sold when I heard &quot;Front Row&quot; at a listening station. However, I never got into it, and it sort of worked its  way to the back of my CD folder booklet what-not. Several months later, I  decided to give it a few more listens. And suddenly, it was like a new  album. I don't know if its some perspective thing or what, but this album  has really grown on me. Because &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; was so damn  angry and catchy, we expected similar things. But thankfully, Alanis  dropped the popped-up electric Ani DiFranco imitation, and traded it for  her own voice.  Listening to the album, you can hear the difference between  the angsty teen that recorded &quot;Little Pill&quot; and the young  adult  trying to find her voice, her place, and herself. &quot;UR&quot; and  &quot;Unsent&quot; offer plenty of room for nostalgia, while &quot;So  Pure&quot; and &quot;Front Row&quot; offer nice bursts of energy, but they  seem like the vulnerable energies of a manic depressive; even at their  bounciest, they are aware of their own fleeting.  The awkwardness in the  album is a result of the amount of tracks. 18 is up there, and not all of  the tracks seem to live up to the album's potential. Cutting through the  forgetable moments, though, the listener finds a poignant album that  explores some deep corners. Alanis could have made a four star CD into a  five star CD, if she had learned the age old art rule of &quot;less is  more.&quot;
067942850X|5.0|I'll be honest, at the begining of this book I thought, \\"He's an idiot and he got what was coming to him.\\" However as I read the depth of Chris' character and the precision of Krakauer's narrative drew me into  Mcandless'life. John Krakauer turned a cautionary tale into a triumph of human  percevierence and the compexity of our character.
B00000IHHM|5.0|It is a must have for anyone with a heart or love of language and legend
B000002C1X|3.0|I've heard that &quot;The Wall&quot; is Pink Floyd's best, but when I bought it for myself and started listening to it, I realized that the other two albums I own, Dark Side and Meddle, are much better.  There are very  few songs that I listen to on &quot;The Wall&quot;.
B00000JIL1|5.0|After his eponymous first solo album, which is totally brilliant by the way, Rory and the band went into the studio with a few crates of Guiness and knocked out this album in a week (or so I've been told). It certainly  has a slightly rough feel to it though it doesn't capture the excitement of  his live performances. Excellent album all the same. Its great to see  Amazon making this available - I can at last replace my old vinyl copy. You  can't get it in Europe, surprisingly.
B0000042MY|3.0|I gave this piece an average rating because that's what it ended up at--average.  That is, when one considers the two or three tracks that are very nice (if a bit...repetitive) (Tracks 1, 3, and 6), and then places  them next to the *rest* of the soundtrack, which is really quite bad...you  end up with something that's average.  Or, to put it more to the point: Be  glad it's on CD, so you can skip the crap.
B000002JB3|5.0|I never heard Love Police on the radio, even though it was the best song on the entire album. I just never wanted the song to end. It's in your Eyes turned out to be the hit of the album even though Dance into the Light was  intended to be. The Same Moon is another one of Collins' beautiful love  songs. This wasn't Phil Collins' best but it still deserves five stars. And  to comment on one of the reviewers...this album was not garbage, and  Phil  has many black friends and co-musicians. Just because you didn't like the  album, don't force your racist tendencies upon us who liked it. By the way,  posting your message twice doesn't make you look much more intelligent than  you already are.
0684833395|5.0|To all those lamos who think that everyone likes this book just because everyone else does needs to get a clue. We all have different tastes and ideals and i personally had never known about this book and picked it  randomly from a list of books for a class and ill have to say it is one of  the best books ever written.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Finally there is a Phil Collins cd with all of his great hits in their original format. This album contains most of the great hits (but not all) &amp; it would have been even better if they had made it a two cd package  with all of Phil's hits or just noteworthy songs.   Two Hearts, A Groovy  kind of Love, Seperate Lives, Against All Odds &amp; Easy Lover  are six  songs that you won't find in any other one of Phil Collins' cds except for  the live album &amp; this one. If you want to hear them in their original  format, then this is the perfect album for you.
B000002L7J|4.0|I saw The Smiths live when they were promoting this album.  The live performance suffered a little as there was only one Johnny Marr on stage as opposed to the many guitar tracks on the recording.  But even so, it was  obvious that this was an album made by a band on the road from a promising  start and on their way to greatness.<br />This was Marr's first chance to  control the Smiths' sound.  It's an album that gives you a mix of short  sharp shocks and waves of melancholy deep enough to drown in.<br />The title  track is about as subtle as a snow plough, it's not to some people's tastes  but it's not a good idea to let Morrissey's more self-indulgent ramblings  colour your opinion of what is otherwise a breathtaking album.<br />If anyone  tells you it's not The Smiths' best album they simply haven't listened to  it often enough.
6305013578|1.0|If there were a 0-star rating, this would be it...<br />The video is horribly cropped, as if they transferred it by zooming in on a TV playing the movie. The print is grainy and overexposed, even for a 72-year-old movie.<br />The  sound is a joke; the score feels like they're playing Muzak over the  scenes. There's no connection at all to the action on-screen, and it is  almost like it is trying to be something out of Mozart.<br />Truly an awful  DVD, the worst I've bought.
B000003JBM|4.0|this is hip hop at its finest, inventive, original and in your face.  lyrics are smooth as well as street based and introspective.  I would recommend this album to anyone who really has a taste for hip hop.  Not  just some R&amp;B hyped rap.  This is a hip hop experience.
B000002HRE|1.0|What happened to the days when you could listen to a Metallica cd over and over and it sounded as fresh the first time as the last  i.e. Ride the Lightning, Master.  This release is as week as Load!  Metallica is rakin in  on the profits from you and I the fans that are taking chances on garbage  like this.<br />Megadeth is where its at!
6305426694|3.0|I found some parts unrealistic.  Overall, it was a satisfying enough rental.
B000002HMH|1.0|Load was a waste of my hard earned cash.  Save your money.  Over the last 3-4 years Metallica has shown us all that they have stopped growing musically.  They have sold out to corporate America! Check out Mustaine and  Co!
6304078102|5.0|Mr Holland's Opus is a wonderful movie about the life of one man and all the people he has touched over his 30 years of teaching...  ironically at first he didn't want to teach, and hated the job.  What really touched me  the most was his son, because I'm deaf too, and I experienced many of the  same frustrations growing up with my hearing parents.  The movie does an  excellent job of showing the extra challenges involved when a deaf child is  born to hearing parents.  I, like he was fortunate enough to have parents  who learned how to communicate with me...  if only more families were like  that....
B000002H2H|5.0|This Ride the Lightning and Master of Puppets are the two best overall releases by Metallica.  Kill Em is up there as well.  All Metallica's releases should be this good!
0780627024|5.0|What I find most amazing is the people that trashed the movie ... I happened to love it, but that's not what prompts my surprise.  What is so incredible me to me is that people looked to this movie to provide them  with insight and moral answers to difficult questions.  IT IS JUST A MOVIE  DESIGNED TO ENTERTAIN!!!  Yes, it does delve into some pretty heavy issues.   Yes, it does give it's own thoughts and feelings on the same heavy issues.   And, yes, it does ask you to accept obvious references to other movies.   But that is part of it's charm.  I would rather watch a completely  enjoyable movie and walk away ready to have a conversation with somebody  about how I felt about the issues/morals brought forth than to have a movie  that doesn't prompt me at all!!<br />If you're looking for a movie that  entertains, see Pleasantville.  If you're looking for a movie that makes  you think (one way or the other), see Pleasantville.  If you're looking for  a movie that isn't a cookie cutter version of what you just saw last week,  see Pleasantville.<br />And, most of all, if you're looking to have your own  opinion and your own way of looking at things (as the movie asks you to  do!!!!), SEE PLEASANTVILLE!!!!
6302860253|4.0|Not only did Leonard Maltin miss the boat on this one, but so have several of the reviews I've seen here.  This is a terrific video of CARMEN, and very failthful in spirit, if not always to the letter of Bizet's original.   Yes, the spoken dialogue has been adapted and made specific to the filmed  settings, and to the general &quot;opening out&quot; of the action, but  they succeed in fleshing out the action, amplifying the characters and  their motives and making the piece &quot;work&quot; as a movie, not just an  opera recording with lip-synching. As to faithfulness, there is no perfect  version of CARMEN.  Poor Bizet died 3 months after the opening and people  have been revising his work ever since.  This edition is very faithful to  the opera-comique original.  I don't give it 5 stars because (1) it isn't  perfectly sung and (2) some of the lip-syching doesn't make it.  But you  get used to it.
6303332609|5.0|I recently stumbled upon a dubbed copy of &quot;Killer Klowns&quot; at a local video store, They probably shouldn't have been renting it out, that being illegal and all(FBI Warning!). This film scared me as a boy of 8, and  now at 17 I can appreciate its camp value and the filmmaker's eye for the  stupid yet smart. All should seek out a copy!! Heck, you can borrow mine!!
B000005J56|5.0|Fans of John Fahey, Leo Kottke, Robbie Basho, and Will Ackerman know that American folk music played as an instrumental genre on the guitar has similarities to Indian Classical music. Ry Cooder and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt  state melodies that seem to have folk-based lyrics. They are at once  familiar, and new to the ear. &quot;Ganges Delta Blues&quot; sings itself  in the way that does &quot;The Water is Wide.&quot; That this music was  extemporaneous is testimony to the collaboration of two wonderfully musical  minds. Cooder sounds great. Bhatt pushes the envelope. This is a wonderful  CD, one of my favorites.
B000005JHP|5.0|This is in my opinion the best Kate Bush album ! The songs, the playing, the production... : everything is fine. Put your headphones and you are ready for an incredible experience. I think the best songs are  &quot;Babooshka&quot; (THE classic !), Army Dreamers and Egypt.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have heard of Sarah Brightman during the Phantom of the Opera peformance. And recently on the PBS special. Her voice and performace was truly incredible. This CD is a must for your collection. I got to see her  live in concert, and I was speechless.
0393039765|5.0|this book tore my mind a little.  for all who enjoyed it please read anything by thom jones you can get your hands on.  both of these authors land one in the solar plexus.
B000002J0P|5.0|One of the greatest albums ever made.Every song on here is classic
B000001Y42|5.0|THIS CD IS HARDCORE ITS REAL FRED REALLY LETS YOU KNOW HOW HE IS FEELING.  I'VE HAD THIS CD SINCE 97' AND I STILL LISTEN TO IT. WES CAN PLAY THE QUITAR LIKE A MAD MAN.  THIS CD IS BETTER THAN SIGNIFICANT OTHER CAUSE ITS  NOT ALL THAT HIPITY HOPITY STUFF.  BUT I STILL GIVE SIGN. OTHER 4 STARS.  I  SENN THEM IN CONCERT WITH STAIND AND SIMON SAYS AND THEY ALL ROCK.  C-YA'LL  LATER AND KEEP ROCKIN!!!!!!!!
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree is one of those great albums that doesn't come around very often. The beautiful music under Bono's meaningful lyrics makes this album an absolute gem. Anyone who likes pop music at all, buy this CD. Best  albums of the past 15 years:Crash by Dave Matthews Band, Mellon Collie and  the Infinite Sadness by Smashing Pumpkins, and The Joshua Tree by U2.
B000002NIW|5.0|if you like korn, limp, pantera, or any kind of heavy hardcore music you will love deftones.  they are totally by far one of the best bands ever and they have their own kind of sound.  if you ain't got this cd and you like  heavy music you must have it.  get adrenaline too!!!!!!!
6301986024|5.0|The talent that went into this production was quite staggering: McQueen, Dunaway, Jewison, Ashby (editor), Wexler (cinematography) and LeGrand (soundtrack).  And, rarely though it happens, all that talent adds up to a  great and largely forgotten classic.  Cast against type, McQueen gives an  interesting performance as a thrill-seeking millionaire/bank robber.  All  the more interesting since Sean Connery turned down the role and McQueen  had to push in order to get the part.  Dunaway never looked better and it  is arguable that you would be hard-pressed to find a more beautiful visage  on film anytime or anywhere.  Shocking at the time due to the  &quot;bad&quot; guy's triumph in the end, the film's &quot;swinger&quot;  soundtrack and collage visual techniques are tastefully handled for the  most part.  Check out the &quot;extended kiss&quot; and sail plane scenes  for classic recall.
B00000JCB2|4.0|WHATS UP FRED, WHAT HAPPENED TO THE YELLING AND HARD QUITAR RIFFS. I WISH THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN MORE SONGS LIKE TRUST AND BREAK STUFF, BUT THIS IS A GOOD CD.
6304233639|1.0|Only reason I saw this is because of compulsion towards Sci-Fi. What a waste of time. How the hell could a race powerfull enough to build heavily armed floating cities and transport them across interstellar distances  be  fowled by a man made computer virus.  Yeah right, that would be like a  Bronze age man trying to figure out how to sink the entire US Navy using a  captured laptop. Not to mention bad, script, acting, plot eugh!
0670881791|2.0|I read this for a book club, and as a chocolate fiend, was excited.  While it was a quick read, how many cups of hot chocolate can you hear described?  The characters were poorly developed and therefore, one dimensional; I was  never able to picture any of them.  The narrator Vianne, was not likeable,  but rather, self righteous and unnessarily provocative of the mores of the  town. Although I am not a Catholic, I found the church-bashing outmoded and  hard to take.  All in all, a mediocre novel.
B00000DFMM|5.0|In the mid-80's, master producer Trevor Horn (ex-Buggles and Yes) and his mates at ZTT were forces to be reckoned with. Amidst the frenzied hype of the Art of Noise and Frankie Goes to Hollywood came this gorgeous &amp;  glossy techno-pop album from Germany that still stands as a pillar (if not  a benchmark) of what great 80's music was all about. While the album  reaches lofty heights not only in Lipson &amp; Horn's production but its  subject matter: a collage of Teutonic industrial futurism, mock-fascism,  sadomasochism, sacrilege and European romanticism &amp; intrigue.  Amazingly, it never becomes overly pretentious or blatantly  controversial.<br />This reissued version finally includes the B-side  &quot;Frozen Faces&quot; which has been available on the UK version for  some time now, as well as an expanded 6-minute version of &quot;Jewel&quot;  which was never released in the US (to my knowledge). A necessary addition  to any pop music collection.
B0000021RB|5.0|When listening to the great guitar riffs of Poem 58, Liberation or Southern California Purples you can hear the guitar genious of Terry Kath coming through loud and clear. 30 years later and very few albums have rivaled this ones intensity. Just proves that there once was a great band  here before they switched to playing nothing but love songs.
0812550706|4.0|This is one of the more interesting science fiction books out there -- you can understand whats happening through out without a dictionary near by.  : )  I was reading it and loving it, until the chapter called &quot;Ender's  Teacher&quot; where I became a little annoyed with the story for some  reason.  I think it was because of the way that the aliens were depicted.   I crossed my fingers after picking it up again and read furthur, and  realized that Card manages to pull it all together in a way that is  more-or-less appropriate to the rest of the book.  Still, Ender is  practically -controlled- in the whole story, and there were a few chapters  where it was almost OVERWHELMING.  I mean, Ender is smart and everything,  but everyone around him is one step ahead.  A good book, though, and the  End of the World/Giant parts were absolutely fascinating.  If you liked  this novel, try DUNE, which is not as similar and a little better (though  of course if I studied it a little more, I would be able to pull it apart  by naming all of its flaws!).  A major &quot;redeeming&quot; factor here is  the use of the ansible.  I was laughing and shuffling through my Le Guin  books.  Way to go, Mr. Card.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Ok i admit that i really don't like the sign. other as good as three dollar, but this cd still rocks.  i've listened to bizkit since 97' and they totally got their own style. im so sick of hearing this thing called  rap/metal, thats bull **** it's called limp bizkit style. i seen them in  concert with staind and simon says in louisville and they rocked!!!!  P. S.  staind is awsome look them up toooo!!!!!!
B000002LQQ|5.0|Dire Straits fans have to be the most frustrated on earth.  It takes forever for this band to make a record...but oh man, when the time comes, it's really terrific. This album is characteristic of a Knopfler work...packed with emotion, impecably clean, and dead-on.  This is an  excellent group with a distinctive sound all their own.  Sure, Knopfler's  personality is a bit much, but it becomes almost charming in his music...he  does deliver the goods.  Can't say much negative about this album; a great  effort all the way around.
B0000009W9|5.0|I don't know where Rickey Wright(?) is coming from, what with his comparing _Imperial Bedroom_ to _Painted from Memory_.  The Costello/Bacharach collaboration is indeed wonderful, but nowhere near the experimental forcefulness of _IB_.  As for the _King of America_  comparison...well, that's a call, but if I had to take the ol' island test,  and had to have only one with me, I'd opt for _IB_ (esp. if it was the  Rykodisk edition).  But then again, tastes are like...well...some of you  know where I'm going.  If I actually thought more than two people would  read this, I would substantiate my opinions.  Just one man's opinion...man  name-a Smith.
B00000J8EK|4.0|very good... not just typical big beat stuff, rather, electronic of all sorts.. much more expansive than other artists in same tech-popular genre.
B00000ICD9|4.0|I don't normally plonk down a decent amount of money to purchase a DVD of a film I never saw in the theater or rented on VHS, but &quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; (WDMC) was made for DVD and DVD was made for films like  &quot;WDMC&quot;.<br />I had read the movie reviews (very mixed) when it was  in the theaters but I never got around to seeing it.  On DVD this film  becomes a &quot;must see!&quot;.  I am very happy that I bought it, even at  near full price, as it is definitely a &quot;re-watch&quot; addition to my  limited collection.  <br />The Oscar it earned for its visual effects was  extremely well deserved (and actually got me re-interested in seeing the  film on DVD). Spectacular visuals, moving score, excellent audio effects  and special features available on DVD only (Beautiful PC Wallpaper  downloads and an alternate movie ending).<br />I SO wanted this to be one of  the great films of all time -- it isn't; it could have used more character  development so we care more about the characters besides just the Robin  Williams character -- but if you want your DVD player to blow your socks  off and stretch the limits of the home entertainment medium, this has a  chance to be, and remain, one of the great DVD releases of all time.  The  DVD conversion is great; the disc will &quot;drip&quot; from your TV and  speakers.  The acting performances are excellent, considering how easily  they could be lost by the computer generated visuals.  It's the script that  could not bear the weight of the film and even so, it is not a bad script  at all really, just should have been more memorable and less plodding.<br />It  is also a great movie to watch with your spouse or significant other.   Watch it on a day when you are ticked off at something somebody did that  day -- cut you off on the road; was rude to you at work; bothered you at  home -- and you'll treat the REST of that day, and many more, with a whole  new outlook. Four 1/2 stars out of Five.
6303997198|2.0|I would award this film one star were it not for the strong performances by Streep and Eastwood.  However, there is the inescapable fact that this movie is a syrupy toast to the &quot;wonders&quot; of adultery.  Of course  adulterous affairs are potentially more romantic than committed  relationships:  they are generally shorter, more like courtship and less  like the sometimes grind of the daily round, and -- most importantly --  novel.  Now, I cannot speak from experience on that; and I hope I never  will.  But finally, as painful as much of this movie is, the book is ten  times worse.  That man simply cannot write (e.g. &quot;he was a strange  stranger&quot;); I am ashamed for us all that it ever topped the bestseller  lists.  Fortunately, its -- and this film's -- 15 minutes of fame are  apparently long since over.
0790729989|1.0|I saw through this film immediately.  I knew what was going to happen, and how it would end.  Anyone with enough sense to consider which of the deadly sins haven't yet been enacted will be two steps ahead of this tedious,  overly self-conscious movie.
B000002AHM|5.0|Fast and furious, but it still makes sense. The predominant sound is flamenco, so if you don't like flamenco, stay away. If you love fast and challenging guitar listening, this is it!
078322706X|5.0|I have watched Meet Joe Black three times and eventually bought the video tape. At first, nothing more but trying to catch up with the story, language, actors' move. It was the logic mind walking through the movie.  The second time is sensational. Two days I got obsessed. Tears along with  profound feelings poured out of rigid daily routine life. The greatness of  the movie has to be adored because what else we can expect from an art  work? It is not something a viewer appreciates in distance, like most good  movies in mainstream. This one goes into mind, talking to the soul, to the  very bottom of heart. Funny how, then I searched through the web to find  piece by piece reviews about the actors and the movie.  After read almost  all the critics, the third time the movie is just as plain as what was  criticized by the critics, lengthy, slow paced, Brad Pitt, language,  ...<br />So I am convinced that movie like Meet Joe Black is about personal  experience, if it is viewed by eyes with trust, by minds free of fixed  concepts. It's about art recreation, about you the viewer. I haven't seen a  great movie like this for a long long time.
0708981461|5.0|This book is one of Arthur Hailey's best books and well worth reading, both for insights into another industry (which Hailey always does well) and for well-constructed characters.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I bought the CD for &quot;Nookie.&quot;  But I also bought it because I wanted to see how their other songs were.  At first, there were only a few songs on this CD that I liked.  But after listening to it a couple of  times, I like the whole thing.  Except that Matt Pinnfield thing at the  very end is pretty lame.  The songs are full of lyrics that represent  reality for so many people, I think that I like that the most.
1573226521|5.0|This book was fantastic.  It was so easy to read and hard to put down.  Most 20 somethings that have done any backpacking can associate with it and most characters.  <br />My main disappointment is that it will be made into a  film.  by reading the book you feel as if you have found the secret world  of the beach and by making a main stream film it takes away the whole point  of it.<br />BEST BOOK I HAVE READ IN AGES
0684874350|2.0|I realize that life of the Irish Catholic boy was difficult but how many times can you talk about the abusive alocholic father.  After awhile every chapter sounded exactly the same.  It was hard to even care what happened  next.<br />The Color of Water was much better.  It achieved what this book  could not.
0553573403|2.0|Mr. Martin has created a fabulous setting rich in description and detail.  Those who indicate that his world is realistic are all too truthful.  There are elements of society and passion which can be cleverly expressed without  the full breadth of their evil being obvious.  Murder your king if you  like, sleep with your sister too, but save me the atomic level of detail.  Mr. Martin, you are a fine writer, and it is sad that you foul the  otherwise crystal waters of this novel with your crude and tasteless  fantasies.
0399143904|4.0|Like Exec Orders and Debt, This novels starts out slow but builds to a climatic ending. The plots are getting too predictable. Put more into the earlier chapters ( Like Kremlin) Develope new characters. Including Mr  murphy, Things never go that easy!Been a big fan since 83.
B000002U9L|5.0|Next to the Ziggy Stardust album, I think this is the best David has created! Everyone needs this CD in their collection.
B000000IUX|5.0|This album is a must own for Neil Young Fans Who like country music.  We also have copies of Unplugged and Harvest Moon, but nothing by Neil Young is as good as this. If you live way out in the country and have a sound system, buy this CD and play it in your car.  Will make you think of the  countryside as you listen to it.  Listen to California sunset or The  Wayward Wind and you'll see what I mean.
B00000JBCP|5.0|I personally like albums where you can listen to the whole cd and not have to skip around due to bad songs that plague the recording. This is one of those albums though you might not be sorprised &quot;all&quot; of Mana's  records have this characteristic   This happens to be a cd packed with rich  accoustics that give each song a better listening value.<br /> MANA'S MTV  UNPLUGGED is an excellent cd I really enjoy listening to it. I must have  played it close to a thousand times but everytime I swear I hear something  new. The song TE SOLTE LA RIENDA is probably my favorite it's similar to  the original (by Jose Alfredo Jimenez) but with a much higher level of  emotion.<br />  In addition I just would like to include in my review an  exquisitelly accurate comparission made by a new found friend : CIBERNENA  (from San Jose CA) &quot;Mana is a group of true artists of the same or  even superior caliber as U2..(hi cibernena!)       ** MENSAGE PARA LA BANDA  MANA **   Gracias por su musica de verdad los admiro, su talento is  indisputible,sigan adelante nunca se olviden de su publico. Recuerden que  son imitados por muchos futuros hombres asi que mantengan su imagen y la  imagen de los latinos bien en alto.<br /> Nunca caigan en el error que han  caido otros que re-emplazaron el ARTE por el COMERCIO. Mantengan abierto el  corazon y la mente por siempre.
B00000J8EK|5.0|I bought this CD after hearing the band on Modern Rock Live a few weeks ago.  I was extremely impressed with their talent and great personalities.  After hearing a few samples from the disc, I was hooked.  Plus with Noel Gallagher from Oasis and others, the unique sound of this album is truly a  winner.  If you like techno music, buy this CD.
6305358613|5.0|This is a great DVD. The movie itself is involving, moving and visually stunning with its breathtaking scenes inside stone cathedrals and candle-lit castles. Cate Blanchett is terriffic in the complex role of  Elizabeth. The story depicts Elizabeth's ascent from an ethically dedicated  but emotion-driven young woman to a great leader who sacrifices everything  for the love of her country. The DVD is of excellent video and sound  quality and has many nice extras -- the direcor's commentary is  particularly good and insightful.
B0000022WA|5.0|The new movie does not have that original taste like the old one does. It makes me feel like I am watching a copy-cat. Most new movies cannot create the genuine good old time feeling. Old movies are always the best. New  one's are too artificial.
6305451591|5.0|I have to agree with a previous reviewer.  They are doing a great disservice to this phenomenal piece of work by dubbing it in English.  If you want to see this movie - see it subtitled in English - part of the  magic is in its original presentation.  I was saddened to find out that it  was going to be rereleased with English dubbing.  Once again, we pander to  the lowest common denominator.
B000006OAM|5.0|I have been a fan of Natalie's since the beginning. I appeciate her vocals and lyrics maybe a little too much. Ophelia has been called depressing, but when your down and put it on, oh baby you realize how important certain  emotions are, and how you can grow if you just listen to whats inside your  heart and this cd. Thank you again Natalie.
0393312836|5.0|In describing this book to those unknown to it, I get a bit queasy.  How can I explain that it is possible for me to empathize with a rapist, a murderer, a child molester, a parent hater?  And yet, to me, that is  Burgess' genius in this book.  When I was requested to follow along with  &quot;Our Faithful Narrator,&quot; I eagerly submitted with anticipation,  to learn where the future would take him.  And possibly us. <br />Burgess asks  in this novel a question of some simplicity: what is the human species?   But his answers are unlike anything I've seen, with apologies to Orwell and  Huxley.  He first guides us into the mind of an individual criminal. And  then he indicts society at large with the criminal manner in which he is  handled.  Unfortunately for us, true examples of similar means of  &quot;bettering&quot; our society are too plentiful to mention (like  castration of rapists) and too scary to dwell upon.<br />And then there is the  language.  It made me chuckle, it made me want more; I wish this book were  a 1000 pages longer.  One criticism I often have is that novelists poorly  finish otherwise good books.  This is NOT true of &quot;A Clockwork  Orange;&quot; it ends fittingly and true.
6305399212|5.0|Aliens has been one of my favorite movies since it's original release. James Cameron created a masterpiece of a sequel that I will always enjoy watching. I am disturbed by the negative comments about the Director's Cut.  Those 17 minutes helped the movie in every way. The need for editor's to  chop movies to there bare essentials just to appease those who do not  appreciate character development at the movie theaters, is an unfortunate  standard in Hollywood and too many films suffer too much editing. I enjoyed  the extra footage in Aliens as it helped explain why Ripley was so  attatched to Newt and willing to go against the Queen for her. I encourage  others to ignore the negative comments about the Director's Cut and enjoy a  more proper version of this film. Aliens tastefully mixes fright and  suspense with great action. I truly enjoy the very brief glimpses of the  aliens throughout the early parts of the film. You never really get a  lengthy look at the creatures until the very end. I feel that adds to the  over-all terror they inspire when they appear because you want to stare and  absorb their shadowed appearance but Cameron brilliantly disallows that. As  with The Abyss and Terminator 2 Director's Cuts, I am pleased James Cameron  takes the time to develop worth-while characters in his films. He is indeed  a thorough director and Aliens is a fine example of this. My highest  recommendation is awarded to this sequel.
B00000IQV2|1.0|I am completely stunned by all the positive reviews of this movie. I guess the American public is not very hard to please. Robin William's silly antics left me cold. If Patch Adams was supposed to be such a feel-good  movie, why was I in such pain every time he put that stupid enema bulb on  his nose? I found myself desperately hoping that the real Patch Adams was  nothing like that. I have not seen such a painfully awful movie since  &quot;North.&quot; Everybody keeps talking about these tearjerker scenes.  Did I miss them? Maybe I was too engrossed in my own agony.
B00000J7S8|3.0|I loved her previous two CD's. This one was a little too glitzy and slow. In addition,I think she's better with small jazz group, not with violins in the background. As often happens with wonderful vocalists, their releases  are increasingly overproduced as they become more popular.
044022165X|3.0|When you fight a legal battle, there is at least a few hurdles you have to overcome. Rudy Baylor didn't have any. A judge who would do anything to help him, a dead victim who left behind a moving video, helpful professors,  and SUBSTANTIAL evidence...what else can a trial lawyer ask for? Although  the plot has its share of suspense and drama, it's smeared with  serendipity. Perhaps, Grisham could've done with a little more ingenuity in  the plot. However, all this doesn't make the book boring. In fact, it lives  upto Grisham's &quot;unputdownable&quot; standard.
067101756X|4.0|Ordered two paperback copies and am going to Roswell this week. A great guide and extremely credible. Too bad quality of binding so poor. Made reading difficult when turning pages, they were falling out. Second copy  bought as gift. Took to local bookbinder who reglued prior to turning  pages.
B000002UDB|5.0|When was the last time you heard pop music that was wildly experimental but also thoroughly accessible? When was the last time you heard rock that used different tempoes and instruments besides the usual guitars? When was the last time you heard lyrics that required thought, full of effortless  double meanings? When was the last time you heard sublime orchestrations  and dazzling studio effects that weren't done by cheesy synthesizers? In  short, when was the last time you heard &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;?  Where's the progress since?
0380973464|4.0|In general, I enjoyed this book.  I was, however, annoyed and distracted by the (way too many) typos and by the set pieces that had nothing to do with anything.  The way Randy Waterhouse's weird family decides who gets  what from a relative's will by moving the objects around a parking lot is a  case in point.<br />There are also too many factual errors.  To give only one  example, some time before the end of the war, General MacArthur's aide  refers to &quot;Sir Winston Churchill,&quot; but Churchill didn't get his  knighthood until 1953.<br />Still, it's an agreeable page-turner.
B00000J7S8|4.0|Except for her recording of &quot;Gentle Rain&quot; on an earlier CD, I think I've liked almost everything I've heard from Diana Krall.  I thought this album was well produced, and will definitely get multiple plays, but  I'm afraid she's going to go the way of Feinstein, Connick and other  talented pianists who help revive the great standards: they'll market her  more and more as a singer until we don't get to hear her on the piano at  all.  In the meantime, I'll certainly enjoy all I can get.
630407185X|5.0|In my opinion, the best war movie ever made -- a notch better than &quot;Saving Private Ryan,&quot; which contains certain historical inaccuracies.  &quot;A Bridge Too Far&quot; masterfully adapts Cornelius  Ryan's meticulously-researched book of the same title.  More importantly,  with the exception of the German tanks and armored personnel carriers  depicted in the failed attempt to capture the northern end of the Arnhem  bridge, the uniforms, machine guns, rifles, tanks, landscape, etc. depicted  in the film are accurate -- unlike the vast majority of war films that cut  corners, film off location, fail to research key facts, etc.  The  &quot;second Omaha Beach&quot; crossing of the Waal River by the 504th  Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 82nd Airborne Division -- filmed on  loaction -- is the most riveting scene in the movie.  Also spectacular is  the reenactment of the dropping of hundreds of paratroopers over Holland  from C-47 Dakotas.  The only negative is that the movie can be quite  confusing to one who is not familiar with the intricacies of Operation  Market Garden.  I urge anyone considering viewing the film to first read  &quot;Arnhem 1944&quot; by Martin Middlebrook or Cornelius Ryan's  above-mentioned book.  Some research will help put this complicated  military operation into perspective.  After you've seen the movie, and if  you have the time, money and inclination, take a battlefield tour of  Nijmegen and Arnhem (both just an hour-or-so drive from Amsterdam) so you  can truly appreciate the sacrifices made by the British, American, and  Polish paratroopers depicted in the film nearly 55 years ago.
6304233639|5.0|In my humble opinion, too many people have taken &quot;Independence Day&quot; way too seriously.  Yes, it's got every B movie cliche in the book, but I think/hope that that was the point! I view this as a comedy,  not science fiction.  Everyone and everything was over the top  (particularly Brent Spiner), but in a wonderfully delicious way (ditto  Spiner).  It's a movie to howl at, not believe! Just think of it as a story  about urban renewal, Godzilla-style, and you'll be fine.
B00000I924|5.0|boomer guitar heaven..just turn it o
B000002VCW|4.0|This is a favorite for a lot of people, and I can't add much more to the comments except to say: cue this CD up, put on the 'phones, close your eyes and see the imagery Al Stewart paints with music and lyrics.  The song,  &quot;One Stage Before&quot; conjures up ghostly images and is positively  haunting!
B000002BQK|3.0|Mariah is African-American. Her father is African-American. That's the beauty of us - we come in all shades and hues.
B000005J56|5.0|This is timeless classic music that Ry Cooder has found and recorded, but if you liked the CD then you should see the movie.  A documentary covering the recording sessions, the concert in Amsterdam and the Carnagie Hall concert is showing in select theaters.  Besides the stories of the  musicians there is great footage of current day Havana. Well worth while.
6305108153|5.0|Halloween made me the horror movie fan that I am today.  Spawning six sequels, this movie started a whole new generation on true horror movies.  Jamie Lee Curtis began her career with this movie.  Veteran actor Donald  Pleasence was only on the set for a week to create the most memorable  character in horror movie history, Dr. Sam Loomis.  Nick Castle played  &quot;The Shape&quot; Michael Myers and wound up as the director of movies  such as Major Payne and Dennis the Menace.  Halloween was obviously too  brilliant to stop at just one release.  It not only created careers for  some of its stars but it still sends chills down spines of millions as it  will never ever be forgotten.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I thought this Cd was on of the worst things I've ever hear in my life. They used to be all about having a good time and now they've just copped out. They used to rock now they just watch others while they play backround  music for the elevator ride.
6302798450|4.0|By the time the Evil Dead trilogy reached its final installment, everyone involved realized that they had two options.  One: try for one final bit of terror in an ever more ridiculous plot, or two: scrap the idea of horror  altogether and put their minds together for a brilliant spoof of the  series' original intention.<br />If you are looking for a blood-curdling,  mind-numbing, edge of your seat horror/gorefest - look elsewhere.  If you  are looking at one of the best crafted horror spoofs ever made...look no  furhter.  This movie needs to be on your must see list.  Great for  entertaining, even better with beer ;)
6300214435|5.0|I have seen a whole lot of movies.  But far and wide, this movie is the greatest I have ever seen. Dr. Jones is one of the best role models of all time.  He is humble even in his search for &quot;fortune and glory&quot;.   The opening fight scene is incredible.  To this day I still belt out  impressions and qoutes from the best supporting character of all time,  Short Round.<br />BUY THIS MOVIE!<br />Mike Griffeath, patriot
B00000F1D3|5.0|What is with all the negativity?  Some people wrote that Cher is a sell-out and she should return to the 60's.  Why is it a crime for Cher to do a dance album?  Is it because she is over 50?  Cher did disco albums in  the 70's; so I don't see why people are viewing this endeavor as such a  stretch.  As for Cher &quot;selling out&quot;, is it a crime for her to  transform her style to a more modern &quot;techno&quot; sound?  Madonna has  constantly changed her musical style (and her music producers) for the  entire length of her career.  Yet, I don't hear anyone calling her a  &quot;sell-out&quot;.  Why are certain endeavors acceptable for some  artists, yet not for others?  Cher is one of the original TRUE  divas--something that these bratty newcomers (no names mentioned) will  NEVER be.  This CD is a fantastic dance album.  It doesn't take a rocket  scientist to see that Cher had EVERY intention of going back to the top of  the charts with this CD.  Call her what you want, but she obviously knows  what she is doing.
0380973464|5.0|Superb. I even liked the lengthy passage on eating cereal. This book probably appeals to the niche of people who enjoy computers more than to the average, but being one of &quot;those&quot; people, I love it.
0345363132|5.0|I have read every Penman book but one.  Her writing is well researched, flowing and one feels transported in time while reading. She breathes life into her characters.  Not since reading Margaret Campbell Barnes' &quot;The  King's Bed&quot; 20 years ago have I enjoyed a book more.  I was prepared  to like Richard. As the youngest son, he was not raised to be a king; nor  did he welcome the task.  I believe Ms. Penman convincingly puts this point  across.  I am in awe of her considerable writing skills.  Her research goes  beyond the extra mile, making her work untouchable.  Reading  &quot;Sunne,&quot; called for a second read of Ms. Barnes' book.  I am  looking forward to Ms. Penman's book of Eleanor and Henry.  In the meantime  I will have to be content with a second reading of &quot;The Sunne in  Splendor,&quot; &quot;Here Be Dragons,&quot; &quot;Falls the Shadow,&quot;  &quot;The Reckoning,&quot; and &quot;When Christ and His Saints  Slept!&quot;
0553213105|4.0|This book is just plain fun!  Mr. Bennet is hilarious, and the whole who's-gonna-marry-who question sheds light on our modern mating dilemmas.  Austen has a great sense of humor, and Elizabeth Bennet is a very likable  heroine.
B00000IQBM|5.0|I really enjoyed this horror film more than any film that I saw last decade.
0553288105|4.0|After reading this novel, I didn't have the same sort of awed sense of completion I did after finishing the Foundation trilogy or the first three robot novels.  However, I did recognize the quality of alien depiction in  the middle section, and this novel is pure Asimov-- a must for his fans, a  definite for sf fans, and a probable good read for anyone else, except  those so pretentious as to consider anything less than Shakespeare as  &quot;beneath them.&quot;
B00000J2KX|5.0|I love this film more than any other horror film that I can count on it, and it's most terrify movie over the decade of Nicholson psycopathic  performance. I just love to see Nicholson and Shelly duvall act, because I  think shelly duvall is good casted in this amazing film, watch this movie  winter time.
0553108034|5.0|In this sequel to A Game Of Thrones, Martin shows much skill and imagination - through the creation of incestuous child-killers and would-be kings contesting for dominance in a land where armies of wildlings mass to  the north and the betrayed plot their vengeance across the sea.A tale of  love, war and natural magic that any reader should enjoy thoroughly.
B000005J56|5.0|I think I'm in love with this CD. A friend brought it to play when she came to dinner and I just had to buy it. I've listened to nothing else since -- this is music to dance to, to laugh to, to party to, to cry to.  This CD is so joyous, so full of life, so perfect, and it seems that  everyone I know agrees, because everyone I know is buying it!    If you only  buy one CD this summer, this should be that CD. You'll fall asleep singing  the songs, you'll dream the tunes, and you'll wake up humming them.  It's  one of those rare, beautiful musical collaborations that I will be  listening to for a very long time. I'd almost go as far as say it's, well,  perfect.
0201485672|5.0|It's a rare book that causes the reader to say:  &quot;This changes *everything*.&quot;  The Design Patterns book is one such, Refactoring is another.<br />The introductory chapters establish a clear theoretical and  practical basis for the catalog of refactorings that make up the larger  part of the text.  Many of the examples are trivial, but then, many of the  refactorings occur in simple situations.  The more complex refactorings are  usually accompanied by detailed example code.  The mechanics section in  each refactoring is an outstanding tool, and I expect to use it quite  frequently.<br />I have followed the 'extreme programming' (XP) movement for  some time, and I'm an ardent fan, as is, so I gather, Fowler himself.  But  don't be fooled by this: the book is not just for the XP crowd.  All  programmers who use Java (or have used more than one other oo language),  will find this book a huge resource.  I have a library that I recommend to  journey-folk who aspire to mastery.  Refactoring is certainly the newest  addition.  I think this book will be an instant classic.<br />I cannot say  enough.  Why not buy it now?
B00000IMTF|4.0|This is probably Rainbow's finest effort.  It combines the awesome voice of Dio with the guitar mastery of Ritchie Blackmore along with some excellent drumming of Cozy Powell and keyboards of Toney Carey.  The unfortunate thing is that this album is hit and miss.  Tarot Woman,  Stargazer and Light in the Black are masterpieces, but the other songs fail  to capture the pinnacle that those songs do.  All feature some amazing  guitar work who sounds like J.S. Bach if he ever had an electric guitar.   These songs are compositions heavily indebted to the classical tradition  and the fusion between these seemingly binary opposites is done with great  care.
B00000IHHN|5.0|LUC PLAMONDON EST LE ROI DES OPERAS ROCK!!! JE N'AI JAMAIS EU LA CHANCE DE VOIR STARMANIA LIVE. J'AI SAUTE SUR L'OCCASION QUAND J'AI SU QU'ILS ETAIENT A MONTREAL J'AI FAIT LE VOYAGE 2 FOIS BOSTON-MONTREAL ET JE NE REGRETTE  RIEN!!! IF YOU CAN'T TRAVEL BUY THE LIVE ALBUM IT IS INCREDIBLE. J'AI  GRANDI AVEC LA MUSIQUE DE STARMANIA ET CETTE DERNIERE ME FERA VOYAGE POUR  DES ANNEES A VENIR.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I always wished the RHCPs would be a little less naked and a little more mellow. With a few exceptions, Californication fulfilled this desire. The tracks flow smoothly, although the album lacks a little of the spirited  jam-session-feel sensed on One Hot Minute and Blood Sugar...still, a great  album, destined to be one you never sell, if not one that you listen to all  the time.
0553573403|5.0|This is probably the best book I ever read.  Each page made me want to read more.  George Martin is a fabulous writer.  I was literally on the each of my seat, wanting to know what was going to happen next.
0684874350|4.0|I was worried that I would become depressed reading this book, however Frank McCourt writes with such a flair, that while you want to cry for young Frankie, you also cheer, laugh and smile. My husband is now listening  to the book on tape and we are thinking about having our kids   listen as well.  This book changed us.  I am reminded of the quote, &quot;I  used to cry because I had no shoes, until I met a man that had no  feet.&quot; We are so blessed! Thank you for helping us realize that Mr.  McCourt!
0671027344|5.0|When I began this book I thought that it was going to turn into an overdone, unidentifiable human drama. But now I don't think a book has ever come so close to encapsulating me. I'm no druggie, but this novel basically  has the exact same love story as I do. When I finished this book I finally  put it down for the first time, and had about 50 pages marked because they  said things that were so cathartic and right on. Really the only thing that  I didn't like that much about this book was the epilogue. The rest of it  made me laugh, cry, and squirm with the disbelief that an author out of  school understands how hard it can be to be lost in love. I'd love to hear  from anyone else who loves this book.
B000003NA4|5.0|I really enjoyed this CD. It didn't matter if I was sad or happy, I just couln't help but to sing along upon hearing her voice.  I shared the CD with many friends and they enjoyed it as well.
079072961X|4.0|Harrison Ford leaves any trace of Han Solo behind as he portrays a doctor who is framed for his wife's murder. The thrilling train/bus escape scene will go down in Hollywood history as one of films most exciting moments. It  doesn't stop there though, we see Harrison go over a dam and struggle to  survive in the shadows of Chicago. Based on the TV series, David Twohy  breathes new life into the man-against-the-world premise. Harrison is in  top form, perhaps in the best character piece of his career. Dr. Richard  Kimble is a beleivable character. He's not a Superman, but a smart man with  steely survival instincts. The most hair-raising moments are the many in  which you think he's had it, they're gonna get him for sure, but no, he  slips between their fingers like sand in an hour glass. My single complaint  is that I still don't quite understand why he was set up. They very briefly  cover something about a new drug, and I think Dr. Kimble had something to  do with it's testing, but from there it's blurry. Also the DVD itself could  use some spiffing up. A trailer would be nice. How about some commentary? I  think it has some stupid cast bios that nobody cares about, but that's it.
B000002UA0|5.0|This album is cool because it's so different than most stuff you hear these days. And unlike what a lot of people say about Syd Barrett, you don't have to be on acid to appreciate it. Sure, songs like  &quot;Bike&quot; are strange, but that's what's so great about them!  Another cool song is &quot;Interstellar Overdrive.&quot; It's kind of  similar to another band that can't be found here. They are called Uncle  Dave and they do a lot of improvised instrumental music like this song. If  you like this you may like them too. But anyway, this is a really great CD  that you should go ahead and buy.
B000000WF0|5.0|I heard &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; and I figured this band was worth checking out.  As usual, it was.  The Verve is one of the few bands that have crossed the seas to make it big, and just didn't make it big enough to  recieve national credit.  This band is definitely worth checking out.  The  compilation of lyrics, vocals, and instruments gives this band a  down-to-earth feel.  I recommend this to everyone.  I repeat, everyone.   Even parents.  This is the kind of music that doesn't come around often  enough.  My personal favorites are, &quot;The drugs don't work&quot;,  &quot;The Rollin' People,&quot; and &quot;Place and Time&quot;.  All that's  left to say is, BUY THIS CD.
B000002UYZ|5.0|This album (along with the 67-70 album) has some of the best songs ever on it. It would probably be pretty hard to put together a greatest hits album for The Beatles since they had so many great songs, but this album does a  pretty good job. The songs never really seem to get old. One of my  favorites is &quot;Day Tripper.&quot; It was the first song I learned when  I was beginning to play guitar. (I play guitar by the way). You should also  listen to the version that Jimi Hendrix does on the &quot;BBC  Sessions&quot; CD.  If you get this album you won't be dissapointed. And  while you're at it buy the &quot;67-70&quot; album and the White Album.  (that one's my favorite.)
B000002UY5|1.0|Alright, I think I'm being more than generous when I say that this album sucked.  The only reason I bought it was because I liked their first single, &quot;No Rain&quot;.  To be completely honest, before I even opened  it, my friend came over with hers and put it in the cd player.  I then took  my unopened cd back to the store and demanded a refund, which I got.  I  hope that they either improve their sound for the next album, or don't come  out with one at all.  AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS.
0375707972|3.0|I found the book interesting and read it easily.  Did not find it boring but yet I kept wondering if I had missed something, if there was something lost in the translation.  I kept waiting for the plot to go someone more  intense but it did not.  I'm having a friend read it to be sure I did not  miss something.  Readable but largely unsatisifying.  Don't understand why  it is a NY Times notable book!!
B000002JPA|5.0|Truly one of the finest rock albums ever made.  This album has spawned a bunch of copy-cat bands, just like the innovators of any new style innevitably will.  However, the great thing about this band (and what the  copy-cats miss) is that they START with great songs, THEN create beautiful,  complex arrangements to enhance them.  I still think the instrumental  section in the middle of &quot;Learning to Live&quot; is one of the best  pieces of writing I've ever heard.  A perfect balance of heart and mind.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is the best CD ever. Every song on the album is awesome. Corey Taylor is the best screamer ever. His vocals kick you square in the nuts and you don't even care . The three precussionists , Joey , Shawn , and Chris , blow your hearing straight to hell and back . The two guitarists , Mick and  Jim play the loudest and most killer guitars you have ever heard . Dj Sid  and Sampler Craig kick out crazy sounds through the whole album . Last is  the bassist Paul He plays some of the best bass you have ever heard through  the whole album. Go out and buy this album now forget any other band  because these guys are it.
6300273199|4.0|This is old school AC/DC.  Back in Black was just an idea in their bourbon-clouded heads at this point.  But for hard core, blue-infused, heart-thumping, good old rock, this is it.  There is an old saying about  the Grateful Dead that applies equally to AC/DC in this era.....&quot;They  aren't the best at what they do.  They're the only ones that do what they  do.&quot;  Guns-n-Roses, Mettalica, Tool and others have tried but have  gotten caught up in their own hype (and started singing f'in ballads of all  things!!).  If you need proof that AC/DC influenced a generation of bands,  watch this video after a few shots of Jack.  This band fought tooth and  nail against the conventions of long-haired rockers that have screwed up  their simple formula.  Play simple songs.  Play them well.  Play them LOUD.   And remember.....it's a long way to the top if you wanna rock-n-roll!!!
6300248550|5.0|I was impressed with the detail done to this video series in terms of the original book.  Although some parts were skipped (as they would have to be), it covered more than other versions I've seen.  Timothy Dalton makes  an excellent Rochester - all brooding temperament but fierce passion!   Zelah makes a prettier than some but still refined Jane.  If you're a Jane  Eyre fan, buy this one!
6302610702|5.0|They were doing really good until thre
B000002H6C|3.0|This is not a bad release by Metallica but its no Master of Puppets.  I think that some of the songs were hastly put together and production on the album is average at best.  Harvester of Sorrow and Blackened are the best  on the album.
B000009QPO|5.0|This is one my favorite CDs in my collection. It's hard to describe what this music does to you, but once you get in their 'groove' you want more. The excellent piano accompaniments really add another flavor to the music. A friend told me that if you listened to the album from start to finish it  told a story. It does, one about ordinary life, and loss and love. BUY THIS  ALBUM!
B00000IQW3|4.0|This is the first movie produced that meshed CGI with real world actors and sets in a natural setting (only previously done in TRON.) My favorite movie from when I was growing up in the NASA Shuttle/3nd generation  computers heyday. Fantastic under-rated movie. The DVD version plays and  looks nice, but most of the extras are half-baked. The movie-long  commentary is really in bad MST3K style, and the trailers are low-res.  Overall, an great fairly nonviolent well rounded movie with a timeless  story.
6303148352|5.0|I was 13 years old when I first watched Jurassic  Park back in 1993. When I was much younger  in the mid to late 80's, I was a dinosaur fanatic.    I will admit on grand opening day, I felt a little  anger because I just got  the feeling Speilberg  was meaning to commercialize dinosaurs. If  you  remember Land Before Time, Speilberg  was also involved in that in 1988.  Land Before  Time was a commercial success.   After the film, everyone in  the theater stood up   and applauded. It was absolutely incredible   and  something I never experienced in a  theater before, and never imagined  because it  was on film and the actors don't see who is  watching them.    Speilberg did his best to follow as closely to  the book as possible, as  well clean it up a bit  so the whole family could enjoy it. I mean   Speilberg is a director of family films. It is his  trademark and style.  You have to admit the  novel was pretty bloody. West World sounds   interesting to see. From what I read, it is like  any other writer or  director. Chrichton has a style  and trademark that he has perfected. I  believe  it is important for all artists to have their own  style and  originality. It makes them unique and  special.   Jurassic Park presented a  moral view-point,   while it may seem obvious that dinosaurs and  man don't  mix. It presented the issue that we  must be careful and responsible when  we  tamper with creation. The characters were   strong. You had a  wise-cracking, smart alec,  moral chaotician, an isolated child-hating    paleontologist, a passionate, observant   paleobotomist, a self-absorb  lawyer, a greedy,  overly opened-minded, dreamer John  Hammond, and two  adventures, star-strucked  children.   The movie had the qualities of a  classic film;  drama, horror, comedy, adventure, and action.   Jurassic  Park will also be remembered as the  film that pioneered the age of  computer   technology for movies.   Cheers!  Rebbecca McGarity
B000001DU5|5.0|A greatest hits collection that actually has all the songs you'd want on it.  TFF were a great and original band.
B000002GXX|4.0|This one comes oh so close to that classic status.  Maybe the fact that it is a little bit too commerical holds it back.  Like one other reviewer already stated, the album oriented tracks(Hollywood Waltz, Visions, After  The Thrill Is Gone, I Wish You Peace) are actually better than the three  overplayed hits.  I would buy this one third after On The Border and Hotel  California.
B000001ESF|5.0|This is the best of Rush, the best of the best hard rock band there ever was. Every song on this album is great, and the theme throughout it makes it even more enjoyable to listen. Listening to 2112 was quite an experience the first time I heard it as a high school student, and continues to be  quite an experience to this day. Decades from now this album will finally  get the respect it deserves, because it will stand the test of time and  outlast most of the pop trash that pollutes the top 40 charts now. Rush is  right...Rush the band that is.
0375707972|4.0|I could not put this book down and eventhough I was somewhat uncomfortable with the characters' moral values I had to get to the bottom of this strange story. The ever present theme of sin &amp; redemption was very well  handled in this book that could have become another sub-tale on the subject  of the Holocaust. A story that could have had no other denouement. A superb  read....I will suggest to my Reading Group.
055321263X|5.0|This was my second Wilkie Collins book.  I couldn't put it down.  <br />The character Fosco was wonderful.  I couldn't decide if he was truly a villian or a character.   I would consider this more of a suspense then mystery.   <br />The character of Laura really annoyed me, but thinking about the time it  was written put that into perspective.  <br />I just loved how the plot  twisted and turned. Truly masterful writing.  Can't say when I have enjoyed  a book more.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I don't know what planet reviewer Rickey Wright is living on!  But to say that Jennifer is trying to &quot;ape&quot; Madonna is pretty darn harsh!  Especiall since his critique is attacking the cultural significance of her  music.<br />I think the album is great!  I especially like the Latin styling  to her music!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Why people think cory taylers voice sounds like Jonathan Davis.  Davis is more rappy and not near as hard.   This album is original and right to the point.  Unike Korn,  it does not take as long to get to the point of the  song with weak lyrics and soft music. Slipknot is definitaly one of the  best band of the 90's.
B000002AZZ|5.0|This is one of the most lyrically rilliant and wonderful albums ever produced by anyone in any time-if wil affect your mood and really effect you-listen to every word sang-its wondeful.
0385493800|4.0|Grisham's novels are becoming more predictable, but his writing style is captivating, nevertheless. If you follow the &quot;good guy&quot;, you already know the &quot;who&quot;.  Because Grisham's style is mesmerizing,  you let it carry you to the &quot;how&quot;. If Grisham can put more  mystery in the who as well as the how, he'll score more than a &quot;triple  play&quot;.
B000002GJ7|5.0|I've owned this album for 10 years and still listen to it frequently. I own various other 80's &quot;metal&quot; CD's which have long waved goodbye to my CD rotation. I' also a VH fan, but Gary Cherone's vocal talents on this album have yet to be rivaled by his new work with VH. This is a  complex and energizing CD which gets two thumbs up! Intelligent and  pulsing!
6301773551|5.0|I thought Star Wars was totley cool ! espeshley the special addition . I thought that the death stair and all the outher ships realy looked reail I watch it everyday . I also thought that Jobba the hutt looked veary much  real . This is the top one . It's even better then the new star wars (the  Phantom manace )I loved  it and am watchen it raght know !  I'm at the part  where Leia just got shot by the storm troupper .
6301797906|5.0|This is one of the most powerful films that I've ever seen. I'd compare it to &quot;The Killing Fields&quot; from a half-century later. Both movies focused on desperate journeys with some unforgettable highs and lows. John  Carradine is haunting as the disillusioned preacher and Jane Darwell is  great as the mother trying to keep things together.   To me, the most  touching scene is early on when the Joads are forced to move from a house  that has always been their home. Darwell takes a last longing look at  souvenirs from her younger years, then throws them in the fire and gets  ready to move on.
6304082428|5.0|A reviewer told us about her resentment on the publicity Colin Forth received, suggesting that he became a major star BEFORE this prodution was released. I'd like to tell my impression in that subjet. Jane Austen is not  a popular writer in countries where the native language is other than  English. I' m from Brazil and I had already heard about Pride and Prejudice  BOOK, but I hadn't  read it yet. I hadn' t heard anything about that  production; I hadn' t heard about the 'darcymania&quot; that hit UK and  other countries. I saw this movie by chance. It was broadcasted here,  WITHOUT ANY PUBLICITY, by a cable channel.  However, when I was seeing the  second part of this serie, I was asking myself: &quot;Who is that superb  actor?&quot;  His face looked a little familiar. Later, I realized I had  already seen him in &quot;Valmont&quot; and in &quot;The English  Patient&quot;, but he didn' t get my attention  there. In P&amp;P he got  not only my attention, but also, my curiosity, my admiration and so on.   Then,  I read the book, bougth the tapes. The more I see them, the more I  like them. After reading the book, I can' t    imagine another Darcy, but  Colin Firth. All the cast is very good. Jennifer Ehle was excelent and so  the actors who played  Mr. Colins, Mrs. Bennet, Miss Bingley and Colonel  Fitzwilliam. Well, I suppose I judged Colin Firth in this movie without  &quot;prejudice&quot;. Very few people have seen this serie in my country  and Colin Firth is absolutely unknown here. This year I saw him in  &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; and  I could validate my impression about  his talent. He was great as a vilain. It will be better if he was  Shakespeare. By the way, I think he is more handsome than both Fiennes.
0790731452|4.0|This movie is NOT a SciFi comedy! It is grotesque in it's most pure form (distorting natural into absurdity, ugliness, or caricature). It is an antidote to adventure movie cliche and plays this role pretty well. It is  not funny, instead it makes fun of you (and that is necessary sometimes).  Worth seeng, but be prepared. Not for everyone.
0385334206|5.0|What makes Vonnegut a true and marvelous master of the human condition and life and everything is his acceptance of the unexplainable. Rather than trying to give reasons and solutions, he simply lays it all out in a vastly  entertaining style, and challenges his readers to make something of the  mess. Here, with a unspectacular cast of characters whirling around in a  lot of nothing, it's really rather amazing how deeply touching and  brilliant the story is. Although this has a lot to do with Vonnegut's  uncanny ability to poke your mind with subtle points in an obvious fashion,  it also has to do with the fact that not everything is glamorous and  suspenseful and neat. In fact, very little is. The meeting of Vonnegut and  Trout at the end is absolutely classic, I could not stop grinning through  the entire encounter, and the book itself is genius. Dare to be cynical  with the master.
B000003KMM|4.0|I felt this was a beautiful film. Just the right amount of romance combined with side splitting comedy. This is one of the few times some of these actors (Wesley Snipes) have appeared in comedies and I laughed out  loud. Humor, Romance and a stand up and cheer ending, who could want more?
B000005J56|5.0|As much as I would like to go over the top about this album and the pure genius of the musicians, I sure would like to know what's going to happen to the Carnegie Hall cuts which must have been something. Does Ry Cooder  have another album up his sleeve? Anyway, what studio music you don't get  from the film on this album you have to pick up on Ibrahim Ferrer's and  Ruben Gonzalez's albums. (And incidentally they've overlaid heavy strings  on one of Ferrer's album tracks which just wrecks the atmosphere. I didn't  see a fifty-piece orchestra in the film).
B00000ILBK|4.0|I hated this movie when I saw it in the theater.  Then again, as a fan of The Next Generation series, the only movie I liked in the theatre was Generations.  Oddly, this movie, and First Contact, grow on you as you  re-watch them.  Besides the admitted stupidity of having Riker pilot the  Enterprise with a joy stick, and Data removing an emotion chip that had  been fused into his Neural net, the basic story has the depth that the  better Next Generation episodes had.  Picard shows the kind of moral  leadership that we all crave from our leaders. Patrick Stewart is so  convincing.  His focus is so intense.  Brent Spinner gave Data emotion even  though Micheal Piller idiotically wrote his emotion chip out of the script.   Even with some stupid details, this is The Next Generation's best movie.
0792838637|4.0|This is one of the weakest Bond films. But, this &quot;special edition&quot; DVD makes up for it with the &quot;extras&quot; and a stunning transfer - fantastic picture! The audio commentary is a bit boring  though, which I found surprising!
B000002HPV|5.0|In listening to this album, you will not only re-discover Bjork, but also yourself.   I know Bjork's sound - I owned 39 of her cd's.  Homogenic is her most finely crafted and powerful work ever.  This is Earth shaking - no  joke.  It is a truely beautiful piece of work.
0684867621|5.0|Within everyone of his novels, Stephen King keeps suprising me.  I found this to be one of the most touching stories I have ever read.  You feel as though you are alongside this poor girl, struggling to survive. Plus, I  must say that the 'Lord of the Flies' esk theme was genious.  I loved the  Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon. /\SET THE CONTROLS/\ Josh
B00000J7S8|4.0|Some songs are very good ones but as a whole I like &quot;All for you&quot; more.
B000001ES4|2.0|I bought this CD based on the recommendation of the reviews.  Although I'd never heard this group before I was anticipating something really special and wonderful, but I find it very derivative and not original.  I would  suggest to anyone interested in buying this CD to try and borrow a copy and  listen to it first.  You might love it, you might find it so-so.
B00000G3PA|5.0|it was awasom it had comedey action and drama. great plot and great actors. great music score.<br />It is Just a great movie its a must see
6304011431|3.0|This movie carries a strong and familiar theme: true beauty lies within.  It is nicely presented, although some of the film seems a bit silly.  This movie seems to struggle with itself on what is fact and what is fantasy.   At times, it tries to convince the audience that this is not a fantasy  film, and yet at times I was more convinced that it is.  Also, the  different characters that Powder meets along along his introductory journey  through society are ridiculously unbalanced and bigoted to the extreme of  being unbelievable.  Yes, it is a cruel world, but come on!  Also, the film  takes a detour through the ethical issues of game hunting in an effort to  demonstrate the &quot;coldness&quot; of society.  This scene is irrelevent  and in very poor taste. Overall, though, the movie has an appeal all its  own and will sit well, particularly with teenaged viewers.  But don't  expect to be too inspired.
B00000JCB2|1.0|the fact that these &quot;people&quot; actually have a hit album show's how far we as a society have degenerated,,,,, real garbage here.....
0393317552|3.0|Having read several of Diamond's previous books, I was pleasantly surprised by this one -- though largely for avoiding the obvious faults of those other works.  Diamond's writings are remarkably repetitive, and he is  conspicuously lacking in the 'ear' that makes the work of, for example,  James Gleick so extraordinary.  This book has been praised to the skies by  two types of people: those knowing little of science (so that they think  this is it), and those who know that Diamond has his science correct in  broad outline and are glad to see even this velveetized version of it  achieve popularity.<br />As a substitute for closely-reasoned historical  analysis or an impartial rendering of a difficult interdisciplinary  scientific enterprise, this falls far short of what might be expected to  garner a Pulitzer Prize (something denied the infinitely superior 'Feynman'  of Gleick, or Kanigel's book on Ramanujan).  As perfect fodder for  condensation, one hopes Diamond could write a 16-page version of his  thesis, which could be compressed to this extent and lose little in the way  of completeness.
080017948X|5.0|I watched this film at a  TV channel and I did not get the point untill the reliving of February 2. Bill Murray was excellent in a word. His excitement is worth to be watched when he relives the same day. In a word,  I've watched it 10 times and it worths.
B000002UE2|3.0|This is a fun album to have.  Unfortunately the CD cuts out some of the drum solo on T.N.U.C and the introduction on the LP is funny, and they cut it out of the CD.  They at least could've fixed the silly ending they had  to &quot;Closer to home&quot; so it doesn't fade out...come on, CD versions  are suppose to be an improvement over the LPs not cut things out and leave  the flaws.  It still is a fun album, neat versions of &quot;Rock n' Roll  Soul&quot; and &quot;Gimmie Shelter&quot;.  The First GFR Live album is  much better, but if you like the post TK stuff live, then get this one or  Bosnia.  Capital is rumored to be remastering all of GFR albums on CD,  including CITA, and hopefully they will improve it by not having  &quot;Closer to Home&quot; fade and put back the crowed, announcements and  the drum solo in tact.  If you want CITA, until the remaster comes out,  dust off your turntable and look through used album stores for it if you  don't have it already.  MUCH better then the CD version.
B000003S1A|5.0|This is not the best rock'n'roll album ever made. In fact, it's not even King Crimson's best album. (That would be RED, the last album of the '70s Crimson: though DISCIPLINE is the best of their studio albums from the '80s  lineup). <br />It is, however, quite possibly the only _perfect_ rock'n'roll  album ever made.<br />That statement requires some defense, and some  explanation. When I say &quot;perfect,&quot; I am not making a value  judgment. I am saying, rather, that every aspect of the album's  composition, performance, and production are precisely accurate, precisely  what they ought to be, in order for it to be what it is. Even Adrian  Belew's quirky and humorous vocals and sound-effects guitar are, simply,  perfect, just right for the songs in which they appear. They would have  been totally wrong for &quot;Discipline&quot; or &quot;The Sheltering  Sky&quot; -- on which they are, perfectly, absent.<br />In other words: this  is the only ambitious rock'n'roll album I have ever heard that measures up  in every possible way to what it attempts to be. <br />What does it attempt to  be? Discipline. Not just &quot;disciplined,&quot; though it is certainly  that (and seeing the band play the title track live, as I did one night in  December of 1981, I realized just how astonishingly disciplined it is --  for the performers to keep straight the various lines, weaving in and  around each other, always in perfect time, and actually end the piece  _together_, was a work of technical sorcery), but discipline: the recording  itself is a discipline, a yoga, a dojo, for the performers certainly, but  also for the listener. Turn on the title track and try to trace the three  lines played by the guitars and stick; or listen seriously to the  spoken-word segments of &quot;Thela Hun Ginjeet&quot; (an anagram for  &quot;In the Jungle Heat&quot;) and follow its Calvino-like take on  reality.<br />This is not an album to play while drinking beer, or even  sipping Perrier. It demands your attention, and, amazingly, deserves it.
B0000027DJ|4.0|With this album, Alice was at the top of his glam rock career.  Much better than Trash because the tunes and lyrics are alot better.  the only songs i do not like are Burning our bed witch is a total drag compared to the rest of the album.
0812550757|5.0|A great sequel. It is not as good as Ender's game, but then again what is? Unlike Ender's Game, this book centered around a large group of characters. Some parts may be a little hard to follow,but most parts are easy to  understand. A must read for sci-fi fans. Read Ender's Game first, although  it is not absolutely neccesary. I hope you enjoy the book as I have.
630446651X|5.0|Mel Brooks is at his finest in this slapstick marvel. With Rick Moranis as Dark Helmet and John Candy as the lovable Barf, this movie excels in every detail.  You won't stop laughing.  I've seen it over and over again and I  know I never will.
B00000JCRH|5.0|Buy it. It is definitive Metallica. If you are only familiar with post &quot;Black Album&quot; Metallica, this should throw you for a loop, though.
6303908306|5.0|This film ranks right up there as one of my favorites of all time.  The whole movie is a series of events that leads up to, in my opinion, the best ending in the history of motion pictures.  This is one you have to see.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The versatility of Carlos and the poly-melodic universe of SANTANA comes alive in this CD. This is a &quot;must-have&quot; CD....
0156528207|5.0|I do not recall how I first discovered this book, but I quote it often and subscribe to many of the philosophies within.I have purchased many copies of this book. I give it to me friends to read. They love it so much I say -  go ahead, keep it, I'll buy another. Here I am again, buying my 6th copy.  I'll probably give it away, too.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Too bad to all of you who say &quot;Bring back the old Santana&quot;...and &quot;Bill Grahmn (whoever that is) would roll over in his grave, blah blah.&quot;  Santana, the musician, continues to grow and get better,  giving his all to his art and sharing it with us.  I remember the same  level of criticism leveled at Miles Davis every time he would expand his  horizons. &quot;Bring back the 'old' Miles!&quot;  Hey y'all, get over  yourselves and let the consumate, and consumed, artists do their things.  Rock on, Carlos!  This album is another step on your journey and thank you  for bringing us along.
0380973464|5.0|When I first picked up Cryptonomicon I thought, &quot;Goodie!  This one will keep me busy for awhile.&quot;  900 pages qualifies as a tome in my library.  No such luck.  I read it in 3 days.  I got up at 4am today to  finish it.  This book sucks you in and doesn't let go.  I WANT MORE.<br />If  you're looking for a fascinating read, this is it.  The worlds of war,  math, the internet, politics, treasure hunting, and of course cryptography  collide in a vortex that keeps your butt in your seat.<br />Some of the other  reviewers thought it was too long--no way.  I can't wait to read the next  one.  I really enjoyed experiencing the lives of these characters.  The  plot is meaty and the digressions--math debates, philosophy, hard-core  compuspeak, etc--keep your head in the game.  There is no way you can skip  ahead, skim, etc without losing the thread of the complex plot.  This is  great for an adept book cheater like me (I usually whittle a 900 pager down  to about 300 in short order.).  And, despite a few inaccuracies my  disbelief was well suspended.
B000000OE7|5.0|My recurring thought when listening to this CD is that Freddie Mercury died far to young, as he obviously had much more to give the music world. This is the best album that Queen has produced. I  have listened to this CD  every week since buying it in 1996,  something that I can say for very few  others. There are no weak tracks, and  my favorite song seems to change on  a regular basis. &quot;Too Much Love Will Kill You&quot; and &quot;Let Me  Live&quot; are Mercury at his best. This last effort rivals any of the  Greatest Hits compilations, and will go down on my list of all time  favorites.
B00000JG41|4.0|It is apparent that Mike Patton has an appreciation for Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys. &quot;California&quot; pays tribute to Wilson's greatest effort &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;. <br />Track by track this latest effort by Mr.  Bungle is nothing less than astonishing. Gone are the noise bits between  songs. What has returned is an eveness to the whole project. This is no  &quot;Disco Volante&quot;.  &quot;California&quot;  is a blatant new  direction for this combo and it seems they've  refound their strengths  while eliminating the excesses that plagued their second effort. <br />I give  it four stars...only their first album would get five.
6302814359|2.0|This was a good movie if you like original living dead movie this is it but if you want a terrifying movie rent The Night Of The Living Dead 1990. I'm not trying to insult this movie, it had its moments and it was kind of  funny but not scarry
6304044836|5.0|This new remake is of Sabrina is great! I loved it ! The cast was great and I thought it was great how it was both comedy and a romantic movie. This new 1995 remake is fresh in the 90's although 1954 sabrina was  excellent too. The newer one was more upbeat. I would recommend this movie  to anyone, it is a movie that everyone should have in their own home. I  have watching so many times and can't even count!
0515123447|5.0|Jack Reacher IS Steven Seagal, only better looking. A new action hero, a man of few words, but boy... don't mess with him. A taut original plot, plenty of action &amp; a well constructed story. Lee Child has arrived.
0790740443|3.0|Nice idea that seems to be missing something.  One of Russell's better movies, due to his lack of actual dialogue.  There's still a little life in his waning career.  Character typecasting is way overdone.  The movie will  NOT appeal to a multitude of groups; automatic to fans of Starship Troopers  and Schwarzenegger's futuristic flix.  Worth the money to rent, but not  full theatre admission price.
B0000009OP|5.0|I AM SO SAD OVER THE LOSS OF MARK SANDMAN. WHERE IS ALL THE MEDIA COVERAGE?  WHAT A SAD DAY FOR THE MUSIC WORLD.
B00000GUZP|2.0|As a big Blondie fan, I was eager to hear some of Debbie's solo stuff. It doesn't measure up. Some people say that &quot;Koo Koo&quot; is one of the worst albums ever made. I wouldn't go that far, but it is not a CD I would  recommend to my friends. There are a few good tracks scattered throughout  (&quot;Oasis&quot; is a good song), but for the most part it is a second  rate, bastardized version of Blondie. Even if it had the Blondie name, it  wouldn't have been one of their highly regarded albums. Debbie Harry is a  great and dynamic singer, so the lackluster quality of this album was a  suprise.<br />But one thing I can say, the album cover is great.
0375707972|5.0|This is a magnificent, thoughtful, lyrical work, one which is utterly unforgettable.  The clash of morality and the deepest human love is explored in a way that provokes the most profound thoughts.  Obviously,  from previous comments, there are some readers who are either offended by  the author's honesty or simply didn't &quot;get it&quot;.  My advice to you  obtuse, impervious folks: Stick to Danielle Steele.
6305265488|5.0|This is an all around great film.  I saw it in the theatre and loved it so much I bought the video and have seen it a number of times - and look forward to watching it again!  Drew Barrymore proves herself again as a  truly talented actress and this is my favorite performance of hers to date.   In the role of Danielle she sparkles with wit, humor, intelligence and  beauty.  Dougray Scott and the rest of the cast are excellent as well.  The  scenery is stunning, and the story is engaging and entertaining.  Danielle  is, indeed, a Cinderella for our time.  She is strong, idealistic,  spirited, determined and fun.  This is a magical movie, see it!
B000002U6E|5.0|I don't have this CD, but I have listened to it. My dad borrowed this CD from a friend and taped it for car trips. I remember listening to the beautiful, soothing music in the car and slowly drifting off to sleep. Enigma's music is so soothing, it calms you. Your mind escapes trouble and  sorrow. This music is very unique. Everyone should give this wonderful  music a try.<br />-Megan B. L. aka Candy, 12
B000002RXS|5.0|This is the greatest Carmen on CD. An manificent, unforgettable recording
0684867621|2.0|AHHHHH!!!!  As a Stephen King fan I was greatly disapointed with this &quot;book.&quot; King definitely has a way with words as he has proven in all his other novels, but this one misses the mark of being a King book.
0800109090|5.0|Although many people believe that Pitt is the star of &quot;Legends of the Fall&quot;  I believe that the real star is  Quinn. He speaks, acts, and is romance.  His love for Ormond is boundless.  Through the years you can see  the love grow and grow within him.  Although the death of her at the end is  sad, it is the death of life, within Quinn, that is real sadness. This is  one of the best movies I have ever seen or owned.
0767817478|5.0|I've heard that the old Godzilla movies were better, but I never saw them. So, obviously, I can't compare. But, I thought this was a great movie.
6305108145|5.0|Forget what anyone else says DAWN is the ultimate.  Anyone who says otherwise does not fully appreciate the Zombie film genre.
B000002MZ6|5.0|My first Oldfield album was Tubular Bells 2.  <br />This album flows seamlessly from track to track. Perfect for relaxing, but I will warn you now...you WILL lose all track of time.<br />My only complaint with the CD is  the software track at the beginning, it is only in MAC format and some CD  players won't read the whole CD because of it.
0767830555|4.0|thats the only problem i have with this &quot;special edition&quot;. the last scenes had the color messed up so the gay MPAA would give it a R rating. its not the darn 70's anymore, the MPAA has lightened up ALOT.  restore the color cause with the redone THX transfering stuff the blood at  the end looks like juice from sliced ham at a deli, IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE  BLOOD!!! and it takes alot away from the film. maltin is such a jerk! this  movie ain't that violent at all. any steven segal movie outdoes this one by  a long shot!  god i wish they put the color back cause it also messes up  the entire flow of the film. its just plain horrible. i love this film  otherwise.
0684874350|5.0|I was amazed to learn that Mr. MCourt and I shared so many childhood memories even though we grew up in different countries and in a different generation. It was comforting to now be able to laugh at some of the  situations that used to make me cry. And to know that it is possible to  succeed no matter what our past bestows on us is inspiring.  Thank you, Mr.  McCourt, for making it clear that humor can be found even in the worst  childhoods.
0783228570|5.0|This movie is great.  Al Pacino is great.  Anyone who would bash this film because of the violence (see review below) needs to look at reality.  Life is violent.  This movie is somewhat violent. There are definately more  violent movies out there.  Would this bashing of violence also apply to  such amazing films as Saving Private Ryan??  At any rate, see this movie  ASAP.  It will linger in your mind days after its conclusion....which is  one of the most intense endings in movie history.
0385493800|2.0|Although I found the part of the story which took place in Brazil interesting, I found myself leafing through pages just to make the effort to get through the book.  I personally did not like any of the heirs and so  it was hard to read their life stories.  Hope Mr. Grisham can create a more  interesting book in the future.
B000002LQR|5.0|I know i'm not mistaken...this is the best red hot chilli peppers has ever put out! Get it, fast...before the world's supply runs out of it!!!! Any red hot chilli peppers fan would love this cd.  Let alone anybody at all.  This is even better than &quot;What Hits?&quot; and &quot;One Hot  Minute&quot;.  Hey...and there's another one just as good as this, if not  better: their newest 1999 cd &quot;Californiacation&quot;... RED HOT CHILLI  PEPPERS rule the world!!!!!!!!!!! ...second to God.
0783225903|4.0|I enjoyed the effects of this movie and the different ways the tie the main characters love life to his dreams.
0684867621|1.0|First, let me say that I am a huge fan of Stephen King, but I did not like this book.  I was utterly bored and couldn't force myself to finish.  It was so slow and the story wasn't compelling at all.  Such a disappointment after  Bag of Bones!!
6303965415|5.0|I had been a Jane Austen movie fan (Emma and Sense&amp; Seneibility) but not entirely sure I would like Persuasion.  It was supposed to be about a girl who couldn't stand up to her family and refusing the guy she loved.  I  am a very head strong person and did not like the idea of such a weak  character.  I changed my mind soon.  The scenery was beatiful and Anne I  was soon liking a lot.  Charles was one of my favorite characters with his  hunting.  The love letter was the best I have ever heard and when they  finally get together in the end.  Beautiful!  It's worth your money.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I love Everlast and that's what propelled me to but this album. However, it wasn't his song that I was impressed with, though it was good, just not great. The song that really took me by surprise was &quot;Smooth&quot; with  Matchbox20's Rob Thomas. I am a Matchbox20 fan however thought that this  particular collaboration would never ever work. Boy was I wrong! This has  got to be by far the best track on the cd. Rob's voice and Santana's guitar  fit together beautifully. Just listen and see what I mean! Who'd of ever  thought Rob Thomas could sound so incredibly sexy?!?
0312199066|5.0|What most of us fail to understand these days is just how fantastic what we as a nation and as a planet did 30 plus years ago. Gene Cernan tells his story and reminds us of how wonderfull the experiance was.  We have  forgotten how to find wonder in our universe these days, Gene Cernan's  book, much as Tom Hanks' FROM THE EARTH TO THE MOON, reminds us of a time  when there was hope for the future.   Thanks Gene.
6304675348|4.0|Scream is a good horror film but it didn't live  up to what I expected.When it first came out I  couldn't wait to see it but then when I finally did see it I was disappointed.I did still enjoy Scream . I thought  the part with Drew Barrymore was excellent and quite scary.Overall Scream  wasn't very scary and I was only 12 when I saw it. I also liked the part  near the end was in the house with the killer.But at the day Scream is a  good horror with a few good thrills and spills.
1558908366|5.0|This is my favorite movie. I just play this tape whenever I don't feel good and whenever I want to be happy. There is nothing to tell badly about this movie. Just buy this one. And watch it. You will agree with me. I'm  sure.......... And you will like the music too.
B000001FXV|4.0|First, I bought Legend.I like Legend a lot more than Live. I think its the best album ever made. Then I bought Natural Mystical which was also excellent. Live isn't at the same level as the other two albums. The only  new song that I liked was &quot;Lively Up Yourself.&quot;
B00000JCB2|1.0|I happened to listen to a copy of Significant Other recently.  It was wholly laughable.  I thought they were bad before, but now they have sunk to a new low.  I saw them on MTV recently claiming that they had  &quot;matured.&quot; HA! Their songs are still common aggro-rock, And Fred  has no lyrical skill whatsoever.  He raps like a 13 year old kid at a  school talent show.  Hamfisted guitar work, and beats that I've heard on a  dozen other albums.  I don't care what they say, they have no sense of  expanding melody.  And a quick word of advice to DJ Lethal, and the rest of  the band.  Scratching the band's name and Method Man's name is not clever.   It makes you look like the self-praising, attention-grubbing fad followers  you are.  To All The Limp Bizkit Fans: Keep It REAL!!!!
B000002O7C|5.0|I bought this CD especially for the title song (Russian choir). The whole soundtrack is excellent, but that song is enthralling: full of vigour, Russian melancholy and, at the same time, determination of sailors in their  dangerous mission. Mr Poledouris' score ranks up to the best ones by the  never forgotten Dimitri Tiomkin.
0790729989|5.0|Amazon may not accept returns, but Suncoast Video will, no questions asked.
0913866156|5.0|The Rider-Waite deck, one of the most popular Tarot decks, was designed by a member of the Golden Dawn, but watered down to avoid giving away that Order's symbolism. Crowley was another member of the Golden Dawn, and at  one time favored to succeed its founder, and when he founded his own  magickal order he put his whole heart and arte into designing this deck. No  tricks, nothing held back.<br />The Book of Thoth, Crowley's commentary on his  deck, is awfully dense for a beginner or for someone just interested in  Tarot and not the occult underpinnings. On the other hand, the little cheat  sheet booklet that comes with the deck is pretty good, and probably all you  need to start doing readings.<br />As for doing readings, treat the deck in  the same way you would treat a friend - with respect, casually when  appropriate, never carelessly, always with great personality.<br />Owned at  least 20 decks before, and always return to this one.<br />M
B0000024V2|5.0|Johnny Winter is now pretty much the blues purist, but there was a time where he flirted with rock 'n roll and didn't do too badly at it, either. This is a white-hot stone killer of an album, with Winter and his band  (including brother Edgar) roaring through 11 songs with style. My favorite  is the last one, &quot;Fast Life Rider,&quot; about 8-or-so minutes of  guitar rave-ups that never falter. Winter also does all right by Dylan's  &quot;Highway 61 Revisited,&quot; Little Richard and even &quot;Johnny B.  Goode,&quot; which you never thought you'd want to hear again until you  hear this incredible version. This is a Winter's gale blowing full-blast!
6304675348|5.0|First off I'd like to mention that putting a character like Randy in is excellent! And then, at the party at the end the kids were doing somthing new in a horror flick. They were watching one! &quot;Scream&quot; is a  ground breaking rule braker! I loved it and so will you.
6305078564|5.0|I simply love this novel by Jane Austen, and very happy to find it on DVD as well. The characters are just like in the book, and BBC have stayes very true to the book. This movie is the best I've ever seen, and will always  be my favourite.
6305327084|5.0|Possibly the most unexpected movie based on the title I have seen in years. The actors may not be my favorites, but when you put them together with some great writing and a sound score, it becomes a warm and reflective  story. I know that for me as a male it brought back many memories and I  think it would appeal in a similar way for females.
B000009QPE|5.0|A true metalhead gets more out of 27 minutes of this album then 6 albums of Black Sabbath. Black Sabbath is cool to fist bang to, but if you want SPEED, Reign is for you. No, the band isn't going to win any poetry  contests, but who cares? The guitar riffs are amazing simply because of  their speed. Anyone can play fast, but King and Hanneman  have made a  science of it. This is the best metal album of all time, period. Anyone who  says differently is sadly misinformed.
0780622545|5.0|This is definately on at least my Top 3 list of movies.  It has a great, twisting plot that will keep you guessing until the end.  It also has great special effects, particularly when the city is &quot;tuned.&quot;  It's  also strange and offbeat, which I love in a movie.  While not for everyone,  if you're a sci-fi fan or are in the mood for something different, check it  out.
B0000060NA|5.0|Now I know fully why Stevie Wonder is the master, frequently copied, never duplicated. His influences span musical genres, from classical to Latin to Big Band to jazz to R&amp;B to funk--and it shows in every song with his  own unique vision.<br />I bought this CD to re-listen to my favorite cut,  &quot;Ngiculela-Es Una Historia-I Am Singing,&quot; which I fell in love  with as a 12-year-old when I ran out to buy the two-record vinyl set. The  Grammy's the night before where Wonder reigned supreme in a sweep of nearly  every category with his monster hit, &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life,&quot;  convinced me I needed to hear what the fuss was about. I didn't fully  appreciate him until I listened again, in CD form, a few weeks ago.<br />The  cascading joy of my favorite song came flooding back with every  percussive/synthesized acoustic note, at once Latin and African, melded  into a universal cosmic flavor. I even remembered the words sung to the two  languages other than English, Zulu and Spanish. The tears returned as well.  But I discovered the rest.<br />Inspired from every kind of music one can  dream of, Wonder weaves them all throughout.  &quot;Sir Duke&quot; was a  hit not just because it had groove. But because it encompassed the essence  of what the man was singing about, groove ain't enough, a classic must make  you &quot;feel it all over.&quot; And you do. As he expertly mingles salsa,  jazz, funk, Big Band sounds and soul. The horns are reminiscent of all his  heroes which he sings about in the lyrics. Yet remain vintage Wonder. Then,  there's &quot;Another Star,&quot; a harken back to the Tijuana Brass and  Latin rhythms, a hypnotic repetition of &quot;La La&quot; that is never  merely a repeat but growing until the crescendo in percussion beat into  nearly an orgasmic high. I felt like stripping my clothes off and doing a  rhumba on cloud nine. The melody is a sophisticated piggyback of piano,  horns and a variety of percussive instruments. Intoxicating.<br />I could go  over 1,000 words effusively, enthusiastically, over this American icon. The  hairs in the back of my neck standing on end in &quot;Black Man&quot; all  over again. The intricacies of instrumental, &quot;Contusion,&quot; taking  me to a blues-influenced 60s Britain and reminding me a bit of Level 42's  &quot;43&quot; and &quot;Heathrow&quot; in the British band's early years.  They, of course, consciously or not, tapped into what Stevie Wonder  creates.<br />The brilliance of this artist is his ability to entice with  memorable, moveable melody with an innate sense of honor of all instruments  that play, baby play.<br />I am now catching up on my worship of the man the  way I should've years ago. Better late than never.
0451169514|5.0|When the miniseries aired, I was in the third grade. My dad forced me to watch it, and I had trouble getting to sleep for days afterwards! However, curiosity led me to check the book out from the library a week later, and I  have to say that it topped the miniseries by a mile! I'm 19 now, and I  recently re read the book. Needless to say, i was scared all over again.A  horror classic.
B00000DFTG|5.0|This is simply superb!! In fact the best comeback i have seen !! Theys guys seem to show no limits to ageing!!! Listening to the ppl who showed the world the way to rock is an experience altogether. Amust buy for any  sabbath fan!!
6305546797|5.0|Some time ago Anchor Bay released a DVD version of&quot;Halloween&quot; that had so many visual and audio faults thatthey decided to go all out on a completely redone version.  They hired some of the best people in the business to provide a THX certified, 16x9 widescreen, 5.1 Dolby Digital version.  Over the course of their development, they found &quot;a new 35mm wetgate interpositive (struck from the original camera negative),&quot; and they used the original 16-Track movie studio master for the audio portion.  In every case they used the best original material to recreate the original movie version as well as a second disk containing the televised version (12 minutes of additional scenes). Anchor Bay spent a great deal of time, money, and trouble to insure that this new digital version met the standards required for THX certification and professional approval. Every indication points to this limited edition two disk set as a definitive quality release.
B0000025RQ|5.0|Originally bought for &quot;You've got another thing coming&quot; but browsed through other tracks that eventually grew on me very strong. Rob's voice is unparallel by none in the metal business. Guitarring was well  matched with the drum beats and the lyrics helped me deal with everyday  frustrations by relieving stress.  I was very determined after this album  to purchase others to become my favorite all time band. There is not one  band out there whose albums contain a massive amount of tracks I enjoy!!!
6304510861|5.0|Why does a movie have to have meaning?  This movie i believe evokes a dreamlike trance on the viewer, magically casting you into a bizarre world created by the master filmmaker himself, David Lynch.  If you just lay  back, turn off all the lights, open your mind up a bit and allow yourself  to sucumb to the movies spell, you will indeed be taken on a trippy journey  along David Lynch's Lost highway.
B0000042MY|5.0|I got this not long after the movie came out 7 years ago, and it still is my favorite soundtrack ever.  Only thing dissapointing about the CD is that it's not as complete as the score in the  film.  I particularly missed the  part they cut off &quot;the kiss&quot;, which was my favorite song.  The  part they cut out was hauntingly beautiful, too bad it didn't make it to  the CD as well.
0790729628|5.0|Ah, Blade Runner.  This film holds a special place in my heart.  the first time i saw Blade Runner i was 13 years old.  Too young at the time, i did'nt quite realize what i was witnessing.  i do know this, it cast an  eternal spell on me and to this day it still remains my favorite movie of  all time.  When i viewed it again years later, i began to appreciate the  aestetics, the dreariness, the complexities, the intricicies, all set to a  haunting score that chills your soul.  While viewing it, i seem to be drawn  inward, examining my soul leaving me with an inexplicable feeling of  elation.  I love both versions.  i think a critic mentioned that the  voice-over narration was &quot;irratating&quot; or something so everyone  else had to jump on that bandwagon.  Come on all you Blade Runner junkies,  i never heard anyone else complaining about the movie before that. Put  quite simply, Blade Runner is an absolute masterpiece and is in my oppinion  the most UNDERRATED movie ever reviewed. Also check out some of Ridley  Scott's other absolute masterpieces:  Alien, Thelma and Louise to name a  few.
0767811038|1.0|Heinlein was not exactly a second Socrates but he was a serious and often original writer. This is a squalid travesty and plainly a labour of hatred. Heinlein's ideas are mendaciously distorted. SF fans should avoid it, both  for its defamation of the work of a major writer and for its bad science.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I love this CD so much it's by far the best Offspring Cd yet. Americana rocks the world! Yeah! I think Offspring is the best band ever. Smash itself was great but this beats Smash by far!You should by it right now at  the best online shop amazon.com!!
068484267X|5.0|What a rare pleasure reading &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; was.  I could not put the book down.  While the pictures he painted of povery were hard to take, the bit of devilish humor he injected helped me get through them.  I  can't wait for the sequel.
0805017305|5.0|This is a true but  sad history of exactly step by step of how the white man tricked, stole, traded and just took over America and moved the Indians out of their homeland. The Indians, unlike the white man never considered  the land theirs to buy or sell. Only to preserve the land  and care for it  for those who followed. The white mans greed for land is what led to the  end of the real Native Americans. This story needs to be told to the entire population of the world.  If I had the means to help Peter Fonda and this project, I would. This book  should be mandatory reading in all high schools in america.
B000002MQ9|5.0|I purchassed this cassette on import in about 1987.  I also bought it on vinyl.  And finally again several years later on cd.  This is the first Dead Can Dance album I ever owned.  It is the album that made Dead Can  Dance my favorite band.  Every song on this album is magical.  The album  takes you out of your day into a dream.  It's especially satisfying on a  rainy day while you burn insence and candles.  It's a must have. This is  one of the greatest albums of all times.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This CD reminds me of her concert that I recently attended, which was spellbinding.
6305165912|4.0|this movie caught me by surprise, i thought it was just some quickly thrown together peice of junk aiming for a cheap chuckle. most of the humor was cheap in this movie, but oddly it was fun to watch dude (the main  character) get into deeper crap than before. but dont buy it without seeing  at least a little of it first because there is a lot of &quot;vulgar&quot;  language used in the film. you either like the movie,or simply despise it's  very existence. i liked it.
B000005RS9|5.0|Is this the mono version of \\"Piper\\"? Like the Beatles on most of their albums, on this album Floyd only participated in the mono mixing, leaving the stereo versions to the producer and engineers.
B000003TB6|5.0|The roots strike again with a Jazzy bunch of striat Hip Hop. This group of young bothers are extreamly talented, and they show us by laying down this rooted Hip Hop treat.
0140868445|5.0|The narrator brings the tone and dialect of the characters (especially Tom Joad)to life without interfering with the story. I was so enthralled with the story that I listened to the entire book in a week. A gread read. A  great reading.
B000002B38|4.0|I can't understand why people seem to have such problems with this album. True, it's just rehashed material, but they put on an extremely entertaining concert for the recorder this time. While the crowd noises do  get a little obnoxious, they're not bad, and you can always skip past them  between songs. It's also a great way to get a lot of Floyd material on CD  if you don't have many of their other albums.
B000001Y42|5.0|This cd truly is the best of the two. Significant other doesnt really have the wholeness of this album. Great guitars, bass, and drums, not to mention fred durst's awesome angry lyrics. If you like unique heavy metal/rap, this  cd is a great one.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This is very good album. It is not half as good as  three dollar yall, but if you are a hardcore limpbizkit fan, you will like, but get the first one too.
0380715430|4.0|This was a great book.  After reading Bryson's Walk in the Woods, I fell in love with his sophisticated humor and wonderful style of writing.  He is great author!  This was another mind pleaser
B000000OR9|2.0|A very polished and professional sounding recording, but the songs just aren't memorable. A good try, but two thumbs down.
0515123447|5.0|An excellent debut by the author. Jack Reacher IS Steven Seagal, only better looking. The language is terse, no words wasted. The plot is taut. Mr.Child has actually done some research into counterfeit currency. This  book will make an excellent action thriller movie. I look forward to more  Jack Reacher. He's as cool as ice!
B00000DGUG|3.0|Not so good compared to Jagged Little Pil
0553208845|5.0|Read this book.  Give this book to your children to read.  Donate this book to prisons for inmates to read.  Give this to elderly to read.  there is no one who cannot benefit in some way from reading this book.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I've been a jazz pianist for 44 years now -- done a lot of playing and heard a lot of singers.  Diana Krall is at the top of my list -- she is the perfect jazz musician.  This CD doesn't display her brilliant piano work,  but her vocals are perfect -- no one can sing jazz better than she can.  The strings really do enhance the overall performance, and they're not  overdone.  Get this one -- you'll love it, especially &quot;I Can't Give  You Anything But Love&quot; -- brilliant.<br />John Bresnik
B0000062FN|5.0|This album does kick butt. Great percussion and listen to the guitar interplay specially on Toussaint L'overture. Up and coming Neal Schon is good but Carlos is the bomb. The best way to describe it is, Neal can make  the guitar scream but Carlos can make it cry. Having the Tower of Power in  there, doesn't hurt and of course Luis Gasca, what a great trumpet player,  he played with a lot of people back in the late sixties and early seventies  including Janis Joplin and also Malo and then, kind of, disappeared. This  is a Santana must have. 5 stars plus.
0060926317|5.0|It is a great way to really focus on what is really important in  life. I konw I get bogged down in stupid things that Aboriginals would find insignificant and silly to be worrying about. It is a beautiful story about  human life and how it should be lived and worth reading at least once a  year to keep in line!
B00000254Q|4.0|This is in regards to Mr. Black, who wrote the  critics comment. Who died and made you God? Are you a guitar player or just blowing smoke? Who do you consider a guitar genius? Andres Segovia, Juan Mercadal, John Williams, Joe  Pass, Del Staton, George Van Eps, Les Paul, Baden Powell, Eddie Van Halen  and many others including Carlos Santana are all guitar geniuses in their  field. Don't take my word for it. Carlos has been making records for 30  years, must be a genius at something.  I wonder why so many talented  musicians have recorded with him. His guitar tone, phrasing and feeling are  unequalled in popular music. If any individual with an instrument can evoke  emotions in the listeners then he is a genius. By the way in case you are  wondering I have been playing guitar and percussion for almost 40 years.  Listen more and critize less, you might be missing something
B000009DUY|3.0|This soundtrack is a bit disapointing,except for the incredible beautiful &quot;Hymn to the Fallen&quot;,one of the best pieces of music ever written in the world.They should have released the &quot;Hymn to the Fallen&quot;  single,cause the rest is boring.The score for &quot;Seven years in  Tibet&quot; is much better.
6305078564|5.0|This is the best adaptation of a Jane Austen Novel I have ever seen.  The story follows the novel very well and the characters are believable.  I highly recommend this to anyone who likes a romantic comedy.  This is  definitely worth the time it takes to watch the whole thing.  It is like a  book you can't put down.
B000002L9S|5.0|She hit it at the 3rd album!This is the start of how provocative she is going to be in the future...Great album, great songs and NO DOUBT an ALL TIME CLASSIC!
0684833395|5.0|To the reader from main Street USA (who I strongly suspect either didn't read the book, or didn't understand it)<br />1 - The Military IS evil - though not neccesarily the individuals within it.<br />2 - not evertone in the  military is an idiot - just the ones that aren't evil<br />3 - Not everyone  who mocks the military is heroic - but anyone who does it as well as Heller  (or Yossarian, if you like) certainly is<br />the reason you hate this book is  because you and your philosphy are its targets. I am sure Heller would hate  a reactionary idiot like you to like the book. if you did, he'd have got  something wrong.
B000002C4J|1.0|I wonder whose idea was that to create a NEW Barbra Streisand out of Celine Dion? He/she should have made the mistake of his entire life...This album may be commercial, I say nothing to that,BUT why does she shout so  often even though she doesn't have a proper voice? And I DO think she  doesn't know where to emphasize the words so the lyrics sound so  awkward!(ex : &quot;Thatch&quot; instead of &quot;that&quot;! - My Heart  will go on)<br />She should take two lessons :<br />1. English 2. Singin'
B0000025YM|5.0|fast speed metal, judas priest, motorhead and testament and dokken...what else do you want???...top cosmic rush of sound glory fury the apotheosis of modernman in this wild runaway world...i loved the heavy metal shows of the  l970s and 80s..hated disco...this is the real deal...powerage riffs
1568495110|5.0|I read this book when I was fifteen years old, and it swallowed me whole. I thought in nadsat, mulled the words over until I came to their exact meaning (I had an old library copy with no glossary, which made it even  better) and I felt like I had discovered something that no-one else knew  about. It belonged to ME, which I feel even now, 4 years later. Loads of  people have read it, and I've read their reviews, but I still feel a  personal link to the Humble Narrator, and that's the genius of Burgess'  writing. He's inspired me to become a writer, too.
0060920084|1.0|Mr. Bryson is a writer of astonishingly meager abilities...here is a potentially rich and fascinating subject to which he has failed miserably to do justice, and the monumental chip on his shoulder makes for tortured  reading.  If I could have awarded him 0 stars, I would have!  Look  elsewhere for intelligent, enlightened, and humorous travel writing!
B000002HMH|5.0|those of you who are real metallica fans would not cut themdownand call them sellouts the cd was just a little different from the previous stuff its still great and they are the best band ever
0002318350|4.0|It was a great idea to write about, but the bad thing about agatha christie's books is that the end is impossible to know. Of course it's not fun if you know the ending, but you have to have a chance to figure it out.  Otherwise it was good!
0440180295|1.0|i, too, was one of the deceived few who picked up this book thinking that this would be a wrenching novel, one of those novels that makes you sit there and take a good look inside yourself.  Instead, there was this  incredibly simple, pointless, and RAMBLING novel that went all over the  place.  There was no coherence throughout the book, there were no  &quot;deep&quot; scenes that made me put down the book for a few minutes  and say &quot;WOW&quot;, and Vonnegut has this annoying habit of making  quantum leaps within his subject matter.  I guess that's due to the time  travel premise in the story, but that doesn't make it any less irritating.   The other problem i seriously have with this book, and maybe this is why i  hated Catch-22 as well, is the &quot;anti-war&quot; theme.  I find it  strange that a person can completely denounce &quot;war&quot;, when  &quot;war&quot; (yes, as another reader said, War IS bad), freed the early  American colonies from Britain's iron grip.  The Great Depression wouldn't  have ended if a certain man named Hitler had decided that he was satified  with his little plot of land in Eastern Europe.  I'm not condoning war,  but, in war, as in anything, you've got to take the good with the bad.  In  addition, most wars have been of the unavoidable type.  Remember the period  before World War II when America was practicing her isolationist policy?   Well, uh, we ended up going into that one somehow.  Oh,hell, look at me  now, I guess I'm rambling.......Anyways, if you would like to read about  war, i suggest you bypass this book and peruse a nonfiction account of  whatever war you're interested in.  I just finished reading &quot;A Bright  Shining Lie&quot; by Neil Sheehan and I'd highly recommend it.  (It's on  the Vietnam War.)
B00000J7JO|5.0|This was one of their greatest cds. i am very happy that john is back even though dave was cool too. when i first listened to it, i was lying in bed with my portable cd player, cuz the neighbors get mad at loud music. i  thought to myself oh my god this music just makes me feel like i could run  a million miles, i could climb up the inside of a volcano, i could do  anything! otherside made chills run up my spine and tears come to my eyes,  while around the world made me wanna get up and jump around and scream my  head off. to sum it all up i loved this cd. RHCP's are one of the few, very  few bands who are orginal.  rock on chili pepper fans!!
0723241120|5.0|This lovely boxed set of Potter stories, individually bound in the size prescribed by the author herself, suitable for little hands, is a treasure to have.  The presentation box makes them easy to keep together as a set.   The collection makes a wonderful baby gift for someone special!
630518299X|3.0|I saw this for the first time in the theater and when it was over I thought to myself, &quot;I shouldn't have wasted my money on it.&quot; I really thought it was such a dumb movie! But then the other night it was on  TV and I was bored so I sat down and watched it and I actually thought it  was pretty good- definitely not the best or one of my favorites, but it's  worth renting if you're bored. hope ya like it!
6301978587|1.0|This film has done more to promote ugly  anti-Hasidic stereotypes about how we Hasidim  supposedly mis-treat women (not!) than anything  else I know of in the media market. As REAL  Hasidic Jews, both my wife and I  found it  inane and insulting.<br />The original I.B. Singer story,  &quot;Yentl  the Yeshiva Boy,&quot; was about a female-to-male transgender  person who remained living as  a man even after the divorce.  It was not a  third-wave feminist polemic about a woman who eventually went to America to  find  &quot;freedom.&quot;  (That scene on the boat to America is in  neither the original story nor the play.)<br />Streisand's film tells us a  whole lot more  about about her own agendas than it does about  traditional  Jews.  If you must watch this, at least keep in mind that it is about as  stereotyped in its portrayal of Hasidic Jews as &quot;Tonto&quot; was about  Native Americans.
6304211740|5.0|The video has it's ups and downs. Though, not exact (like any other movie) like the book, it is a very good movie to see. Those who have not read the book will find this drama/romatic movie beautiful and interesting.  Almost  like a fairy tale hit with reality.
B00000JG41|5.0|A friend of mine and I had a little chat about the new Bungle album.  We think that their first album was their most &quot;commercial&quot; (that is in comparison to the rest of their cds), Disco Volante was their most  experimental, and now California is certainly their most most mature.   Mature in the sense that they are really coming together as musicians.   Though I do prefer Disco Volante over California, California is certainly  the best album I will hear until the next Mr. Bungle album.  Hopefully we  won't have to wait another four years.  See you at the Bungle show in  Toronto.  Only eight more days!!!
0968236405|5.0|If there was only one book i could read for the rest of my life, this would be it!  Tolle speaks to the &quot;knower&quot; behind the knowing.  Read it and experience it for yourself....
B000002MTR|5.0|One hot minute is hot. Great songs and great lyrics, what more can you ask for. Their best one is still Blood Sugar Sex Magick, but this one has to be second.
B000002UDB|2.0|Back in the early 1960s, the freshly-scrubbed Beatles, in common with the rest of the music industry in the UK, refused to put previously released singles on their albums - because (or so the reasoning went) your average  punter would feel cheated if he forked out good money for songs he'd  already bought in 45 rpm format. Well, by 1968 these noble sentiments had  been packed off to Siberia. And what you get is the Beatles' Ultimate Con  Job: 'Strawberry Fields Forever' and 'Penny Lane', both recorded and  released back-to-back in 1967, then turn up A FULL ONE AND A HALF YEARS  LATER on 'Magical Mystery Tour', where they fit in just about as seamlessly  as Marilyn Manson at an Amish PTA Meeting. (BTW, both of these undeniably  great songs were once destined for release on 'Sgt. Pepper'.) So it's  suspect, to put it mildly, to regard these as legit MMT songs. And, in any  case, both are found on the 1967-70 'Blue Album' compilation - as are the  title track 'Magical Mystery Tour', 'The Fool on the Hill', 'Hello  Goodbye', 'All You Need Is Love' and 'I Am the Walrus'. A lot of people  think that this emphasis on MMT songs drags the Blue Album down a bit - a  criticism that certainly not justified as far as the acid-trip inspired  'Walrus' is concerned. In my opinion, it was one of the most interesting  songs John Lennon ever conceived, even down to the way it was written.  (Lines like 'semolina pilchard climbing up the Eiffel Tower' were generated  by Lennon walking over to his typewriter at random intervals and putting  down the first thing that came into his head.)<br />So what does that leave me  to say about the remainder? 'Baby You're a Rich Man' reminds me of Yellow  Submarine's 'Hey Bulldog' - all the ingredients of a great song, let down  by criminal negligence in the lyrics. ('Baby you're a rich man / Baby  you're a rich man, too / You keep all your money in a big brown bag at the  zoo / What a thing to do' - want more samples? Didn't think so.) 'Blue Jay  Way' is okay but hardly essential; 'Flying', ditto. 'Your Mother Should  Know' is a really nice nostalgic track that's also included on Anthology 2.  In short, you'd get the best of 'Magical Mystery Tour' (which, 'Walrus'  aside, ain't exactly stellar) by buying the 'Blue Album' - it's an  expensive investment to spring for the rest. I love the Beatles but I have  to honestly say that they fell short on 'Magical Mystery Tour' - the least  essential Beatles album next to  'Yellow Submarine.'
B000002MTR|5.0|So far out of all the Red Hot Chili Peppers cd made this one has to be my favorite. All the songs sound great and My favorite is Deep Kick. Buy this one today
6303998704|5.0|If only film production companies could learn from a low-budget masterpiece like this one. Without shedding a drop of blood or showing a single moment of superfluous gore, this claustrophobic little film plays  with the heroine and the audience. We question our perception of reality,  of morality and of fear. A ghost story in the true sense, the cheap  production actually adds to the surreal atmosphere. A keeper--never to be  watched by underage kiddies, alone, or when you are depressed!
0780622650|5.0|Alot of people on this site keep saying the movie was stupid because of poor acting and story but what i've mostly seen people complain of was special effects and then one user said that the people who made the movie  where more worried about the special effects than the acting and plot now  why do you think that is huh thats a trick questionl. Duh all people care  about in movies and shows is the special effects and who says that the has  to be a straightfoward plot people don't always have to copy off the other  ways movies are made.  <br />All in all I love this movie and who says it's to  complicated for kids what are you saying were stupid maybe it's to  complicated for you.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This is a great CD if you are a Metallica fan or a music lover looking for a great CD I recommend Metallicas Garage Inc.  The songs I reccomend are Turn the Page,Mercyful fate,Astromony,Whiskey in the Jar,and Tuesdays gone.   Put this CD in your cart you'll be glad you did.
B000001OAA|5.0|This is a great CD.  On the whole, I think Version 2.0 is slightly better, but this CD has many many good songs, few of which you will ever hear on the radio.  This album complements Version 2.0 very well, both have their  own unique style and charisma.  I can hardly wait for Garbage's third  album, or even just their next song.
B000002LUB|5.0|Black Sabbath revisits it's Dio-era glory days!  Awesome...  Dio has never sounded better.  Although not quite as good as Heaven &amp; Hell, or the Ozzy material, as far as aggression and heaviness goes, it's among the  best. This is a lean, mean, brute of hulking steel.
B0000070QN|5.0|If I were on a desert island and was allowed one CD, it would be this one.  Each song is fantastic, and the guitar solo on &quot;Mandy&quot; is wonderful.  It's a shame these guys are making a go of it in Japan...they  need to show themselves here in the U.S.  I used to drive to Canada to buy  their music (I didn't care what the cost of travel was) because I couldn't  find it anywhere else.  This is a must-have!
