0553386794|5.0|I've been absolutely loving the series on Sky Atlantic, and when buying the book I expected a look into the deeper world of this fantasy series. And that is exactly what I got! This is a terrific series of books and HBO were right to invest in it. I can't wait to see the outcome and resolution of the first series, and in the meantime this collection makes great bed time reading.
B001E45XT4|5.0|Very impressed by the sound quality, comfort, awesome look, and mic quality.    6/5 stars    My previous headset was also Plantronics brand, which got 1000s of hours of use and abuse, and lasted years.  <3 Plantronics
B000EHSVQ4|4.0|I feel really bad for Ridley Scott, if only he had been able to bring this version to the cinema then history would look far more favourably on Kingdom of Heaven.     I think I'll clear the air about what I don't like about the film first. That would have to be the first ten minutes of the film. I absolutely love Michael Sheen, he was particularly superb in Frost Vs Nixon, but his performance here is wasted on an unnecessary opening story that is supposed to get the film moving but ultimately causes it some damage.     The first ten minute revenge sequence it the only thing I don't like about this amazing film. After that ten minutes you are in for a long and stellar ride. The story is brilliant and fascinating, the acting (Liam Neeson in particular) is superb, and I felt that Orlando Bloom - although not perfect - was good enough to carry the film.     I can't add much more, as I think everyone else here has praised the film enough. The one thing I love in particular is the portrayal of Muslims, Ridley Scott avoids all the clichés and doesn't stereotype - a refreshing change for a Hollywood production.
B004V6MWFU|5.0|Anybody who has played a Uke will appreciate this unique work of art! Vedder's exploration into UKULELE SONGS has transcended him to a stratum of a musicians' musician.  MDW
0817439390|1.0|The author of this book has a very particular style that I noticed in some other do-it-yourself American books. This book is written in a very informal language and is filled with anecdotes, metaphors, and other techniques that are supposed to help you understand exposure.    However, presenting pre-digested information in this way assumes that the reader does not have big aspirations and their understanding capabilities are low. If you like this spoon-feeding style, then you may like this book. I did not. I found it very annoying that whenever I was hoping to get some genuine and technical information, I got a pre-digested inaccurate metaphor. For instance, the author explains the ISO feature by comparing it to worker bees: ISO 100 = 100 working bees that carry light, ISO 200 = 200 bees and more light. To me this information explains nothing, it only provides a silly rule of thumb; that is not enough to understand photography. I believe that to reach a good understanding of photography you need to go beyond such simplistic heuristics and get to know a bit more of the technical side and receive in-depth explanations.    If you really want to gain an understanding of your digital camera and correct exposure, this book is not the best choice.    A wonderful series of books written in a compelling and professional, yet accessible to a beginner, way is by Harold Davis.
0123694965|5.0|It is really impressive book that explains the philosophy of game design. I recommend this book for game designers and everybody concerning the games. Thanks to Jesse Schell.
B0001MDP3G|5.0|This is a good movie except the end!!! all that and he dies at the end?!!! but good preformaces from all!!!
B0052UZIFA|4.0|i love that i got this game for free. So thank you Amazon. but the weird thing is when i first tried to get the game it said my device was not compatable. idk if this is for all mytouch slide users or just me. but if it is the mytouch slide users dont fret if you go in and out enough times it will let you download the game. but be sure you have froyo. because it is a seventy two megabyte download. so make sure you update your phone. because this is an amazing gameb for three bucks.
B00004TR2G|5.0|for the real original soundtrack recording of JAWS to come out. It took twenty-five years but it finally happened  and I could not have been happier. I bought the original MCA album (actually, I was only 13 in 1975 so my mom got it for me) and was both happy and disappointed. Happy that I actually had the music from the film and not so happy that it wasn't the \\"whole damn thing.\\" It was only Williams' re-recording of portions he selected and upon hearing them I thought it was a bit different than what I heard in the film. only later I found out why.    JAWS did a couple of things for me. First, it made me aware of film music and the power it can hold and I considered Williams my favorite composer until a year later. Second, it made me aware that Robert Shaw is still my all-time favorite actor. But here the music must take front and center.    It is truly one of the most iconic musical compositions of the last century that became so heavily entrenched in popular culture that virtually everyone knows this music when they hear it. John Williams really hit it out of the park and the Decca release of the actual session performances is one of the most significant album releases of 2000.  After scoring perhaps the three most successful disaster films of the 1970s it was only with his music for JAWS did  Williams become a force to be reckoned with. The original recordings contain a more raw primal element in the performances with the most ominous being the two note shark ostinato which is the main theme of the film. It was so  simple in execution and so effective that it earned an Academy Award despite its similarity to Bernard Herrmann's jarring string motifs from PSYCHO.    JAWS is a much more accessible film score in my opinion and has reached a far-reaching audience and rightfully so.  While some may argue that the score is not really an easy listen in its complete form then try listening to Elliot  Goldenthal's ALIEN 3 music. The music that Williams composed here is much more melodically enjoyable and it is easy to hear some homages to Korngold in some of the shark hunt music (\\"Man Against Beast\\" and \\"The Great Shark Chase\\"). I always termed Williams as more of a traditionalist in regards to his scoring style as opposed to the more modernist leanings of my top favorites Jerry Goldsmith and Alex North. By traditionalist I mean that a lot of his scores are leitmotif driven as the composers of Hollywood's Golden Age were.    Not that its a bad thing. I personally think that Williams best works are this score, BLACK SUNDAY, THE FURY, and  SUPERMAN. His music for JAWS displays his more groundbreaking ideas: the simplicity and primal power of the shark theme, the eerieness of \\"Quint's Tale\\", and the swashbuckling shark hunt music. His music here has a rawness that his later scores after STAR WARS no longer seem to have. Like any true artist his style has changed over the years and I find that I prefer his fresher sound in scores such as this one and BLACK SUNDAY. Personally, I don't find the complete score a hard listen at all. It even features some music that wasn't even used in the finished cut of the film so it comes as a pleasant surprise. Nowadays I find a lot of music in his scores to be a bit on the decorative side but here he really got at the guts of the film which is what every composer working in film is supposed to do. JAWS may well be one of the few perfect scores written for a film and works ingeniously well while at the same time stands on its own as a serious musical work.    For those who think his music for JAWS 2 was better I strongly disagree. The music was a bit over the top given some of the plot elements of the sequel but it just doesn't hold the raw power of the original. The Decca release should be in any self-respecting film music lovers collection. They just don't write 'em like this anymore!!
B004UXUXGE|4.0|&lt;strong>Cave of Forgotten Dreams&lt;/strong> (Werner Herzog, 2010)<br /><br />Every review of &lt;em>Cave of Forgotten Dreams&lt;/em>, I think, has mentioned at some point that (a) THIS is what 3D is really meant for, not that stuff-popping-out-at-you gig, and (b) Herzog's use of it here is nothing short of revolutionary. I will nod at it and movie on, save one big nag I'll get to presently, but I'm kind of stuck without it. I saw the movie a week ago, and the more I've thought about it since, the more I've come to the conclusion that the reason so many column inches have been focused on Herzog's just-shy-of-orgasmic use of 3D is because, when it gets right down to it, there's not a great deal else to say about this movie. Don't get me wrong, that doesn't mean you shouldn't go see it; you should, and you should do so at the earliest opportunity you have, and believe me, this is one you absolutely &lt;em>must&lt;/em> see in 3D. It will probably be about a dozen times better on the big screen, too. But it is not without flaws.<br /><br />This is a documentary in the purest sense of the word, at its best moments--it is a document of the discovery and exploration of Chauvet Cavern, home to the earliest known cave paintings on the planet. This is partially, Herzog explains, because he and his crew had very little time in the cavern, were made to stay on two-foot-wide metal walkways during shooting, and had to use a primitive, if you'll pardon the pun, light system. As a result, there is a great deal here that looks hasty, and there is very little artistry to it. This is, of course, belied by the 3D, but it's a convincing illusion if you look past that particular hole, and I love the air of authenticity it lends. When Herzog keeps his focus on the cave itself, this is Herzog's best work, and I say that as someone who has four of Herzog's films on my list of the best ever made. Yes, it's that good.<br /><br />On the other hand, as any veteran Herzog fan knows, \\"Herzog\\" and \\"focus\\" are often ill-used when spoken in the same breath, and that particular malady is just as present here as it usually is. About half the movie focuses on the cave itself. The rest focuses on Herzog's usual obsession, a band of oddballs who have formed around it, and those parts are much less about the cave than they are about the oddballs. These parts are distracting, especially in the 3D environment; what works so well in depicting cave walls is less useful when we're watching someone being interviewed.<br /><br />And now that nag I mentioned: there are certain times when the 3D isn't quite on. Okay, I correct myself; there are times when it just flies way outside the realms of acceptable. The first time you'll notice this is in the film's first few minutes, as the crew are walking up the path to the cave entrance. Focus (or, if you can help it, avoid focusing) on the wooden slats through which the rope guiderails run. As they turn a corner, one in the bottom left of the screen gets fuzzy enough to (in me, at least) induce an instant headache. That's the first time it happens, but not the last; offhand, I can think of at least three more points during the movie when the 3D also loses focus.<br /><br />Still, the good of this movie far, far outweighs the bad. The cave paintings themselves are stunning, and the 3D instills a sense of wonder that is impossible to get across in words; if you've ever heard someone describe visiting Ayers Rock for the first time, and getting a true sense of the massiveness of it that you just can't get from pictures, well, it's kinda like that, but different. If Herzog had simply given me a wordless ninety minutes of that, I probably would have immediately sent this film into my top 100. Its weaknesses prevent that, but it is still, when it brings its A game, an outstanding piece of work. See it as soon as you can. *** 1/2in the same breath, and that particular malady is just as present here as it usually is. About half the movie focuses on the cave itself. The rest focuses on Herzog's usual obsession, a band of oddballs who have formed around it, and those parts are much less about the cave than they are about the oddballs. These parts are distracting, especially in the 3D environment; what works so well in depicting cave walls is less useful when we're watching someone being interviewed.    And now that nag I mentioned: there are certain times when the 3D isn't quite on. Okay, I correct myself; there are times when it just flies way outside the realms of acceptable. The first time you'll notice this is in the film's first few minutes, as the crew are walking up the path to the cave entrance. Focus (or, if you can help it, avoid focusing) on the wooden slats through which the rope guiderails run. As they turn a corner, one in the bottom left of the screen gets fuzzy enough to (in me, at least) induce an instant headache. That's the first time it happens, but not the last; offhand, I can think of at least three more points during the movie when the 3D also loses focus.    Still, the good of this movie far, far outweighs the bad. The cave paintings themselves are stunning, and the 3D instills a sense of wonder that is impossible to get across in words; if you've ever heard someone describe visiting Ayers Rock for the first time, and getting a true sense of the massiveness of it that you just can't get from pictures, well, it's kinda like that, but different. If Herzog had simply given me a wordless ninety minutes of that, I probably would have immediately sent this film into my top 100. Its weaknesses prevent that, but it is still, when it brings its A game, an outstanding piece of work. See it as soon as you can. *** 1/2
B004TJ1H3C|5.0|To me  Stargate Universe   is the best of the 3 stargate series.  I think the story lines acting and props are ahead in development,  more complex and intellectually appealing, then the other 2, (which I totally enjoyed).    I loved this series, and total fed up that another good show has been axed, it is for me getting to a point where I am asking myself do I start watching new shows, as a lot seem to be axed because it is not a super supper xxx dollar maker and makes only a low profit.    To be honest I am not far off knocking satellite TV off as I am paying money to watch programs I am not interested in or repeats, (TV is off more then on these days). Too many of the shows I like are axed early, either because they are not making enough money or that they cost to much to make, so we are getting a lot of low budget shows with simple regurgitated scripts.    If you didn't watch this on the TV, get the DVDs as it really is a good watch and a show that should have and could have been taken a lot further.
B004LWZW24|4.0|Insidious (James Wan, 2011)<br /><br />The last time director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell got together, we got the criminally-underrated 2007 fright flick Dead Silence. It's a fantastic little movie, scary in all the right places, and pretty much no one saw it. The reason for that is the film they collaborated on before that--Saw. Well, okay, not Saw itself, but the series of increasingly-unwatchable sequels that came after it. Wan had nothing to do with them save throwing money at whoever was working on them at the time (Whannell wrote the next couple before dropping out, at which point he adopted Wan's \\"we'll make money off it\\" stance and became another executive producer). Wan and Whannell's names will forever be linked with the Saw franchise, despite neither one of them having had a firsthand effect on a Saw movie since Saw III, when Melton and Dunstan (The Collector) took over Whannell's writing duties, and the series abandoned any pretense of being other than the gory soap opera it is. Given all that, it's sometimes hard to remember that the traps and the gore in the original film were nothing more than accents concealing a perfectly-scripted, perfectly-paced mystery. For all that Saw took the roughie genre and dragged it into the mainstream, essentially inventing \\"torture porn\\", go back and rewatch the first movie--it isn't torture porn at all. Then came Dead Silence, which about half the time I'm convinced no one but me has ever seen. (Rectify that at your earliest convenience.) And so we come to Insidious, the third collaboration between the two. It is much more Dead Silence than it is Saw, and because of that, I'm quite surprised at the enthusiastic reception it got on the festival circuit. The reaction from the critics has been more predictable; many hated it. (As I write this, its Rotten Tomatoes rating is 60%; it's teetering on the \\"fresh\\" threshold.) I think it's possible a number of them missed something, and it's something very important to one's enjoyment of the film, in my regard: James Wan has jumped on the retro-horror bandwagon that came into being as (I have often suspected) a reaction to Hollywood's current, relentless remaking of old horror films under Michael Bay and Roy Lee's aegides. The thinking seems to be, \\"if people are going to go see old horror films, why don't we make new horror films that seem like old horror films?\\". The trend brought us two of the best films of 2009 in any genre, not just horror: Sam Raimi's Drag Me to Hell and Ti West's The House of the Devil. Insidious runs straight through those same veins, and of all the critics I've read on this issue, only AP's Christy Lemire has gotten it half-right, and she's the best anyone's done so far. More on that in a few.<br /><br />Plot: the Lambert family have just moved into a new house. We have dad, Josh (Hard Candy's Patrick Wilson), a schoolteacher; mom, Renai (28 Weeks Later...'s Rose Byrne), who's taking time off from corporate life (we never do find out what she does there) in order to focus on a nascent musical career we are to infer she gave up to get married and have kids; two sons, Foster (The Hangover's Andrew Astor) and Dalton (Little Children's Ty Simpkins, and I'm amazed this kid hasn't found superstar status yet), and the new baby. The first night, while everyone's just kind of hanging around, Dalton wanders up into the attic, which we already know is creepy because Renai was up there previous. He slips and falls, banging his head. Seems okay, but the next morning, he doesn't wake up. Hospital stay, etc., no one can figure out what's wrong with him. Until, that is, Josh's mom Lorraine (the always-welcome Barbara Hershey, recently of Black Swan) hooks Josh up with Elise Rainier (Lin Shaye, known primarily as a comedic actress, but her horror pedigree is a mile long and stretches right back to the original A Nightmare on Elm Street). It is Elise who delivers the movie's tagline, which I think was supposed to be aspoiler, but ended up in every trailer ever released for the film: \\"it's not the house that's haunted. It's your son.\\"<br /><br />Lemire mentioned in her review (and in dialogue on Ebert Presents At the Movies with mubi.com's Ignatiy Vishnevetsky, who loathed it) that it's \\"basically a remake of Poltergeist\\". As I said before, she's half-right. It's very much informed by Poltergeist, with Shaye taking Zelda Rubinstein's role, but that wasn't Whannell's only source material here. The movie is equally informed by Sidney J. Furie's 1980 frightfest The Entity, and if you want to get where Wan and Whannell, especially the latter, are at with this movie, that's the critical component. The Entity was one of the best, and arguably one of the scariest, horror films of the eighties, and it basically got ignored because it was doing supernatural horror during the golden age of the slasher film. (Also, telling: who starred in The Entity? If you said \\"Barbara Hershey\\", you get the gold star. Including her in &lt;em>Insidious&lt;/em> was, I strongly suspect, not a random casting decision.) The Entity has not been nearly as influential as it should have been because of that, and so it's not as easily detected as Poltergeist as an influence. But watch The Entity and then watch Insidious and tell me you can't see where some of those shots came from. The best retro horror is retro horror that captures the feel of the seventies and early eighties while being rooted in the present day; The House of the Devil was a pure-D throwback to seventies satanic panic pictures with the cynical cultural awareness/self-obliviousness of the modern teenager subbing in the lead role. Insidious went the same way, except it's the modern family instead of the modern teenager.<br /><br />One of the other things we forgot as the Saw franchise degenerated was how subtle a screenwriter Leigh Whannell can be. That's something that didn't really resurface in Dead Silence, and thus I'm ashamed to say I forgot it as well. But check out the way, for example, Patrick Wilson's character is set up. Wilson is at his best when, as in Hard Candy, he's playing a sleazeball. And that's exactly the setup we get. We're expecting a sleazeball. You know exactly where Whannell is going with the elisions and the outright lies. What makes it all the more intelligent is that Renai knows it, too, but is also smart enough, and has been married to Josh long enough, to see through it. That's multi-layered storytelling for you right there, and it's well-done indeed. Now here's the thing: that sort of subtlety is, for obvious reasons, more easily detected in the first half of the film, which is basically all setup. (Even Vishnevetsky said, however reluctantly, that the first half of the movie was better.) But it doesn't just go away when we get to all the supernatural-action stuff. Everyone and their mother has been blasting the ending of this movie, and now that I'm thinking about it, I'm wondering if the problem wasn't Whannell's subtlety, but audience expectations that that subtlety had gone away. Which makes no sense; think about the Big Reveal scene in Saw, where it all came together and we finally got Jigsaw's identity (it's still one of my favorite Big Reveal scenes ever), and it was blessedly obvious (thanks to the overbearing montage that immediately followed it) how subtle all that setup had been. Wan and Whannell got rid of the montage here, thankfully, though they couldn't resist one flashback scene that wasn't necessary. Are you telling me you didn't see it all in retrospect, or that you didn't think it worked? Because it was absolutely there. Whether it worked or not is personal preference, of course. I thought it worked very well. (I also wonder how much influence producer Oren Peli had over the ending, which is a little too close to the ending of Paranormal Activity 2 to be a coincidence.) More to the point, would you have preferred the other, more obvious, ending? 'cause to methat would have felt like a major cop-out. (Oh, one other retro touch--the frenzied eating of spaghetti. Where have we seen that before?)<br /><br />In short--I liked this movie. I think I probably liked it a lot better than you did, but I also think that if you watch it another time or two, knowing the ending, you may pick up on a lot more of the reasons I liked it as much as I did. Hey, it's worth a shot. As far as the movies I compared it to above, it's not in the same league as The Entity, but it's on the same level, quality-wise, as Dead Silence and Poltergeist. If you haven't seen it yet, be aware this isn't your basic fright flick; you'll want to pay slightly closer attention than you otherwise might. *** 1/2example, Patrick Wilson's character is set up. Wilson is at his best when, as in Hard Candy, he's playing a sleazeball. And that's exactly the setup we get. We're expecting a sleazeball. You know exactly where Whannell is going with the elisions and the outright lies. What makes it all the more intelligent is that Renai knows it, too, but is also smart enough, and has been married to Josh long enough, to see through it. That's multi-layered storytelling for you right there, and it's well-done indeed. Now here's the thing: that sort of subtlety is, for obvious reasons, more easily detected in the first half of the film, which is basically all setup. (Even Vishnevetsky said, however reluctantly, that the first half of the movie was better.) But it doesn't just go away when we get to all the supernatural-action stuff. Everyone and their mother has been blasting the ending of this movie, and now that I'm thinking about it, I'm wondering if the problem wasn't Whannell's subtlety, but audience expectations that that subtlety had gone away. Which makes no sense; think about the Big Reveal scene in Saw, where it all came together and we finally got Jigsaw's identity (it's still one of my favorite Big Reveal scenes ever), and it was blessedly obvious (thanks to the overbearing montage that immediately followed it) how subtle all that setup had been. Wan and Whannell got rid of the montage here, thankfully, though they couldn't resist one flashback scene that wasn't necessary. Are you telling me you didn't see it all in retrospect, or that you didn't think it worked? Because it was absolutely there. Whether it worked or not is personal preference, of course. I thought it worked very well. (I also wonder how much influence producer Oren Peli had over the ending, which is a little too close to the ending of Paranormal Activity 2 to be a coincidence.) More to the point, would you have preferred the other, more obvious, ending? 'cause to me that would have felt like a major cop-out. (Oh, one other retro touch--the frenzied eating of spaghetti. Where have we seen that before?)    In short--I liked this movie. I think I probably liked it a lot better than you did, but I also think that if you watch it another time or two, knowing the ending, you may pick up on a lot more of the reasons I liked it as much as I did. Hey, it's worth a shot. As far as the movies I compared it to above, it's not in the same league as The Entity, but it's on the same level, quality-wise, as Dead Silence and Poltergeist. If you haven't seen it yet, be aware this isn't your basic fright flick; you'll want to pay slightly closer attention than you otherwise might. *** 1/2
B004EBZX6W|4.0|Useful for finding a wifi sweetspot, but now has embedded ads in the amazon appstore update..  Sorely dissapointed in this downgrade to an excellent app. Would rather have an option to purchase/donate to get rid of the ads.. though recently the developer has added a snooze to the ads which has made it much more usable..and has improved the general feel for the app
B000JIHP88|5.0|We bought this for our son when he was 5 months old, after using several mobiles that just didn't cut it.  We tried several of the wind up mobiles but they make loud clicking noises when you wind them and they last 2 minutes tops! We were looking for a mobile with a remote that we could use to start/stop the mobile from the door so we didn't wake him back up when he was drifting off or we could use it from our bedroom when he stirred in the middle of the night to occupy him and send him back off to sleep.  This mobile seemed like just the thing! Unfortunately, the remote control is not very useful for those purposes. It only starts the mobile up if you click the single button on it within a few minutes of the mobile turning off.  However, since the mobile itself is battery-powered and the music/sounds last 12 minutes, the remote is hardly ever needed. He's nearly always off to sleep prior to the music/sounds ending. A few of the reviews state the volume isn't loud enough. I don't find this to be true at all.  There are two settings and the loud is plenty loud for a baby drifting off to sleep. Since we've gotten this, I find he'll even wake up and play contentedly in his crib for a bit before letting me know he's ready to get out. He'd wake up and scream immediately prior to this. Our son is nearly 7 months old now and the colors, sounds, moving leaves and animals still captivate him. I highly recommend this mobile. Definitely worth the money.
B0014Z4ON4|4.0|Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom(1984) is an underrated sequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark(1981). It's darker and different than Raiders. The human sacrifice scenes probably traumatized children for years! The film has been criticized for its dark tone, racial stereotypes, stereotypes about blonde women, and strong violence. John Williams' music score is good and it reflects the dark, nightmarish tone of the movie. Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom was so violent that the MPAA created the PG-13 rating. In India, Indiana Jones(Harrison Ford) must recover mystical stones for a suffering village and battle a Thuggee Cult. The filmmakers borrow some ideas from the Cary Grant movie Gunga Din. Roy Chiao(Spring Song, Treasure Hunt) played a Chinese crime boss in the early part of the movie. I like Kate Capshaw and she has more charm than her vain, dopey Willie Scott character. Jonathan Ke Quan(The Goonies) played an orphaned Chinese kid who helps Dr. Jones. The Temple of Doom is the only Indiana Jones film with a real climax! Jones and the Indian bad guy(played by Amrish Puri) have an equal chance of being killed by alligators! In Raiders, The Last Crusade, and Crystal Skull, supernatural forces defeat the bad guys for Indy! The scene where Indy, Willie Scott, and Shorty escape in a mine cart felt like a roller coaster ride! Temple of Doom is nowhere as fun as Raiders, but it is a solid sequel.
B001DTPZNY|3.0|Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull(2008) was a mixed blessing. This Indy movie takes place in the 1950's and Dr. Jones(Harrison Ford) must stop Soviet Russians from getting their hands on a powerful Crystal Skull. This is the first Indy movie to be packed with CGI! The scene where Indy survives a nuclear explosion was laughed off the screen and it coined the phrase, \\"Nuke the Fridge\\". Marion Ravenwood(Karen Allen) from Raiders is back, thank goodness. The subplot with Indy's backstabbing friend is just plain confusing. John Williams' music score is decent and he writes a good music cue for Mutt Williams(Shia LaBeouf).    Crystal Skull got some bad reviews, but it still made money at the box office. Teenage kids in a muscle car listen to Elvis Presley's 'Hound Dog'. This could be an homage to George Lucas' American Graffiti(1973). The scene where Indy escapes from the warehouse is the best action scene in the film. One of the fun moments is where a statue of Marcus Brody flies through the windshield of a car! There's a picture of Dr. Henry Jones Sr. on Indy's desk. Indy tells Mutt that Pancho Villa took him hostage in 1916. This happened in the pilot to The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles(1992). Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull has many flaws, but it's still worth watching with a bucket of popcorn and some soft drinks.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|This show is amazing and i love it!! the Extras on the DVD are a lot of fun too. From crazy interviews to Glee Karaoke its fun-packed and a great buy!
0823023494|5.0|I recently purchased this book and pretty much sat and read it in one day. I have to admit even though these are really rough, they're the most \\"cohesive\\" designs I've ever really produced. In the book Tom does something very few how-to books do, he informs the reader on the very basics and WHY they work. It's as if he is having a one on one conversation with you and not just saying \\"add this here\\" or \\"do this there.\\" He explains great usage of lines and curves and the actual thought processes that go into creating a character without getting bogged down into the technicalities of drawing.    The character to the left is my version of Dillon, the book gives assignments to design characters in an entire setting, thats just one way I see him, the other way is highly realistic and closer to my other arts which focus on lighting and contrasts. But as he says in the book he really gets down to the \\"meat, potatoes and veggies\\" of character CREATION.    I highly recommend getting Tom's book and giving it a good thorough read, it speaks to the mind of the artist in an interactive way and has loads of pictures ( I like dem books with the pictures) to illustrate not only the points that he is making, but also VARIETY and how a well thought out character and even recognition of shapes goes a really long way in expressing one's imagination.    Thanks so much again Tom, you've most definitely given me loads to think about and incorporate into my art to make my work more lifelike and help me achieve something I've been struggling to find for so many years.
0525423273|5.0|Anna & The French Kiss is a very refreshing read, Anna a senior high school student sent to School of America in Paris (SOAP) by her best selling author father, against her will. Not only it is so foreign, she hates that she is there for school. It kind of takes away the excitement of the city itself. She loathes the fact that she is away from her best friend Bridgette, her mom, her 7 year old brother Sean and her pseudo-boyfriend Toph.    I understood Anna's dilemma, it happened to me 7 years ago. Moving to a totally different country, leaving everything I left behind, it was hard and scary, but only if you let it. I connected immediately with Anna. We are both film freaks, and I like how she is so cute even when she was clueless about Paris. You see the genuine person within when she met Meredith, Rashmi, Josh and the British-American attainable hallway boy named Etienne St. Clair. I fell in love with this book, its wonderful characters and where it was set. It was not cheesy nor boring. The circumstances surrounding especially, Anna & St. Clair relationship is truly what keeps this book alive. Every end of the chapter drags you to continue to the next one. It is one of those books that is so hard to pry out of your hands because you just cannot sleep until you find out what is going to happen next. It is a chick lit disguised in a young adult novel. This was highly recommended by many of my book blogger friends, it did not disappoint.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|This book leaves you wanting more right from the beginning. I never thought a book could be so good. I found myself up until 2 a.m. eager to find out what happens between \\"Piegon\\" and Travis. Jamie McGuire was able to suck you into their world, and it wasn't hard to put yourself in their shoes. This book is refreshing, I haven't read a book this good in...well never.
0439023513|5.0|I enjoy reading young adult books as much as our adult titles.  I found this whole series to be excellent.  It was recommended to me by my 15 year old grandson who loved it.  The series rivals the Harry Potter and the Twilight series. Good reading for adults and older teens.  A little violent for younger childen.
B000FC1PNE|3.0|To me, this book is the weakest and least imaginative of the delightful Bridgerton series so far (I'm reading in order.) The plot doesn't seem to advance- it more gets a repeated rehash every few chapters (with a slightly different spin) followed by a sudden resolution at the book's end. I was disappointed, in part because of the high expectations I've developed for this author. It felt like I was reading filler for a good part of the book. I wasn't captivated; I felt instead that I just got through it to get to the next book and I grew somewhat bored at various points in the book. Due to the revelation of a mysterious character's identity in this volume, you may want to leave this one to the last if you plan to finish the series.    Decent enough reading, but I'd check out others by this author to get a far better example of her capabilities.
0802473156|5.0|If you are in a relationship, blissfully happy or absolutely miserable, read this book!  I am madly in love w/ my man but I want to know how to really communicate with him.  I want to know how to understand him & why he does certain things.  After reading this book I have a whole new understanding of love & relationships.  I wish I had read this years ago but I feel like it came to me at just the right time in my life.  I have had the book about a week & I already have my sister & my coworkers reading it.  It amazes me how simple it is yet how life changing it is.  READ THIS BOOK!
0060555661|5.0|Short and sweet review here,    This book is worth its weight in gold, seriously. After reading this book alone (no college classes or any other courses) and doing my due diligence required towards my stock picks I have made 25%-30% profits year to date. I've read this book twice, and still learn valued wisdom every time I open it up.     I am not saying my results are typical in any way, and I am also stating that I am NOT a financial guru of any sorts, I still consider myself to be a novice in every sense of the word when it comes to investing but this book is worth it!     This book was a gift from a friend working in the financial district in NYC, and since then I have purchased numerous copies for other friends.
B003UESJF6|2.0|I was disappointed in this film.  Because I loved Monsters and Aliens and Despicable Me, I expected better of this one.
0425241505|2.0|I agree completely with what the 2 and 3 star reviewers point out as basic flaws with this story.<br /> I am halfway through the book now and the last 75 pages or so, since they got back to his penthouse have been very skim-worthy. And what is up with her calling him \\"big guy\\"  and his second in command \\"Slick\\"? I'm sorry, those nicknames grate on my nerves EVERY time she uses them [which sad to say with \\"big guy\\" is every other page]. And can't STAND when a male lead calls his girlfriend person \\"lover\\". I have just NEVER in real life heard a man use that term in a normal everyday conversation. Ever.  That or \\"make love\\" Not. Ever.<br />Anyhoo, I'm having a hard time drumming up the interest to finish the book that completely engrossed me the first third of the way through and which I bought because of all the glowing raving reviews I found on several blogs I follow. Can't say I'll take their MUST READ declarations with more than a grain of salt from now on.<br /><br />** So I did indeed slog through the rest and finish the book. All I can say is ugh. The first 1/3 is certainly the best part--the rest after they get back to the city didn't even feel like the same characters to me. I liked the female *considerably* less once we got the time to know her better.<br /><br />One reviewer mentioned they never said I Love You--and frankly with the whole book taking place in roughly one week's time--I'm GLAD they didn't. The rest of their \\"great bond\\" [please note the sarcasm] was hard enough to swallow in such a short time without them throwing out the 'L' word when there'd been no time for even much in the way of trust to have developed. Bleck. I won't be reading any others in this series.
B001PPGAK8|5.0|Hardcore fans in any genera are Very hard to please same goes for this movie.i don't know much about comics apart from xmen  names and what i see in movies or cartoons.i absoluately loved action and fast paced story with three sides to choice from that'll be X men against each other and human in mix as army .SPOILER finally some good and bad main X men characters are killed in this movie that is solely reason i chosen it to be part of my collection..Its something very rarely done as no studio wants to end well established fan fav character .i witnessed this action in Superman Apocalypto too and kudos to all team for it.<br /><br />Blu ray sound is 6.1 DTS  is excellant though in couple of scenes there is grain and CGI is spot on  .You should watch deleted scenes after movie .They help explaining  jean behaviour..i didn't know at time of order but this is two disc edition second Disc being just documentry of xmen trilogy.Both disc have xmen pic rather then just title name and its good thing.
B004RSCWZ2|3.0|If I rated this based on my disappointment I would have gone with a '2', and that only for the last two songs. But to be fair the music is not bad, it just doesn't have the originality I've become used to from Trucks' previous efforts.  In general the performaces seem uninspired; more like a professional studio band backing a rote Tedeschi. Overall, I think the music suffers from the absence of Mike Mattison.  I believe he's credited, but I only heard him backing on one song.  Also, to be fair I have to state that I am a huge Derek Trucks fan, but not so much a Tedeshi fan.  Another reviewer made the same point much better, but I'd say if you are a Tedeschi fan go ahead with the purchase; but if you are a trucks fan (of any chronology) I'd skip it completely.
B001CB4SRW|1.0|They are not selling Leatherman tool like this in the image. They sell are some covers/sheath for such nylon A Toolkit. I felt a great deception. The right thing is to get the real picture of the product you want to sell.
0385333846|4.0|Billy Pilgrim is the definition of a spectacle. With his azure shower curtain, fur muff, and silver boots, he is an embarrassment to the US Army as he marches into the Dresden Prisoner of War Camp. In Kurt Vonnegut's cross genre classic, Slaughterhouse Five, Vonnegut approaches the anti-war novel in a new light. Vonnegut's story focuses on the life of Billy Pilgrim, a slightly insane optometrist who believes he was abducted by aliens and now has the ability to time travel. Throughout the novel, Billy travels through time, mainly focusing on his time as a POW in Germany and Dresden during WW II.     In its simplest form, Slaughterhouse Five is an Anti-War book. Vonnegut achieves this, by highlighting the pointlessness of war and the easiness of death. Vonnegut however, fails to acknowledge how one must deal with war. Yes, there is pain and suffering, but how does one come back from that? Billy Pilgrim, embodies this idea within himself, as he has a seemingly successful life after the war, but he unable to enjoy It as he becomes obsessed with the idea that he was abducted by Tralfamadorians. Is Vonnegut saying that to move past the horrors of war, you need to envelope your mind in something else to point of insanity? Even the phrase \\"So it goes\\" implies a passive acceptance that things are the way they are. Vonnegut succeeds in the age old argument that war is evil, and pushes the envelope by highlighting the psychological effects after war. Vonnegut, however, fails to provide any inspiration or guide as to prevent wars in the future.     Outside of its anti-war message, Slaughterhouse Five is a strange but enjoyable read, as Vonnegut dark satire provides a new perspective and outlook for the reader.
014241543X|4.0|Wow, what an amazing story. Few books I have read have the ability to intertwine such great sadness with such great love. I was unsure of how I was going to react to the story; I don't tend to be one for tragic stories, but was hooked almost immediately. I wanted to get to know each of the characters, to see them through Mia's eyes, to understand each bond.    The story itself is amazing. Following Mia through trying to make such an overwhelming decision is amazing. Gayle does a wonderful job intertwining the story with the memories of the people Mia loves and what is happening to her at each moment. You are able to feel the love in Mia has for each character and can really relate to how daunting the decision she has to make must be.    I would recommend this book for anyone looking to try and understand just how strongly love binds us to the people we love. How the simple wish of someone we love can effect every decision we have to make.
B002VRZEYM|5.0|Eye opening movie about the state of food production and the industry that has grown up around delivering this basic need.  You only get one body, and at least in the near term, we only get one planet.  We better start acting like good stewards of God's Creation.  This is not a shunning of capitalism, nor science, it is the lack of a good feedback loop in the process of improving food delivery.    I buy organic, not just because I think the organic methods are always better, it is because of the additional scrutiny in the process of the delivery of the food.  I think that companies built around quality make a better model of how products should be produced.  I think they treat their workers better, take more care in the creation of the food since they know the \\"organic\\" label is valuable, and they treat their animals better.  Labeling is what allows consumers to vote with their dollars.      It is indefensible to think we are not allowing food to be labelled properly and allow the end consumer to know what they are buying!  This is the feedback loop to tell the producers what the consumers expect.  The \\"Free Market\\" does not work when the labeling is insufficient to allow for this essential feedback loop.  Our government is corrupt, without a doubt, and we need more accountability and transparency in this process.    The Monsanto lawsuits are the most disturbing thing in this movie, I agree that a company can protect their patents for a period of time, to allow for fair compensation, but using the legal system to financially subjugate individuals that participate in the food delivery chain is a perversion of the law!  This is very disturbing, this may be why we have the second amendment.    Our government is a product of the populace, Thomas Jefferson put it best \\"Whenever people are well-informed, they can be trusted with their own government\\" -TJ    We are responsible, we the voters must assert our rights to good food, humanely raised food, good governance is ourresponsibility.  We can not just blame big business or capitalism, or our government.  We are the government, we are big business, we are capitalists.  We have a soul and we are not just animals, we should act like it.    Thank you for this movie, God bless.
B00425S1H8|4.0|Our timeclock feeds software via a serial cable. I put that software on a virtual desktop (VMware View) running Windows XP.  The cable's driver needs to be installed on both the VM and the Host machine in order to work.  Would be nice if it could be driverless somehow.  But it did its job well.      I doubt a Wyse client would work.  Tried that with a UPS scale with no luck.
B004GYNPL2|3.0|The password generator is nice, especially with the options it gives.<br /><br />It really needs a bit better up-front documentation on the way it works as far as locking and such.<br /><br />My biggest concern is the permissions. I am fairly sure it's safe, and I understand why it is asking for them, but I cannot condone using any app which holds sensitive data to request any permission allowing network access and things which 'could' be used maliciously.<br /><br />Cool features, but not going to use anything but the generator.
B004IQMXD4|4.0|Fan of Stevie's for many years. Purchased the CD and LOVE IT. Welcome back My Dear!!!! Hoping there will be more in the near future.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|As an former FAST and CAAT team member while in the Marines I can tell you this series is absolutely realistic.  I did three combat tours and have always hated every depiction of the war.  But this show captured every part of the war with absolute authenticity.
B004QYZATW|4.0|I loved this movie.  I did find Angelina a bit stiff, but still a pleasure to watch. Johnny Depp, as always, was brilliant.  The photography and locales were gorgeous and the entire film was a delightful surprise given the terrible reviews it received.  I was prepared to fast forward through the dreariest parts, but found I savored every moment and was sorry to see it end.  Bravo to the director and all involved.
145581637X|5.0|Colonial Radio Theater does it again!  This is a great production.  The sound effects, music, voices and script fit together perfectly.  I love Bradbury and this production is true to the story.  CRT is responsible for the new golden age in radio.
0307887960|4.0|So far so good. I have lost 5kg over 5 weeks so far and the diet is easy to stick with. The long term strategy is to change bad habits food wise and manage your weight. The science makes sense. If you are serious about your health and want to loose weight I recommend you give this a try. The book is easy to read, but don't be put off by some of the translation idiosyncrasies.
0307595862|4.0|At Amazon's suggestion, because of Stieg Larsson, I bought this book. At the very least I hoped the cool Norwiegan setting would help me chill out for a week during summer. It was too exciting to let me \\"chill\\" out!<br /><br />I highly recommend \\"The Snowman\\". I think it's very well written and it keeps you guessing. It was entertaining enough that I had to force myself to not rip through it in two days, and I am going to read the rest of the US Harry Hole mysterys.
B004FOA84A|5.0|I grabbed this on the day it was free, but the app wouldn't open at all.  Now after today's update it's playing perfectly on my Viewsonic G-tab running Vegan 5.1.1.    Super fun and challenging puzzle game, with clever well-done graphics and a spooky atmosphere!  Thanks for fixing it--it was worth the wait!
B004TTMYQG|4.0|this is a great calendar app, way more detailed and easier to use than the default calendar. the only thing that would make it 5stars is if reminders could have alarms.
B004NYQYNQ|4.0|I enjoyed the album. I tried to listen to it straight through while driving one day and while I really loved Rolling in the Deep and Set Fire to the Rain, I didn't LOVE the rest of the album. Part of it was, I discovered later... a little Adele goes a long way with me. The album started to blur, the songs were running together a lot. By the end of the fourth song I was thinking, \\"Has this woman NEVER had a relationship that worked?\\" By the end of the \\"Set Fire to the Rain\\" as much as I loved the song I was ready to break up with her... and there were six more songs. I don't want to spoil it for anybody, but she's not happy in any of them either. She's in love during \\"Lovesong\\" which is awesome! And she's talking about him in the present tense so he doesn't appear to have vanished in the night... but she still sounds melancholy... It was just too much sadness. I felt like I was in a smoky bar and she was leaning on the piano singing while holding a tall drink in one hand and looking bored while her piano player smoked a cigarette and played on into the early hours of the morning and people sat at a bar drinking, trying to forget. It captured that feeling perfectly for me.<br />Put her on shuffle with some other songs, something with a bpm higher than a yogi's pulse for example, and she's much better. She shines when contrasted with other stuff. Too much of her at once was a lot. But mixed with other stuff I really liked it.
1932100660|1.0|At the start of the book there's talk about an experiment with \\"protein\\" and mice. And Campbell gives a superficially persuasive account of how this \\"protein\\" was profoundly to blame for switching cancer on and off in the experiments.     He seemed to be explaining things in a straight-forward and honest way. Leaving nothing out, careful to reference to his own precision and objectivity as a scientist not to get carried away by the findings. I was blown away by the implications and suggestions of these things he was describing. Little did I realize until later that this was all a pack of lies.     I also thought that this was a perfect \\"test\\" to see whether he was credible, whether he was reliable or not, by looking up the internet later. He didn't mention animal protein at this time. In fact I was really upset and desperately searched the index to see if my beloved fish and peanuts were okay in this. I thought that if this food-terrorism could be substantiated then I would be fully on board. If however he was merely a charlatan then he would be leaving out things in this study.     Turns out I didn't even have to wait to get on the internet to see if he was full of it or not. A couple of pages later and he casually mentions that all of these experiments were done using CASEIN. Not JUST ANY PROTEIN. Not CONTROLLING for different times of protein. Not whey protein here, casein there, plant protein over there. It's ridiculous. I never drink cow's milk and very, very rarely get casein. It's his inability to tell an important point from a totally unimportant one that got me most of all there. I was well aware that casein was a bad protein to be avoided, though perhaps not with the cancer shock that he's trying to induce considering that people who drink milk have in some studies a LOWER rate of cancer. And this was only after dosage with large amounts of aflatoxin.     I later found out that even the casein helped protect against the aflatoxin. But Campbell hid that. And you have to ask WHY. I agree with a lot of what Campbell stands for in diet, but why does he feel such a need to hide and distort things?       There is a blog which completely dissects the data of the China Study here: [...]    I have read Campbell's responses to these and other commentaries and they basically amount to: 1) You don't understand statistics. 2) This was just my \\"story\\" of things that seemed to come together for me personally.     The first one is ad hominem, and then second basically admits that this whole thing is just a fictional or anecdotal account of things, his informal \\"story\\" of how things were. But I still don't understand how this allows him to ignore data that doesn't fit with his theory, to just leave them out of the book altogether.      He says that he considered his options when writing it: 1) To give a one-sided view of the data 2) To give an all-sides account without bias 3) To give his \\"personal story\\" of how it came about that he would come to believe in this idea and this diet.     In MY opinion, either of the first two would be good. I certainly don't mind someone advocating a particular diet SO LONG AS THEY ALSO GIVE THE ARGUMENTS THAT GO AGAINST THEM!!!!! Not try and hide them.     But he said that he would take the third option, and that when the data didn't fit properly... he would just put it down to experimental error because he knew the way the general numbers were going anyway, and he wouldn't mention it.         I wonder if it could rather be that Campbell's study was a failure and he just couldn't accept that. This could have been a great book for bringing diet into the 21st century... it could show how unreliable cross-studies of populations are. But instead Campbell chose to try to exhert his own opinions on things.     My own diet is very high on fruit/vegetables and low on animal protein, so I'm not one of those staunch advocates of very high animal protein.
B000002JS6|5.0|Back In Black is timeless rock purity. That the year is 2011 is irrelevant. I am confident that if I am still alive in 2021, this album will remain on my playlist.
B001ECQ75A|5.0|I bought this DVD for my nephew and he loves it! In fact, he has about worn the DVD out! This item was just as described and I would recommend this seller. Fast shipping and I will buy from this seller again. : )
B00003CXS4|5.0|Great movie with great characters.  Every single character is unique and the story is very interesting.  Pretty funny too.
B002GSXKN8|4.0|What can I say, it's The Batman of Gotham? yes the quality has imperfections, I don't think they anticipated it's re-release onto DVD though? I dont think DVD was even being developed in a lab at the time...laserdisk yes....but eh. Its either you like Batman or you don't. And I love it, so I got a steal of all 4 for $10.
6305327084|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies EVER. lots of great actors. I recommend it for anyone who wants a good laugh!
0380799006|5.0|A wise friend with 2 sons older than mine recommended this book.  Over the 16 years now that I have been parenting my 2 sons, I've re-read it several times.  This is not an expert's theory about parenting styles, but a thought-provoking trip into child psychology, parent-child relationships, and the things that make sibling relationships so powerful.  I hear many adults talk about sibling conflicts from their childhood.  I wanted my sons not to have hurts that last.  I am writing this review because a friend with small children asked \\"how did you do it,\\" and I remembered that I had help understanding the way sibling rivalry works and how the parents are key.  This book is easy to read, but take the advice in the foreward and do NOT skip over the exercises.  There are cartoons and snippets of dialogue for examples of the \\"do\\" and \\"do not.\\"  For me, it was a perfect way to hear how the parent's responses affected the kids.  It is not a book full of mumbo-jumbo, but is clear and kicks in at a really fundamental understanding of the dynamics that can destroy sibling relationships.  Also, if you find this is your style, I highly recommend their other book, \\"How to talk so your kids will listen, and listen so your kids will talk.\\"  I could go on and on about that one!
B004XN3FHA|5.0|First let me say I love flashlights. I own all kinds and brands and I am always looking for the next cool light. But of all the brands I have or have had, this is my first of the Fenix brand. I am so impressed that I am making this my first Amazon review.    Build Quality: Very very nice. The flashlight feels solid in my hand. It has plenty of knurling so that even when wet it will be easy to hold onto. The light is smaller then you would expect, being an eight AA light. The flashlight uses a carriage to hold the batteries. When loaded and inside the flashlight there was no rattle. It is rated to IPX-8 waterproof standards to 2 meters (6.5 feet).    Light Output: Wow! Seriously, WOW! 800 lumens in the turbo mode. It won't cook a cheeseburger from across the room but it looks like it could! This flashlight is just stupid bright. It provides an enormous amount of light and throws this light very very far. I was able to illuminate a road sign 400+ yards away. While this is a \\"thrower\\" light more then a \\"flood\\" light, most practical use will be within 100 yards. This flashlight provides ample spill light so that it can be used for \\"area\\" work. If you enjoy seeing what your looking at and not a \\"wall of white\\", use one of the lower modes when working up close.    Battery Life: I found battery life to be very good as well. I was able to get over 2 hours runtime on turbo, with usable light for an hour afterwards. Very good considering how powerful the XM-L led emitter is. I am using NiMh AA batteries but the light supports alkaline and lithium disposable batteries as well.    My verdict: A top notch but expensive flashlight. I however find that it was worth the money. Fantastic build quality and insanely bright. I am very impressed with my first Fenix flashlight and would buy this brand again.
B001JNNDE2|4.0|I really like Napoleon Dynamite. I'd have given it 5 stars, but it took me several viewings to understand the movie. On the surface, its just a bonehead comedy about dorks and nerds, and I didn't like it. But there's some real subtle acting that I didn't notice at first because its such a weird movie with quirky characters which are funny, but distract one initially from the theme. Its almost a perfect movie, which will be appreaciated as the years pass by. Some of the scenes which are really subtle are when Napoleon's date leaves him at the dance, and he looks at himself in the mirror.        The movie is about high school outcasts, dreamers and wannabees. It brings you into their world without patronizing them. A world of drawing and dreaming about unicorns and babes and wanting to be accepted and liked. Its about how we judge people, or rather misjudging people'a worth, and the meaning of friendship and loyalty. It's about how everyone has personal worth.  Its about wanting to say the right thing, when you don't have the skills to, and having friends accept one for who they are. In the end, I'm always charmed by Napoleon's courage to be happy with who he is, and Deb's acceptance of him as he is. It's such a charming movie. It's ok to be happy with yourself, no matter how strange your interests, and finding out that you like people for who they are inside. I think the critics totally weren't ready for this and missed it's depth. And to top it off, its fun!
B002N8A14M|5.0|I've tried a few armbands for my 5g nano and this is by far the best.  You get a protective case (with spring-clip on the back) and an armband with this deal, which only makes it sweeter.  This is the first armband I've had that actually fit over my arm and has room for my biceps and triceps to still grow!  It's very easy to use, comfortable in the gym, and the clip on the back of the case means you can clip it to things (like the bottom of your shirt or waistband) when doing something that would normally be uncomfortable with an armband, like using hanging ab straps.
B003EV6DBM|1.0|This is the worst Dr Who series ever.  Boring, lacking the imagination of the earlier DR's. Always on earth, it's time to move on.  Sadly this will be the last Dr series that I will purchase.
B000OPOAJS|4.0|Critics rave about the car chase scenes in The French Connection, and Bullit.... I still think the primary one in Ronin, stands head and shoulders above the rest. De Niro stands out as he always does, but some of the supporting roles, are very well done.     This is one of those rare action/suspense films, that you will want to watch again and again over the years.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Got this when it was the free app of the day, but knowing what I know now, I would've gladly paid for it.  Great concept, great graphics, great controls. What more can you ask for?  Works great on my HTC droid incredible on froyo.
B004FOA84A|3.0|this game is very much like prof layton which i enjoy so of course i enjoyed this. my only complaint is the game was way too short! would love another longer game but would still recommend.
B003DT194G|5.0|What can be said about Once Upon a Time in the West? A classic starring many top stars of the day. The plot blends slowly to explain the conclusion with Bronson and Fonda; the atmosphere is a staple of the spaghetti western...sweaty and grimy as life would have been in such a climate (not the neat, clean pressed outfits of the great earlier hollywood westerns!). Henry Fonda plays the meanest role of any of his films in this! An absolute must see for anyone who enjoys classic westerns. Let's hope that hollywood doesn't try to remake this one...an impossibility with the current crop of namby-pamby actors existing today.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I never heard of Adele until hearing \\"Rolling in the Deep\\", and I liked the song so much that I downloaded the entire CD.    I don't have to say much...simply, this is the best CD that has come out in years.  From start to finish it is incredible...Adele's voice is haunting and gritty at the same time, and her songs can be played over and over without getting tired of it.    \\"21\\" has been on repeat on my ipod for days and it is not getting old.  Buy it, buy it, buy it!
B004QPOVE6|5.0|I was supposed to go to a concert on this tour, but couldn't go.  ACDC still has it live!  They give an excellent performance, and sound the same that they did 20 years ago.
1439102813|5.0|I started reading Still Alice as soon as it arrived in the mail, and didn't put it down. It is a compelling read  where you enter the thoughts and feelings of a woman at the height of her career who starts experiencing the symptoms of early-onset Alzheimers. I was immersed inside Alice's head from the very beginning and it is a fascinating journey. It is sad and terrifying at times, but also funny and heartwarming. The true feeling of this story is magnified by the author's profession as a neuroscientist,blending imagination with clinical knowledge in a powerful narrative. Highly recommended for health professionals and anyone interested in human behaviour; essential reading for anyone experiencing dementia, or who loves someone with dementia.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|love the game did not enjoy wirelessly teathering my phone to my tablet to get past wifi only download.  even though i have unlimited dsta i suppose if i had a 2 gb plan i might be to stupid to use a wifi network to download big files......thanks for the hand holding amazon
B004EPYZOO|1.0|No Stars if possible. This movie shows no Morals what so ever. I like NIcholas Cage's acting but this movie is horrible. If you have no morals than you probably would like this. But me, it had too much I don't give a f#** attitude, which I don't like! Is this what the world is coming to. I wish they'd make some good clean action movies that wouldn't be bad if the kids walked in the room.
0439023521|5.0|I confess, I'm an older fellow, not much given to books like this. I looked at this to find some reading material for my 11 year-old daughter, and got hooked. The characters were believable, and the author was able to suspend my disbelief. This may be written for younger folks, but adults should not dismiss this book, or this author, I suspect.    Where were books like this 40 years ago when I really could have used them?
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|I had this app installed once, but I deleted once cause it woukd not update. When I tried to re-install it would not. I have a Droid X1
B004EWFUQY|1.0|Okay, I suppose if you can deal with pooping golf balls for a few weeks ...<br />This diet only worked for me because I pretty much stopped eating. I couldn't handle so much meat and so few greens. In 3 weeks I lost 3 kilos, or a little more than 6 pounds. I spent hours sitting on the toilet, and I'm not talking reading magazines. Nope, this diet was definitely NOT for me.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|I was a little hesitant about reading a book written from a 5 year olds POV, but after awhile you get used to the grammar. Once you are past that it's as if you are in the mind of a five year old, and you feel everything that Jack's feeling. Having to leave the only world you've ever known and having to be taken away from your mother.   I can only imagine the pain of a child that is going through something like this. I think the author made everything realistic and you can tell she put a lot of effort into writing this. Hope that everyone enjoys the book as much as I did!
B004FOA84A|4.0|This is a really fun game that ends way too fast.  It needs a lot more to do to justify paying much for it.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|I've been addicted to this game for years.  It is very disappointing that it can't be played on the original Droid.  My contract precludes me from upgrading for quite some time so I suppose I'm just S.O.L.  So sad...
B004E0Z4XK|4.0|A lot of the songs are a bit short and you can listen to the entire album in less than 20 minutes, but what is there is good chill out music.  JP
B004N44SOI|3.0|To begin, I must say that I loved the first Sixx A.M. album The Heroin Diaries which accompanied Nikki Sixx's book of the same name.  It didn't take more than a single listen of \\"Life is Beautiful\\" to become a fan of the band. At the time the concept of a soundtrack to a book was different and was a new concept to me, looking back I have to say it worked. Almost four years latter Sixx A.M.'s second album This Is Gonna Hurt is released, once again a book by the same name has been released shortly before. I really anticipated this second album as The Heroin Diaries was my favorite out of Nikki Sixx's side projects. The first Sixx A.M. album was fantastic; it was very honest, dark and twisted. I felt that it was reflective of Nikki's life and I could relate to that (and so did many other fans).<br /><br />The title track kick starts the album with a bang, this is an anthem and fist-pumping track, it has a \\"you and me against the world\\" type of feeling to it. Unfortunately, the title track is a heavy and rocking as the album gets, everything that follows it is slower or softer, not heavier. When I first heard the single, \\"Lies of the Beautiful People\\" I admit that I was slightly disappointed but the song grew on me and gets better with each listen.  \\"Are You With me\\" is I feel, one of the strongest songs of the album, I love the chorus the song just works. When James sings the chorus with the \\"come back from the dead\\" part I get chills, it's such a great vocal performance and so passionate. \\"Deadlihood\\" was another song I really liked. \\"Help Is On the Way\\" has a great message and it rocks, nice build-up to the chorus. \\"Skin\\" is a lyrical highlight for the band, the lyrics are so personal, honest and touching which was probably the point. It's also very simple with James singing, a piano and orchestra in the background. It closes the album nicely.<br /><br />This Is Gonna Hurt is overall a softer album and a bit less intense which is not necessarily a bad thing but I expected more rockers I suppose. This time around it feels somewhat less original; I don't have that special feeling, that connection with the lyrics from the first album. On its own This Is Gonna Hurt is a good album that has more of a modern feel to it. If you're a fan of the first I think this album is worth it as there are definitely some great songs worth listening to. I just wasn't blown away like I was with the first Sixx A.M. album, maybe if I never heard the debut I'd like this one much more. TIGH is a strong sophomore release from Sixx A.M., the band sounds tight. James Michaels proves himself once more as a vocalist and delivers a terrific performance. DJ Ashba is killer on guitar and Nikki is well...Nikki!<br /><br />This Is Gonna Hurt is very much a continuation of TIHD, it's similar in many ways and it has a depth and beautiful lyrics but I feel that this time around while it works, it doesn't work as well as it did with the first album. It's a good follow up to the band's first album and it has its moments, I wouldn't say that it's as good but the ride is still enjoyable this time around.  I don't know, perhaps it was the point I was at in my life when the album was released or maybe I identified more with The Heroin Diaries for some reason. I realize that I've made a lot of comparisons to the first album but that's just me, on its own body of work this is a very good album with once again some excellent lyrics, great guitar work and some solid vocals, it works.  I wouldn't say This Is Gonna Hurt amazed me and I can't say it's a disappointment either because there is a lot of enjoyable music here, I just feel some reviewers are rating it a little higher than it perhaps deserves. It sounds a lot like what the bands of today are coming up with, maybe a little too much. For me I'd say this is a 3 stars out of 5, enough to keep fans coming back.ers I suppose. This time around it feels somewhat less original; I don't have that special feeling, that connection with the lyrics from the first album. On its own This Is Gonna Hurt is a good album that has more of a modern feel to it. If you're a fan of the first I think this album is worth it as there are definitely some great songs worth listening to. I just wasn't blown away like I was with the first Sixx A.M. album, maybe if I never heard the debut I'd like this one much more. TIGH is a strong sophomore release from Sixx A.M., the band sounds tight. James Michaels proves himself once more as a vocalist and delivers a terrific performance. DJ Ashba is killer on guitar and Nikki is well...Nikki!    This Is Gonna Hurt is very much a continuation of TIHD, it's similar in many ways and it has a depth and beautiful lyrics but I feel that this time around while it works, it doesn't work as well as it did with the first album. It's a good follow up to the band's first album and it has its moments, I wouldn't say that it's as good but the ride is still enjoyable this time around.  I don't know, perhaps it was the point I was at in my life when the album was released or maybe I identified more with The Heroin Diaries for some reason. I realize that I've made a lot of comparisons to the first album but that's just me, on its own body of work this is a very good album with once again some excellent lyrics, great guitar work and some solid vocals, it works.  I wouldn't say This Is Gonna Hurt amazed me and I can't say it's a disappointment either because there is a lot of enjoyable music here, I just feel some reviewers are rating it a little higher than it perhaps deserves. It sounds a lot like what the bands of today are coming up with, maybe a little too much. For me I'd say this is a 3 stars out of 5, enough to keep fans coming back.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I just had to leave a comment because someone actually gave this book a one star review! I just couldn't believe it! This book is one of the best book I've ever read and actually the one that got me to start reading more zombie books. I've been recommending it to my friends and they all love it. So go one, read it ... it gives an amazing view of how people around the globe are hit by zombies and how they deal with it... not just a one man's fight in one city. It happens underground, on sea, under the sea, in space, in the east, south, north and west. So go on, don't hesitate and read it, it's a dare :)
B0002O7XW2|4.0|I bought this movie for my son. He's liked it ever since he was about 12 yrs. old. He'll watch it over & over.
B004VFYO52|4.0|I had my misgivings about purchasing the \\"Live At Donington 1990\\" disc because of other \\"officially released\\" versions of shows from other artists that have come out lately have failed to be an upgrade over the versions that have been available on the free trade boards for years.  Notably these are the \\"Live at LA Forum 1983\\" disc that came with the legacy edition of Def Leppard's \\"Pyromania\\" which actually sounds WORSE than the bootleg (how they managed that, I have no idea) and the Dio \\"Live At Donington\\" which I bought the Japanese SHM version and is only a slight improvement over the free trade versions.  I am happy to say that this release is a dramatic improvement over the free trade versions.  All the instruments have depth and the vocals sound great.  They did stick with a very live sound in the production.  Yes, that does sound stupid but this disc actually sounds like you're at a concert; the audience is up in the mix, the drums sound how they should sound at a concert.  Too many live albums get produced like studio albums and lose that live vibe and feel to them but \\"Live At Donington 1990\\" actually does make you feel like you're at the show.      The only issue I have with any of the performances is the Steve Vai \\"solo\\" track \\"For The Love Of God.\\"  It just doesn't have the same impact as live versions that I've heard with his own back up band.  This could be due to the fact that Vandenberg, Sarzo and Aldridge felt that Vai treated them AS a backing band and didn't feel like putting their all into it or they're not used to performing instrumentals or a hundred other reasons but, whatever the reason, the performance on this song falls flat.  Other than that, it's a great representation of live 'Snake at that moment in time and would be a worthy addition to any CD collection.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I got hung up on the fight that had been taking place between the numerous 1 star reviewers.  They were going back and fourth debating the accuracy of this HBO mini-series. As is often the case with these Amazon reviews, the conversations get heated and quickly turn into personal jabs. It is a shame that too much knowledge of a certain subject can rob a person of the sheer enjoyment when that subject is presented on film. Oh Well, I am not a History Teacher, nor am I a Professor of any kind. I did not major in History in college, and what few classes I had to take, I memorized what I could for the exams and forgot the rest. Most of my college history courses were in Western History (Ancient Greek and Rome). I very much enjoyed this HBO mini-series. I just finished watching it today. I found it on a shelf in my mother's house and took an interest and I am so glad that I did. I found it to be very entertaining. I never read the book, on which this series is based, and so I cannot claim to be expert of its factuality or accuracy, however I was moved by this depiction of a man's self sacrifice for the creation and building of this great nation. I never considered the early, EARLY, developemental stages of the United States and thus this series really opened my eyes and forced me to regret -on some level- my own selfishness as a teenager in not focusing on my studies with the intention of giving my mind to the cause of the further development of my country. Although I did go to college, and manage to make Dean's a couple of times before graduating, this film really made me feel guilty about not doing more for America. Seeing how hard these men worked for this country and how rapidly we in these contemporary times are destroying it, I couldnt help but feel some sorrow for Adams. This was a man who had a respect for the law and for the Republic and for Independance -it made me sick, and at times nearly brought me to tears, when I think about the vast majority of this nation's inhabitants who have no respect for the Declaration of Independance and the Constitution of the United States.  It took such effort and such sacrifice for those two great documents to come into being. Well, getting off my soap box -I noticed some reviewers had a problem with the accuracy of the depiction of Adam's character. Again, having not read the book, I am in no position to argue the case, but I can say that I personally did not find this character to be unlikeable in anyway. I saw this character as a man who was trying to build a nation and free himself and his fellow man from the bonds of a strangling yet neglectful monarchy. I would think that one would have to be tough as stone and just as cold to make one's case and fight the good fight. If anything I found Jefferson's character to be too standoffish and not passionate nor active enough in the fight -this may not be historically accurate, but that was the impression I got from this series. In addition Franklin was presented as just plain decadent, indulgent and silly. Some people disliked Abigail's depiction and again I would have to disagree. I loved how she was strong willed, opinionated and yet refined and decent. She watched out for her man and stood by -as a spouse should -and watched her husband's faults. She was there to perfect her husband for his duty, whether or not she succeeded, she was a fantastic support and I loved her character. It was sweet and powerful when she passed away. She was such a force in Adam's life -according to the series. Finally, I noticed in the fight among the 1 star group that some disliked the scene where the man was tar and feathered. I found this scene to be very powerful and necessary for the drama -whether historically accurate, I do not know, but the series is for entertainment. The exposure and victimization of the gentleman really expressed the rage of the people and how they were fed up with the treatment by, and sheer arrogance of, the English Monarchy. Thewere driven insane by their rage.  I would recommend this series to anyone to watch as entertainment and as a reminder that many people fought, struggled and died for the birth of this great nation and we should love this country, it's laws and the ideas upon which it was founded.
0812979702|4.0|I am re-reading this book after some six years - very interesting and easy to apply techniques.  Some tangible results already, especially in putting.
B0018YIW4S|5.0|This collection is solid! Hard to believe these songs are LIVE!!  Surprised this band wasn't bigger - GREAT songs!
0374531269|5.0|A long way gone by Ishmael Beah walks you through a tale of young boy and his friends trapped in between war, death and chaos. Beah successfully keeps you on the edge of your seat while leading you through a journey of misery and despair. This auto-biography puts to light the true meaning of war and the human condition. In \\"Memoirs of a Boy Soldier\\" Ishmael Beah depicts the utter devastation of war and the affect it has on the mind of the youth.    Beah proves the horror and atrocities committed to purely innocent people is what makes \\"war hell\\" and so gruesome that it disfigures everyone that encounters it. The author uses imagery to describe the extent of the war; he describes babies being covered from head to toe with bullets and boy used as a messenger from the rebels who had all of his fingers cut of instead of his thumbs. Beah uses many contrasting elements to further prove his point. He shows the difference between peace and war, and also life and death.   Ismael is mentally and physically trapped in the middle of the war. He loses contact with his friends and his family is burned to death. He is forced to fend for his own. He joins the army against the rebels and that is where he truly begins to lose the sense of who he is. He's unable to think while he's high on drugs and killing has become as easy as drinking water.  The only thing that can save Ismael is love, a love from a nurse and finally a mother that brings him to New York to tell his story. This is truly a captivating story that takes your breath away and makes you realize that there is always hope no matter how bleak the chances are.
B000LC55F2|5.0|This was a fascinating film.  Definitely the type you'll want to watch a second time.  The plot is clever and compelling, and David Bowie even makes an appearance.  The story is very dark and sometimes brutal.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|I have had the Kindle app on my Mytouch Slide for about 8 months or so. Amongst other titles, I've been reading a lot of Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child collaborations. I'm getting annoyed at the grammatical errors in these books. Lots of forgotten punctuation, unnecessary hyphenation of names, and most recently in the book I'm on now, the word in the sentence was supposed to be \\"days\\" and it came out \\"(toys.\\" Really? Open parenthesis and the word toys is a substitution for days? Whoever is transposing books from hardcover to electronic is doing a terrible job. It's annoying to catch these on my phone when I never had a complaint about them in the real books. If e-books continue going downhill, I don't have a problem being that girl that protests electronic reading devices outside your local bookstore and urges you to buy the grammatically correct hardcovers. This is ridiculous. Doesn't Amazon have editors?
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Great book. I know it's cliche, but I couldn't put it down. Reminded me of a lot of other books but was original enough to hold its own. It would make a great movie too. Hint, hint.
B004IH0TS4|5.0|LOVE THIS BOOK!!!!! In the first chapter I was hooked. I was worried that this book would be like Harry Potter and be a waste of time and money- but I was so glad I was wrong. I don't believe in the gods, but I still liked the story line. It was fun to read and there was a TON of action in it. I didn't want to put it down, so I finished it in two days. I can't wait to get the next one! For me, it was a fictional book that was fun and action packed. LOVE it and definately encourage other people to read it. Good for any age, nothing inappropriate was written in this book. I'm in the eleventh grade and enjoyed this book VERY much.
B0018QPPXW|5.0|My son treated me to this movie shortly after it was released. He proudly informed me that since he looked something like the kid in the film, he could become a movie star too. For weeks, he slid across the kitchen floor in his socks, laughing.  He was killed in a hiking accident later that year. Every time Cruise makes a movie, I buy it, because he so makes me think of Steve.  His films are very good, this one and The Last Samauri being my favorites.
B002JWD6AS|2.0|The dialogue in this book was so painfully adolescent, I couldn't finish the book.  I let the first few cheesy lines slide, but then it got to be ridiculous.  The dialogue between the characters sounds like something you would hear on a 50's sitcom... no depth.  Definitely not witty.  Just corny.  I actually cringed a few times reading this book... but kept trying to stick it out.  I couldn't do it.    I think the book may make for a cute story for a younger child, but definitely not interesting enough to entertain a young adult or adult reader.
B004CAE208|5.0|This book is as fun to read..or listen to...as it is to look out. Truly a classic that children will ask for time and time again.
B0028RXXFC|5.0|If you like this time period and ROME this is the series to get.  The series was well filmed and the actors are good.  You get immersed in all the visuals.  Realistic and it has all the blood and action you can handle.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is one of those books you pick up and find yourself completely surprised with. I had mostly written it off as a young adult book and not up to my level, but after several strong recommendations I decided to pick it up. The author did a good job bringing to life the post apocalyptic world that the characters lived in and what their daily trials were to survive. I read all three books in three days and couldn't put any of them down. I felt that the first book was the best overall, but all three were very good and I highly recommend them. This will be my first 5 star rating on anything.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|I didn't know I had a premium plan when I signed up for the service to begin with.  Must have missed the memo.  I don't know how many people have only 250 songs.  Thanks Applezon.
B000PDYVVG|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  The author did a good job with explaining her spiritual journey.  I've heard complaints that the author was whiny and self-absorbed.  But given what she was attempting to do, I think it is her right to be.  I wish others would right such an honest book about themselves.  I especially liked where she does the bit about the dialogue with herself in her mind about meditation.  Nice to know I'm not the only one that carries on entire conversations in my head.  I often have trouble sleeping because I can't quiet the noise in my head at night.  The dialogue just continues on and on.  So I appreciate what she is talking about in this book.
B002UNMW7O|1.0|I'm glad to see that Hollywood is reaching out to the developmentally disabled community, by employing mentally challenged directors, script writers and actors to produce movies of a caliber that is easily comprehensible to people of a genetically predetermined low IQ and limited understanding. Obviously, the movie would be intolerable to an audience of normal intelligence, but its constant shooting, non-existent plot, dopey posturing and incoherent, meaningless dialogue are enough to keep an audience of low-functioning mental incompetents occupied for two hours. So again, kudos to Hollywood for recognizing a previously underserved audience. And to Troy Duffy: You're a winner! Sean Patrick Flanery: Yay for you! Norman Reedus: You win the prize!
B000FCKGPC|1.0|I can't believe what a waste of time this book was, and I was shocked to find out that the 5th installment has been delayed for years (the pre-order fooled me), but it's also just the other  points of view during the same time period?  Then why the delay?    This installment was deadly boring and repetitive.  I couldn't have cared less about the new characters.  I couldn't even keep them straight.  It just went nowhere, but the whole time I figured at least the story line would wrap up with the next book, one way or another.  When I got to the final chapter, I almost threw my kindle across the room.     Will I buy the next book?  Not unless I see a whole heck of a lot of positive reviews saying that he redeemed himself (or his editor, rather) and that it is the final installment that wraps everything up.  I am not going to slog through another 1,000 pages and then another and another.
B004VBAHG6|4.0|I didn't expect something like the album Ninth from Peter Murphy. You'd think he would have packed it in by now. But the old goth rock God re-assembled the great Bauhaus and toured with the band for a time recently. They also released an album, Go Away White in 2008. The last good solo album for Murphy was Cascade in 1995. And you know, overall, that album was fairly strong. But Ninth is much, much better. And dare I say this, Ninth is in my view, better than the iconic record Deep. There's a real raw energy to these tunes and David Baron -- who co-wrote most of these songs -- does a brilliant job with production duties. The drum sound is terrific on Ninth and the collage of guitars, with strings in the mix on stellar tracks like I Spit Roses and The Prince and Old Lady Shade makes for some incredible tuneage. Velocity Bird is a seering opener. Some might argue that the amazing single I Spit Roses is the standout here. But Seesaw Sway, Never Fall Out, Memory Go and Uneven and Brittle are all real toe-tappers which Murphy sinks his teeth into. I have no idea what the Secret Silk Society is, but I'd love to be a member. It sounds quite dangerous. Crème de La Crème slows things down with prominent piano and strings. This is a great track to close Ninth. And Murphy sings this tune with considerable aplomb. I take Daniel Thorlby's point about Murphy's singing. I suppose from a strictly technical point of view Peter Murphy's voice isn't nearly as pliant as it was 20 years ago. Is it smoking, age? I don't know frankly. I can't touch my toes anymore, but hey, I get by. Let's face facts, Murphy's pipes are still pretty marvelous. His range is quite stunning and what he does in the lower register of his vocals is particularly impressive, as is his phrasing. Ninth knocks my socks off -- 4 and a half stars!
B000TETIJ6|2.0|I won't reiterate all the other reviews, or try to tell you the history of each song and track on this album.  Let me just say that Jim Steinman's participation was sorely missed when they made this album.  For one thing, I have the distinct sense that this was somehow meant to be a country album.  (Just listen to the duets he does...told ya.)  It's always been difficult for Meat Loaf to get into the groove when recording in the studio and this album is no exception.  There's just very little pizzaz.  If you want to hear many of the songs on this album done the RIGHT way, grab a copy of Steinman's/Pandora's Box's \\"Original Sin\\" and kick back.  What a difference!  BOH III is, in my opinion, more for completists and devoted fans.
B000JLTR8G|4.0|This movie is as fresh today, 2011, as it was when it came out in the 1970s.  Realistic, tense and reflective. The actor's chemistry was very balanced and the storyline was sentimental without being mushy.  Very good movie.
B000256TD0|4.0|Totally awesome buy. I kept this in the office and it always sparked conversations. My six year old wanted to take it but there's no way I'm giving him this awesome toy!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|This album is one of her best. It is easy to listen to and invites relaxation. A good thing to do now days.
B004SUDPXW|5.0|Breaking Bad is one of the most addictive shoes of all time. After the first episode your hooked! It is so intense and enticing that you will wanty to watch episode after episode after apisode. My husband and I absolutely love it! I would recommend this serious to everyone.
B001HN694K|2.0|I hated this film.   Alice upgraded to angsty teen to be more commercially appealing, allowing her to have some kind of flirty relationship with the Hatter. Hatter turned into a pseudo heroic figure to accomodate Depp's image. Ending with a battle between good and evil. Ho hum.  Burton had a chance here to make the greatest ever version of the greatest ever children's story. Instead it's a rampant tribute to his own ego.  He seems to be under the illusion that his imagination and inventiveness are equal to Carrolls. It ain't.  if the film had been called Tim Burton's Alice, I might have worn it. As it is, it is a huge disappointment that it is not the original story.  A golden opportunity thrown away by the arrogance of a grossly over rated director.
B000ASATZ8|2.0|Only DVD #1 and #3 are worth seeing.   #2 They tried to replace Kevin Bacon with some other actor and it was painful to watch the failure.  #4 Was a travel back to the wildwest and was absurd; not worth your time.
0312323867|4.0|In Something Borrowed, we were introduced to Rachel and Darcy, two women that have been friends for ages. Rachel is painted as a nice girl who tolerates Darcy's antics and Darcy is definitely full of antics. At the end of SoBo, Darcy is pregnant with a baby that does not belong to her fiance. Her pending marriage is called off and Darcy's life is not as perfect or as easy anymore. Darcy flees to London to make a new life for herself, all while crashing in her childhood friend, Ethan's small flat.<br /><br />I loved Something Borrowed but I wasn't sure that I was going to like Something Blue as much as I didn't really like Darcy, as she did some pretty deplorable things in Something Borrowed. Something Blue is more a story of a woman realizing that sometimes everything isn't going to be handed to you on a silver platter nor that it should be. It took me about 150 pages to start feeling a little bit for Darcy but eventually I really fell in love with the character.<br /><br />This is a sweet escape. While it's not necessary to read Something Borrowed before you read Something Blue as SoBl rehashes a lot of what happened in SoBo, it would still be a good idea to read SoBo first as it really builds up who Darcy was before she had her epiphany.<br /><br />Bottom line, this book is a lot of fun!<br /><br />(Review also posted at [...])
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Really enjoyed playing this game. Got it while it was free here on Amazon.  addictive gameplay, keeps you entertained. throws new things at you so it doesn't get boring. Has a good replay value for a single player game.
B002SJIO5E|1.0|Sci-fi movies like Alien, Predator,& Signs, were great movies. The t.v. mini series \\"V\\" did it so much better and much more believable than this hunk of junk.  This movie suffered in more ways than one. The plot had some promise, however the acting was a joke, none of the HUMAN characters had any real depth so the acting fell flat just going through the motions of reading the script the same as you would a newspaper. Making the Aliens look like giant shrimp wearing body armour whos idea was that???? Giving it the documentary feel only helped contribute to the cheapola B movie factor. I am in total disbelief that so many viewers liked this movie giving it 5 stars..! To me it looked cheesy and just plain stupid.
B000E1ZBFY|5.0|I rented this movie from my local library and then lent it to two friends.  They both thanked me for having introduced them to it.  I highly recommend this movie for everyone - for the historical aspect in part, but mostly for the purpose of inspiring each of us toward greatness.    Wow.  I loved this movie so much, I bought it.
B0043EV774|4.0|when i first ordered this video you jumped right to an old credit card instead of my checking that i've been using for months then i had to reorder due to your cancellation by check and you charged me three dollars more have'nt watched video yet but thanks ps i want my three dollars
B004GBIE3Y|4.0|I liked it.  The message was good and there is plenty of relating points.  I think they did a good job of blending humor with realistic life experiences.  The cast does a good job holding my attention throughout the movie.  Worth the watch if you like Sundance type films.
B0019IB26I|5.0|I consistently find Mr. Mayer's work exciting and invigorating - especially when he lets loose with the sounds that are true to his soul. His jazzy, bluesy pieces, and his excellent, sometimes unsettling syncopation keep me loving his music, and this album is truly the best of all his worlds colliding. With a different set for each of his 'genres', Mayer strikes gold with this pleasant combo of tried and true fan pop favorites, along with his trio work which highlights great music with superb guitar work.  His cover on Free Falling is one of my favorite renditions of this Petty classic, and frankly, dependent on my mood, I can re-listen to most of this album's songs pretty regularly. Kudos, also, for his live band mixes for old favorites like Why, Georgia, Why, which really shine in a live setting. This album is a must-have for all Mayer fans, and is certainly the album to pass along to those just getting introduced to the man's music.
B004RSCWZ2|5.0|After many years of \\"solo\\" careers and recordings (often intermingling their talents), wife and husband Tedeschi and Trucks have teamed up full time to create a smooth, even, mature, solid and beautifully well-married sound (with an extended band of 11 familiar family and friends) - making for a 'best-of-both worlds' sound (12 original Tedeschi vocal dominant rock-blues-funk-pop songs that nonetheless take time for some great solos from Trucks).<br /><br />Generally, I'm more of a Trucks than Tedeschi fan - never tiring of his sublime guitar playing, and think he just continues to mature and deepen with each new recording. I also like Susan's approach and think she's plenty talented, but can't help think of Bonnie Raitt when I hear her sing... What I like so much with this CD is how well their sounds and approaches have been blended. What I don't like so much is that there is just too much Tedeschi vocals. I'd like to have heard more from Mike Mattison on vocals and Trucks instrumentals.<br /><br />Undoubtedly this new CD sets a new bar for contemporary adult roots/rock recording with top-notch writing, performances and production, and it's nice to see Trucks and Tedeschi continuing to refine their sound, but I hope Trucks continues to explore and record (perhaps less song oriented jams like on the last song's coda) on his own as well....<br /><br />(Updated on 1/23/12 - I had the chance to see them live in Houston last week, and it was perhaps the BEST concert I've ever seen! They obviously are a happy family, with each member being given ample opportunity to stretch it out with extended solos. I was especially impressed with Tedeschi. She won me over in the first few moments as a great band leader - strong, confident, beautiful, with a great voice, and a few tasty guitar solos, without a hint of show-boating - and I never once thought of Bonnie Raitt. Of course Trucks was great with his effortless and creative playing, both when providing lead and support. Also remarkable were the trumpet solos - sounding an awful lot like Miles Davis... and the nice twist of a couple of guys providing back up vocals for a woman. What a band, and I now look forward to a live recording from this tour...)s - sounding an awful lot like Miles Davis... and the nice twist of a couple of guys providing back up vocals for a woman. What a band, and I now look forward to a live recording from this tour...)
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This app works as described. I was able to get 3 bars from my router after switching channels. Highly recommend. It also comes in handy when away from my home
B002GZQYMK|5.0|In a word...Epic!  System Of A Down meets Depeche Mode with more tilt towards the latter.  Polished old school if you will.  I initially listened to the entire Muse CD on a great sound system and no distractions. The Resistance is a pleasure from start to finish.  Oh, and did I mention...the sound is Epic!
B0052UZIFA|4.0|thanks for making a game I cannot stop playing :-) the only problem is on my galaxy tablet it crashes after playing for a while. data is saved however so its not a big problem is, love it.
B004EPYZPS|4.0|J.J. Abrams is a writer/director/producer I can't quite get a read on. I never bothered with any of the TV series he was involved with (\\"Alias,\\" \\"Lost,\\" \\"Fringe\\") and after practically loathing Mission: Impossible II, I skipped III altogether. On the other hand though, Star Trek was pretty fantastic, Joy Ride sits comfortably in my collection of guilty pleasures, and Cloverfield was pretty decent at times. So Abrams work basically ranges from okay to amazing to me. So you can understand why my excitement for Super 8 was easy to contain. Trailers didn't reveal much of anything. Other than some kids making a zombie movie that witness a devastating train crash with some sort of extraordinary creature as its cargo being unleashed and the trailers giving off a big E.T. vibe, there wasn't much else to take away from it. That's the point with an Abrams project though; that key element is kept secret to pique interest and the payoff is usually something spectacular. Super 8 certainly delivers something worth waiting for.<br /><br />We spend most of the time with the kids of the film. If it's not the zombie film we're focused on, it's the friendship between Joe (Joel Courtney) and Charles (Riley Griffiths) or the relationship that develops between Joe and Alice (Elle Fanning). Something tragic happens to Joe and it's a story point that manages to make itself relevant throughout the course of the film. As you can imagine, the first half of the film is a little slow. Things crawl along while some depth is added to the characters. Character development is never something to be ashamed of.<br /><br />The train wreck is where things pick up. The sound effects used in the film are so loud, so distinct, and so precise that it makes you feel like you're actually there at that train station witnessing this horrific event in person. The sound utilized in the film is a huge drawing point for seeing the film in theaters. Explosions are felt not heard as the creature's screams seem to vibrate your very bones.<br /><br />Speaking of explosions, the special effects are also quite impressive. The teases leading up to the creature's big reveal draw a lot of interest. Cars being thrown in the air, heavy machinery being totally destroyed in an instant, something monstrous and inhuman being seen in reflective surfaces, and people screaming for their lives as something races across the screen and abducts them. But obviously the actual creature is the high point of the special effects. Look no further than the Kelvin gas station scene, the bus scene, or the entire finale for proof of this. As far as the creature is concerned, Cloverfield will probably be the first thing that comes to mind. But you actually get to SEE what was on that train and it's fairly astounding.<br /><br />The film is kind of like if E.T. and The Goonies were combined into one film along with bits of Cloverfield and Battle: Los Angeles injected into it. You know, if Battle: Los Angeles wasn't a total letdown.<br /><br />Super 8 is a rather brilliant sci-fi thriller. There's plenty of buildup and character development, which results in big action sequences having a bigger impact and actually makes you care about these characters when something goes wrong for them. The creature is teased for so long that when you do finally see it, it feels like a huge accomplishment. The cast of kids is really the heart of the film while Elle Fanning's exceptional acting puts her ahead of the pack. The film blindsides you in the gut with a strong assault of emotion that makes you reminisce the best and most memorable Steven Spielberg films. Not to mention the outstanding special effects and loud yet engaging use of sound. Super 8 is an emotionally powerful sci-fi film featuring a wonderful cast, solid storyline, immense sound effects, groundbreaking special effects, and some ridiculously awesome action sequences.bones.    Speaking of explosions, the special effects are also quite impressive. The teases leading up to the creature's big reveal draw a lot of interest. Cars being thrown in the air, heavy machinery being totally destroyed in an instant, something monstrous and inhuman being seen in reflective surfaces, and people screaming for their lives as something races across the screen and abducts them. But obviously the actual creature is the high point of the special effects. Look no further than the Kelvin gas station scene, the bus scene, or the entire finale for proof of this. As far as the creature is concerned, Cloverfield will probably be the first thing that comes to mind. But you actually get to SEE what was on that train and it's fairly astounding.    The film is kind of like if E.T. and The Goonies were combined into one film along with bits of Cloverfield and Battle: Los Angeles injected into it. You know, if Battle: Los Angeles wasn't a total letdown.    Super 8 is a rather brilliant sci-fi thriller. There's plenty of buildup and character development, which results in big action sequences having a bigger impact and actually makes you care about these characters when something goes wrong for them. The creature is teased for so long that when you do finally see it, it feels like a huge accomplishment. The cast of kids is really the heart of the film while Elle Fanning's exceptional acting puts her ahead of the pack. The film blindsides you in the gut with a strong assault of emotion that makes you reminisce the best and most memorable Steven Spielberg films. Not to mention the outstanding special effects and loud yet engaging use of sound. Super 8 is an emotionally powerful sci-fi film featuring a wonderful cast, solid storyline, immense sound effects, groundbreaking special effects, and some ridiculously awesome action sequences.
1400052181|5.0|A well researched, documented and written book!  I purchased it for my home library after reading a public library's copy!
B001XSCRKO|5.0|It comes with the two movies on two DVD's. If you happen to like those two movies (or just one of them) check it out. It's pretty cheap and is a decent product.
B00005JLIU|2.0|Country girl Millie (Julie Andrews) comes to the big city in search of a husband. While she is being transformed from a hick to a bobbed beauty, she meets up with a poor orphan girl, Dorothy (Mary Tyler Moore) and both rent rooms at the \\"Single Girls' Hotel\\". Turns out, that the owner of this place, Mrs. Meers (Beatrice Lillie), is employed to find \\"lonely, orphan girls\\" and turn them in to a Chinese white slavery ring. Mrs. Meers' radar is on Dorothy and attempts to chloroform her, but usually fails, thanks to Millie's helpful accidental intrusions. Other characters are introduced, Jimmy (James Fox) her guy friend, Trevor Graydon (John Gavin) Millie's employer, and Muzzy (Carol Channing) the gang's rich friend. Ultimately, the story ends with saving Dorothy from the white slavers and Millie's dream of marrying an employer is fulfilled.     The acting is ridiculous and the general plot is plain stupid. There was some mystery concerning Mrs. Meers and slavers, but eventually that turned out stupid too. I do have to say though, her fail of attempts at doping Dorothy were pretty funny. Julie Andrews' acting wasn't bad, but everybody else was too exaggerated. Mary Tyler Moore's and Carol Channing's voices were extremely aggravating and I had a hard time to maintain sanity throughout the whole thing.    The only reason I'm giving it two stars was because the music was catchy, especially the theme song and the Yiddish song Andrews sang at the Jewish wedding.     I should also comment that the MPAA rating should be more PG than G. There was some language and suggestive content, especially about the white slavery issue. Just to keep in mind around the real young audiences.
0345529057|5.0|If you're watching \\"Game of Thrones\\" on HBO, you should also read the books; to help sort out the complexities of the story.    This series of four books (soon to be 5) describes life in the medevial country of Westeros and the interplay between 7 kingdoms.  The politics alone are immensley complex, and compounded by historical feuds and arranged marriages.    As the story begins, Westeros is ruled by King Robert Baratheon, who acquired the throne through war.  He is surrounded by enemies and enlists the aid of his old friend, Ned Stark, of Winterfell, to serve as the King's \\"Hand\\", a position of advisor, councillor, and stand-in when necessary.    As Robert, now grown older, fat, and querelous, tries to keep his kingdom together, with Ned's help, he is unaware of three serious threats.  He has underestimated the treachery of his wife and her family; he is unaware of the growing menace in the north beyond the 700' ice wall in the north, built to keep back the \\"white walkers\\" who thrived hundreds of years ago, and he is unaware of the machinations of the last surviving member of the family Targareon, whose father was king before Robert diposed him.    This feudal setting encompasses many royal houses, which will all be threatened by war, the walking dead known as the white walkers, dragons, sorceresses, and the greed and avarice of individuals.      Watch the first season on HBO and read the books if you want to spend glorious hours in another land with amazingly interesting people.
B00004XPPE|5.0|Although the keepcase for the Fail-safe Special Edition is colorized, the film is the original B&W.<br /><br />Any student or fan of B&W film should watch Fail-Safe for the pure art of the cinematography.  On an HD system the DVD transfer appears noir grainy, but the images are sharp, the shadows dramatic, the lighting incredible.  The closeups are practically Blu-ray crisp, pulling your eye to facial detail to emphasize the staggering stress of the characters, a stress beautifully portrayed.<br /><br />Additionally, the 2 channel monographic soundtrack has an aged feel.  The lack of a music score, the pace of the dialogue, and the frame composition in B&W all magnify the emotional power and personal drama of the film, emphasizing a familiar fear for anyone who was living during the height of the Cold War.  The full-screen 1.85:1 widescreen format also truly enhances the viewing experience.<br /><br />Purchase, ponder, enjoy, discuss. Although the film has an early 60's historical context, the scenario is just as real today with variations on the theme.  A powerful film.
B0042816YK|5.0|I really like this movie it gives me such a peaceful feeling. Yes there is practically no actions in this movie, like other reviewers were complaining, but I think this is a point - no action, just self-realization.  I like show on PBS: As time goes by, it gives me similar feeling and there is no much action either.   I think you just have to relax and smell the roses.  I also impressed by Julia Roberts performance, I think that she really grew up as an actress.
1582701709|4.0|This book has excellent concepts on how to improve your life and live your full potential. However, it is the type of book that makes you feel amazing for a short while after you read it then you won't feel so good as time passes. That's because it is too vague and does not describe in detail how to make it work and why you feel the way you do. It's a very short book, a lot of pages are only a few words. It basically says \\"If you feel good you will attract good things\\", and other things such as gratitude and the power of believing in yourself. However, it does not talk about why you got the way you are, how people have influenced you, or other factors that contribute to your thoughts. So you'll begin by applying the concepts and then as time passes you will begin to feel bad again because you didn't address other factors. Self Matters by Dr Phil uses basically same concepts as the secret but it is written in much more detail so you know exactly what to do. So in conclusion, the ideas in The Secret make perfect sense, but the book is vague and will not help you out in the long run.
1416955070|4.0|Mary McGhan  Magic Within    Vampires, Werewolves, Shadow Hunters, and the forsaken. Halloween has thrown up all over this book. However this magical regurgitation differs from the expected. This book focuses on the life of an average teenage girl, Clary, who gets her eyes opened to the Shadow World through her mom's disappearance and the unexpected assistance of supernatural beings, the shadow hunters. City of Bones, by Cassandra Clare, creates a mystical world of self discovery and adventure for Clary, who learns a side of herself she never knew existed.   One concept highlighted throughout the book which I enjoy is the path to self discovery that each character travels. Clary continues to search of answers about her mother's secret world and learns more about her past. Another character, Alec, undergoes an internal debate while he finds himself and what he likes because of his territory issues with his best friend, Jace.   The last important aspect that stuck out to me was while the mass confusion, Epiphanies, and action, Clary still has time to spice up her life with new romances. Her new bond with Jace entails flirtation. However, the thought of her best friend Simon brings on a new spark she never thought could occur. How Cassandra adds ordinary drama interspersed with a supernatural story creates more depth that teenagers are sure to enjoy.   Overall, I raced through this book and my eyes spell boundedly glued themselves to every page. Cassandra Clare's dose of self discovery and reality infused with a mythical world leave the readers pining for more romance, realization, and extraordinary feats to indulge in.
B00005YUPO|5.0|As with all Baby Einstein videos, my grandson loves Baby Bach.  He is almost 3, but still enjoys watching it repeatedly.
B0054EZ6JM|5.0|This has to be one of the best episodes so far!!!!    I will admit that the 2 part arc was great, but this one was my favorite of the two.  Keep it up!
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|This app was great this past semester for many different college related projects.  Worked with no problems on DroidX and was so helpful that even this broke college student is considering buying!
0131177052|5.0|This Michael Feathers' book tells you the fundamentals that many developers lack these days. These fundamentals look small and simple but if one doesn't invest in them, software quality could suffer. Software becomes legacy as soon as code is written without unit tests. And then it becomes difficult to refactor. That's the reason we have a lot of legacy code in the entire industry today. Michael has successfully told the importance of the real meaning of \\"testable\\" code/design.    The author provides many practical information that I feel easily related to in my day-to-day job as a developer. Particularly helpful is the chapter \\"dependency breaking techniques\\", which tells you detailed steps on refactoring code incrementally and safely in many scenarios.    This book is simple to follow. The author did not use many buzz words and illustrate boring principles, but went straight to the heart of the problem and told you practical tips. Now, I finally feel some fun working with legacy code. See it as an opportunity to apply the techniques you can learn from this book. There is no more excuse to keep legacy code the same bad form as when it first comes to you. Finally, I think it is an important starter book for everyone in a team, then you will see the impact it brings - a culture of producing quality software.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I would prefer the unedited original star wars but I don't care enough to give it anything less than 5 stars.  I'm going to pre-order this and then wait patiently for it to come out.  Hopefully the transfer is better then the VHS versions I have sitting around collecting dust (I no longer have a VCR).  Even if the quality is on par with what I expect, I would be happy.  How much can you really up convert a movie that was shot before HD anyways.
B004UA8D1O|5.0|My family and I loved this movie. I am so glad I did not listen to the other reviews and so glad it was shot in 3D not the post production crap Hollywood keeps pumping out!!!    It is what it is a survival movie and does the job well. The acting was just fine and the 3D effects are great even in low light, James Cameron did a fantastic job! This Blu Ray 3D rocks!
B00000JZIQ|5.0|The Story is easy to read and simple to understand. It is a great companion book for the Bible. Of course we should never let any other book takes the place of the Word of God but on its own merits \\" The Book \\" is truly enjoyable and enlightening.
0312600844|5.0|This is the first novel of Franzen's that I've read.     Very simply, I loved the characters, the story, and the beauty of the piece!
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|CD arrived in perfect condition and every single song on it is AWESOME!  These guys have some of the best lyrics!
0307279189|5.0|Inspirational, entertaining, and informative.     This is book is worth the read even if you have no interest in running at all.    I loved this book.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|There's not much to say that hasn't been said in the hundreds of reviews before mine. I'll just add that this was so much better than I ever expected. The first left me a little bored; good story, just not much action. After watching this one, I can't wait for the third!
B004L79VUI|4.0|Fundamental Robertson through and through. Not his best, but even on a bad day Robbie punches through some seriously superior tunes. It took a listen or two to really get it, but once I did I sure was glad I stuck it out. How To Become Clairvoyant serves to further define Robertson as a perpetually relevant presence in rock and roll. And that's the way it ought to stay.
B00004S35Z|5.0|Following a near fatal car accident it wasn't long before this album was written,recorded and released this album. From the elaborate \\"this is your life-done-up-psychedelic style\\" tapestry of the album cover this is one of those albums where the artists purest and honest expressions of emotions come out at it's strongest. I personally felt as if I'd known Wonder as an intimate friend all my life upon hearing this album. Not only is it his most personel album by far but the music on it has a certain shine and polish to it that strongly anticipates what was to come from his after. Far,far musically and productionwise from the somewhat more spare [[ASIN:B000001A6N Innervisions]] this album basically takes the framework of sound and lyricism of his previous three releases to their logical conclusions. Now while these albums each had growing intimacy about them this took each aspect of that flavor and expanded them out both musically and lyrical all at the same time.<br /><br />  Honestly outside of the \\"Superstition\\"-like clavinet political funk of \\"You Haven't Done Nothing\\",featuring the Jackson 5 on backup choruses and the somewhat lusty and similar \\"Boogie On Reggae Woman\\" this album is lighter on the funk and heavier on the layered mid to low tempo tunes devoted mostly to stylistic and melodic invention. \\"Smile Please\\" and \\"Please Don't Go\\" are both fairly basic themes of optimism over loss. However \\"Heaven Is 10 Million Lightyears Away\\" and \\"They Won't Go When I Go\\" are pure masterpieces. With their layered keyboards,pianos and synths intermingled with the songs lyrical allusions to spiritual and emotional longing. They totally bury any barriers that history created between European classical music and gospel/spirituals and truly bring out the unity and humanity of their concepts throughout. Everyone has their favorite and mine is \\"Bird Of Beauty\\". It's a major key latin-jazz-pop style number about talking a vacation from oneself and their problems that my own mom used with....let's just say a certain adventurous activity that was filed and had this music added to it.<br /><br />  After that we STILL have three more songs to go! There are two more ballad type tunes-the more midtempo \\"It Ain't No Use\\" and the slower \\"Too Shy To Say\\",both dealing with the idea of the different barriers people in love put up to hide true emotion. And another highlite with it's mildly atonal,dreamy synth washes \\"Creepin'\\" explores unrequited sexual fantasy in only the way Stevie Wonder can whatever subject he touches with his music. Now word of warning: to anyone who shies away from ultra open and honest emotional expression this is not going to be the album for you. It's Stevie baring his soul to you and he's known for that anyway. But both vocally,lyrically and musically he does that greatly here and doesn't pull any punches at all. Every bit as theraputic as John Lennon's [[ASIN:B003Y8YXFI Plastic Ono Band]] this album did something that one didn't quite manage:focus it's human messages to the world outside it's subject as cautionary and informative tales and did so in a far more hopeful manner. Not only that but it influenced so much of how musicians all across pop,funk and soul in how they produce music. Added to the fact it's a joy to listen to and you have Stevie Wonder's humanized symphony in the groove.lems that my own mom used with....let's just say a certain adventurous activity that was filed and had this music added to it.                         After that we STILL have three more songs to go! There are two more ballad type tunes-the more midtempo \\"It Ain't No Use\\" and the slower \\"Too Shy To Say\\",both dealing with the idea of the different barriers people in love put up to hide true emotion. And another highlite with it's mildly atonal,dreamy synth washes \\"Creepin'\\" explores unrequited sexual fantasy in only the way Stevie Wonder can whatever subject he touches with his music. Now word of warning: to anyone who shies away from ultra open and honest emotional expression this is not going to be the album for you. It's Stevie baring his soul to you and he's known for that anyway. But both vocally,lyrically and musically he does that greatly here and doesn't pull any punches at all. Every bit as theraputic as John Lennon's [[ASIN:B003Y8YXFI Plastic Ono Band]] this album did something that one didn't quite manage:focus it's human messages to the world outside it's subject as cautionary and informative tales and did so in a far more hopeful manner. Not only that but it influenced so much of how musicians all across pop,funk and soul in how they produce music. Added to the fact it's a joy to listen to and you have Stevie Wonder's humanized symphony in the groove.
B00005QGAT|5.0|For fans of early MJ this is the album for you. Some of the best songs include Don't Stop Till You Get Enough, Rock With You  and of course Off The Wall. Michael you're the best.
B00004SZWD|5.0|Both of Stevie Wonder's previous two albums to this were one of the few in pop history that can truly be called musical masterpieces. From beginning to end they were highly consistant and original. But this was something different. Yes it was all those things too. But also it was an enormous labor of love,taking a than unbelievable 2 1/2 years to complete. With musicians such as Michael Sembello,Nathan Watts,Greg Phillinganes,Ronnie Foster and the late trumpet man Raymond Maldonado,along with a great many inspirational figures listed proudly in the album jacket this album spawned so much quality material that it sprawled a bit over the original double album lengh,including four songs that were originally included on a 45 inside the vinyl LP jacket. On this CD edition it's all in here in all it's glory. And it is glorious. The concept was the cycles of life,love and observation of the world and Wonder himself really put it all out here,no matter how long it took for the album to make it's appearance to the world. It was apparent that the lengh of time it took for this to come out was the result of how to the broad reaching subjects presented here accessible to most people. Also as previous musical ideas of Stevie's were being polished,arranged and combined into sleeker,more demanding sound ideas the end result was solid prood this was something worth waiting for.<br /><br />  Because of the amount of material I'll use two seperate paragraphs to describe each disc. The album starts out with the excellent,optimistic gospel styled pop/soul of \\"Loves In Need Of Love Today\\" and as nice a tune as it is it's STILL one of the weaker songs here if you can imagine. On other songs such as \\"Have A Talk With God\\" and the amazing (and fondly remembered) \\"Positive Paradise\\". On these songs,the latter of which doesn't feature a drum track give a go at everything;hare krishna bells,atonal polyphonic synths (the Yahama CX-1 \\"dream machine\\" to be precise) and lyrical content dealing with facing ones inner conscience and living in a time as if it was in itself a whole world. They are seperate songs but are part of a similar idea taken together. \\"Contusion\\" brings the band together for an uptempo jazz-funk/rock fusion instrumental jam and,if I may say so one of the most melodic of that form. Interestingly aside from the romantic midtempo grooves of \\"Knocks Me Off My Feet\\" the two hits on this part are two of the most compelling. \\"I Wish\\" marries pensive nostalgia with this great,playful shuffling funk while \\"Sir Duke\\" captures the flavor of..perhaps how Cab Calloway or Mr.Ellington himself might've sounded had they been recording at this time. The wistful funk groove of \\"Summer Soft\\" and the ballad/hard funk hyrbrid of \\"Ordinary Pain\\" are presented here in medley form,the former song talking of seasonal changes as living entities and the latter Stevie talking with his mascochistic female counterpart (as sung by Shirley Brewer).<br /><br />  On the second half we start out with \\"Isn't She Lovely\\",the bouncy celebration of birth and life that...yes has a well camouflaged goof in part of the harmonica solo. But Stevie's melodicism is so strong it totally disguises it from most people. \\"Joy Inside My Tears\\" and \\"If It's Magic\\",the latter featuring the late Detroit jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby both celebrate loves power to heal inner wounds married to two of his most dynamic arrangements in the form. \\"Black Man\\" is up to this point Stevie's most musically complex funk tune ever,a history lesson in song regarding the contributions of different people of different racial backrounds to American history with a likeminded musical array of different electronic synthesizer,early drum machine and vocorder effects that,to a degree predicts the electro funk movement of a few years from this point. He uses similar style in a more mambo soul style with \\"I Am Singing\\",where he sings the songs theme of musical as unifying force in Swahili,Spanish and English. It's in keeping with Stevie's concept of peoples differences being a cause for celebration. The midtempo jazz style soul of \\"As\\" is one of Stevie's most melodically complicated numbers,a personel favorite of mine and many and \\"Another Star\\" is a full band,uptempo latin funk celebration of love in all it's forms.<br /><br />  \\"Saturn\\",originally meant to refer to Stevie's home of Sagginaw is a dynamic midtempo ballad about the idea of an escape to ones private heaven whereas \\"Ebony Eyes\\",a jaunty and funky piano-soul tune celebrating a sort of school yard crush deals with a more worldly interest. On \\"All Day Sucker\\" Stevie again delivers a stuttering funk,with synths that sound a lot like turntable scratching in a proto hip-hop sense dealing with the preception of one as a sexual object. The instrumental \\"Easy Goin' Evening\\" is...well sort of a throwaway but again LOOK WHAT IT'S PART OF. It's sort of a cool down to this musicaly workout. From this point up to today Stevie Wonder's musical output slowed significantly-from an album a year to between five and even ten years sometimes between releases. And it's easy enough to see why. Here Stevie committed so many different lyrical,musical,meloldic and plain sound ideas onto his pallet that this could've actually served as his final album ever and he's still be a legend by the 80's. This album and many of these songs seperately have since become modern day standards. And even though MJ's [[ASIN:B00005QGAZ Thriller]] had higher sales figures this album achieved it's success,unlike that one not by premotion but rather by how it's related so heavily the listener-appealing to how our differences in love,life and consciousness made us what we are as people. And honestly that's why I believe this will become a work of art and classic the more it ages with time.theme of musical as unifying force in Swahili,Spanish and English. It's in keeping with Stevie's concept of peoples differences being a cause for celebration. The midtempo jazz style soul of \\"As\\" is one of Stevie's most melodically complicated numbers,a personel favorite of mine and many and \\"Another Star\\" is a full band,uptempo latin funk celebration of love in all it's forms.                                      \\"Saturn\\",originally meant to refer to Stevie's home of Sagginaw is a dynamic midtempo ballad about the idea of an escape to ones private heaven whereas \\"Ebony Eyes\\",a jaunty and funky piano-soul tune celebrating a sort of school yard crush deals with a more worldly interest. On \\"All Day Sucker\\" Stevie again delivers a stuttering funk,with synths that sound a lot like turntable scratching in a proto hip-hop sense dealing with the preception of one as a sexual object. The instrumental \\"Easy Goin' Evening\\" is...well sort of a throwaway but again LOOK WHAT IT'S PART OF. It's sort of a cool down to this musicaly workout. From this point up to today Stevie Wonder's musical output slowed significantly-from an album a year to between five and even ten years sometimes between releases. And it's easy enough to see why. Here Stevie committed so many different lyrical,musical,meloldic and plain sound ideas onto his pallet that this could've actually served as his final album ever and he's still be a legend by the 80's. This album and many of these songs seperately have since become modern day standards. And even though MJ's [[ASIN:B00005QGAZ Thriller]] had higher sales figures this album achieved it's success,unlike that one not by premotion but rather by how it's related so heavily the listener-appealing to how our differences in love,life and consciousness made us what we are as people. And honestly that's why I believe this will become a work of art and classic the more it ages with time.
0765328321|5.0|I have not been able to put this book down.  The story is very well written and answers much about where Master Chief came from and who he is.  I also appreciate the technical details that are included.  Highly recommended, especially if you enjoy the video game stories.
B001POX73C|3.0|This is a good book, don't get me wrong. But I was expecting a romance novel and to me it really isn't.... not much  romance in it except for maybe the last 3 sentences. It is a long twisted story of at least 3 couples. Although it proved interesting it also bored me in parts ( I even had to skip). It's not bad but if your looking for a fun romantic book this is probably not it. If you are looking for a very charged plot book not much romance but fun characters this is your book.
B000009ED0|1.0|After all these years I can't believe this garbage is STILL selling well!What is wrong with yous people?!I'd rather listen to a homeless man scratch the bottom of his ball bag than this trash.CMON NOW
0070511136|4.0|The first thing you have to realize about \\"SPIN Selling\\" by Neil Rackham is that it's a book for selling to large accounts, written before anybody else was writing books about selling to large accounts.  Yes Virginia, selling to large accounts is different than selling to smaller ones.  To begin with, you cannot close the sale in one day, as a result opening the discussion by trying to closing technique is counterproductive.      Besides, in major sales, the salespeople usually are not in the room when most of the important decisions are made.  It's the salesperson's contact who needs to sell within her organization.  It's the job of the salesperson to arm his contact with enough information to make her an effective influencer.      Like any good book on sales, Rackham has methodology, in this case a four step questioning process.  In fact, the book gets its name from the four types of questions asked: Situational, Problem, Implication and Need Payoff.  Rackham says the key to sales is understanding where you are in the sales cycle - he identifies The Preliminaries, Investigating, Demonstrating Capability and Obtaining Commitment - and only to asking the kinds of questions that get you to the next level because sales in large accounts follow a specific sequence over a long timeline.     SPIN Selling process    Situational questions set the context for asking Problem questions that reveal implied needs, like the desire for a more accurate billing system.  Asking Implication questions about how many ways a more accurate would help the end-user's company lead to Need-Payoff questions, which help the buyer focus on solutions and benefits.      Speaking of benefits, Rackham notes that benefits come in two varieties: those that can help any customer and those that address your customer's express need. He differentiates the two types of \\"benefits\\" by calling the former an Advantage and the latter is a real Benefit.  Advantages help close small sales, while Benefits, whichaddress explicit buyers needs, help land big deals.     Yes, the book is dated.  Written 1988, it doesn't take into account that your customers already know a fair amount about your product from the Web.  At least somewhere in the questioning process, you have to determine how much your customer already knows about your product, if only to dispel mistaken assumptions. Additionally, while the book is very strong on tactics, it mistakenly assume you will only sell to someone lower in the company's organization.  It does not provide tactics on how to use the SPIN method to move up the company's organizational ladder, trying to get closer to the person who decides what projects get funded.    All of that being said, nearly 25 years after the book was published it is still a foundational book on selling to large account sales.  While the information available to customers has changed, the process for moving a customer through the sales cycle has not.      When the book was released, readers found that its theories ran counter to conventional wisdom because it deemphasized closing techniques in large sales.  At the time, most sales books focused on closing.  Actually, most sales training focused on closing because, as Rackham points out, closing used to be the one place in the sales cycle that had an understandable and quantifiable result.      But Rackham's studies show that trying to close too early alienates professional buyers, the very person who is almost certainly on the other end of the sales call at a large account.  Instead, the SPIN method relies on asking questions to tease out problems and help the client understand how the seller's solution can tip the value equation to the buy side of the ledger.      The foundation of  the book is rests on research conducted by Huthwaite corporation's 12-year $1 million research project into sales effectiveness, not just one excellent salesperson's career experience  This means the results of the book can be applied acrossa wide spectrum of businesses and industries, making a great starting point for learning about major account sales.    Now on the other hand, if you want to read anything about closing the quick sale, let me point you to either Tom Hopkins or  Zig Ziglar.
B0021L8V0M|1.0|You'll like this movie if you enjoy:    o hyper-violence  o stilted acting  o hole-filled plot  o gaping void ending
0312430000|4.0|I jumped on this book as soon as I saw that Malcom Gladwell was endorsing it. I love everyhting he writes. Gawande is no Gladwell for sure, but the book had its moments. The stories about how lists are used in avaition and finance were fascinating, insightful and thought provoking. His call to action for lists to be more broadly used and embraced was logical laid out but luke warm in terms making a truly passionte, striking argument. Unfortunately for me, after the first example of how lists are used and needed in healhtcare, the other medical examples were rather boring.   In fairness, for no reason other than personal preference, the medical field and surgery in particular does not really interest me. So some of the stories seemed long a drawn out to me. I was however engrossed with the stories about finance, aviation and soap in third world countries. This is a quick and easy read and well worth the hour and half it will take for you to get through it.
0312330871|3.0|And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie is a story that uses an old nursery rhyme that regards ten little Indian boys as a ploy of murder. With this said, the plot is easily foreshadowed, ridding of any element of surprise for method of death, yet the play also has a sense of suspense with who is behind the murder of the ten visitors of Devon Island.<br /> One of the negative aspects of the play is that there is no character development. The author does not include a lot of details or characterization, and due to this, the plot becomes slightly confusing in regards to which characters the author is referring to. Personally, I had to turn pages back in order to clarify which character had died.<br /> Some parts of the novel that you might find more favorable are that the novel includes a murder mystery and that it is an easy read with action. You can relax on a couch and read it within a few hours.<br /> Overall though, I do not recommend this book unless you are looking to kill time. There is no depth to the novel, and the only part of the book that I enjoyed was the manuscript document included at the end revealing the murderer.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|This is a great product for your field gear or bug out bag the rod allows you to easily touch up serrated blades and the coarse and fine notches keep the main blade happy. I have a piece of paracord on mine and have it tucked right in the pouch on my Ontario RD-4. Lightning fast shipment too!
B004TTMYQG|5.0|This is the best calendar app for the Android. This is the stock calendar that should be on all Android phones.
0330449605|5.0|I read this book months ago and still think about it. It is the kind of story that creeps into your dreams and daily thoughts while reading it. Loved it. Everyone I've recommended it to has continued the recommendation to others  after they finish it. You will not want to put it down.
B0047Y0FGY|3.0|I love Tina Fey on TV.  I assumed that the book would be awesome considering she was such a talented SNL writer, a great actress and had a humble blue collar upbringing.  I was wrong.  The book seems like it was written with 60% effort, or there is the possibilty she is over-hyped, which I don't want to beleive. She goes out of her way, way too much, to point out the fact that she likes gay's and has many gay friends.  It's like okay, great, you like gay's, enjoy their company and have many gay friends, great, let's move on - but no - she brings it up all of the time.  If someone is your friend, and they happen to be gay, is it really that important to remind the audience every five minutes?  The other thing that bothered me was she makes fun of herself way too much, she obviously has a poor self esteem and the reader is constantly made aware of this on every page of the book.  Tina! You are talented and attractive, dig a little deeper and try again, only next time give it 100%.  And your dad was correct, I was turned off by the cover because it is disturbing in a gross way.
0812550706|5.0|Now let me start off by saying I am not a book enthusiast. I am however a lover of literature and the stylistic devices  and techniques used. I can honestly say that I have never read a book for pure pleasure. This book as well was part of an assignment.  That being said, I have never experienced a book that has done what this book has to me. Literally from the first ten pages  I was hooked, I cannot honestly think of a part of the book where I really just did not care for what was going on. Each  character, from the brilliant, tactical, easily manipulated but respectful Ender, to even unimportant characters like the  dad who was served to prove Peter's plan's influence by being just an ordinary everyday man, each character has their own  feel and pull. Obviously the plot is a bit far-fetched, 6 year olds playing war games, pre-teens influencing entire world order  but that is what makes it so brilliant. The absurdity adds to the charm, and the fluidity of the story, rarely slowing or  lagging in any one aspect of the story, made it all come together seamlessly.While some try to create emmersion by describing every detail  and placing each piece in an exact spot in their descriptions, Orson Scott's book just kept moving. Often times i would picture  the battleroom one way, then completely change what I thought it was. But I loved it. I recommend this book to anyone with  a fair amount of imagination and even a tiny interest in the sci-fi genre. This book has single-handedly made me reconsider  my position on reading as a whole.
0240815807|5.0|In order to mix, make sure your mixing tools are up for the task. The beginning chapters of this book go into detail about monitor choices, room layout, and other key issues that none of my other mixing books really talk about. Before you start dropping a lot of cash into your home studio it's a good idea to really think about these things. Pick up a copy of Mixing Audio by Izhaki and you will be on the right path to understanding how to mix music.
1582701709|5.0|I bought this book a few years ago and after I finished reading it, I gave it to my sister.  I wanted to read the book again and bought myself the book again.  I thought this would be a great gift and bought it for my mom and three of my friends.  They all loved the book.  We talk about the book all the time and because of what we have learned, remind each other to stay positive by saying \\"remember The Secret\\". This book is great and the Secret really does work!
B0036EH3U2|5.0|I received BSG The Complete Series on Blu-Ray this morning and checked my discs because there was confusion in the other comments on whether the \\"Razor\\" and \\"Plan\\" episodes are included. They are both included (\\"Razor\\" in \\"Season 4\\" box).  However, my set contained TWO copies of Season 3 and NO copies of Season 2. I have to return it at UPS and wait for another set.
0395389496|5.0|A real gem of a book - a must have in any child's collection - delightful and to be enjoyed for years to come.  I am so glad I was able to find this book with Amazon.com - GREAT.  I wish it had been available in the UK so I would have got it sooner !!!!!
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Game is decent on moto xoom, graphics are not in HD but I'm more into game play than graphics. This version appears to be missing the challenges in the IOS version, which is a big miss as the the majority of the replay value for PvZ is Endless Zombies. Am I missing something or has anyone else been able to unlock any challenges?
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Watching this in HD brings a whole other level of enjoyment. Great buy! The first copy was lost in the mail, so they sent out another one free of charge.
0316789720|5.0|Perfect for 5-10 year old children.  more advanced than a coloring book, yet easy enough for them to follow and create things they could not otherwise.  give them the book a thing of chalk and a sidewalk and it is a great springtime/summertime project for them to work on, give them crayons/markers and some paper and it is a great foul weather indoor project as well.
B003BKF696|2.0|When I ordered this item I knew it was used. When I order from Amazon I usually have trusted the used items by their percentages. This album was rated at a 98%. But when I received the album in the mail, I took it out of the packaging only to find that the seller had bought the album or stole the from the Phoenix Public Library. What I saw was a CD case that had a slip of paper for a cover with a very grainy picture of the album art. The library codes and text that had been printed on it when it sat on the shelf in Phoenix were scribbled out with a sharpie! A very poor presentation. The inside of the case was also of very poor quality. It was very similar to a DVD case, there was a button in the middle to release the CD. But this button was the only thing holding the CD in place, leaving it very loose. And in transit, the package was being thrown from mail box to truck to truck to truck, allowing the CD to wobble all over the place. The CD itself has a few scratches on it, and still has library stickers on it. In my opinion, a CD from a library with a printed cover should not have a 98% rating. I paid $10.19 for this album. I would never have paid this much if I had seen it on a shelf. I would probably paid at most $4.99. This was an item of low quality, not 98%.
0762434279|5.0|It is the most valuable book I ever purchased in my life. It worth hundreds of dollars! REALLY.  It opens a new world in front of your eyes. THANKS ROBERT :x
B0029QRA1U|5.0|Just so you know, I'm no audiophile, and I've little experience with vinyl; I just wanted a nice-looking turntable to play the records I have with minimal fuss.  This turntable absolutely lives up to that.  It's a gorgeous unit, and operation couldn't be simpler.  I haven't used any of the software (or hooked it up to a PC at all, for that matter), so I can't speak to that.  But if you're looking for a simple, minimal turntable, this absolutely fills the bill.<br /><br />I love that there's no \\"start/stop\\" button -- you just pick up the tone arm, and the turntable starts.
B000VWYNNW|5.0|Being a Led Zeppelin freak and having owned this on big black CDs as well(LPs) i was thrilled with the cd. They are in excellent condition and the sound is awesome. I prefer Zeppelin live so am seriously fussy but this didn't disappoint.Of course it has more songs than the movie which is also a bonus but Zepp fans know that anyway.Now all i need is to find it on 8 track and i will have it on LP, CD, TAPE,VIDEO And DVD.
B004856SQ8|4.0|If you grew up in the 80's you already know about the A-Team.  This movie does the original A-team justice.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|This game is fun, but the app uses way too much memory.  Upon completing the adventure, the game tried to load the zombie music video and basically froze my phone.  Had to clear all data in the game to make things right.  Got it during the free offer, so NBD, but will probably uninstall it.  It's not worth slowing down my phone for a repetitive game.
B004LUHQ1G|3.0|I think the Foo Fighters are a great band. Ever since \\"There Is Nothing Left To Lose,\\" I feel like the Foos are under-performing. That being said, there's a lot to like about this album. The guitars kick ass, Butch Vig produced the hell out of it, and Smear returning to the fold has made a noticeable difference.    I do a bi-weekly podcast and our last episode focused on this album (we included samples and contrasted \\"Rope\\" with \\"Floaty\\" from the first record) and how much the Foos rock live. It's on itunes (podcast section) under Volume 4 Radio.
0345522478|4.0|Celtic mythology meets modern day in this first book involving Atticus, the only Druid still alive. Years ago during a war, a magical sword that can slice through any armor flew out of the owner's hands and landed at Atticus' feet. Believing the sword had given the former owner a swelled head which began the war, Atticus takes it and runs, and continued to run or stay hidden for centuries. He's lived the last ten years in Tempe AZ, living quietly and using his herb lore to grow and sell herbs that he sells for teas in his occult book shop.<br /><br />But the Tuatha D&eacute; Danann, many who are worshiped as Celtic gods, has found him, and Aenghus &Oacute;g wants the sword. It becomes obvious that everyone has their own agenda and he doesn't know who to trust. This world involves all of the mythological pantheons, werewolves, vampires, witches and the sidhe.<br /><br />From the very beginning I liked the voice of Atticus as he explains to us what he's doing and why, and I love his descriptions. He's intelligent and has a lot of experience dealing with negotiations and traps when speaking with each of the different character types. He comes across as laid back and his magic is Earth based and more subtle than the flashy magic seen with Harry Dresden. But don't push him into a corner or threaten him. Most of his fighting is done with his body or his sword.<br /><br />One of the characters that bring a lot of lightheartedness to the story is Oberon, Atticus' dog. Atticus used his magic to teach the dog to speak to him telepathically in complete sentences. We've got one very loyal dog, who well, thinks like a dog. He adds a lot of humor and is a friend and asset to Atticus.<br /><br />The writing just grabbed me from the first page. This is definitely an author to be watching.<br /><br />Reviewed for Library Thing
B000BVMAJ2|5.0|My granddaughter just loved the animals in this \\"Zoo\\" kit! She loves playing with Legos as she has just turned 3.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|Great movie. I haven't seen a Liam Neeson movie I haven't liked, and this one is no exception. Been trying to figure out an actor that would be a good Jack Reacher whenever Lee Child's books are finally made into movies. Think Liam Neeson may be a good choice...
0307405095|4.0|If you are looking for some pie innovation then this cookbook is for you.<br /><br />There are over 100 pie recipes with full page photos of the finished pie.<br /><br />It would be nice to illustrate the steps in constructing the pies, but these are only in text. So if you are looking for a step by step pie recipe with illustrations, forget it.<br /><br />I bake one to two pies a week and these pies are not easy-to-assemble as the author wants you to believe. If you want your pie to turn out as printed, it will take time and much patience. You will need kitchen tools that are not common for the home cook.<br /><br />The ideas you will get from the book are well worth the price for it. I compete with my pies, and this book gave me some good ideas.
0307455874|1.0|This is the worst book I've read in a long time.  Seriously, it such a load of crap that I was barely able to finish it.  The best thing I can say about it is that at least I didn't actually spend my money on it. It was given to me as a gift.  I'm going to get rid of it as soon as possible.  It's not fit for another person to read so I'll probably use it to light a camp fire with or something.  I recommend pretty much ANY book over this garbage!
B0028IDXDS|5.0|So, when I was pregnant I bought a million baby 'must haves' that I thought were cool or would make my life easier. This is in the top 3. My son was born with a cleft lip/palate.. but he LOVES to suck. Unfortunately, with the cleft he isn't able to latch on normally, so the \\"spitting out the paci\\" is constant with him. I decided to try one of these as a last resort after many many sleepless nights. It took him a day or two to catch on, but now he loves it more than anything. It is his \\"lovie\\" and he squeezes it while he falls asleep, and holds onto it or rests his head on it after he falls asleep. It is truly a great idea & I recommended it to a friend who also loves it.     The only \\"CONS\\" would be ..They make it sound like a beanie baby style toy, or \\"bean filled\\" .. so I expected something heavier. It is very literally just a small plush toy, there really isn't any extra weight to it. So it can still be spit out (thats the point of course) but I think they could add a little bit more weight to help it stay where it's wanted without jeapordizing safety. Also, its been said a million times.. thankfully my little guy only takes Soothies, but for the babies that like a different shape of Paci, what gives? + The cleaning issue, which isn't really an issue, toss it in the wash, then air dry. Just wash the nipple in dish soap and rinse thoroughly.    I didn't realize how much I loved it until I couldn't find it yesterday.. I was in a panic! It is a good investment, although pricey for what it is. I just ordered my second one. (A frog this time!) .. so it has obviously won me over in all it's simplicity. ;)
B003U9TDII|5.0|As I watched the movie \\"Inception\\" I became mesmorized by the music.I knew I had to have the soundtrack. I swear I go into a trance everytime I listen to it. I downloaded it to my Kindle so I can listen to it while I read. I LOVE THIS MUSIC! Hans Zimmer is a genius.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This is one of the most fun tower defense type games ever made. The game play is simple and gradually builds in difficulty til it gets quite frantic in the last stage. The quick play games are fun as well. I would gladly pay $10.00 for a game of this quality.
0316069353|4.0|\\"The Fifth Witness\\" is a courtroom drama/thriller/murder mystery.  It is the third entry in the new mightily successful \\"Lincoln Lawyer\\" series by acclaimed American crime novelist Michael Connelly, who is also author of the best-selling detective Harry Bosch series of police procedurals. Both series are set in Los Angeles, California, and look at life on the \\"noir\\" -darker--side of that city.  Connelly is a former journalist, a crime beat writer for the Los Angeles Times, who certainly earned his spurs in murder while earning his daily bread.<br /><br />The Lincoln Lawyer novels center around criminal defense counsel Mickey Haller, whom devoted Connelly readers will know has actually been found to be a half-brother to Bosch: they were fathered by the same man, himself an outstanding LA defense counsel.  Mickey prefers to avoid the expense of maintaining a fixed office, as he finds it most efficient to work in the back seat of his Lincoln Town Car, while one of his former clients, unable to pay his bill, drives. If Mickey thought to see his criminal defense business grow during the recent economic downturn that hit LA, and the State of California, as hard as it hit anywhere else, he was mistaken: apparently, even people who need his help to keep themselves out of jail now have to watch their pennies.  In fact, the most significant part of Mickey's business now is not about helping to keep clients out of jail but about helping clients to keep a roof over their heads.  Because with bad times, foreclosures have boomed, and thousands of people who were granted unrealistic mortgages in the good times now face harrowing procedures. Lisa Trammel had been a client of Mickey's for eight months - his very first foreclosure case, in fact - and although so far he'd stopped the bank from taking her house, the sense of injustice, and the stress, are beginning to take their toll on his client.  The bank, in fact, had recently got a restraining order to prevent her protesting against their possibly fraudulent practices. However,  the bank's CEO, Mitchell Bondurant, has just been found murdered in the bank's parking garage, and Lisa is about to be indicted. Of course, in a way, it's good news for Mickey, as it's back to what he does best, and finds most satisfying: defending a client in a big, big murder case.  But it sure won't be that simple.<br /><br />The book at hand has the author's usual excellent narrative and descriptive writing, and snappy dialogue, and is informed by Connelly's deep, accurate knowledge of police work, after several years' experience as a reporter on the cop shop beat. It is written with great knowledge of, and love for, Los Angeles; the author's adopted home town: you could pretty much use his works instead of a road map.  We also might notice that, in this book, Connelly is pulling one of his favorite ploys, as he used to do in his earlier books, by matter-of-factly mentioning another of his works.  Here, he finds a sneaky way to mention his series police detective Hieronymus Bosch in another context.  I also wondered, hmm: client Lisa Trammel.  Psychotic, stone cold killer Catherine Tramell in the 1990's film [[ASIN:078401020X Basic Instinct]].  Just a coincidence?<br /><br />Connelly certainly had me going for the longest time, gulping down the book as quickly as I was able, as he did what he does so well.  But I was disappointed in his ending.  The testimony of the defense's fifth witness, the title character if you will, barely registered.  The ending also flew in the face of the supposed coroner's findings on the victim, which we'd been told over and over in the book.  Furthermore, the ending seemed to echo the ending of a previous novel in this series.<br /><br />However, I continue to consider Connelly to be a wonderful writer, my favorite among American mystery authors.  I've stood on quite a few long lines, on both coasts, to get his books autographed, including this very one, at the most recent Los Angeles Times Book Fair.  Given the chance, I probably will again.  I have read all his books save THE SCARECROW, and the penultimate entry in the Lincoln Lawyer series, THE REVERSAL.  There can be no question, of course, that the film [[ASIN:B004EPYZP8 The Lincoln Lawyer]] has greatly increased the pool of Connelly's avid readers.  But even before this film, his recent standalones, and series books, SCARECROW, BRASS VERDICT, and THE LINCOLN LAWYER, were all #1 New York Times Bestsellers, as was CRIME BEAT: A DECADE OF COVERING COPS AND KILLERS, his collected non-fiction journalism.  Will I give him another shot?  You bet.n the chance, I probably will again.  I have read all his books save THE SCARECROW, and the penultimate entry in the Lincoln Lawyer series, THE REVERSAL.  There can be no question, of course, that the film [[ASIN:B004EPYZP8 The Lincoln Lawyer]] has greatly increased the pool of Connelly's avid readers.  But even before this film, his recent standalones, and series books, SCARECROW, BRASS VERDICT, and THE LINCOLN LAWYER, were all #1 New York Times Bestsellers, as was CRIME BEAT: A DECADE OF COVERING COPS AND KILLERS, his collected non-fiction journalism.  Will I give him another shot?  You bet.
B004QO9WVO|5.0|This is a great edition of the Doyle classic. The Kindle book is formatted very nicely, with an active Table of Contents. Very easy to read.    The audiobook download is an awesome bonus! It's a VERY well-done audio edition. Easy download process, no hassle. Very nice package.
B001UV4XHY|4.0|I wish this film was released with any sort of extra features (on DVD). It'll probably be some big bundled thing when 7.2 comes out. Delivery was good, on time, careful packaging. I just wish there were more on the disc.
B001A3AA0G|5.0|This album is fantastic. What a beautiful album. I have recommended it to all of my friends.  I stumbled upon Fleet Foxes after hearing the intoxicating single featured in the movie \\"Jack Goes Boating\\", and I am SO glad I did.  It struck a chord, and so has this album.  Buy it, it will linger in your hearts. &lt;3
0440246008|5.0|This is the 10th book in the Jack Reacher Series.  I enjoy reading books of this type that have a character which whom you are familiar. These books are very fast reads and take place in the different towns/cites within the United States. Jack Reacher is a retired Army Major who was an MP in a special investigative unit. He has no job and travels from town to town finding trouble and helping solve crimes that he is drawn into.  There is one book titled [[ASIN:0440423007 The Enemy: A Reacher Novel]] that goes back into he past when Reacher was actually in the Army.      I have been reading the books in order and have purchased all of them.  I am reading book number 11 at this time.  I believe there are 15 books in this series and if I remember correctly there is another in this series coming our later this year.   I also enjoy reading Mitch Rapp and Scott Harvath character books, both which have a character that you can follow like a movie series.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This is the epitome of satisfaction at a great price.  you could almost spend this much on one of those boy scout whet stones, and be left sharpening for hours when this thing gets it done with a few strokes, literally.  Having both ceramic and carbide is fantastic, and it seems like both can take SERIOUS abuse before showing signs of wear.  the unit itself is so small and lightweight that it's a no-brainer to pack for any length of trip.  it has an eyehole for securing with string to something.  very handy.  It even features a small kitchen-knife-style sharpener stick that folds out from the unit like a pocket knife.  i use this as a handle when sharpening because sometimes it can seem too small and slip out of sweaty fingers.  one note: be sure to keep the knife at a perfectly perpendicular angle when sharpening in the carbide and ceramic knotches, bwecause if you don't you'll wear down the sharpener in a bad way and not to mention really screw up your blade by unbalancing the edge.
B00001U0DP|3.0|Not what i expected, it seemed more of a comedy, i know he was doing it for his child sake for him not to be frighten but for me,i'm affraid its not my cup of tea. Schindler's List is my top preference
B00428CPUY|2.0|While I appreciate some of the more comprehensive reviews of this DVD, the essential facts are these:     1. excellent sound quality  2. exceptional, primarily blues performances  3. TERRIBLE CAMERA WORK/EDITING - No guitar fan wants to see a shot of the crowd or the back of the drummer's head during a SOLO!     In a nutshell, buy it for the sound, not the video.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is arguably one of the best rock CD's ever made. Every song on it is first rate and either was a hit or should have been a hit. Great CD and great classic album for the rock ages!
0307887960|2.0|You will lose the weight, but this diet will make you look old. I tried it last year. I thought it was very effective, as the extra pounds seemed to melt away. However, I did notice that my skin started to drastically thin out. This was odd. Most of my friends who have done the Dunkan have reported the same, no matter how old they were and regardless of their gender. This is our most common complaint regarding the Dunkan diet. We all lost fat around our temples, and have lots of sagging and wrinkles around our eyes. I am not sure there is a scientific explanation for this phenomenon, or if it is the kind of side effect usually associated with no-carb diets. This ought to be explored. To conclude, this diet, if you follow it strictly, will melt your extra pounds, but will make you look much older than you really are.
B001TKK3ES|5.0|I decided to write a bit about the vinyl edition of this masterpiece. Much of the info regarding the musical content has been described in the previous CD or MP3 reviews so I will keep this part light. Yeti is a fantastic listen... sprawling, meandering, intense... it is the kind of record that takes you on a audio journey, similar to Can's Future days in that regard. The two records break up the content very nicely... for this type of recording, the vinyl really shines and makes all the difference... Record one is contains the \\"compositions\\"... it is more \\"song\\" orientated and features more songs with lyrics.... great stuff. Record two is the \\"improvisations\\" sides.... awe-inspiring jams that are simply breathtaking.  Amon Duul II recorded and edited this with the vinyl format in mind and it is, in my opinion, the way to experience it.   Revisited did a nice job with the packaging... the cover printing is clear and correct looking. It is a great reissue that has new liner notes about the recording, etc... a nice touch. My only gripe about this reissue is the way in which the notes were handled. On the original LP, the images/collages were the visual counterpart to the music on the discs... they are great images, but they are now hidden behind the writings.... obscured. An insert containing the new liner notes would have been a better choice here... keep the artwork clean and visible while delivering the content elsewhere. Amon Duul II was the radiohead of their day, constructing the music and visual packaging as part of a complete piece of art. The treatment of the notes distracts a bit from this experience. I am glad they were included... I just wish it was done with more sensitivity.  That being said, I love this record. The original versions go for $80+ which is simply out of my price range. I pre-ordered this as soon as I heard about it and am very satisfied with it. It sounds amazing. The discs themselves are black 140 gram vinyl that were remastered by the band at an unspecified date. The music is clear and loud with no distortion or noise between tracks. Quality sound all around.   If you are thinking of picking this up... stop thinking and do it. For $24, this is a steal.  You will not be disappointed. Prepare for Yetification.
078062582X|4.0|It is hard to make a movie that would be as funny as the book.  And they didn't.  Demi tries but the other strippers have better stripper bodies.  Burt Reynolds gets the most laughs.  Lots of laughs and the movie is worth watching.
B004UJN1XA|5.0|Perfect combination of British and American humour.  Absolutely one of the best comedies I have ever seen.  I haven't watched the remake (which they started on only 2 years after the release of the original) and I don't plan to.  Give this film a try.
B000X9NI5W|5.0|Phenomenal is the word that comes to mind when listening to Untrue but i don't know that the genre of music is dubpstep. I was turned on to Burial by an eccentric club set in Ft. Lauderdale, FL -[where he's known as a house-electronic-indie musician]. Either way - its spanktacular music!
B004SB60OC|5.0|Jar of Hearts got me to buy this CD, but the music here is so much more than Jar of Hearts. The other selections took a second pass to really get under my skin, and now I listen to the CD start to finish. I have given this CD as a gift to one person and reccommended it to a couple of other people. When new material is released by Ms Perri I will buy it without first hearing it because I believe it will be good.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|I run this with an ASUS P8P67 PRO motherboard and a Radeon HD 6970 graphics card. I can run Crysis 2 with the highest graphics settings without even overclocking it, no problem.  Overclocked, this thing surpasses Intel's $1000 i7 990x.  This thing is simply a beast. However, you might want to have an advanced cooling system (like liquid cooling or a high-rpm fan) if you overclock it much.
0316098329|3.0|I'm surprised to see how divided the reviews are of this book. I listened to the audio version of this book, and I think this really contributed to why I had such a positive experience.     For those that actually read the book, I can see how annoying the point of view of a 5 year old could probably get after a few chapters. In the audio version, the actor who plays Jack (Mical Friedman) is absolutely amazing. I think actually hearning the child's voice, rather than reading the musings of a child really bring this story to life, and keep it interesting.     Other reviews recapped the novel, so I'll skip a summary and jump right into my comments. I do not think this book was perfect, I do not think the narration from the point of view of a child was flawless, but there was something about this book that really struck me. For the first five years of his life, Jack has never been outside of the 11x11 room, he has never seen the outside. He has never seen another human being besides his Ma, Old Nick and characters on tv. So there is a sweet innocence and naivete in Jack's perceptions of the world. I agree with other reviewers who could not believe that Ma was willing to put Jack into such danger in order to try to escape. Astounding? Yes. Unfathomable? No. Here is a woman who we come to learn has been held a prisoner in this shed for seven years. Jack's rescue mission was their only chance to escape, to survive.     Was the escape scene a little contrived? Yes. But was I still holding my breath and biting my nails, stifling the urge to yell \\"Speak, Jack. Speak!!\\" Yes! I couldnt help it. I wanted Jack to be the superhero, to save himself and his Ma. Even though it wasnt the absolute-most-realistic escape scene, it was still well-written and had me on the edge of my seat.     A lot of reviewers also commented on Jack's character post-escape. I thought Jack's entry into the real-world was done excellently. Yes, Jack started making grammatical mistakes when speaking that sounded more like a 3 year old than a 5 year old, but this made sense to me. It is completely normal for children who experience trauma to regress - and hasnt Jack experienced enough life-shattered events: life in Room for starters - sleeping in the wardrobe, hearing Ma repeatedly raped; then learning the life he knew wasnt exactly true life; the escape; the while process of acclimating to reality: seeing the world, meeting people etc. I would have found it stranger for Donaghue to ignore all of this trauma and have Jack go on to lead a normal life.     All in all, I thought this book was fantastic and a great psychological thriller. It would make an excellent movie!
B004ZZITEU|5.0|Let me start by saying that I've been a faithful Morbid Angel fan for at least 15 years and I own all of their albums.  The last album, Heretic (2003, Earache), seemed safe, a little boring and had a horribly dry production.  Trey has mentioned many times in the past that he very much enjoys hardcore techno, industrial and IDM, and that he wanted to incorporate those influences into his work.  For Trey and Co. to sit back and write another Heretic style album would be very disappointing.  They fortunately did the complete opposite.  They wrote an album that is bold, unique and daring.  It took a lot of guts to do this and to be true to themselves, not to the extreme metal community.  Trey actually pokes fun at this with the track entitled 'Too Extreme!'  He knows that expectations were high, but Illud Divinum Insanus is the album that they wanted to write and not necessarily the album that everyone wanted to hear.  As for the album itself, it might be their best produced ever.  The mixing of IDM and death metal never sounded better.  This is most prevelant on tracks like Too Extreme! and Destructo v. The Earth, which are the more daring tracks on the album (after multiple listens, I still find Radikult a little hard to swallow).  The rest are mostly killer death metal tracks that would sit nicely in a post Domination era David Vincent period, if it existed.  His voice has held up extremely well too.  I was very satisfied with Tim Yeung's drumming as well and he is a worthy sucsessor to Pete Sandoval's weighty shoes.  Overall, the album is extremely well written, fantastically produced, and represents the band as who they truly are in 2011.  Death metal purists might feel slighted but extreme metal fans with a hunger for something fresh and creative will rejoice.  Hailz Morbid Angel!!!
0451169514|4.0|The story is overall well written and this is SO much better than the movie. The words and scenes are chilling to the point where I was afraid to go to bed.    However, the story had many narratives that weren't really needed. I found I skipped over quite a bit to get to the parts I enjoyed. Overall though, a definite must-read!
B00007EDY5|4.0|I had this gizmo for almost ten years and has worked with all my canon cameras.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is due to the price
0312360266|5.0|I also got hooked on the House of Night series. I recommend reading this series. I've already pre-paid for the next one that will be released in November.
B0053R3J7G|4.0|This is a small model, but the 3 in 1 makes it fun because you can build three different houses. Model two has a wrap around 2nd floor balcony and is my 6 year olds favorite. The dog and the truck are cleverly designed. The outdoor fireplace and barbeque are a lot of fun as well. Lots of exterior and interior detail.<br /><br />Shop around, if you can find this kit for a good price, the 3 in 1 gives a lot of build time and playability.
B002ZG98FU|4.0|I really wasn't expecting to much going in, but this movie is actually pretty cute. *Spoilers ahead. Becky(Rachel McAdams) is a super go getter that gets the shaft from her current news gig and after much job searching lands another news job . She has her work cut out for her when she's set w/ the task of reworking the morning line up after she gives the male anchor the boot. Colleen Peck(Diane Keaton) is the co-anchor of the morning show + is psyched to jump into the wacky fluff pieces that Becky is using to turn the show around. Becky uses a loop hole in Mike Pomeroy(Harrison Ford)'s contract to force him into the empty co-anchor seat opposite Colleen. Mike being a seasoned + serious reporter fights Becky's fluff pieces at every turn. Things become more complicated when Jerry Barnes(Jeff Goldblum) tells Becky that the show will be cancelled unless it miraculously jumps in the ratings. Becky's personal life is also complicated by Adam Bennett(Patrick Wilson)who also works at the station. Becky + Adam's relationship is put to the test when her drop everything attitiude for work rears its head repeatedly. Put to the breaking point by Mike Pomeroy's continued refusal to do things her way, Becky leaves the station when offered the job she's always wanted. But Mike finally seeing the error of his ways does a fluff piece for Becky which woes her back to the station. In the end everything works out perfectly. This one will surprise you by actually being good. So give it a look see if your'e in the mood for a feel good type movie.
0634049011|5.0|This book is a big help in my playing, reviewing old stuff I already knew and giving me new material to help develop my playing.  Very nice resourse.
B004UXUSIM|5.0|Delightful!<br /><br />Owen Wilson plays a Hollywood screen writer about to marry definitely the wrong woman, shallow, richy, bitchy Rachel McAdams. On a last trip to Paris before the wedding to her and her intimidating rich family, he longs for the old days. He goes out at midnight and meets some amusing new friends he should know from the past.<br /><br />Shot on location in Montmartre, and various other Rive Gauche sets, really includes the beauty and magic of Paris at night in the Spring.<br /><br />This is the most satisfying Woody Allen movie of the last few years, he has made so many good movies and so many bad movies....What a clever idea for a movie!  A movie about the way I, for one, feel. It's very philosophical. I think people of a certain age are more likely to appreciate the ideas herein.<br /><br />has things in common with \\"Barneys Version\\"  plot-wise.
038572179X|4.0|We have all felt the burden of a guilty conscience; guilt burrows deep into our minds, threatening to never leave. This especially human emotion, along with many others, is captured in Ian McEwan's classic novel. Atonement is a tale of love, loss, and life itself set in a lush English country side then a war torn France and London in the WWII era. McEwan is a brilliant writer who clearly paints the novel's settings in his readers' minds, uses diverse narration, and doesn't shy away from delving very deep into the minds of the engrossing characters he has meticulously developed.            Robbie Turner is the intelligent yet low class Cambridge student who quickly discovers he has feelings towards Cecilia Tallis, the girl from a rich, well-to-do family which Robbie's mother is employed by. Perhaps the most memorable and scene-stealing character to live on the pages of this novel, however, is a thirteen year old play-write by the name of Briony Tallis. Her brilliantly wired mind continuously races from thought to thought, and she struggles to understand the world of the adults that surround her. McEwan's narration is refreshingly diverse, especially towards the begging of the novel when he switches from Robbie's infatuated state to Cecilia's stubborn character and finally strips away these facades to reveal a powerful romance and bring to life one of the greatest love stories to ever be told. A short but mesmerizing library scene in which Robbie and Cecilia first reveal their true feelings to one another, for example, goes a long way in establishing McEwan's ability as a writer. The tragedy sets in when Briony feels obligated to stop the relationship she sees to be unfit between her sister and Robbie. She quickly becomes convinced that Robbie is a \\"sex-maniac\\" and determinedly sets the course of his life into one of utter misery. Atonement is an infinitely better version of a Nicholas Sparks novel--its share of heartache is part of the story that is a classic.
B001DSNELA|5.0|I would give this movie 10 stars if I could, seriously. But since everyone else has already done that, I just wanted to chime in on some of the special features of the collector's edition. I haven't yet watched all the featurettes of the 3rd disc, but I did watch all of the deleted scenes and found them to be pretty meaty. You know how sometimes they are 30 seconds long and very unfinished? That's not the case here. There are 4 scenes, and each one is a complete scene or montage of scenes. All have audio and effects finished, and they involve some excellent acting. That said, however, I agree with the fact that they were cut, as the pacing is much better with them gone. It's up to you to decide if you want to spend the money to see them. The packaging itself is very nice too. Sturdy, classy, and includes some nice photos.
B004K4AVAG|5.0|And that compliment is coming from someone who labeled the album's first single, the title track `Born This Way', a complete failure and a horrid rip-off misstep by the controversial artist.  I still feel the same way about that song in particular, but after listening to this album as a whole I must say that there is so much AMAZING here it easily offsets the song or two (or three) that I think are terrible.  It's like Gaga is either completely brilliant or just plain awful.  Thankfully there are fourteen tracks on `Born This Way' and I only consider three of them to be terrible (or in that ballpark).<br /><br />You do the math.<br /><br />Consider the singles first.  First there was that awful `Born This Way', but I said all I have to say about that track on my review of the single.  Forget about that song.  Move onto the controversially brilliant `Judas', a song that attacks religious overbearance with fervor and an oddly singed eerie flare.  The bridge is flawless, and while the song has called comparisons to Gaga's own `Bad Romance', I see such originality and style oozing out of this track.  Still, `The Edge of Glory', which closes out the album, is still my favorite thing about the album.  I love everything about it.  The chorus is sharp and catchy; the verse structure is uplifting and fun and that saxiphone breakdown is just so richly original.  This is why Lady Gaga is relevant today!<br /><br />I know that `You and I' is not a `single' yet (or maybe it never will be), but I consider it as such thanks to Haley Reinhart's performance on American Idol.  I know that many `little monsters' are going to take issue with what I'm about to say, but Haley did a better job with this song (her smoky vocals added a bluesy country vibe to this song that recalled the great Julie Roberts).  Still, it's a GREAT song and Gaga delivers a different side to herself that gives her yet another layer.  I mean, the honky-tonk nature of this song is so far removed from the industrial power of `Judas' or the 80's throwback of `Born This Way'.<br /><br />You cannot deny Gaga her versatility, even if you once wanted to pigeonhole her.<br /><br />`Americano' is laced with Latin influence, and where I felt `Alejandro' failed to impress (I know, everyone else seems to love that song, including my wife), `Americano' is practically FLAWLESS.  It is high spirited, full of lush energy and just bursting at the seams with intoxication.  `Schei&szlig;e' is got such slick edge thanks to the German interlude that rides itself throughout the duration of the track.  The techno base is well used and the rave worthy musical arrangement never disappoints.  This is Gaga paying homage to the great Madonna without crossing over the line of near plagiarism and thus losing her relevance.  `Schei&szlig;e' gets it.  It's a song that will grow and grow on you, much like `Government Hooker' will.  This is another song that laces itself with a gritty edge (and that sadomasochistic male vocal is undeniable).  The political statement made is perfectly executed without being preachy but instead becomes a part of Gaga's style.<br /><br />`Marry the Night' and `Electric Chapel' are both songs that I enjoy, but the fall slightly away from the `brilliant' term I was tossing at the majority of the album.<br /><br />They just feel slightly monotone.<br /><br />I'm on the fence about `Bloody Mary' because it is so stagnant for most of the track and then about two and a half minutes in the song becomes kind of amazing.  I'm sure after another five-hundred listens I'll think it's the best song on the album.  The lyrical content alone is kind of flawless.<br /><br />My friends totally disagree with me about `Highway Unicorn' and `Heavy Metal Lover'.  I love them, they consider them weak offerings.  I don't understand that assessment.  `Highway Unicorn' alone is like one of the greatest things ever.  I love the nostalgic feel to the track and yet it feels so crisp and modern.  Sure, thechorus has a familiarity to it that kind of laughs in the face of `originality' but it doesn't matter.  It feels like 80's pop/rock personified.  `Heavy Metal Lover' is also an animal all its own.  It doesn't feel `heavy' at all, but far more industrial with hushed tones and a unique nature that makes it stand out as separate from the rest of the album.  It feels more like a piece of music than a song itself, if that makes sense (think Lords of Acid type techno).<br /><br />And while I consider `Born This Way' awful, it isn't as bad as `Hair' or `Bad Kids', which are just plain stupid.<br /><br />I hate stupid song.<br /><br />Oh well, no one album can be void of any missteps, and missteps be ignored because Gaga laughed in my judgmental face and proved to me that she was as relevant as she claims to be and as influentially important as the media likes to tote her as being.  She is a strange breed of artist that should not be as amazing as she is, but she is and this album will be remembered for years, decades maybe even longer as one of those `events' that took the world by storm.<br /><br />I'm calling it now; this puppy is going to land on quite a few Top Ten of the Decade lists come 2019.<br /><br />If you're interested; my ranking.<br /><br />1) The Edge of Glory<br />2) Schei&szlig;e<br />3) Americano<br />4) Government Hooker<br />5) Highway Unicorn (Road to Love)<br />6) Judas<br />7) Yo&uuml; And I<br />8) Heavy Metal Lover<br />9) Marry the Night<br />10) Electric Chapel<br />11) Bloody Mary<br />12) Born This Way<br />13) Hair<br />14) Bad Kidsut it doesn't matter.  It feels like 80's pop/rock personified.  `Heavy Metal Lover' is also an animal all its own.  It doesn't feel `heavy' at all, but far more industrial with hushed tones and a unique nature that makes it stand out as separate from the rest of the album.  It feels more like a piece of music than a song itself, if that makes sense (think Lords of Acid type techno).    And while I consider `Born This Way' awful, it isn't as bad as `Hair' or `Bad Kids', which are just plain stupid.    I hate stupid song.    Oh well, no one album can be void of any missteps, and missteps be ignored because Gaga laughed in my judgmental face and proved to me that she was as relevant as she claims to be and as influentially important as the media likes to tote her as being.  She is a strange breed of artist that should not be as amazing as she is, but she is and this album will be remembered for years, decades maybe even longer as one of those `events' that took the world by storm.    I'm calling it now; this puppy is going to land on quite a few Top Ten of the Decade lists come 2019.    If you're interested; my ranking.    1) The Edge of Glory  2) Scheiße  3) Americano  4) Government Hooker  5) Highway Unicorn (Road to Love)  6) Judas  7) Yoü And I  8) Heavy Metal Lover  9) Marry the Night  10) Electric Chapel  11) Bloody Mary  12) Born This Way  13) Hair  14) Bad Kids
B0017OB12O|5.0|I absolutely love this movie especially seeing the restored version.Thanks SONY Pictures and keep up the great job on those old classic films.Please bring more to Blu-ray.
B00133KFGW|5.0|August Rush started out slow, but picked up steam slowly and has become one of my all-time favorites. It was sweet, gentle, and not at all overwhelming. The movie showed courage, warmth and tenderness...loved it.
B003ZYU3T6|5.0|Kudos to Criterion for releasing this film and a great job to the restoration team.Audio and video quality are excellent.Highly recommended.Please bring City Lights and The Gold Rush to Blu-ray soon.
0132350882|1.0|Uncle Bob needs to stick to programming because he cannot write. Many of the chapters are not even written by Uncle Bob and as a result the book does not have a consistent voice. Many times while reading this book I thought, \\"Haven't I already read this chapter?!\\". Extremely repetitive and dry. It seemed to me that much of the advice in this book was based on nothing more but the author's personal preferences and were not backed by any solid justification or reason. eg Don't use comments.. etc
B004LQ0ELO|5.0|The Lost Symbol, by Dan Brown, author of The DaVinci Code, Doubleday, NY, 2009.    A surprising book if one has studied the occult and mysticism. Many references to the Rosicrucian Order, the Masons, , San Jose, AMORC, the Rosy Cross, Rosae Crucis, and more.    Apotheosis is the name of a painting of George.Washington in the Capitol Rotunda.  Apotheosis meaning changing from Man to God. \\"Elevation to divine status\\" from  Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, 11th ed., P. 59.  P. 272: The Folger Shakespeare Library house original Latin manuscript of Francis Bacon's New Atlantis, \\"...utopian vision on which the American forefathers had allegedly modeled a new world based on ancient knowledge.\\"   P. 290. A Bronze of George Washington in full Masonic regalia. In the Capitol building, nine levels bear names like the Grotto, the Crypt Room and the Knights Templar Chapel. Also over 20,000 volumes of Masonic writings. Small model of King Solomon's temple  throne room.  P. 291: CIA guilty of studying \\"Remote Viewing,\\" psychic abilities to transport mind's eye to any location and spy there.  P. 486 Mentions Ancient Mysteries, the Lost Word, the Secrets of the Ages. Albrecht Durer's Melencolia I--the image of the dejected Adept, failed efforts to unveil the mystical secrets of alchemy.  P. 490: Sir Francis Bacon, the luminary hired by King James to literally create the authorized King James Bible, cryptic, still studied today.  Bacon was a Rosicrucian, penned The Wisdom of the Ancients.  P. 497: Mentions Brumidi's The Apotheosis of Washington, huge painting, 1700s.  P. 498b: The science of Noetics, The science of Noetics may be new, but it's actually the oldest science on earth--the study of human thought. And we're learning that the ancients actually understood thought more profoundly than we do today. The Vedas describe the flow of mind energy. the Pistis Sophia describes universal consciousness. The Zohar explores the nature of Mind spirit. The Shamanic texts predict Einstein's 'remote influence' in terms of healing at a distance.  P. 499. The Bible encoded with scientific information....Read some of Newton's esoteric texts on the Bible....cryptic parables. 499b. Healing with the Pineal Gland during meditation. Regeneration. Rosicrucian teachings. Noetic.org. Laus Deo. Read this a year  ago, May 17, 2010. May 21, 2011. Purchased May, 2011. Eml: cbrad4334@aol.com  END
1416550550|5.0|This book is one of my favorite books ever. Perhaps it's just because I love gothic novels, perhaps it's because of Kate Morton's lovely writing style, perhaps it's because to me, it was like a \\"fairy tale for adults,\\" but whatever the reason(s), I loved this book! I also enjoyed how it went back and forth between past and present, and had bits of the fairy tale story interspersed throughout.<br /><br />In my opinion, if you are a fan of \\"gothic\\" novels, fairy tales, stories set in the UK, mysteries, romance, etc, than you will really enjoy this book.[[ASIN:1416550550 The Forgotten Garden: A Novel]]
B000VK7KVQ|5.0|This movie accurately depicts the efforts of the SFPD and many other police agencies went through during the lengthy investigation that, sadly, didn't end with the capture of the killer. To this day the killers identity remains unknown, however, this movie recognizes the efforts of a few key people (Robert Graysmith,Paul Allen,David Toschi, and many others.) Without them the investigation wouldn't have even gotten as far as it did.<br /><br />Though this movie might seem long it sure is worth the wait.<br /><br />If you are a fan of history chances are you will like this movie.<br /><br />Plus this movie is not expensive, I tracked a copy down in a local video store for $4 new.<br /><br />Happy hunting!
B00475AUWW|3.0|I got this book due to Amazon's recommendation.  The book is mostly about the author's battle with procrastination and his long, drawn out plan for dealing with it.  Along the way is thrown in his belief in most major religions, some minor religions and also Greek mythology and Angels.  The book is mostly aimed at authors, but it's message can be used by most other professions also.  It basically could have been summed up in one sentence - Get to work.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|The cinematography in this series is without peer!  The editing is very professional.  The themes of each disk syncs well with the photography and music.  Every feature on all the disks has worked exactly as they should.  This Blu-ray set would earn 6 stars if there were such a superlative catagory.
1416550550|5.0|I love books that take me away to another place and time.  The Forgotten Garden is just that....a trip back in time, fully developed characters, mystery, intrigue and a lovely old English garden.
B0034G4P80|2.0|It's hard to believe I watched the same movie everyone else did. The great mead swilling Norse God, warrior born and bred for what could have been a great movie had the grit been piled on by the ton. Instead what we get a film part X-Men (the opening fight was more danger room than anything else with characters acting more like inexperienced 20 somethings rather than gods) and part Love Story. Throw in the girl power performance of Portman, the near instant transformation of a God of War suddenly in touch with his soft and gooey side and enough over the top 'oooh shiny' and you've been delivered the latest in bland crowd pleasing hollywood bile.     Seriously it was like watching Superman Returns all over again. This film was just another case of Follow the Money Makers. Romance, a shallow plot and a green screen. Here's to hoping Captain America doesn't (completely) follow in this piece of garbage's footsteps...
B004SBS8LA|3.0|So Angry birds Rio is out today as an upgrade for the 4th Season.  When I attempt to upgrade it, it wants me to Pay .99 cents.  Does it cost to upgrade this app, or am I missing some step.    Thanks for answers
B001N44BVQ|4.0|Watched this the other day with American Gangster, another belter from Ridley Scott. I have to say I think Body of Lies is actually the better film.     Scott's films are becoming deeper, and more thoughtful, than a lot of his previous films. The beliefs expressed within this film seem to be the uselessness of acting like a Machiavelli, and that, ultimately, trust can do more good than harm.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I had a pair of Sony Mdr-V6 headphones for probably 15 years before they developed a short cutting out the right side of the headphones. I thought I'd try something different and ordered a pair of Sony high quality earbuds that received good ratings. Didn't compare to the MDR-V6 set I'd had so I returned them. Then bought a set of Sony Mdr-XB700. Great bass, but sacrificed the mids and highs and again didn't hold a candle to the old MDR-V6 pair I had. Was about to order the MDR-V6 when I came across the Professional Sony MDR-7506 and though I'd try them since all the reviews claim thats what many artists use in the studio. One word, WOW! This is what headphones should sound like. Great balanced sound. Able to handle significant bass without distortion and still have great mids and highs. Fantastic overall balanced sound and to my ears are a step better sounding than my great old MDR-V6. And at $85.00 they're a bargain!
B0034G4P7G|4.0|As a facebook user, I was a little worried about seeing this - how would they make a film about a website is one of the thoughts that sprung to mind.     But they have pulled it off, the social network is a great film with rapid fire dialogue - does he really talk that fast? And great performances to go with it.     Will facebook keep rising?     Interesting question - will it look hip once Zuckerberg starts looking like Bill Gates?     Time will tell.
B000B8QEZG|5.0|In China, 25 years old, I've listened to this album almost for 800 times in the past 5 years. I'm a big huge fan of great madonna. love her for almost 11 years, never felt boring. I'm satisfied to be a madonna fan,thank you so much madonna,this world is so pretty because of you.  here is my list:  1.hung up   this song the best of the decade,and Madge performs it well in Grammy and other lives  2.get together  perfect, so can we get together when the love starts bitter  3.sorry    nice song and good mv,Madge looks beautiful  4.forbidden love   ..........like the performance in confessions tour  5.issac    6.jump  7. how high   ....ohters  overall, this album is  a masterpiece.  when you on gym or running, this album is a perfect match
B0002Y69NG|4.0|These all look great on DVD, I think Revolutions probably profits the most from the new format.     It's true that the sequels - Reloaded and Revolutions - do not hold a candle to the original film. The Matrix could be watched over and over again, but with reloaded and its sequel, there is not much rewatch quality to them.     What went wrong with the sequels? TOO many characters, way too many.     The Wachowskis got the mix just right with the first film, but the sequels feel as if you are being introduced to a new character every five minutes which gives you no time to get to know any of the new additions to the series.     Although, the sequels do have their strengths and the idea of Smith taking over the matrix and looking to expand beyond it is a fascinating idea.     These are great films, and I really hope this franchise is considered as the next big Hollywood reboot.
0307716511|3.0|I was loving this book until the last 50 pages. The story was compelling; the writing was generally good. Then I felt duped (something Beatrice, the main character, presents as true turns out to be false) and the ending turns out to be totally unbelievable!  There were several plausible endings that would have worked, but the author flipped out at the finish line and ruined the book. Too bad the book's editor lost his/ her grip on the book.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|I remember nagging my dad to take me to the original Tron, and to be honest I was a little dissapointed with it. Yes, the light cycle chases are ace and there was some good stuff in it, but on the whole I found it boring.     Then I was on holiday and watched Tron Legacy on the plane. What a great film this is, way better than the original. Even on a two inch screen the effects are amazing - Tron Legacy is like watching a fireworks display for 2 hours.     The story has all the same problems as the original, and to be honest I think they should make a prequel showing the uprising as that was the most interesting idea in the film.     But, on the whole this is a great film and rekindles some memories. By the way, look out for Michael Sheen doing his best David Bowie impression.
B002MEW7YY|2.0|Anna Netrebko - happy, healthy, bouncing, happily married Anna Netrebko, has a great voice, great technique; she is not  the right singer for the role of Lucia di Lammermoor. Natalie Dessay performs the role much better.    My impression while I listened, though, was not that Netrebko was at fault, but rather how poor and weak Donizetti  was as a composer. I remember remarking to my wife that since he couldn't think of anything appropriate he should at least have stolen an aria, or whatever, from Mozart!
B001UV4XHY|4.0|I was always a little dissapointed with how the series translated to the screen (particularly the very first film), however, this is a really great little film.     Although I was dragged to see it with my girlfriend, once I had sat down with my popcorn and coke I felt myself riveted.     Many of the flaws in the earlier films have been corrected, particularly the wand fights. Previously, the wand fights were a little slow and nothing you hadn't seen before. In this film, the wand fights are unexpected and like something from a shoot out in a cops and robbers film.     The performances are excellent, and the quality of the film as a whole is very good. I am not giving this five stars just yet, not until I see the final film.     Two hours well spent.
B002MZKQ32|5.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns Review  By: Mariam     Treat a neighbor like family. To some, that seems like allowing a stranger into one's house, but sometimes taking a risk like that can leave a significant impact on one's life. Two neighbors who at first were complete strangers to one another, Mariam and Laila, create a relationship as they share their pains and life stories to one another and to the reader in the captivating novel of A Thousand Splendid Suns. Taken place in Afghanistan, author Khaled Hosseini uses a creative way to craft the individual stories behind the eyes of each character while combining them at the same time, allowing for an intriguing and emotional novel that leaves readers wanting to know what is yet to come.      Mariam is forced into a marriage with her husband Rasheed which soon becomes the same destiny as Mariam's neighbor, Laila, who is left parentless after an attack. Rasheed does nothing but add on to their already existing miseries of the constant outbreaks of war and Taliban with his constant degrading and abuse. As the book progresses, Hosseini references the different events Afghanistan faced throughout the years, making the novel more interesting by including history in these different women's stories. From the loss of a mother due to suicide to the attempt escape for hope in another country, the events in the novel will leave you unable to set the book down. With a combination of hate, grief, suspense, history, companionship, and love, Hosseini brings this fictional story to life with his amazing literature skills.     This book is highly unique. With its clever writing structure and amazing descriptions, it's difficult to put any negative comments towards it. I definitely recommend this book to all readers if they are truly interested in getting a taste out of a different culture as well as two heartfelt stories.
B000T9OP7G|4.0|I understand that people may find the tv show lacking in comparison to T1 or T2, but after sitting through Terminator Salvation this series seems like a mini masterpiece.    The special effects, considering the budget of the series, are very good and I also thought the actors were great and perfect for their chosen parts. What makes this show so good though, are the stories. They are well written, daring and always entertaining. My only reservation is the lack of extras, but from what I understand the blu-ray is loaded with them.
B002RKSZKI|3.0|Emma was such a character who in my opinion, was a little bit too conceited - she had thought to know of the feelings of other people that made her feel very confident of her match-making skills; and yet, when these matches failed to be, she thought the failures were all her doing too!  Just the same, as in any chick-lit novels, everything was well and as it should be towards the end.    It took me almost three weeks to finish this book, and I questioned myself why.  It just didn't have that pull on me that I sometimes found myself browsing the net rather than reading the book.  It's always a struggle for me to read 18th century writings; I always have to go back and reread for a more thorough understanding of what's being said.  This is my second book by Jane Austen, and I'm probably getting tired of all the ceremonious ways of her period.  Still, I could not fault the writing, being from a long ago era and true to it; it also elicited `hate and like' feelings towards the characters which is a sure indication of good literature...But still, I labored through it...so three stars to be fair to Ms. Austen and to myself.
0060574216|4.0|I wish I had read this book ten years ago. It is insightful, informative and never belittles its readers. Many secrets are offered up in what is a well written discussion on the relationship between the sexes.     Reading this book could help you to understand why your relationship is failing, or it could even strengthen an already good partnership.     Make sure you pick up a copy.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I love this app works great and the sync is great. Add notes on my tablet and then there they are on my phone. No crashes and reliable sync.
B002ZG980U|4.0|Popped this in my DVD player the other night.     Well,first off - just as Shutter Island was similar to another film called 'the ninth configuration', Inception is rather similar to a film called 'Dreamscape'.     The principal character can enter people's dreams and steal their secrets or perhaps even alter their thinking.     As usual, Christopher Nolan's direction is rock solid and there are some really beautifully acted scenes that also look fantastic.     The one problem with Inception is that it drags on a little too much and makes its nifty little idea into a great big overly complex film.     If, as others suggest, this film is taking a lot from the matrix, then perhaps the makers should have considered the simplicity of the plot to the original matrix.     A great film, and very entertaining, but the idea is overdone a little too much for my taste.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|This product allows my iPhone 3GS with an Otterbox Defender case to work perfectly with a Sony ICFCS10iP Speaker Dock with Alarm Clock and Radio. The phone has full functionality while in the dock. It also charges.
B0011HOEY4|5.0|The visual style of this film is quite toned down for one of Ridley Scott's, but that actually pays off with a concentration here on story and acting.     The script is tight, with an underlying edge about business practices and most notably the cutting out of the middle man in modern business.     The combination of depth and some top notch performances, make this one of Scott's best ever films. In a day of crass and empty Hollywood fodder, Scott produces a serious and adult take on a problem, that thirty years on, is still with us.
B004LUS390|5.0|An impressively-featured paint program for android. All of the tools you could want, and only 99c. The only downside is the hardware it is running on - a phone is not a graphic tablet. Autodesk (makers of AutoCAD) really delivered an easy-to-use and useful app on this one. Maybe they'll make something for vector art too...
B0006IIPIK|4.0|I picked a copy up of this recently, and I remember watching it when it was first released. It is such a tragedy that more people have not seen this and that the director has not made more films since.     The biggest problem with Sky Captain is the opening, it is too slow and a little dull. However, once the robots invade and the action cranks a gear - this becomes a brilliant film - mad scientists, crazy robots and flying contraptions, then there are some really great performances.     I say great performances, as all the actors are playing up there characters as a tribute to the bygone day of television science fiction serials. If you're ever had the pleasure of watching the original black and white tv show of the Rocketeer then you will know exactly what the director was aiming for.     I think enough has been said about the effects - they are superb and the techniques have since been used to great effect in many other films. If you enjoyed the style of 300 by Zack Snyder, then you are going to love this film.     The film has a lot of flaws, and we're left wondering when we will see a great steam punk style movie - anyone any reccomendations - after this and also the league of extraordinary gentlemen did not attract a wider audience.
B004QPOVF0|5.0|ik heb het concert gezien in amsterdam; fantastisch!!!!!!!!!!!  en nu dank zij deze dvd herbeleef ik het keer op keer opnieuw
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I stinkin' love zombie killing! now i can do it on my phone!! awesome game a liitle hard to see on smaller screen phone..but still fun kiddos love it!
B0036EH3U2|4.0|I watched the whole series on Sci-fi. This really beats waiting up to a year between seasons. As for the story line this isn't the old BSG with tin men and Lorne Green. No one is innocent in this show. Even the Angels are killers. Everyone drinks, smokes and gets high (stims) while fighting off the rather ingenious robots some of whom can't be identified as non human. These robots think they are God's children and must annihlate the human race as a whole. Relationships,religion, even terrorism is addressed from both sides with interesting view points. A true work of art. Why 4 stars? because Razor was left out.
0307454541|4.0|Murder.  Corporate corruption.  Dark family secrets.  All three can be found within The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, a modern masterpiece penned by Stieg Larsson.  Within the novel, Larsson is not only able to create a captivating crime drama that keeps the reader on the edge of their seat, but create a story that successfully combines three popular themes without overwhelming the reader.  Unlike other stories, these multiple subplots never tangle and cause the story to lag or grind to a halt; on the contrary, Larsson has structured them so they smoothly transition into one another to keep the story moving, and to keep the action going.<br /><br />  The characters within the story are also captivating as well, and human for all their quirks.  Both Blomkvist and Salander have their personal strengths and flaws, and Larsson makes no attempt to sugar coat their failings as a way to garter them sympathy.  Rather, the reader comes to sympathize with the characters after watching the story unfold, rather than having Larsson tell them to do so.  This pattern of showing, not necessarily telling, gives the reader freedom to guess and try to solve the many mysteries within the book themselves, drawing them into the story.  This higher level of reader involvement is what makes the novel so captivating, and so worthy of the popularity and notoriety it has received.
B004SUDPXW|5.0|Breaking Bad is the most exhilarating TV experience that's on air right now. No show can match it in terms of visceral impact and WOW moments.
0307279189|5.0|What a fascinating account of a real life story.  I had read about the Tarahumara years ago, in Runner's World, and never learned anything more about their lifestyle.  This book filled in all the gaps and also taught me about our American ultamarathoners.  Very inspirational.
B000002MJ0|5.0|Sounding as if fragments of crystal were being levitated into the air and whirled around to resonate at a high frequency, \\"All I Need\\", the fifth track from \\"Isn't Anything\\" owes a debt of inspiration to one of My Bloody Valentine's musical touchstones, the Jesus and Mary Chain. Anyone who began listening to MBV after the release of \\"Loveless\\" and expected \\"Isn't Anything\\" to match its seamless, pristine values of production is going to be in for a bit of a shock. And while you can hear the underpinnings of the most heavily, gorgeously overlayered textures so predominant on \\"Loveless\\" within the guitar work on \\"Isn't Anything\\", the, gelled, embroidered quality of that sound is nascent and the riffs punchier or much more aggressive (just listen to \\"Sueisfine\\", \\"Feed Me With Your Kiss\\", or \\"You Never Should\\" if you need any confirmation). \\"Soft as Snow\\" , the opening track combines both of these elements, though not with the glistening production that characterized \\"Loveless\\"; instead, it's a little murkier, a little heavier, and to some who have complained about the production values, muddier.     \\"Several Girls Galore\\", the track that served as my introduction to the band, is perhaps a perfect example. Raw, heavy with distortion, squalling at times, and with a swirling directionality (though nowhere nearly as aggressively paced as the track that follows it, \\"You Never Should\\") underneath the sculpted quality of the cut lies a tunefulness that the band would mine to a much greater degree on \\"Loveless\\".     Yet as much as MBV drew inspiration from the JAMC's heavily distorted, tuneful walls of feedback, a deep appreciation for the ethereal quality of the ouvre of Cocteau Twins was as equally responsible for the shimmering aspect brought to bear in \\"Loveless\\" , but again hinted at strongly on \\"Isn't Anything\\", especially on \\"No More Sorry\\" and \\"Lose My Breath\\".     And listening with an attentive ear (as well as a pair of quality headphones) can result in revealing newly successive wrinkles on the first few runs through the CD. \\"Isn't Anything\\" isn't a release that's designed to promote a casual listening experience. It's not party music. It could be said to more of a deconstruction of the Jesus and Mary Chain and the Cocteau Twins, or a blueprint for the shoegazing movement that would come into prominence after the release of this CD, thanks largely in part to the release OF \\"Isn't Anything\\". This is my third copy in the past 21 years, and it still is in rotation within my car CD changer. I would definitely recommend getting a copy, especially if you already own \\"Loveless\\" and are on the fence about this one.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book and almost done with book 2 and ready to start the 3rd book. This is a easy fun read.
0061251321|5.0|I'm no anthropologist but you get to know that the way we behave in organisation has something to with culture, values and all that. Personally I like working with people and working in a team. I get a real kick out of seeing people go of and do their thing and do it well. However, I find it almost impossible to help people work together across the diversity of a big organisation.     So here is a book that explains in simple terms what I have experienced in my working life, so much of it just rings true and it includes things you can actually do. The idea of the triad making connections between people rather than holding onto one on one relationships is just so powerful. The books description is a framework and I like that, it's easy to visualise and remember.     It claims to be based on research but for me it rigour is not as important as the insights I get about myself and my workplace just by reading it. It's a fascinating and interesting book with lots of good organisational stories. I highly recommend it.
0553386794|4.0|I was always reluctant to read this book, as I have been to read most medieval world type fantasy after Tolkien ([[ASIN:0345340426 J.R.R. Tolkien Boxed Set (The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings)]]) and E. R. Eddison ([[ASIN:073510171X The Worm Ouroboros]]). So much of it was derivative (dwarfs and goblins, elves and wizards, great quests and magical talismans and the opposition of world threatening dark forces). A few early samplings of the post-Tolkien crowd back in the eighties led me to conclude there was no matching the masters. But the recent HBO series dramatizing this book (the first in an apparently still unfinished series by George R. R. Martin) prompted me to think again. I've found the made for television series richly drawn, its character-driven tale compelling and its background faux medieval world remarkably distinctive and detailed.<br /><br />So I ordered the books from amazon. This, the first of the series of four books so far, has lived up to my expectations.<br /><br />A complex tale of political intrigue concerning the rule of the Seven Kingdoms, A Game of Thrones introduces us to a world that has been superimposed on the bones of England's late medieval period. The Seven Kingdoms are situated on an island of undetermined size off the coast of a much larger land mass, separated by the \\"Narrow Sea\\". The country is rather like a mix of dark age England with Norse-like people occupying the north and a high medieval culture in the south. The capital, Kings Landing (situated approximately where London is in the real England), has an almost Mediterrannean air to it.<br /><br />The land of the Seven Kingdoms has two main seasons, winter and summer, and each lasts many years and, we are told, \\"winter is coming\\". The story opens fifteen years after the overthrow of the \\"Mad King\\" Aerys Targaryen, a tyrant against whom the lords of the realm (many whose ancestors were once kings in their own right) had risen up. The Targaryens were bloodily expunged in the rebellion and the throne taken by one Robert Baratheon of the ancient House Baratheon. King Robert, now fifteen years older, a good deal fatter and utterly disgusted with the responsibilities of kingship (for which he is little suited) has come north to recruit his old friend Lord Eddard Stark to help him rule at King's Landing.<br /><br />Lord Stark (Ned to his wife and the King) is reluctant to accept the charge to become King's Hand but honor finally compels him and he begins his journey south with the king and his dysfunctional family, a journey that will precipitate a series of catastrophic events for the kingdom itself. Based loosely on the strife that ripped England apart during the War of the Roses, the two main contending houses of the future conflict are Ned's own House Stark and that of the king's wife, Queen Cersei: House Lannister. (The main houses in the War of the Roses were the Yorks and the Lancasters.)<br /><br />Like England, this land is of ancient lineage. Originally occupied by the Children of the Forest (a primitive people of small stature) it was later taken and ruled by the First Men who arrived from oversea to set up the early kingdoms. The First Men were followed by the Andals who built the culture and civilization which undergirds the land at the time the story commences. Like England, which was conquered and ruled by the invading Duke William Bastard of Normandy, but whose line eventually collapsed, so the land of the Seven Kingdoms was subsequently conquered by one Aegon the Conqueror who managed to suppress the native kings of Andal and the First Men with his host of flying fire breathing dragons.<br /><br />And so the fantasy finds its way into the tale. This world looks superficially like our own in high medieval times but is anything but. Naturally, though, religion plays a role. The New Faith, brought by the Andals, worships the Seven Faces of God inside septs (churches) and is guided by a religious order modeled after the medieval Church, while the Old Faith, still strong in the north, worships many distinct gods of near forgotten identity and nature, but it is a faith inherited by the First Men from the Children of the Forest and is still strong in the north. Worship in the old way requires a godswood and so many of the strongholds have their own little forest preserve within their walls, along with a proper sept, and far to the north, where a great wall stretches to secure the realm from the wild frozen lands north of it, the old gods still hold sway. What has nearly been forgotten, however, except for ancient tales now generally disbelieved, is the existence of beings called the White Walkers who are said to slumber for thousands of years under the heavy ice before each reappearance. These strange beings are said to walk the earth only in the coldest of times, drinking the blood of men. And now, as the Stark House motto has it, \\"Winter is Coming\\" again, and all indications are that it will be a very long one.<br /><br />The great wall, constructed in an age barely recalled at the time of the story, holds back the wild barbarians who still live north of the wall and, if legend is to be credited, the dread White Walkers who haven't been seen in so long that they are now generally discounted by all and sundry. Even the men of the Night's Watch, outcasts and lawbreakers all who have \\"taken the black\\" to expunge their crimes and thereby dedicated themselves to an isolated existence guarding the Wall, seem to have forgotten. But there are bits of evidence which some refuse to credit that warn that the White Walkers may be waking.<br /><br />As Ned Stark heads south with King Robert, the intrigue rapidly unfolds while Stark family members are quickly scattered to various parts of the realm, never to be reunited in happy unity again. Ned's bastard son, Jon Snow, must \\"take the black\\" and dedicate his life to defense of the Wall, for want ot a place in his father's stronghold, Winterfell, now that Lord Stark has gone, while the two Stark daughters have gone south, with a large part of the household, to serve the king. Elder daughter, Sansa, a red haired beauty not yet of marriageable age has been pledged to King Robert's vain and handsome young son, Prince Joffrey, while younger daughter Arya, a tough little tomboy bridles at the courtly airs and inevitable restrictions the king's household imposes on them. Ned's three sons and his wife remain behind at Winterfell. But events will soon split them, even further, as Ned discovers the poisonous personalities and ambitions around the king and tries to set things right by discovering what really happened to the previous King's Hand, Jon Arryn, who had been foster father to both Ned and Robert in their youth.<br /><br />The supporting characters are fully as complex as the primary ones. King Robert's wife, the icy beauty Queen Cersei Lannister, has a twin brother, Jaime of the golden hair, a hero of the realm, albeit one with a dark stain upon his name for he had been a member of the old King's Guard fifteen years earlier and betrayed the Mad King by assassination in order to join with Robert Baratheon, Eddard Stark and Jon Arryn in their uprising. Jaime's brother is a twisted dwarf, Tyrion Lannister, with a clever mind, wry sense of humor and a cynical soul reflecting the misfortune of his birth and a father, Lord Tywin Lannister, who cannot abide his imperfection.<br /><br />Lady Catelyn, Ned's wife, had once been betrothed to Ned's older brother, a man who, along with Ned's father and sister, had been slain by the Mad King. As Ned rides south with the increasingly troubled King Robert and his unruly household, across the sea to the east another plots his return. The Mad King left two children on his death who had been spirited away by their protector in the disorder of the rebellion. Raised in poverty but with hopes of reclaiming the Iron Throne, constructed by Aegon the Conqueror in the long ago time of the melted swords of his vanquished foes, Prince Viserys schemes to sell his fourteen year old younger sister, Danerys Targaryen, to Khal Drogo of the Dothraki horde, a nomad king who commands some forty thousand barbarian horsemen. The khal is to get the innocent, virgin princess in exchange for a promise to lend Viserys his horde for reconquest of the Seven Kingdoms.<br /><br />Nor does the story exhaust itself on these events and personalities alone. Back in King's Landing there is the Small Council which serves the king, consisting of certain high men of the realm including the king's youngest brother, a scheming eunuch, a shrewd lord and businessman who had once loved Catelyn Stark, an aging Maester (member of an ancient religious order which perpetuates the realm's learning) and the head of the king's own guard. All of these plus a good many other interesting characters (including the Braavosi swordmaster Syrio Forel, recruited by Lord Stark to teach his younger daughter to defend herself) drive the fast moving plot forward.<br /><br />And there are certainly villains, like Sandor Clegane, the Hound of Prince Joffrey, and his brother, Ser Gregor Clegane, the Man Mountain, though not all are as obviously reprehensible as these two (although even Sandor, we learn, has his almost sympathetic side). Perhaps the least satisfying character of all is the shallow and remarkably simple Sansa, Lord Stark's older daughter, who continues to dream her romantic fantasies about marriage to the Prince, despite the growing evidence that he is not what she imagines. It's hard to believe a Stark child raised in the surroundings of Winterfell with the shrewd counsel of their resident maester could be so naive and utterly blind to events around her. And there is a strange device of carrier ravens which miraculously manage to move about from keep to keep, camp to camp, as a sort of messenger service that keeps the story moving without benefit of telephones or telegrams.<br /><br />But overall the story works on a multiplicity of levels. While it lacks the powerful emotional resonance of a book like Hope Muntz' [[ASIN:B001DA6IKC The Golden Warrior, the Story of Harold and William, a Novel of the Norman Conquest]] (which tells of the real intrigue that led to the accession to the English throne of William the Conqueror in 1066), this is a robustly and richly imagined work with just enough of the fantastic to justify its inclusion in the epic fantasy genre. It's not Tolkien or Eddison, to be sure, but it's no pale imitation of them either.<br /><br />Stuart W. Mirsky<br />author of [[ASIN:0738801518 The King of Vinland's Saga]]rge part of the household, to serve the king. Elder daughter, Sansa, a red haired beauty not yet of marriageable age has been pledged to King Robert's vain and handsome young son, Prince Joffrey, while younger daughter Arya, a tough little tomboy bridles at the courtly airs and inevitable restrictions the king's household imposes on them. Ned's three sons and his wife remain behind at Winterfell. But events will soon split them, even further, as Ned discovers the poisonous personalities and ambitions around the king and tries to set things right by discovering what really happened to the previous King's Hand, Jon Arryn, who had been foster father to both Ned and Robert in their youth.  The supporting characters are fully as complex as the primary ones. King Robert's wife, the icy beauty Queen Cersei Lannister, has a twin brother, Jaime of the golden hair, a hero of the realm, albeit one with a dark stain upon his name for he had been a member of the old King's Guard fifteen years earlier and betrayed the Mad King by assassination in order to join with Robert Baratheon, Eddard Stark and Jon Arryn in their uprising. Jaime's brother is a twisted dwarf, Tyrion Lannister, with a clever mind, wry sense of humor and a cynical soul reflecting the misfortune of his birth and a father, Lord Tywin Lannister, who cannot abide his imperfection.  Lady Catelyn, Ned's wife, had once been betrothed to Ned's older brother, a man who, along with Ned's father and sister, had been slain by the Mad King. As Ned rides south with the increasingly troubled King Robert and his unruly household, across the sea to the east another plots his return. The Mad King left two children on his death who had been spirited away by their protector in the disorder of the rebellion. Raised in poverty but with hopes of reclaiming the Iron Throne, constructed by Aegon the Conqueror in the long ago time of the melted swords of his vanquished foes, Prince Viserys schemes to sell his fourteen year old younger sister, Danerys Targaryen, to Khal Drogo of the Dothraki horde, a nomad king who commands some forty thousand barbarian horsemen. The khal is to get the innocent, virgin princess in exchange for a promise to lend Viserys his horde for reconquest of the Seven Kingdoms.  Nor does the story exhaust itself on these events and personalities alone. Back in King's Landing there is the Small Council which serves the king, consisting of certain high men of the realm including the king's youngest brother, a scheming eunuch, a shrewd lord and businessman who had once loved Catelyn Stark, an aging Maester (member of an ancient religious order which perpetuates the realm's learning) and the head of the king's own guard. All of these plus a good many other interesting characters (including the Braavosi swordmaster Syrio Forel, recruited by Lord Stark to teach his younger daughter to defend herself) drive the fast moving plot forward.  And there are certainly villains, like Sandor Clegane, the Hound of Prince Joffrey, and his brother, Ser Gregor Clegane, the Man Mountain, though not all are as obviously reprehensible as these two (although even Sandor, we learn, has his almost sympathetic side). Perhaps the least satisfying character of all is the shallow and remarkably simple Sansa, Lord Stark's older daughter, who continues to dream her romantic fantasies about marriage to the Prince, despite the growing evidence that he is not what she imagines. It's hard to believe a Stark child raised in the surroundings of Winterfell with the shrewd counsel of their resident maester could be so naive and utterly blind to events around her. And there is a strange device of carrier ravens which miraculously manage to move about from keep to keep, camp to camp, as a sort of messenger service that keeps the story moving without benefit of telephones or telegrams.   But overall the story works on a multiplicity of levels. While it lacks the powerful emotional resonance of a book like Hope Muntz' [[ASIN:B001DA6IKC The Golden Warrior, the Story of Harold and William, a Novel of the Norman Conquest]] (which tells of the real intrigue that led to the accession to the English throne of William the Conqueror in 1066), this is a robustly and richly imagined work with just enough of the fantastic to justify its inclusion in the epic fantasy genre. It's not Tolkien or Eddison, to be sure, but it's no pale imitation of them either.  Stuart W. Mirsky  author of [[ASIN:0738801518 The King of Vinland's Saga]]
B000HIVOI2|1.0|This has to be the worst Blu-Ray transfer I have ever seen. It is so grainy in spots that it feels like I am watching it on TV in the 90s with a bad antenna signal. Some parts are even worse than others, how this got released is beyond me. Do yourself a fav and do not buy this version of Stargate.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This is a really great adaptation of a classic PC game.  While it doesn't have the zen garden or the \\"puzzle\\" and \\"survival\\" main menu choices, it still has a huge amount of fun packed into a great touch-screen adaptation of the game.  I've gotten all the achievements, and I had a blast doing so.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|I love being able to access the local HD-radio stations as well as other stations all around the world. most of the stations stream in pretty good quality. you can also listen to police and emergency bands as well. the best is being able to listen to your favorite local stations when traveling out of the broadcast area
B004K4AVAG|3.0|You try so hard to like this CD because there is so much in there to love! But ultimately you accept that you don't want to play it any more. All the elements of greatness are there, but not enough to weave them together in a way that feels musically unique and fun.    PROS:  Message is strong, inspiring, and brave. She has guts and is on the side of justice. The arrangements are complex, layered, and bring in musical cultural influences from all over the map. Lyrics are fun, clever, and artistic. She can play the piano and sing to beat the band.     CONS:  But while this record might work as the set list for a mega-show in a mega-arena it manages to overwhelm itself within a few minutes on CD and get really boring in a hurry. Suddenly you find yourself listening to all the other sounds you hate, from people who came before Lady Gaga but were not nearly as original, revolutionary, or talented. The rhythms and melodies start to lose their identity and in the process you lose interest because it feels like you're listening to a smash-up of 80s top hits all crunched into one heavy track after another that has got everything in it including the kitchen sink.     CONCLUSION: The songs get weighted down not lifted up, and that special je ne se quais that makes Lady Gaga phenomenal is lost in the jumble of mega production around melodies that aren't strong enough to keep the core robust. Like there is no air to breathe and the muscle and effort in this one CD could have expressed itself better in five albums, not one. Or at least it would have been more fun to listen to. But this CD seems to choke itself out pretty fast and once the air leaves the room the party's dull.
B000JMLFLW|1.0|I am new to kindle books and found this book for free.  Boy, make sure you go in and READ about the book before you even download it.  I can read a book in a day this book took me over a week to read.  I COULD NOT stay with this book. I made myself finish it but was driving myself nuts doing so.  I didn't even want to give this book one start.  I am so glad I did not have to purchase this I would of wanted my money back.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Great for when the straight facts are needed. I use it for demographics, meds, and as a conversion tool. Simple to use and clean appearance
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|I have to add this to my list of all time worst endings to a series. Read the reviews to find out why, I just wanted to give it another 1 star rating.
0307454541|2.0|Having recently been disappointed by Heining Mankell's Wallander books, I resisted the hype about the Millennium trilogy until curiosity got the better of me. What I discovered was some of the most turgid, undisciplined writing I've ever encountered in fiction. Larsson fixates on detail of no conceivable interest to anyone, is clueless about such rudiments of creative writing as the difference between show and tell -- ALL he does is tell -- and can't plot his way out of a paper bag. The main storyline of \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" focuses on an intriguing cold case, but the two amateurs hired to look into it don't so much unravel it as find its solution fall into their laps. The \\"shock\\" twist is something the reader will have figured out about 350 pages before the intrepid Mikael -- the biggest mystery of all is how the professionals failed to solve it decades earlier.<br /><br />The Girl's much-vaunted lead characters are no great shakes either. A crusading journalist who's a tiresome prig, an eponymous punk who's just a retread of 90s movies and TV series (Nikita, etc.). Like those authors who can't help giving their tarts hearts, Larsson loses his nerve with Salander almost immediately. Don't believe her ungainliness for a moment; she's actually as sexy as hell. And her rebelliousness runs no deeper than her tattoos; under the skin, she has a conventional, pretty right-wing sense of right and wrong (think Charles Bronson with a training bra).<br /><br />But, boy, do these Swedes ever know how to fill the pages! They can string out a thin story to 500, 600 pages without raising a sweat -- must be those short winter days.<br /><br />It's not difficult to see why Larsson couldn't get published in his lifetime, and tempting to wonder whether his early demise was that modern media phenomenon, the smart career move.
0545265355|5.0|I read these books over the course of a weekend and loved them! My personal fave was the first book, but I am glad that I read the entire series. These are great for a vacation read.
B004DL5K2K|5.0|It is here at last. An awesome sounding remaster with Bob Daisley & Lee Kerslake back on (and rightfully so). You will not be disappointed in this. Worth every penny. Get it while you can!!!
B004LAIU4I|5.0|A first listen to a mature Paul Simon album usually leaves me wondering whether he has lost his touch but invariably, on repeated hearings, depths of meaning emerge to reveal yet another brilliant work of popular song. In Simon's latest opus, \\"So Beautiful or So What,\\" an extended reflection on meaning by a sixty-nine-year old who remembers vividly what being twenty was like, the master has done it again, sneaking up on me when I wasn't looking. As someone who remembers Simon in his youth, I share his sentiment of wishing that I could have another fifty years to do it all over again, or do it differently - but do it.     Simon sets you up. If you do not listen closely, you may think that the first two tracks are mere dance tunes with some lyrics. The opening track, \\"Getting Ready for Christmas Day,\\" offers a glimpse into an offbeat character who nevertheless reflects his culture; he may not get the joke but Simon does. After another up-tempo song, Simon turns to three contemplative works, in which we hear the poignancy of memory as the singer reflects on his life. \\"Sweet July and we drove the Montauk Highway / And walked along the cliffs above the sea.\\" You wonder where she is now.     Halftime: Simon sets us up again with the up-tempo \\"Love Is Eternal Sacred Light.\\" If you know Simon, you may realize that the punch to the solar plexus is next. Sure enough, after a brief reflection on solo guitar (\\"Amulet\\"), Simon poses the great and unanswerable questions in \\"Questions for the Angels.\\" Simon's prematurely gray personality, which has been in evidence since he was twenty, is on full display.     Oh well, we might as well have a good time (\\"Love & Blessings\\"). We have heard that from Simon before, in \\"Have a Good Time,\\" from his mid-1970s album \\"Still Crazy After All These Years.\\" This time, however, Simon is not a frenetic youth but a mature man reflecting on nearly seventy years of life. He sends us home with the final track: \\"Life is what you make of it: so beautiful or so what.\\" So you may as well enjoy the music and dance. Music aficionados will enjoy the unexpected appearance of a kora and mouthed Indian percussion.     Simon has extended the theme in \\"Slip-Slidin' Away\\" to album length. It is Simon's most fully integrated work, so far, and that's sayin' a mouthful.
B004WJRJUE|5.0|I will keep this short & sweet. This is the ORIGINAL Under the Blade that has been out of print for decades. It is raw & in your face. Sounds a hundred times better than the 1985 remixed version (which I always thought sounded too perfect & way too polished). Bonus tracks just add to the greatness of this album. This has always been my favorite Twisted Sister album. Now it is remasterd & re-released in all it's glory. PLAY IT LOUD MUTHA!!!!!
B004SBS8LA|2.0|I love the game, come on!! If there is going to be an update that people have been waiting for,  make it work. I downloaded it once and all I got when I tried to open the new game was a black screen followed by the screen it was on before trying to open the game. Had to uninstall :( lose all previous progress :( and start all over again. Have yet to see the new levels.  Boooooooo!
B004RQVVGU|5.0|I will keep this short & sweet. This remaster sounds AWESOME!! Lee Kerslake & Bob Daisley are back on & rightfully so. Bonus \\"live\\" disc is a gem. Yes, it is pretty much the same set list as \\"Tribute\\", but this concert sounds a tad more raw & in your face. I really like it. Five stars all the way. You will not be disappointed.
B003102JDM|5.0|As OH BROTHER, WHERE ART THOU? is to The Odyssey, so is A SERIOUS MAN to the book of Job. The basic question of \\"Why do bad things happen to good people?\\" is examined, dissected, and parodied beautifully here. In Job, God allows tragedy, disaster, and utter ruin to devastate Job, who happens to be one of the most righteous, upstanding men on Earth. Why? Because God is \\"tempted\\" by Satan to do so! Satan bets that Job will crack under enough pressure, and curse God. In other words, God allows Job's life to go down the toilet in order to prove that the devil is wrong. Of course, God knows the outcome before taking the bet, so Job is in good hands. Larry Gopnick is our modern, 1960s Job. He is stricken by divorce, terrible neighbors, death, and the Columbia record club! We watch as this physics professor's entire existence unravels around him. Will he crack? In Job, he is joined by three \\"friends\\" who mostly babble on about Job's apparent sinfulness in reference to his horrible predicament. In A SERIOUS MAN, the Coens use Rabbis. So, why do bad things happen to Larry Gopnick? I don't know. He doesn't know. Only God knows, and the result is comic genius,,,
1936594234|1.0|I couldn't finish reading this book due to the number of contradictions and religious inferences. I respect that this collection of ideas may be the authors beliefs but he expresses it as a dogma to follow. If you decide to purchase and read this book, my recommendation would be to do so with an intelligent and discerning mind.
B000JJSPXQ|4.0|brought Back Alot Of Memories, I Was Younger, Had ALL Of My Hair, And All Was Right With The World. This Disc Is In Heavy Rotation In My CD Player
1439102724|4.0|I think I liked this book mainly because it was written by Jodi Picoult, whose writing I find enjoyable.    *SMALL SPOILERS BELOW!*  The relationship between Zoe and Vanessa really didn't connect with me - I never found it to be believable.  Nor did Max's relationship with God.
B000P7V46C|5.0|Love This Band. And As Their First Release As A Trio, They Knocked It Out Of The Park..Recommended For ALL Prog Rock Fans
B004VUP8WK|3.0|I'm a longtime Morbid Angel fan, since the days of Covenant. I remember being about 14 or 15 years old when I first saw God of Emptiness on Headbangers Ball. They scared the crap out of me......then, began to make me curious. I soon began to love their sound.<br /><br />Domination came out and hooked me after a few listens. I then proceeded to get the rest of their catalog.<br /><br />Even after David Vincent left, I still enjoyed the albums with Steve Tucker.<br /><br />However, at the advent of Mr. Vincent's return, I was completely thrilled at the possibilities of a newly invigorated album. Then, I get to meet David in February of 2010 at a Dean Guitars festival. I was pumped for the next album.<br /><br />All of my excitement was driven into a brick wall with this. I'm open for experimentation and I'm a fan of all types of music, but this just seems wrong.<br /><br />Sub par production, bad hip-hop style lyrics and a musical catastrophe that is nowhere near their true potential. I don't care if they explore beyond Death Metal in order to do something different, but why this? Honestly, I would've liked to hear David do more experimentation with his doomy, clean vocals, if they were wanting to branch beyond Death Metal.<br /><br />Please, somebody tell me that this was somehow forced by the new label.........or maybe they recorded a great album, but then the recording engineer decided to throw some of the goofy things that happen while recording on as actual tracks.<br /><br />Seriously, Radikult absolutely has to have been a joke. This album is truly more of an evil than any evil they've ever written about.<br /><br />UPDATE: I really hated this album, as you can read by my previous review. However, I tried giving this album another chance, after the initial anger and shock had worn off. I can honestly say that I think there is some worthwhile stuff on it now. Blades For Baal is just wicked and Nevermore, 10 More Dead, Existo Vulgore and Beauty Meets Beast are pretty cool, too. I can even find enjoyment now in the experimental tracks when I consider them as an experiment.<br /><br />Do I hope that they continue in this direction? No! But, considering that they've changed with each release, I'm sure that this industrial element won't be as present on the next album.s when I consider them as an experiment.   Do I hope that they continue in this direction? No! But, considering that they've changed with each release, I'm sure that this industrial element won't be as present on the next album.
0307716511|4.0|I have to admit, I couldn't put this book down. While the characters are not as finely tuned or developed as the book jacket would have you think, the speed and intrigue with which the story is written keeps the readers captivated.<br /><br />Though each twist and turn was slightly cliche, I was still surprised by the \\"reveal\\" at the end of this \\"whodunnit,\\" and incorrectly surmised what was going on several times. The ending was a bit \\"meh\\" in my opinion, but it was definitely not what I had been expecting which was nice.<br /><br />Because of the vague timeline that jumps around and the lack of in-depth character development, the plot does feel a bit hollow at points, but it's definitely an entertaining summer read. Perfect for a trip to the beach or a plane ride!
0385040253|5.0|With approximately 7000 drawings and over 3900 knots, this is the kind of reference book that you don't give away, donate or even loan to your best friend.  The written explanations are narrated by the author in such a way that it makes you feel like your are sitting in front of the author like an apprentice to his master.  First published in 1944, the illustrations seemed to have been created by hand and then printed with the text which gives the book a sense of age even if you just bought it new, but in such a simple and clear way that even the most difficult knots (with some patience and practice) can be achieved. A must have in your personal library; learn the knots, read the history behind them or just enjoy reading an fantasizing about becoming a master of knots your self.
B004EPYZPS|4.0|With the combined talents of JJ Abrams and a certain Mr Spielberg behind \\"Super 8,\\" together with the science fiction theme, it was a movie I just had to see.  It turned out to be an entertaining enough movie, though not quite in the same league with such Spielberg sci-fi classics as E.T. and Close Encounters, and maybe not even as good as Mr. Abrams' update of the Star Trek franchise.  Still, the movie was a lot of fun, and I enjoyed its nod to the '60s 'B' movies where the army is fighting the alien invaders (or giant ants, or whatever).  Plus there was the familiar element of a small town dealing with an unknown threat to its existence.  There were also many heartwarming and/or humorous moments of the type that fans of those previous Spielberg classics will recognize, and the little romance between the two young people was nice.  However, the scenes of the middle school heroes were a bit too repetitive (ex., too many scenes of the young director demanding that they get back to making his movie).  That detracted slightly from my level of entertainment with Super 8.  Also, there is no shortage of special FX shots in this flick, but few of them were noteworthy.  A couple of impressive scenes near the end are an exception to this observation.  Otherwise, it was just a lot of stuff flying through the air, blowing up, and/or getting smashed and knocked around.  Finally, the plot plot just felt a bit too casually thrown together, never fully engaging my interest at the level to make this film truly memorable.  I almost went a star lower with my rating, but I left the theater feeling I'd had a good time, and that was enough to get me to 4 stars.<br /><br />An additional note:  Make sure you stick around for the credits!  If you leave when they begin, you'll miss an amusing look at something very relevant to the story.
140120841X|5.0|It might go without saying at this point that V for Vendetta is a masterpiece of literature, but it is certainly worth repeating. I just read it for the first time (though I already look forward to rereading it), and I am instantly a fan. I have read a lot of Alan Moore before (my favorite is still his run on Swamp Thing), and I would say this could be a good entry way into many of his ideas. I agree with what Moor himself says in the introduction that the writing in the early parts is not as good as the later parts (starting from the beginning of Part II, I really couldn't put it down), but it is absolutely worth sticking with. The other comment I have would be that although it is often regarded as a piece of dystopian literature, and it is in part, it is not a purely pessimistic work; there is a beautiful theme of rebirth and optimism throughout the book (as often represented by V, but not exclusively by him/her). I believe it is this idea about the survival of beauty in the bleakest of times that makes this work so essential to Moore's oeuvre and to literature in general. Read it, and re-read it; I know I will.
B000LPQ6DE|2.0|Before the latest Masterpiece Theater version of Jane Eyre was even broadcast, it was already obvious that the casting director for this particular adaptation had not actually read the book. The actress who plays Jane looks more like a sturdy, red-cheeked Kansas farm girl than the young woman described by Charlotte Bronte. Jane spent her early years in a damp, disease-ridden Victorian orphanage in England. It was, in short, a little death house -- as were many Victorian orphanages. The miracle is that Jane not only survived childhood in such an institution, but was able to gain a modest education.   Charlotte Bronte takes particular care in describing the contrast between Jane's small, pale appearance and the strength of her character.  Jane would not have got enough to eat as a child, and this would have stunted her growth and resulted in the frailness that Bronte describes so clearly (Victorians in general were smaller than their predecessors). This, of course, is central to the dynamic between the physically brutish Rochester, whose past life of dissolution and weakness has brought disaster upon him.  Jane, a little wraith who frightens Rochester's horse because she seems as if from another world, has a will as strong as tempered steel. By casting an actress who galumphs around like a carthorse (albeit a pretty one), the physical contrast so central to the book -- that between Jane and Rochester -- is completely lost. The story of Jane Eyre has always appealed to women because the heroine was not conventionally beautiful, yet she triumphs over tragic circumstances through the sheer force of her spirit. Suggest reading the book. Thankfully, the latest movie version, I believe, stars an Eastern European actress who at least appears to be satisfyingly thin.
B004CLYKLI|4.0|After watching TV interviews with the author where she was treated like a terrible person/ awful mother, and where the focus was on \\"So is it true your daughters weren't allowed to attend sleepovers?\\", I was shocked to find myself liking her book so much, right from the very first page. She's smart, funny, self-effacing, and an extremely engaging writer. It isn't easy to write memoir or autobiography in a way that starts out interesting and maintains that interesting arc, like a novel. But Amy does it.<br /><br />Her life is pretty interesting, which helps, of course. She's a highly educated Yale law professor, and so is her husband. But her focus really isn't on that life at all, rather, it's on her own parenting of their two beautiful, smart and talented daughters. She spends a lot of time describing the daily ins and outs of trying to push her girls to \\"be all that they can be,\\" to use a Marine-ism and not a \\"Chinese\\"-ism. She's ruthless with them, and in her writing, she is ruthlessly honest about herself. There's no sickeningly sweet phoniness here, just the unglossed truth. The next time you see a straight-A student play her violin solo and then give the valedictory address at graduation before heading off to her full ride at an Ivy League university... I guarantee you will remember \\"The Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother\\" and perhaps have more insight into what got her to that point. (Hint: it wasn't Happy Meals and soccer games where no scores are kept and 4 hours on Facebook every night.)<br /><br />Amy doesn't say everyone should be like her, as a matter of fact, she clearly has regrets. But she has an astonishing degree of self-acceptance, and an iron-like focus on what is best for her kids to be the best, most independent and self-sufficient (and therefore, in her philosophy, happy) people they can be.<br /><br />I'd LOVE to read memoirs by her husband, and her two daughters. She says they collaborated and dickered and debated with her the entire time she was writing the book. I believe it. Not sure I'd parent my kids the same way, but I admire the driving focus and the achievement. I'm probably way too \\"Western\\" to push myself and my children like this, and I know for a fact I'm too lazy, though. I also lather on the lovey dovey stuff with my kids, because that is who I am. I get that it's not her, though, and that's ok. She's a law professor at Yale, with that kind of drive. I'm a mom of sons. . . sitting with her book in my lap.<br /><br />Recommendation: 2 thumbs way up. Loved it.believe it. Not sure I'd parent my kids the same way, but I admire the driving focus and the achievement. I'm probably way too \\"Western\\" to push myself and my children like this, and I know for a fact I'm too lazy, though. I also lather on the lovey dovey stuff with my kids, because that is who I am. I get that it's not her, though, and that's ok. She's a law professor at Yale, with that kind of drive. I'm a mom of sons. . . sitting with her book in my lap.    Recommendation: 2 thumbs way up. Loved it.
0525425578|4.0|In terms of reviewing this book, it is important to think of it from the standpoint of a 11-15 reading the book and not an adult as the young adult is really Grisham's primary target audience.  With that in mind, in this story Grisham reintroduces us to Theodore Boone--a young man with a penchant for detective work and a budding 13-yr old \\"attorney.\\"  Both of his parents are lawyers and as a result he has a unique opportunity to combine his entrepreneurial skills with the ability to learn at his parents feet.  In this the second Theodore Boone story by Grisham, he is immediately thrown into the fray when his best friend April goes missing.  He doesn't necessarily believe at first that she was in fact taken by someone else but after days of her continuing to go missing as well as the appearance of an old family relative back from jail, he fears the worst.  The story continues with his somewhat odd uncle Ike once again coming on the scene to help out and eventually play a big role in the resolution of this mystery.<br /><br />From the standpoint of recommending it to children, I thought the subject matter was appropriate for agest 13-and up.  The subject matter of kidnapping might be a bit tough for kids younger than that to take and sometimes the descriptions got fairly graphic. The story also touches on divorce which is a subject that needs to be handled carefully around young children.  I was slightly dissapointed with how Grisham chose to end the book. It felt very abrupt and I thought he could have done a bit of a better job goign slightly deeper into the relationship between Theodore and his parents and even Theodore and April.  Overall however a strong book and one that will likely do well especially with teens.
B004QPOVE6|5.0|Awesome video!!! AC/DC rocks!!!!<br />Excelent performance and good quality!<br /><br />For those about to rock.... we salute youuuuu!
B004H8GLXQ|5.0|Beautifully written with vivid descriptions and a poetic flow.  After the gorgeous writing, it was page turning and suspenseful.  I enjoyed the book very much.  I would almost say I was sorry that it ended, but every time I thought it was ending it gave one more piece of the story that I didn't know I was going to get. I can't remember a book that offered the same.
B001MS7IBS|3.0|I was a huge fan of JJ Abrams' Lost and his Star Trek theatrical reboot.  Like a lot of people, I began watching Fringe after I finished Lost's final season on BluRay.  Not only was Lost one of my all-time favorite shows, but the BluRay presentation of all six seasons was breathtaking.  No TV show (and very few Hollywood films) ever looked or sounded better on an HDTV.  The colors were astounding and the sound field was deep and immersive, with ambient sounds of ocean breezes, rustling palm fronds and other effects rendered beautifully and accurately (I loved how you could hear the direction the wind was blowing, or where the ocean was in relation to the characters) through the utterly perfect lossless audio track.      Fringe looks pretty good.  Colors are more muted than on Lost, largely due to the fact that Lost mostly took place on an exotic, colorful tropical island while Fringe is staged in more visually mundane urban locations.  At least that's true of the first season of Fringe; I haven't watched beyond that point yet.  But Fringe's visual presentation is very solid.  You can detect the characters' eye color and see details like wood grain in furniture.  I love stuff like that.    However, the same cannot be said for Fringe's audio track.  The show obviously has a large budget for a TV show, with fine actors, complex sets, and many action scenes shot outdoors, but the soundtrack is presented in plain-vanilla Dolby Digital.  It's not a bad DD presentation, and there is some minor activity through the rear speakers, but the show sounds flat and limited compared to the outstanding lossless soundtrack for Lost.  It's a decent soundtrack for a DVD, but I expect more from this pricey format, especially from a new TV series shot in HD.  I seldom watch television shows at the time they are broadcast, other than live sporting events.  I prefer to use my DVR or, even better, to see them on BluRay, where uncompressed 1080p video and lossless audio look and sound betterthan shows broadcast in 720p or 1080i high definition.  So the unimpressive audio is a real deterrent to purchasing this excellent series.  Why pay the extra money when I can record the shows in HD with only a slight loss in video quality, and no loss in audio quality?  Furthermore, there isn't much \\"bonus\\" material on the Fringe BluRay discs, and only one of those features is in HD.  So there is little reason to purchase Fringe on BluRay as opposed to streaming from Netflix or Amazon, or watching it on your DVR.      Another feature missing from the Fringe discs is \\"Season Play\\" which allows you to resume watching at the same point you stopped, even if you remove the disc from your player in between.  This is no big deal for a movie, which you typically watch in a single sitting, but for a TV series, with four or more episodes on each disc, you have to remember or write down the names of the episodes you've watched to avoid having to search the disc manually (a slow task for many BluRay players) to find your place.  Season Play is handy, not critical.  But it's absence, along with the subpar audio and lack of high-definition special features, indicates that the studio cut too many corners on this high-quality series.      The show itself is excellent.  The characters, especially Dr Walter Bishop, are compelling.  The plots and themes are original and interesting.  You definitely do not get the feeling that you've watched this show a million times before.  Ninety-nine percent of network TV is \\"safe\\", familiar and unbearably dull.  Fringe, like Lost, is a refreshing break from this depressing pattern.  The cast is top-notch; there have been countless TV shows featuring FBI agents (and a few about crazy scientists), but the actors' performances are original and three-dimensional. In the pilot, it was fun to see Lance Reddick (from HBO's The Wire and Oz) and Kirk Acevedo (also from Oz). But John Noble's portrayal of Dr. Walter Bishop is the standout performance.  Unlike many sci-fi shows, Fringe is not too talky and there is plenty of action, but it's not a mindless shoot-em-up either.  Fans of Abrams' intricate, layered creations will be extremely pleased.  I'm looking forward to watching the rest of the series, just not on BluRay, where the presentation isn't worth the extra cost.
B0047X4926|5.0|beautiful package - arrived in perfect condition.my favourite album of her is rated R - but i still enjoyed this one.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Very entertaining.  I spent more time playing than I care to admit.   Worth the $3 for the hours of play.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|One of the things that make certain summers at the movies something more than just an endless stream of special effects blockbusters that promise a lot of bang for your buck, but in the end seem to offer precious little in the way of substance, is that sometimes there is that special kind of \\"blockbuster\\" that has everything you could want, and something more.  And while that is becoming an increasingly rare species in the 21st century, every once in a while it happens.  SUPER 8, from writer/director J.J. Abrams, who directed the 2009 STAR TREK and 2006's MISSION IMPOSSIBLE III, is certainly one of those films for the summer of 2011.    Instead of going with a big-name cast, Abrams went with comparative unknowns, most of whom were young kids.  The film is set in a small Ohio town during the summer of 1979.  Several kids, including Joel Courtney and Elle Fanning, are in the process of making a zombie horror flick using Super 8-millimeter Kodak film when, one night, they witness a violent train wreck that involves a truck being driven by their biology teacher (Glynn Turman).  The accident is caught on camera, and they really think nothing of it...until the Air Force mysteriously moves in to seal the accident scene.  Turman warns the kids that if they tell anyone about this \\"incident\\", they and their parents may suffer some consequences too horrible to contemplate.  The local police, led by Kyle Chandler, get precious little cooperation from the Air Force guys, including Noah Emmerich, and there's a good reason why.  Back in 1963, Turman had been a member of the Air Force involved in an Area 51-type of alien encounter, and had tried to help the aliens which had landed on Earth with their spaceship; instead, the Air Force not only dismissed him but tried to destroy any and all traces of his work.  The end result is a film that has plenty of mayhem, both human and alien alike, but ends on a largely hopeful note (even though some may be dissatisfied with that kind of a resolution).    By setting the film back in 1979, Abrams bought us back to a world where Blackberrys, Blue Tooths, the Internet, and all other electronic communications devices either didn't exist yet or were merely in the planning stages, hence the presence of CB radios and the kids' use of Super-8 millimeter film for their proposed George Romero-type endeavor (and references, via posters on walls, to DAWN OF THE DEAD).  In many ways, SUPER 8 resembles THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT and PARANORMAL ACTIVITY in that Abrams doesn't make it easy for the audience to figure out everything in one bold plot stroke, though he does utilize several elements of his mentor's films CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND and E.T., in the way things go haywire and the power goes out with the aliens' presence (the aliens remain mostly shadow figures until the climax).  And as happens in E.T., the military and the law seem to be depicted in a much more sinister light than the aliens themselves (even with all the mayhem being caused), and the kids, including Fanning (who looks like a dead ringer for a grown-up Drew Barrymore), are far more sympathetic people than the adults.    The presence of such great 1979 hits as \\"Heart Of Glass\\" (by Blondie) and \\"My Sharona\\" (by the Knack) amidst Michael Giacchino's dramatic score give us a good feel of what it was like back in those days.  So even if the alien story part of the film is pretty much part-and-parcel of special effects blockbusters, it is what Abrams does with this plot that makes SUPER 8 more than just a blockbuster; it is a film worthy of comparisons to Spielberg himself, though not slavishly imitative of him.
B002QKZLZ6|1.0|I am careful with my things. I almost never lose anything. I bought this case so I had a consistent place to store my Voyager Pro headset as I don't always wear shirts with pockets and don't like to put my headset in the same pocket as my work phone or keys. I've had my headset since just after Christmas and haven't lost it despite having in in various different pockets depending upon what I was wearing. I get this case and within 3 days, it had fallen off my belt. Now I'm out both the cost of the case and the headset that it was supposed to protect.     DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU INTEND TO WEAR IT ON YOUR BELT! YOU WILL END UP LOSING YOUR HEADSET!!!
B0043HA1K0|3.0|This was just OK, I was really excited when I first heard about it but found it to be a very boring album.
B00514HDNW|5.0|The short novel \\"I am Legend\\" is much better than any of the three movies that were based off of the story.  It gives an interesting spin on the Vampire legend.<br /><br />Matheson was the inspiration for a number of horror writers, and this short story shows why.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I bought this for my 3-year old granddaughter who loves Belle.  I didn't know that she's afraid of the Beast so we have to shelve it until she's ready to watch this Disney movie.  Nevertheless,  I'm happy with purchase and I'm sure she'll want to watch it when she's a bit older.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Theres just enough variety to keep this game afloat. Just when you become bored they mix it up just enough to keep you going. Not amazing but I got it for free and I think its worth $1.50 for those who missed the promo
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This is a great game; simple to learn and play yet highly addictive. Even after you finish the adventure levels, the difficulty changes making the second run as fun as the first.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I loved this game on my iPod Touch. It's great to finally see it ported over to the Android platform. Good graphics, depth, and humor element. I've had no issues on my Droid X.
B001F4UHFI|4.0|I recently watched this on cable, so I will not be addressing any DVD features, although with two discs, multiple commentaries, a documentary and more, [[ASIN:B000BYA5GO this]] seems the one to get.<br /><br />By most accounts based on real-life Soviet gunrunner Viktor Bout (currently in U.S. custody), Lord of War made twice as much money overseas as it did in America. Certainly, I had never heard of it. With an R rating and plenty of graphic violence not to mention drug use, this is definitely a film for mature audiences.<br /><br />Having said all that, I think this is an excellent film. Unlike many recent examples of Nic Cage pulling down a paycheck, he is both less likable and more believable here. While simultaneously glorifying and dehumanizing Cage's Yuri Orlov, director Andrew Niccol presents a reality where a long line of willing successors is ready to take his place. The world needs guns like it does food or water.<br /><br />This isn't another Bruckheimer/Bay pyrotechnics orgy. While explosions have not been completely excised, Lord of War is actually closer to Oscar-darling Blood Diamond, released over a year later. The latter cost twice as much to make. To be fair, it also earned more than twice as much in revenue.<br /><br />I am not always a proponent of voiceovers, but at least it is consistent in timbre and frequency here. Bridget Moynahan is stunning, Jared Leto is very good as the black sheep brother, however I feel the Interpol agent could have been played by someone with less star power than Ethan Hawke, who for some reason was channeling Peter Berg.<br /><br />The film's opening (the life cycle of a round of ammunition) sets the tone. My other favorite scene is the stripped Antonov An-12. (No spoilers here; see--and enjoy--for yourself.)<br /><br />NOTE:<br /><br />Director Andrew Niccol was said to have purchased real AK-47s for filming because they were cheaper than prop guns. That may be so, at least in the former Eastern Bloc Czech Republic where filming took place, but Niccol is laboring under the misconception that reducing access to firearms will reduce crime in the real world. (As if criminals followed all the rules!) In fact, the opposite is true. American cities like Chicago and Washington, D.C. have historically had much higher incidence of violent crime while also having the highest barriers to individual gun ownership.<br /><br />\\"I hope the United States takes note that the murder rate is lower where gun availability is lower.\\" [Article link in Comments section below.]er the misconception that reducing access to firearms will reduce crime in the real world. (As if criminals followed all the rules!) In fact, the opposite is true. American cities like Chicago and Washington, D.C. have historically had much higher incidence of violent crime while also having the highest barriers to individual gun ownership.    \\"I hope the United States takes note that the murder rate is lower where gun availability is lower.\\" [Article link in Comments section below.]
1444710338|5.0|My husband and I are both successfully following this diet, which is clearly explained in the book.  With food examples and counseling sprinkled throughout it is an easy read and easy to follow.
B002AWJEU8|4.0|Loving Zappa, I have found many excellent musicians that performed with him.  Stevie Vai did an excellent orchestration and sound quality in this cd.  If you  appreciate real music check it out.
B004YSDRC2|5.0|This season seems to be among the best episodes I have seen of the show.  Nice to know, when we Yanks can only produce reality TV, there is something else to watch.
B0052U59F4|3.0|It might be the twilight fan in me, but I preferred the story with Edward and Bella as the main leads. Christian and Ana are fine and the book is still an ok read, but not as good, because the readers of the fanfic already had a connection to the characters even if it was in a different setting. In a fanfic, even if the characters are completely OOC, there are at least a few characteristics that are similar to the ones in the original book; Edward and Bella from MOTU and Christian and Ana from FSG, are quite similar to the original Edward and Bella.Edward and Christian for example are both brooding, mysterious, feel unworthy of love etc; likewise Bella and Ana are both inexperienced yet mature, lack a sense of self-preservation etc. Overall, ok bok, but better as a fanfic because there is a certain enthusiasm when reading a fanfic because the readers obviously are not ready to leave the characters created by Stephanie Meyer.
B004DI7HZ6|1.0|I have been struggling to read this book for months and I now I am officially putting it down. If it wasn't a Kindle Ed. I would probably burn it.<br /><br />Save yourself some time and read the 1-2 star reviews before you purchase. They are much more interesting and entertaining than the crap that Harkness tried to disguise as a real novel.
0553381687|5.0|Absolutely one of the best books I have ever read! I am totally addicted and have now read the second book and started book 3. I am also watching the series on TV. I love the real life feeling that he brings into the story. People do need to go to the bathroom, there is a lot of violence in the world and people can become tough and fight to live. The magic added is a wonderful touch to this mid-evil world in which I can't wait to see who wins the Game of Thrones!!
B000Z27HLS|5.0|I hadn't expected this movie to be so funny!  It's a farce, but sweetly done.  Jane Austin is poking fun at the \\"women's novels\\" of her day, but she does it with great insight and humor.  The actors understood the joke, and played their parts beautifully.  I highly recommend this production...
B004E2XAFW|5.0|W.T. is the best band for me, and with that album...continue as the best!  I loved so much Where is the edge and Faster!
B004LAIU4I|4.0|It's amazing how as we get older and closer to death, the spiritual tones come out and are reflected in music. This was an enjoyable escape to once again savor Paul Simon's style and grace within his music. I recommend all his fans to try this and sit back and remember when!
B000BSNPRG|4.0|But the video isn't so good...  At least the sound quality is really good...  I just miss an orquestra for this one...
B0042X9L6A|4.0|Been using this flash for about a month.  Overall it's a good product. Seems to give good results even though I don't understand all there is to know about how to use it. Direction about use are at best adequate. Some \\"how to do\\" a given task are very poorly described. Also notice that the 3 preflashes for the unit to determine flash output are very distracting and bright in some camera modes.  Probably a situation where I'm still not familiar with how the flash should work.  Hoping to figure it out as I use the unit more.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|as always popcap made a great game here. addictive and fun. I often find myself losing track of time playing this game.
B001OGNJYI|5.0|Everyone needs some good oldies in there music library.I am a huge fan of Otis Redding and this is the 3nd album I have purchased by the artist. Buy this album if you want some SOLID OLDIES that you can play without having to worry about what annoying track is coming up nextto skip. Buy this is you want to dance your kitchen belting \\"sitting on the dock of the bay... wasting time\\" Buy this if you want to feel good. I promise I don't work for the album, but if I did, I would seriously try and score some more albums!
1416550550|5.0|A delightful read, full of surprises and sweet story.  Have shared with some friends and then checked out other books by Kate Morton from the library.  Line was too long to wait for the Forgotten Garden so own my copy now.
B001Q1QF2O|4.0|I like this album, it is along the lines of Kate Nash, Florence & the Machine, and Regina Spektor, so if you like any of those artists, you will certainly enjoy this album. If you only have a dollar, spend it on \\"Him\\", upbeat, boppy/groovy style or if you've been thinking a little more about your EX lately or someone you don't like go with \\"F==K you\\" Upbeat, but the lyrics are great.
B003UESJH4|1.0|sad to say this was not a good movie some of the actors are good but the plot????? you would never call the prince of Wales Bertie especially from a person off the street   his family would have used that phrase,and the person that was suppose to be Churchill left a lot to be said, may be this was because the people that made the movie never bothered to check this out,or check news reels, when the Prince of Wales's brother abdicated the throne and his brother the prince of Wales became King, shortly after that was the beginning of WW11 all in all not a very good movie just another version of how it was viewed from an modern American directers point of view or how they thought it should have been, just wish they would do there home work and get it right instead of chopping it up like they did,
B002COTI64|4.0|If your into Lilly Allen [[ASIN:B001JFP7GW It's Not Me, It's You]], Lykke Li [[ASIN:B001B92EBC Youth Novels]], the fray, this is around the same genre and style. If you only have a dollar and what upbeat Regina go with \\"The calculation.\\" If you want a more serious mellow song go with \\"Laughing with\\" Some songs have strong Chirstian themes like \\"Human of the Year.\\" Just so you know, if that floats your boat or not.. you know. Enjoy!
030745455X|4.0|The Girl Who Played With Fire is a fine sequel to the Dragon Tattoo, the first book in the Millennium series. More is disclosed about the heroine Lisbeth Salander in this second instalment, and even though this volume takes time to get off the ground - the first 200 pages are slow-going - the pace eventually picks up very nicely. The ending is particularly strong, though you must be warned that it leaves you committed to reading the third book in the trilogy. In effect, you are signing up to 1,200 pages of Lisbeth Salander. But it is all quickly read and entertaining enough.<br /><br />The Millennium trilogy was published posthumously. Stieg Larsson was a journalist and left-wing activist, though he also produced science-fiction short stories in his youth as co-editor of a sci-fi magazine. Larsson died in 2004 of a heart attack. Apparently he had money troubles but had long said that money did not bother him, since he could always write a few thrillers and make a success out of it. Sadly, he had yet to publish the Millennium novels when he died, and he never knew the huge international success they have become.
B004BSIJ9Q|5.0|I don't listen to hip hop and r&b, but I do enjoy it on occasion, or working out, or getting ready for a night out with the ladies. I like this album  because it's a good mix and the added piano is a nice touch. I originally bought it on sale for 5 bucks MP3 download and it was a good deal, even though its costs more now.. I would still buy it. \\"Power\\" is my favorite off the album.. gets me pumped and moving.
030726999X|4.0|This third volume of the Lisbeth Salander or Millennium trilogy lives up to the first two. It is best to say the least possible about the plot, but this sees Blomkvist return to a more prominent role, even if Salander remains the series' heroine. A strong and rewarding ending.<br /><br />The Millennium trilogy was only published posthumously. Stieg Larsson was a journalist and left-wing activist, though he also produced science-fiction short stories in his youth as co-editor of a sci-fi magazine. Larsson died in 2004 of a heart attack. Apparently he had money troubles but had long said that money did not bother him, since he could always write a few thrillers and make a success out of it. Sadly, he had yet to publish the Millennium novels when he died, and he never knew the huge international success they have become.
B003UD7JEE|4.0|I am definitely not in the target demographic for this series, but I had liked the character of \\"Nikita\\" in its previous incarnations, so I decided to take a look at the pilot.  To be honest, I had expected that \\"Nikita\\" would turn out to be just another piece of CW fluff.  Instead, I was rather pleasantly surprised.  The writing is good, although a bit delusional in a teen-age fantasy sort of way.  The cast is very strong, however, and even when I am not entirely enamored of the plot, I find that half-way through the story I still want to stick around to discover how things turn out,and to root for my favorite bad guy, Xander Berkeley. This version of \\"Nikita\\" is not as paranoid delusional as the Peta Wilson version, or especially the two films on the subject (\\"La Femme Nikita\\" and \\"Point of No Return\\"), but it's fun and engaging, and that's more than you can say about 99 percent of what passes for scripted television, these days.
B004YJZ5GM|5.0|[[ASIN:B004YJZ5GM Blues for Allah [180 Gram Vinyl]]]<br /><br />I've listened to this classic album countless times, but this is the first time I've ever heard it on (any) vinyl.  The only version I have is the 1995 CD from Grateful Dead Productions (GDCD 4001) which I bought when it was first released and it still survives.  While I know every note by heart, I haven't heard those notes like this before.<br /><br />The famous mastering engineer, Kevin Gray, mastered this album from the original analog tape, keeping it analog all the way to my stylus (and then to my tubes).  I heard details in this version that I could not hear on my CD.  The warmth, depth and dynamics are outstanding.  Kevin did a fantastic job.<br /><br />The gatefold jacket is sturdy, vibrant and colorful.  The vinyl is thick and nearly dead silent, I didn't hear one click or pop.  It comes with a plastic inner sleeve.  I will say that I do not like the barcode on the back cover.  That should have been placed as a sticker on the outer plastic sealed bag.<br /><br />I give this album and vinyl my highest recommendation, 5 STARS all the way.<br /><br />Limited to 5,000 pressings<br />Mastered by Kevin Gray at Cohearent Audio<br />Marketed by Audio Fidelity<br />Pressed at Record Technology Inc.<br />Manufactured by Rhino Records, a division of Warner Music Group
B00275EHJG|5.0|This movie was absolutely FANTASTIC. I watched it on On Demand a few months ago, and bought it on DVD. Here's what I love about this movie:    Story: The story is very ''touching,'' and makes you feel bad for Lotso, who was abandoned by his owner, Daisy. The saddest part was probably the finale, where Andy gives his toys to Bonnie, then drives off in the distance. The farther the car goes, the more sad it gets.  Toys: The variety of toys was great! I love that variety, and there are so many of them! If you like varieties of characters, watch this movie!  Bonus Features: The Bonus Features were O.K. I like the Filmmaker's Commentary best, though. I love behind-the-scenes footage.    List Of Bonus Features:  Day & Night: Theatrical Short  Buzz Lightyear-Mission Logs: The science Of Adventure  The Gang's All Here: A look at Returning Voice Talent.  3 studio Stories   Much, MUCH MORE!!!!!
B004VFYOA2|5.0|I am surprised by the reviewers who are rating down the product because of something which couldn't have been done better. You, Whitesnake lovers would be feeling better if there wouldn't be any video at all? I have seen worse video quality than that. The thing is that you can have it, watch it or listen to it, sound quality is superb. So put your snobish complaints aside and rate it for what it is - 5 star music event for generations to come. Stop spooking people away from buying this. There's no alternative to this release, is it?    My only little personal remark is since it has some early songs there, I would love to see Cozy Powel behind the drums, but maybe I will be lucky to live long enough to see the dvd release of the 1984 Donington DVD concert. Buy it and enjoy it.
B004TB6GQI|5.0|Although I don't listen to a great deal of contemporary music, my wife watches VH1 frequently, so I end up being exposed to some new music. One morning, I awoke to the sound of Christina Perri's \\"Jar of Hearts,\\" and it was captivating. After hearing it another time or two, we both knew that we absolutely had to get this. Since we first heard \\"Jar of Hearts,\\" I have learned to love \\"Arms,\\" and I keep hearing it playing over and over in my mind.<br /><br />So we waited until 10 May, at which time we got the CD from Amazon. This is the DeLuxe edition, which includes three extra tracks (total of 15). It is a wonderful CD, and we will undoubtedly get future CDs that Christina records. Today, for the first time, I noticed that there is now another edition that includes a DVD. Maybe we should have waited! No; we are very happy to have this CD, but we still might decide to get the combined CD/DVD edition later on.
0307454541|4.0|I picked up [The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo] after seeing the movie trailer, with the intent to finish the book before the movie releases later this year. I tore through the novel quickly, and I did obtain quite a bit of enjoyment, although the writing is a little rough around the edges.<br /><br />The plot involves a journalist named Mikael Blomqvist, convicted of libel and trying to clear his name; and Lisbeth Salander, a disturbed girl with a talent for research, teaming up to find Harriet Vanger, the missing daughter of a wealthy businessman. The story unfolds with the right combination of exposition and mounting tension, which is one of the most difficult aspects to nail down in a mystery story. The characters are full of personality, and offer plenty of laughs and shocks. This book definitely has what it takes to keep a reader interested.<br /><br />The quality of the writing leaves a bit to be desired, which is admittedly no fault of the author's, since the novel is translated from his native Swedish language. However, there are numerous instances in which some unnecessary detail was added, and it seems to serve as only as padding for an already lengthy book.<br /><br />Take note, this novel is not for the faint of heart, with explicit scenes detailing rape and torture. However, if you can stomach it, reading [The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo] is a worthwhile use of your time, even if the book isn't exactly a masterpiece as the hype would have you believe.
193413712X|4.0|I found this book thought provoking.  It caused me to think about all sorts of things and to feel.  It made me compare the childhood of children today with that of my parents and that of myself.  It seems that in each succeeding generation we learn to love our children more for being our children.  I must admit that there were times that the stream of conscience was laborious, and there were parts that I just plain lost the meaning.  There were also times that I wished I had not started it, but after I finsihed it, I thought maybe I should read it again. (I hate to quit a book.) In the end, I purchased it for a friend.  Would I recommend it?  Not for everyone, but only for those who like to ponder possibilities not in a rush.
B000FCKGPC|4.0|just finished on my kiindle and unlike some here i was not disappointed.  the pace is a bit slower than the others but no less entertaining.  glad i am a latecomer to the series as i can hardly wait for the fifth installment next month...i need my tyrion fix.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|WiFi Analyzer not only shows you which networks are nearby, but even helps with troubleshooting wireless performance. Must have app.
1401310400|4.0|Book 1 in the Nikki Heat series<br /><br />When I learned there was a novel on the market by Richard Castle, one of my favourite TV characters/ program, curiosity got the best of me. It appears this is creative engineering, a marketing ploy, an ingenious coup to make us believe the TV character Richard Castle is also a published writer. Who the author really is, is another mystery, judging by the writing style, my guess is that Castle's poker buddies (well-known writers) who make guest appearances in some TV episodes have a strong influence behind the hit series.<br /><br />The novel is entertaining and fun to read. The plotting is basic, creating a run of the mill crime story with some twists here and there. The narration is simple, short and sweet and the dialogue is similar to the characters on the TV show. The book's main characters have different names, Jameson Rook (Richard Castle), is the fictional award winning writer/reporter suffering from a dry period. With the help of his political connections, he is given the opportunity to shadow Nikki Heat (Kate Beckett) and her team of NYPD detectives, hoping to gain ideas for a new book. Nikki is far more aggressive in her relationships and deals with the continual presence of Rook in a different manner than her TV counterpart Kate but the other characters play similar roles, the exception is Alexis, Castle's daughter, who has yet to make an appearance.<br /><br />As you can see, while reading this novel, I found it hard not to make comparisons with the TV program, it was easier to visualize the characters, and they really came alive in my mind.<br /><br />The story \\"Heat Wave\\" is based around the investigation into the murder of real estate magnate, Matthew Starr, whose body was found at the base of his penthouse apartment. Detective Heat and her shadow (Rook) are assigned the case and as in the TV show, he constantly second guesses her observations adding humour by teasing her along the way..<br /><br />Readers should get a kick out of this novel, I did. It may not measure up to best but after watching and enjoying the TV show it is hard not to like.. It may not measure up to best but after watching and enjoying the TV show it is hard not to like.
B002IKLZZY|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorites. This is one of the best movies that actually defined the whole \\"thriller\\" genre: an innocent layperson gets sucked into a plot and has difficulty in understanding what's happening to him. Cary Grant, playing a smug Madison Avenue ad executive, is swept into an international intrigue when he is mistaken for George Kaplan, a spy who is chased by the bad guys.<br /><br />The film is full of iconic images like the dust-cropper scene or the final battle on Mount Rushmore. Directed by Alfred Hitchcock, the film has its number of flaws -- the most famous being a kid in the Mount Rushmore cafeteria closing his ears before a gun is fired :-) However, the narrative thread is so strong, the plot and the characters sweep us along while we suspend all judgement and enjoy the ride.<br /><br />Cary Grant offers one of his top-notch performances as a handsome leading man on the run who always has time for a wisecrack or two. A MUST see film for movie fans of all ages. Highly recommended.<br /><br />To read more about this and other Cary Grant movies in-depth, see [[ASIN:B004VXNXCY Cary Grant 33: A Critical Analysis and Celebration of His 33 Films]].
B002ZG98UK|2.0|watched this Resident Evil: Afterlife on blu-ray 3D on my 3D TV.  I think the 3D effect on this movie is ok and not as good as I expected (read some reviews saying how wonderful the 3D effects this movie offers before I decided to purchase this blu-ray).  Another reason why I am disappoineted is probably because I watched \\"Open Season\\" blu-ray 3D the night before I watch the Resident Evil: Afterlife blu-ray 3D.  \\"Open Season\\" has far better 3D effects.  I know I am not supposed to compare an animated 3D movie to a filmed 3D movie but I can't help it as \\"Open Season\\" really has wonderful 3D effects.
B00005YJMX|5.0|I looked upon the box of the collectable VHS for years, wanting to open it and watch it, but not wanting to lose the value of the numbered limited edition. So I ordered it on DVD to watch. I was not disappointed and it's no surprise after hearing interviews with the great director Werner Herzog on NPR\\"S Fresh Air. I haven't seen the original with Max Schreck, but perhaps that is better so I see this as an original. The atmosphere going through the mountains towards the castle and through the villages of the peasants and the gypsies is perhaps one of the greatest I have ever seen on film.  Then the castle and the meeting with Dracula, is wonderful. Klaus Kinski is incredible as the Dracula character.  Did I like the changes from the original story? Perhaps not really that much, but I look on this as an original story in itself, and that makes it a true masterpiece. How could one forget the ship coming into the harbor with the captain attached to the steering? Lucy moving through the dancing characters and the fires. The ending was strange but then again, the whole story stands on its own from other verisons. Overall, I must say it was a wonderful experience from one of the great Film Makers.
B004UXUSIM|5.0|When the title of the movie rolled onto the screen, I said to my husband, \\"Wow, I like that font!\\"  He liked it too.  It's not often that a movie's font catches my attention, but this was the kind of movie where everything was delightful from the beginning to the end.  It was a romantic comedy; it was a philosophic view of modern times vs. the good ol' days; and Paris -- ah, Paris -- was as much of a character as the humans. I don't own many movies, but I will own this one!
0553386794|3.0|A friend highly recommended this series and it sounded like just my kind of story, strong characters, lots of detail, a little fantasy but not to much, etc.  At first I had a very difficult time getting into the story and nearly quit reading.<br /><br />I finally developed a fondness for the children of the main family and that kept me interested thruout and I've started the second book.  I plan on reading the whole series and I think it's ok but I have a couple of problems with the story.<br /><br />Strangely it's partly the amount of detail that's throwing me off. Detail is something I normally love because it makes the characters and the story so much more real to me. I think part of it is that so much of the detail in this story is about politics and battle strategy, two things that don't interest me at all.<br /><br />Another problem that I don't like is that there are soooooo many characters.  Each chapter is a different characters point of view and sometimes I get to a new chapter and I can't even remember who this person is.  There are about five character that I get excited to read a chapter about and the rest I force myself thru.
0061997811|5.0|not much to say just that its a Must have for every HP Fan... you will love this from beginning to end.
B001N1DPDE|4.0|did a lot of research to find the perfect \\"survival\\" knife, everything about it is great except the plastic stock handle. I made myself some custom micarta handles for it that fit snug in its sheath which is also very nice, tight at first but very reliable. Cant say enough good things, ive used it to cut down many small trees, skinned 2 pigs and 2 rattlers, and just about everything else i could find it useful for, holds an edge very well and is just great. * the stock edge that comes on it is very small and not too sharp, took it to knife store and let them redo the edge and sharpen it up for $4, very necessary i would say
B004E2XAFW|5.0|First of all, I was attracted to this album by my heart. I saw the cover and the album at a store but I didn't know they had a new album so when I arrived at home, I went on the internet to get information on the album, suddenly my heart was obsessed with this album. I did 5 stores to get the special edition, finally at HMV, I found it and started screaming in the store like a maniac.<br /><br />The special edition is worth it. I truly encouraged you to buy the special edition cd/dvd with the poster, booklet with lyrics and a special dvd, with videos and short films. Everything is so neat and perfectly done. Passion, care and emotions are included in this masterpiece.<br /><br />When I saw the video \\"Faster\\", I fell in love with the song, the voice, lyrics and visual too. The band is on fire, it's like an orchestra playing in a marvelous stadium. The song \\"Sin&eacute;ad\\" is mesmerizing, how can you resist to the melody, to the charming singer with a splendid voice and the musicians that complete perfectly the emotion of the song.....?<br /><br />To me \\"Stairway to the skies\\", is the follow-up of Led Zeppelin's \\"Stairway to heaven\\". I have shivers just thinking about the song.<br /><br />From the beginning of this album to the end, everything is strength, melody, beautiful lyrics, passionate musicians and the voice of a goddess. THis album is special and deserves to be classified as a classic. I am sure this album will pass the test of time and will stay a gift for all of us.....<br /><br />If you lost faith in music and buying cds, this is the one that will help change your mind. Don't hesitate and the more you will listen to it, it will grow on you and you will become addict.....<br /><br />This album is refreshing, from the heart and with passion. I will keep this album forever, with a special place in my heart. I was touched and feel priviledge to have @The Unforgiving@ in my possession and collection. Thank you so much @Within Temptation@<br /><br />Spike Diamond has spoken
0307272702|4.0|This book is a must-read and I want to congratulate the author for putting it together.  We need to change the paradigm of thinking that fat is the culprit and take a look at carbs...but we need to distinguish more than is done here in the type of carbs, and look at refined carbs versus healthier options. Also, eating more animals is poor for the earth (I heard the author on Uprising Radio further belittle this point) and, for many of us who don't wish to kill, a poor ethical option. While I agree we need to eat more protein and vegetables, we need to look at non-meat based protein sources. Keep in mind that when we talk about moving away from a carb based diet, we are challenging the system, the status-quo, the monied interests...and it will take a movement to make this happen. Let's make this happen in an environmentally sustainable, ethical way and, if so, I'm on board.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I like it better on my droid 2 than I do on my pc :) I haven't had any sort of problems running the game, and it looks great!
B003VB5E2E|5.0|I received this blu-ray DVD set in the mail from Amazon the same day that two houseguests arrived for a 3 night visit. Every evening for the three nights we watched a third of the performances...great music, excellent videography, my guests were awed!  They headed home to place an order for it too. Highly recommend. We kept a netbook handy and researched some of the performers on Wikipedia during the concert, that doubled our entertainment. Learn something new every day!
B002IFT1ZA|5.0|Having never read any of the \\"Song of Ice and Fire\\" series of fantasy epic books by George R . R. Martin's (with the fifth about to be released) has not proven a significant problem in following HBOs epic serialisation. Granted approaching the television series did require some care since the pre fanfare on Sky cast it as sort of \\"Lord of the Rings Lite\\" not least with the presence of Sean Bean. Happily this is not the case. For one \\"Game of thrones\\" is largely free of huge set piece battles, it also requires real patience since it is a series that slowly unfurls it glories through multiple plots and all kinds of political skullduggery. This is high fantasy for Machiavelli fans since \\"Game of thrones\\" has a \\"Il Principe\\" quality to it as rulers struggle to maintain or gain power through a mixture of the methodical exercise of brute force, deceit and downright treachery. Indeed some have suggested that it not so much Gandalf the Grey as James J. Gandolfini from the Sopranos.<br /><br />It is in addition it is beautifully filmed, has incredible sets and you almost shiver with the chill of Winterfell and the ancient Ice Wall. But at the heart of this series is tremendous characterization and intriguing plots which gradually weave together to great effect. And as with most HBO series this is a very liberal sprinkling of sex and violence, thus if you don't like this sort of thing please don't buy it.<br /><br />No review could do justice to all the characters so lets pick out a few. Bean is of course very solid as Ned Stark and so to is Michelle Fairley as his wife Catelyn. The emerging star of the Stark family however is the wonderful young actress Maisie Williams as their daughter Ayra who somehow dominates the screen everytime she comes on and grows in importance as the plot line evolves. Their primary enemies are the Lannisters who are a mixed bunch. For the life of me every time Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coster Waldau) enters the series I can help but think of \\"Lieutenant Templeton \\"Face\\" Peck\\" (Dirk Benedict) from the A Team! That said this family contains the two real stars of the series the beautifully twisted and power hungry English actress Lena Headey as Cersei Lannister and the utterly sublime Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister who brings new meaning to the term \\"poison dwarf\\". Cersai is the archetypical power behind the throne, cruel and bent of gaining power. She is beautiful but twisted and not in the least anxious about incestuous relationships , murder and deceit if they will seal power. Baddies always have the best lines and a classic is her lecture to Starks daughter which is a lovely piece of sarcastic realpolitik. As she questions \\"Do you have any notion what happens when a city is sacked, Sansa? No, you wouldn't, would you? All you know of life you learned from singers, and there is such a dearth of good sacking songs.\\" As for Dinklage his part of Tyrion the dwarf is an acting masterclass. He plays the part of this \\"half man\\" as a lecturous, whoring, rude, cunning and often hilarious character with such aplomb that he steals every scene and you feel almost guilty for liking him quite so much. His scenes at the prison at Eyrie or with the Mountain Clans of the Vale are some of the best as his survival instinct kicks in and he outmanoeuvres his capturers. Fantastic stuff and other honourable mentions should go Jason Momoa as Khal Drogo the powerful and violent horse lord and his surprisingly resilient wife Daenerys Targaryen played by the lovely Emilla Clarke.<br /><br />\\"Game of thrones\\" is made up of a predominantly British and Irish cast who demonstrate that our two little islands have talent to spare. It is series which more than lives up to advanced billing and HBO will thankfully be filming a second outing shortly particularly as the ominous threat of \\"winter coming\\" and all sorts of viciousness from the other side of the Ice Wall looms large. All in all it's a great series and should secure a prime position on the shelf near the Wire, the West Wing, the Sopranos and your other big box sets. Recommended without hesitation or deviation.he Wire, the West Wing, the Sopranos and your other big box sets. Recommended without hesitation or deviation.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I purchased this case for a white AT&T iPhone 4.  The case fits perfectly snug around the phone.  Once on the phone, it is definitely not coming off by accident.  The material has a firm soft rubber feel.  Some cases I have tried out have too soft of a rubber feel which does not stay securely on the phone.  Other cases are hard plastic and don't seem to provide a good grip because they are so smooth (I also have had bad experiences with hard plastic cases which end up rubbing against the phone and causing scratches).  This material is sort of in between and I really like it.<br /><br />The holes cut out for the camera lens, headphone port, volume & vibrate toggle buttons are large enough to easily access those ports with the case not getting in the way.  The clear look is nice (especially on the white iPhone).  I might have chosen the back of the case to be plain clear and not have the circle designs on it, but it's not that distracting.<br /><br />I chose not to use the screen protector that came with the case. I prefer the feel and smoothness of the glass on the phone, and also find screen protectors to be more susceptible to fingerprint smudges...so I cannot comment on the quality of the screen protector.<br /><br />Overall this is a solid case at a great price (especially compared to similar cases that sell for close to $30).  I would recommend this product.
B004IM14RY|1.0|I usually really enjoy Ryan Reynolds movies - however this one left me with a lot to be desired. It had a Blair Witch feel with only showing the main character in a casket for the entire flick. I was hoping for some resolution by the end, but story line was just not good.
B004PR71JC|5.0|We bought this after seeing how our daughter was rocking to the music during the movie.    She listened to this continuously for 2 weeks!
1573228737|4.0|This book was quite the departure from what I normally read. It was very dark, both literally and figuratively. The setting, Victorian England and Millbank Prison, was perfect for this sort of novel--Waters brought me to a place I have never been taken by an author. Millbank Prison was a fascinating place; the layout, the prisoners, the matrons, and the atrocities all left me breathless... intrigued in a completely voyeuristic way, as I certainly would not have wanted to be a participant on any level.    I wasn't a huge fan of Margaret Prior's, one of the main characters from whose perspective most of the novel is written. I certainly felt badly for her, but she never seemed to get out of her own way. She just sort of lied down and took everything people (and life) threw at her. She was weak. I think, though, that was Waters's point: she clearly highlights the idea of weak, oppressed women in Victorian England what with the ladies' swooning and frequent illnesses. This was an interesting look into the private lives of women during this time, although my studies in graduate school seem to point to people not having been nearly as oppressed as they are in Affinity. Then again, this oppression certainly makes for an interesting historical/sociological study in fiction (and I think this trend in critical theory is more recent than the publication of this novel).    On the other hand, I thought I really liked Selina Dawes, the Spiritualist prisoner at Millbank Prison to whom Margaret is attracted. She was meek, but she was not a weak character like Margaret. I greatly enjoyed her short journal entries interspersed throughout the novel... more so than I enjoyed Margaret's perspective.    I've just finished reading the novel, and I'm not going to lie, the ending has me more than a little ticked off. I'm so mad at the twist! Admittedly, I'm angry in the best way possible, and it made for great writing and saved what was, overall, a fairly slow-moving plot. I'm angry at Selina; I'm angry at Margaret... I don't want to say too much because I don't want to spoil this well-executed twist. Good job, Ms. Waters; your ending certainly has me sitting uncomfortably in your novel and it leaves me reeling still. A mark of a truly remarkable writer.
B0000696I0|4.0|Those pizza-scarfing reptiles and their tutor, Splinter the rat, are back again in a direct sequel to [[ASIN:6304698739 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles]].  Their friend, TV reporter April O'Neill (Paige Turco), having presumably been awarded a juicy check from the insurance company after the destruction of her curio shop and apartment by fire, has acquired an apartment and is putting them up till they can find a new headquarters (\\"The rat is the cleanest one,\\" she sighs as she cleans up their mess), and though the Turtles themselves are hyped and cocky, certain that the Foot Clan is crushed and Shredder's nosedive into a garbage truck has removed him from contention, Splinter has his doubts.  And, of course, the wise rat is right, for an intern at April's TV station is in fact a Foot spy.  When a chemical-company scientist (David Warner) is kidnapped from his lab by the Foot, it becomes clear that the mysterious green ooze that originally mutated Splinter and his \\"sons\\" wasn't the last of its kind--and, what's worse, not only has Shredder survived, but he plans to use it to get revenge.  With the help of a young pizza-delivery boy and martial-arts student (Ernie Reyes, Jr.), the Turtles set out to track him down and learn the truth about their origins.  The saucy humor and wild combat action of the first movie are still around, though it would have been nice to know what became of street vigilante Casey Jones, and the new home the Turtles discover--apparently a forgotten station from the early days of the New York subway system--is a splendid piece of set design.  Fans of the first movie shouldn't be disappointed.
B000003TA4|5.0|*Before I began writing my review, I noticed that a good deal of past reviews touched on the cultural legacy of Nirvana and the rise and fall of Kurt Cobain. While these topics are important and interesting, they aren't relevant to the quality of the album, thus I will refrain from writing about said topics while trying to focus solely on the album. This is for the sake of Amazon customers who just want to know whether its good music (which it is!) or not and don't care about musical politics.    This album is superb. A roaring Rock masterpiece that pleases from beginning to end. Nevermind kicks off with the infectious and rebellious riff of \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\" and continues with the quiet verse, loud chorus from there. Strangely many of the songs are both highly melodic and hard-edged, carrying an elegant pop melody complimented with a blazing, punk infused guitar accompaniment. The rhythm section also shines through with a thumping melodic bass and powerful drums. Lyrically, the songs can be difficult to understand. Cobain chooses to write with lyrical abstraction, combining seemingly unconnected lines that all contribute to a main theme. Most of the songs do not contain a narrative, so don't hurt yourself trying to look for one. Overall, an impressive album recommended for those who love Alternative music, Rock music or just anyone in general.
B005342N58|5.0|After a departure from their original sound with \\"Humbug\\", Arctic Monkeys are officially back.  \\"Suck It And See\\" is an album that shows the sheer versatility of this band with a number of great pop tunes.  When I say \\"pop\\", I don't mean something you'd hear on the Top 50.  Many of their songs on this album have a more relaxed feel than previous records.  The standout tracks, for me, come at the end of the album with \\"Suck It And See\\" and \\"That's Where You're Wrong\\" which evoke a \\"Cornerstone\\"/\\"505\\" type sound.  Most songs on this album follow this same type of sound, aside from \\"Library Pictures\\".  Although this song isn't about anything in particular, the sound is great and sounds like a song that would've fit in well on \\"Favourite Worst Nightmare\\".      Although I don't believe \\"Suck It And See\\" is their best album yet, I still listen to it on repeat.  It's refreshing to see them break away from their \\"Humbug\\" days and return to what makes Arctic Monkeys so great.
B003L20IJM|4.0|This movie was not quite as good as the first movie for me. Nanny McPhee lost some of her oomph. She's slightly more comical, and the lessons left something to be desired. The movie is wonderful comic fun. My kids realy liked it. The first movie was a bit more serious in nature, but with lots of fun. This movie is all out fun. It's seriousness is drowned out by loads of silly comedy (goofball brother in law-- hit women--swimming pigletts--and burping crow). There were some unresolved issues that I didn't like concerning the cousins, but I realy liked the end and who the old woman turned out to be. That was fun, and unexpected. All in all I really liked this movie, and would recomend it for it's clean family fun.
B003UESJHY|4.0|The Fighter (biography, drama, sport)<br />Directed by David O. Russell<br />Starring Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, Melissa Leo and Amy Adams<br /><br />Paramount Pictures   2010   116 min   Rated R   Released Mar 15, 2011<br /><br />Video:<br />Video codec: MPEG-4 AVC<br />Video resolution: 1080p<br />Aspect ratio: 2.40:1<br /><br />Audio:<br />English: DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1<br /><br />Subtitles:<br />English, English SDH, French, Spanish<br /><br />Discs:<br />50GB Blu-ray Disc<br />Digital copy (on disc)<br />DVD copy<br /><br />The Film 4/5<br /><br />It's not easy to make a movie about boxing. The fights have to look realistic and there's the problem of the plot.<br /><br />Rocky won three Oscars and tells the story of an underdog who overcomes the odds. That's the obvious feel-good storyline that will suck in most viewers. Then there's Scorsese's Raging Bull, with two Oscars, which some regard as the best movie of the 80s. Clint Eastwood bravely showed the dangers of boxing in Million Dollar Baby and the movie scooped four Oscars.<br /><br />So there's clearly plenty of interest in boxing among moviegoers. Is The Fighter in the same league as the three boxing movies mentioned above? What could it possibly do that hadn't been done before? The Academy liked it, nominating it in seven categories and awarding Oscars to supporting actors Christian Bale and Melissa Leo, but why should you watch it?<br /><br />Like Raging Bull, The Fighter portrays real events, showing the lives of brothers Micky Ward (Wahlberg) and Dicky Eklund (Bale). The movie also has strong characterization. This is not a story focusing on boxing; it's a story about how the dynamic in Micky's family influences his career.<br /><br />Early in the movie, we get a feel for how things will develop. Dicky is the focus of attention and completely overshadows Micky in every situation. Alice (Leo), their mother, clearly favors Dicky. She barely acknowledges anything that Micky says. The family group is completed by Micky's sisters who always seem to be shouting and trying to attract attention. The result is utter chaos when the whole family appears together on-screen. Instead of shouting even louder to make himself heard above the din, Micky tends to keep quiet. I adopt the same strategy when I'm in a room full of people that don't have any interest in what I'm thinking.<br /><br />Dicky is famous in Lowell, Mass. for once knocking down Sugar Ray Leonard, but at 40, his dreams of a comeback have little chance to become a reality. He spends his time smoking crack and is unreliable. He's supposed to be training Micky, but often fails to show. Dicky and Alice arrange Micky's fights and match him with an opponent who is 20 pounds heavier. Micky takes a beating and loses his fourth fight in a row.<br /><br />Micky's fortunes improve when he dates Charlene (Adams), who works in his local bar. She's intelligent, brutally honest, and actually seems to care about what he thinks. Micky's family hates her, but she's strong and stands up to their abuse. When Dicky is arrested and jailed, Charlene persuades Micky to work with a new manager. He is matched against weaker opponents and starts to win. His career quickly improves and he is given the chance to face tougher opponents for more money.<br /><br />It's here that the movie starts to show real character development. Micky's confidence grows and he starts making more of his own decisions. Alice vows to be a better mother. The biggest change of all concerns Dicky. Prison changes him and he avoids drugs and starts to train. He wants to leave prison a better man and be a positive influence on Micky's life. There's a huge power struggle when he's eventually released.<br /><br />All of the main actors turn in good performances. Wahlberg trained four years for the part because the movie was continually delayed. Bale portrays Dicky well and it's hard to argue with his Oscar win (although Geoffrey Rush gave a great performance in The King's Speech). Leo was annoying throughout, but that's the whole point. Her character was supposed to be the main cause of conflict. Adams did well with her limited role, but it was too small to merit serious Oscar consideration. She'll have better roles than this.<br /><br />The boxing scenes look real and were filmed using HBO crews. Although he didn't say much, Wahlberg looked like a boxer.<br /><br />What is the movie really saying? Is it showing us that it's never too late to change? Is it asking us to question choices between career, family and romantic partners? Is it saying that you should never give up on your dreams? It touches on many themes.<br /><br />Video Quality 4.5/5<br />The transfer is strong in every department, displaying the gritty world of The Fighter accurately. Detail is good and colors look natural. This is a drab world, but it seems full of life. Take a look at bricks or clothing and it's easy to see intricate details.<br /><br />Audio Quality 4.5/5<br />The DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 mix matches the picture quality. Some of the song choices were inspired and I particularly enjoyed hearing The Breeders' Saints included on the track. All of the songs sound strong and affect the mood. This is a noisy movie, whether it's a family argument, a bar scene, a street brawl or action in the ring. The surrounds will get a good workout and place you right in the middle of the action.<br /><br />Special Features 3/5<br /><br />The extras are all presented in full high definition:<br /><br />Commentary - Director David O. Russell gives his thoughts on the movie and the reason behind some of the choices.<br /><br />The Warriors Code: Filming The Fighter (29:57) - A good \\"making of\\" feature.<br /><br />Keeping the Faith (8:33) - The real Ward and Eklund families talk about boxing.<br /><br />Deleted Scenes (16:53) - With optional commentary.<br /><br />Theatrical Trailer (2:32)<br /><br />DVD (with digital copy)<br /><br />The Fighter isn't an easy movie to watch. That's not because it is bad; it's a reflection on the subject matter. It would be hard to exist within such a chaotic family unit and it's actually painful to experience at times. The setting is drab and gritty and it's not a particularly pleasant journey. That's all intentional and is a compliment, but it's not exactly fun to experience. If you like drama, character development and boxing, you'll love The Fighter. If you just want boxing action, there are a few better options. Russell has crafted a good film worthy of its Best Picture nomination.<br /><br />Overall score 4/5her limited role, but it was too small to merit serious Oscar consideration. She'll have better roles than this.    The boxing scenes look real and were filmed using HBO crews. Although he didn't say much, Wahlberg looked like a boxer.    What is the movie really saying? Is it showing us that it's never too late to change? Is it asking us to question choices between career, family and romantic partners? Is it saying that you should never give up on your dreams? It touches on many themes.    Video Quality 4.5/5  The transfer is strong in every department, displaying the gritty world of The Fighter accurately. Detail is good and colors look natural. This is a drab world, but it seems full of life. Take a look at bricks or clothing and it's easy to see intricate details.    Audio Quality 4.5/5  The DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 mix matches the picture quality. Some of the song choices were inspired and I particularly enjoyed hearing The Breeders' Saints included on the track. All of the songs sound strong and affect the mood. This is a noisy movie, whether it's a family argument, a bar scene, a street brawl or action in the ring. The surrounds will get a good workout and place you right in the middle of the action.    Special Features 3/5    The extras are all presented in full high definition:    Commentary - Director David O. Russell gives his thoughts on the movie and the reason behind some of the choices.    The Warriors Code: Filming The Fighter (29:57) - A good \\"making of\\" feature.    Keeping the Faith (8:33) - The real Ward and Eklund families talk about boxing.    Deleted Scenes (16:53) - With optional commentary.    Theatrical Trailer (2:32)    DVD (with digital copy)    The Fighter isn't an easy movie to watch. That's not because it is bad; it's a reflection on the subject matter. It would be hard to exist within such a chaotic family unit and it's actually painful to experience at times. The setting is drab and gritty and it's not a particularly pleasant journey.That's all intentional and is a compliment, but it's not exactly fun to experience. If you like drama, character development and boxing, you'll love The Fighter. If you just want boxing action, there are a few better options. Russell has crafted a good film worthy of its Best Picture nomination.    Overall score 4/5
0792839730|4.0|This is a rousing war movie, much like \\"The Longest Day.\\" A laundry list of major actors--Sean Connery, Michael Caine, James Caan, Robert Redford, Laurence Olivier, Gene Hackman, Dirk Bogarde, Liv Ullman, Elliot Gould, Anthony Hopkins, Ryan O'Neal, Maximilian Schell, et al. In short, a typical all-star cast for a movie like this. The director? The redoubtable Richard Attenborough.<br /><br />The focus of the story is the effort to take the bridge at Arnhem, to speed the destruction of Nazi Germany. Eveerythging depends on the forces staying to a rigid schedule. English paratroopers drop into Arnhem, to hold the place until supporting troops reinforce them.<br /><br />The problem? The schedule cannot be adhered to. English and American troops fall behind the schedule, leading the advance paratroop elements to fall into a perilous situation.<br /><br />The movie explores the effort of support soldiers to come to the aid of those paratroopers in Arnhem. Much individual heroism is exhibited in this movie, as we watch familiar figures in action.
0061433047|5.0|I have read this whole series and I think this last one is incredible! Tiffany Aching is a character I wish I would have created. I never grow tired of her. Terry Pratchett's Discworld in this series is so much fun and creative. There were times I laughed out loud. Terry, please give us another book about Tiffany! What a fun, fun book!
B0034G4P80|4.0|Thor is a difficult comic hero to bring to the big screen, but director Kenneth Branagh (Hamlet) has pulled it off with ease. What helps though is that Chris Hemsworth is perfectly cast as Thor and Tom Hiddleston is as well cast as his evil brother Loki. Plus, unlike with Iron Man 2, you get plenty of action to please you as well.<br />  Roger Ebert hated Thor and thinks that every Marvel film since Spider-Man 2, just hasn't been as good. However, Thor is the way it should be. What is a good comic adaption according to Ebert anyway, was Thor supposed use his powers to deliver pizza ? Was he supposed to spend half the movie pouring his heart out to Natalie Portman's answering machine as she just stands there listening looking annoyed ?<br />  After Thor loses his powers when he comes to Earth, was he supposed to strut down the street with a smile on his face as the song \\"rain drops falling on my head\\" plays ? No! Thor works as a magical and macho fantasy and that's exactly what a Thor movie should be!
B004ZISVWC|1.0|Everything that's enjoyable about this movie is in the trailer, the rest is just pathetic.  One of the worst movies I have ever seen, and I was really eager to see this :(
B004LWZW42|5.0|In this movie you witness the beginnings of the leaders in the X-Men Movies, which I personally love.  You watch as Eric, aka Magneto, once a young boy who adored his mother was forced to watch her die because the Nazis, specifically Sebastian Shaw played by Kevin Bacon, wanted to witness his power.  With each scene you can almost understand how Magneto was almost forced into having the bad guy mentality because of his childhood at the hands of Shaw.  You see Charles aka Professor X when he was young, taking a young mutant Raven aka Mystique into his home after she breaks in in search of food.  You get to watch him as a young man, still walking, a born charismatic leader.  When Shaw decides to start World War III in an attempt to absorb all the power and to decimate the race of average human beings, the FBI turns to Charles who begins to assemble a team of other mutants in an effort to fight back before the human race is destroyed. What follows is a fast paced and gripping action movie as Professor X and his team race to prevent Shaw from destroying every average human on earth.<br /><br />I guess I should probably be a little more critical of this movie.  I'm not usually a hand out five stars kind of reviewer, however I really can't think of much bad to say about it.  I mean the scene where Professor X got shot and became paralyzed I think could use a little bit more.  Not so much emotionally but I guess I was expecting a little more action in him losing the loss of his limbs than it being a random accident that wasn't even directed at him.  Other than that though I loved this movie.<br /><br />Not only is it thrilling  drawing you in from the first minute, but the way it pulls you in to who Eric and Charles are as people is stunning.  There's real character development in this movie.  For the most part with movies you just take a character at face value, it doesn't offer the opportunity to really know them in the way a book does.  This movie, those two characters you feel connected to them.  You can't even bring yourself to hate Magneto when he changes sides after murdering Shaw.  It's near to impossible to blame him for his decision to become the person he does become, nor can you blame Mystique for hers.  Many of the characters in this film are extremely well developed and easy to connect to.<br /><br />There's an awesome appearance from Hugh Jackman, aka Wolverine where he tells Eric and Charles to f%&$ off before they even have the chance to recruit him.  I personally loved that scene.  You meat a lot of new characters with amazing abilities and even discover how the beast became blue.  I can't imagine a single scene in this movie which isn't interesting.  Each scene has you on the edge of your seat unable to look away for fear that you'll miss something.<br /><br />And it's also bonus that pretty much every guy in a major role is a pleasure to look at as well as an excellent actor.  Overall, X-Men: First Class[Image] is a definite must see for anyone who enjoys the X-Men Franchise films or action movies in general.ted to them.  You can't even bring yourself to hate Magneto when he changes sides after murdering Shaw.  It's near to impossible to blame him for his decision to become the person he does become, nor can you blame Mystique for hers.  Many of the characters in this film are extremely well developed and easy to connect to.     There's an awesome appearance from Hugh Jackman, aka Wolverine where he tells Eric and Charles to f%&$ off before they even have the chance to recruit him.  I personally loved that scene.  You meat a lot of new characters with amazing abilities and even discover how the beast became blue.  I can't imagine a single scene in this movie which isn't interesting.  Each scene has you on the edge of your seat unable to look away for fear that you'll miss something.     And it's also bonus that pretty much every guy in a major role is a pleasure to look at as well as an excellent actor.  Overall, X-Men: First Class[Image] is a definite must see for anyone who enjoys the X-Men Franchise films or action movies in general.
B001IHJ97E|3.0|I love the idea that ideas/feelings can be transferred, even commanded, between brains; that'd be great for the therapists that would be required after that technology was created!  The sub-story of a love gone bad, but rekindled, was nice.  For those reasons I bought it.    That all said, even when I watched it when it came out in theaters (when acoustical modems were on the way out), the spoiler of the movie was not the recording device, holographic film, or simple external headsets for transference: it was using an acoustical modem to access the corporate database and playback mechanism, as well just using the phone system--it wasn't even cast in a futuristic light where at least fiber optics could handle the load.    I got the movie for the love story, fighting against the corporate/military machine, and exploration aspects.  It's a three because of the major detractors; otherwise I'd make it a four.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|Lady gaga is the most GENIUS!! women in this planet! for so long ive waited for a true reall artist like this to come into the music industry and FINALLY MY WISH HAS COME TRUE! so i wanna start of by saying that she is my LIFE! i cannot live a day with out listening to her CD's Something  about the music she makes just makes u very happy.....i wanna say that this album is the best album of the decade  hands down! not a single song on this album i skip she was so right about all of them being hit! and already the album went platinum in just a week so proud of mother monster i love her to death like words i cannot  describe how much she means to me!
B000UAFDP2|5.0|THE GOOD:<br /><br />First, the video quality of the blu ray disc is superb.  The special effects are out of this world (pun intended).  Considering this movie was made in 1997, it is nothing short of amazing.<br />Second, the score by Basil Poledouris is brilliant and adds substantially to one's enjoyment of the film.<br />Third, the direction by Paul Verhoeven is spot on in making the characters seem real.<br />Fourth, with one exception, the casting very credible.<br /><br />THE BAD:<br /><br />Denise Richards is seriously miscast.  She goes through the movie looking like a lost puppy, trying to please whoever is around.<br /><br />THE UGLY:<br /><br />There is a flaw in the way this run of discs were produced.  Normally, a BD-Live enabled disc checks if external memory is available.  If it is, it loads content to that storage for use by the viewer.  If not, it loads the movie.  The problem is that this run of discs checks for external memory, but simply stops if none is found.  Although it will run with as little as 512MB of external storage, use at least 1GB or other BD-Live discs won't play as long as the storage is in the player.<br /><br />Now for some additional opinion.  The movie stands on its own.  Whether it is true to the book or not, is secondary.  Some reviewers have stated that the film is a parody of Nazism, but I have a different impression.  It shows a system that rewards those who provide a certain level of service to society as a whole.  Since we are a society that gives the best parking spaces to the handicapped, this is foreign to us, but it does possess a certain logic.
0307346617|4.0|Imagine for a moment that some type of plague starts making it's way from person to person.  It's spread by a bite.  You see your next door neighbor, whom you've known for years, staggering towards you across your lawn.  You're not going to run away.  You're going to think something is wrong and that they need your help.  You go to them.  They suddenly bite you.  You freak out and leave them there and go inside.  Well, now you're infected and will soon start acting like the neighbor you just ran away from.  But first, while inside, you call 911 and tell them something is wrong with your neighbor.  The cops or other emergency people show up only to have some of them bitten while trying to subdue your neighbor.  Now they're infected.  See how easy this spreads and how it could turn epidemic before anyone realized there was a problem?  Before you know it, the entire world is overrun with \\"zombies\\" and each country has to take a stand before there are no humans left.  All of this actually took place prior to this book, as this book is survivor interviews ten years after the fact.  It's scary.  It's scary that something similar could possibly happen one day.  It scary to think we could have something on our hands that our military and every military in every other country across the globe are not prepared to deal with.     First of all, let me say that I have not read The Zombie Survival Guide by Brooks.  My understanding is that it was quite funny and that's what I expected this book to be.  I went into it thinking it would be kind of like watching a B movie, but in book form.  That is definitely not what I got.  This book is serious.  It's so serious that it could read like non-fiction war accounts if you take out the word \\"zombie\\".  Actually, this book is really a political/social commentary.  There are some parallels to things that are happening in our world right now and some speculation as to what may happen if things continue the way they are.  There are also somevery recognizable political figures in this book.  They are never actually named, but if you pay attention to the news, you will recognize them from description alone.      This is not a book for everyone.  I can easily see some people getting bored with it.  These are survivor accounts after all, so all of the action has already taken place and you have no surprise waiting for you at the end of the story.  There are no characters to get close to and identify with really, since there are a lot of survivor accounts and each person's story is only a few pages long.  What the book is, is a story about war.  It's about how it affects people and how each person handles it differently.  It's about fear.  It's about hope and sometimes feeling hopeless.  This is not your typical zombie book.  If that's what you're looking for, read something else.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|LOVED this book!! Jamie has such a way with words that keeps you wanting more! Beautiful Disaster is more than a book, its an addiction you can't get enough of! From the first sentence to the end you are in the book, she draws you in and doesn't let you go!!! This book has everything: love, drama, mystery, frustration..... Something for everyone. Great job Jamie!!!
B0042816YK|1.0|Julia is way old and oh god this movie is so freakin bad I cannot even begin to start.    avoid at all cost!!    bad acting...horrid evil vile yikes
0385523912|5.0|I read this book on the bus, as i was walking, in the coffee shop, at home, and finished it in a day - which is rather<br />rare for me.<br />It's the story of a few ordinary North Koreans, and how their life was turned upside down in the 1990s... which is the<br />beginning of a series of man-made catastrophes for North Korea. Anyone who wants to gain an insight into how it feels to live in North Korea should read this book.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|This is by far the best version of \\"Jane Eyre\\" I have ever seen.  I recently attended the newest version in theaters, and was extremely disappointed because it left out so much to fit into the two hour space.  Therefore, I was happy to see how well the Masterpiece Theater followed the story and the dialogue.  I have two versions of \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" the BBC version and the more recent A & E version.  Both are good, but I prefer the BBC.  I highly recommend this version of \\"Jane Eyre\\".  It is such a powerful romance.
B003SWNRU2|4.0|I was a big 80's Accept fan, seen them several times. By chance I saw them in May 2010 in Houston, texas while looking for a show to go see. They were incredible! The night before, Frank had a stage accident (breaking some ribs) and did not make the show. The others pulled off an A++ show! Kuddos to Wolf Hoffman. Peter has definitely gotten even better - phenomenal really.     Best songs are Pandemic, The Abyss, Bucketful of Hate, Rolling Thunder, New World Comin, Tuetonic Terror (also a video) in that order - skip the rest.    Thanks for a nice comeback and a great show Accept!
0205313426|4.0|This is a very reader-friendly little book. It outlines several principles in writing concisely and forcibly, and backs them up with examples. However, some points aren't elaborated and difficult to put into actions, therefore the readers need another book that is more detailed and instructional.<br /><br />Now reading the Style towards Clarity and Grace, I am hoping to get more instructions from it.
B0042816YK|5.0|I bought this movie w/o ever having seen it before.  Surprised to like it better than the book.  The book was like living my own struggle over again so the movie much more pleasant!  Beautiful scenery too.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Great game and port but HUGE bug. Once you finish the adventure mode, it for some reason installs 15mb off data on the phone even though I have the game installed on SD. I don't have that much room to spare so I had to delete my data. Really disappointing after finally beating it and unlocking quick game!
B004H7V6C8|2.0|The product packaging claims to educate kids about electricity. There is a poorly-written insert, but there is nothing particularly educational about this toy. There is a contact that uses electrical resistance to determine whether the blade turns blue or red, but this is not explained.
0066620996|4.0|Book was good, was recomended to me in a lecture.  Present some ideas that you did not see in other about bussiness.
B004WESFZW|4.0|The Adjustment Bureau is first and foremost a love story. It just happens to be set in the Twilight Zone. The onscreen chemistry between Matt Damon and Emily Blunt is electric and carries the movie through scenes, that when you stop to think about them, are fairly preposterous. Fortunately, it's easy to lose yourself in this beautifully photographed story of two people who struggle and race against fate to stay together and not worry too much about the metaphysics of the whole thing. The movie wears the cloak of its spiritual message lightly, and those who complain about its revisionist take on Judeo-Christian mythology miss the point. Just root for the lovers and enjoy the ride.
B0039UTDA6|5.0|Given as a gift to elderly parents ... great for someone who likes to watch nature shows. Something I think every person should have the opportunity to watch. Makes us appreciate what a great planet we live on.
B0041KKYEM|3.0|I hated it, so a one star. My wife loved it, a five star. So I'll give it a three.
B004LOMB2Q|2.0|Credit where credit is due... Evernote is a fantastic desktop note taking program. Moving from laptop to desktop to office, it is all pretty seamless and the types of input methods available, cover just about all bases.  However, in its foray into the mobile platform, Evernote falls flat on its face.    All the great note-taking features found on the desktop are reduced to a clunky, limited and unreliable state on the mobile platform (tablets and phones). Notes frequently fail to save, disappear or simply refuse to sync with the desktop version. Half-baked doesn't begin to cover it.    I am actively seeking a replacement product. I can't believe I actually considered paying for this.
B003Y5H51K|3.0|Riding the tremendous juggernaut of AVATAR, James Cameron executive produced SANCTUM, a 3-D story based on actual events.  Cameron didn't direct and the movie bombed at the box office and it's easy to see why.  Cameron's blockbusters were never lauded for their scripts but for his genius in creative film-making, visually breathtaking and stunning.  He also had the starpower of DiCaprio, Winslet, Weaver, etc.<br />SANCTUM doesn't have those hit making elements.<br />SANCTUM does have some chilling moments but the script's cliches and banal dialogue are tedious and uninvolving.  Some of the editing is sloppy and David Hirschfelder's score is routine and disappointing.<br />Richard Roxburgh is quite good as the cold-hearted leader and father; Rhys Whitfield is effective as the estranged son and Alice Parkinson is a good anti-Sigourney as the doomed girlfriend who makes three bad decisions.  But the Rod Steiger Overacting Award goes to Ioan Gruffurd's billionaire Carl whose descent into madness is almost laughable and unrealistic.<br />I would think Cameron is not proud of this misfire but maybe his obsession with AVATAR may have limited his vision.  At any rate, SANCTUM is ultimately a pretty average film.
B000QRIGLC|4.0|Captivating reading full of SEAL bravado.  It is easy to realize that the co-author is an excellent fictional writer.  When the majority decision was made on the mountain to release the three goat herders the Team in effect \\"Rang the bell\\" and no longer functioned as SEALS. What a tragedy, they made a command decision and the command got wiped out.
B00377V6J2|5.0|Can't say enough about how awesome this set is; after seeing it showcased on PBS a few weeks ago, I immediately bought the CD/DVD set on Amazon because I was just blown away. I've been a lifelong fan of SRV, but have only recently come across Albert King's work. Having these two legends on stage together -- and seeing/hearing their interactions with one another, especially before SRV became a household name -- all blends together into an epic performance. For the $14 I paid for it, I'm not sure I could have picked a better blues guitar set. I'll be blasting this in my office for years to come.
B000NVLE7O|4.0|This model is incredibly detailed and at over 500 parts a lot of which are very small and without the use of forceps or tweezers you are going to glue your fingers together during assembly.  The big differences between this kit and the tamiya kit are for one this one includes the railings as well as real metal chains as well as follacle sized nylon thread for the rigging.  The only improvements that could be made for this kit would be photoetched metal railings to scale and of course a large decal for the wooden deck planks or a paper thin slice of wood veneer.  I have seen a review of a tamiya kit with wood veneer attached however despite the spectacular job the modeler did on the rest of the kit it wouldve been perfect if he used multiple strips of wood veneer instead of one precision cut piece.  (THERE IS NO WAY IN HELL that any tree could be that tall or wide) this was in fine scale modeler.  What wouldve been really neat is if revell wouldve done what they did in their 1/48 scale flying fortress with its simulated wood grain on the tables, if they wouldve done this on the main deck of this ship I wouldve been very impressed.  (no need for a decal period with proper painting by using vallejo's new wood drybrushed on top of old wood and then washed with a black ink.)  with a few minor investments you could make this kit look so real if you placed it next to a picture of the real thing an onlooker wouldnt know which one was the model.    there are only 2 innaccuracies to this kit the oversized railings and the no simulated wood main deck.    regardless well worth the investment.  Especially considering Revells great no questions asked customer service where any part is replaced within a few days with no reciept required and completely hassle and cost free.  Unlike tamiya which gives you the run around makes you feel stupid then demands you pay a high price for a replacement part even if its their fault and demands you pay shipping on top of it.  good luck and happy building
B000009HF2|5.0|The top selling live album for quite a long time.  One of the greatest concert artists of all time!!
B004SB60OC|5.0|Probably the best CD i've bought in a long time...she has a beautiful voice and her songs are so beautiful...Has a jazzy tone musically ...I call her the American Adele, HIGHLY recommended to all
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I love this game! Ive had it for a couple of weeks now and have played it more than angry birds!
B004SKIPXW|2.0|If your getting this for the blu ray 3D save your money. I have a Samsung 55\\" Led 3D un55d7000 240 hz TV. This movie didn't look so good in 3D. I enjoyed the movie but the 3d was bad, There where some cool scenes with some good effects but over all I was disappointed with the 3D. I really hope the studios can start making some good live action films that pop, I know it can be done I watch the imax river 3d movie and the opening scene with the bubbles blew my mind,  if only other studios could make scenes like that.
B00005ATQM|5.0|I am rating the stereo layer only. These 24 bit 96 kHz tracks are much better than the Audio CD (and the black album CD is one exceptionally well recorded and mixed album in metal). This is the very top of sound quality I have heard in heavy metal.
B0002T88FS|5.0|Creedence Clearwater Revival - Chronicle The 20 Greatest Hits / Fantasy / 1998 / /    Track Listing  1. Susie-Q  2. I Put a Spell on You  3. Proud Mary  4. Bad Moon Rising  5. Lodi  6. Green River  7. Commotion  8. Down on the Corner  9. Fortunate Son  10. Travelin' Band  11. Who'll Stop the Rain  12. Up Around the Bend  13. Run Through the Jungle  14. Lookin' Out My Back Door  15. Long as I Can See the Light  16. I Heard It Through the Grapevine  17. Have You Ever Seen the Rain?  18. Hey Tonight  19. Sweet Hitch-Hiker  20. Someday Never Comes
B0052UZIFA|5.0|great little time waster (I've probably spent more time with this than I have with console games recently), and it's pretty easy on the battery too! works just fine on my Samsung captivate.
B004RZGUBM|5.0|Properly delineated tables of contents (marking chapters within each book), and textually thorough--even including Forster's 3-vol. life. Italicized words are indicated by all-caps. Some few illustrations by Phiz & Co. are included, but don't get excited: resolution is poor. But one goes to hardcopy for illustrations, and since Kindle users are mainly keen on ease of reading (and searching, highlighting, note-taking), this seems to me the best of the complete Dickens offerings.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|A friend of mine had shown me this knife and it looked pretty impressive.  So I went ahead and bought it, and now that I have had a chance to take a better look at it I feel even more strongly that this is a knife that will take anything you can throw at it without a hiccup.  It is really heavy duty.    I have not field tested it yet to any extent, but have only two possible negative observations so far.    1.  It is a heavy knife.  I don't think this is a negative at all, but I can see where if someone was doing something where weight was an issue they might want to consider a lighter knife.  The trade off then is less weight for less strength.    2.  This knife is a somewhat harder to sharpen than other knives I have due to the thickness of the blade and the angle of the bevel of the blade near the cutting edge.  Perhaps a more experienced user would not have any issue with this.    All in all a fantastic tool, and at a fairly reasonable price.
B004SBB0LU|1.0|All of the comments regarding loudness and compression are accurate.  Really a wasted opportunity.  Are we destined to have ring-tone and mp3 ready recordings going forward?  The recent Ozzy remasters, among others, suffer the same issues.
0071762345|5.0|I am a consultant who has done work for the author and his company.  I was blown away by the pre-publication edition that I read, and the print version is even better.  First, this is a tremendously practical book.  It gives incredible insight into the power of social media, as well as a great deal of easily followed \\"how-to\\" guidance.  Second, it is an easy read.  The business cases are well-chosen and really bring the pointers to life.  Third, it adds value from cover to cover.  In my opinion, too many business books make their point in the first chapter and then drag on afterward.  Believe me - if you start this book, you will finish it!
B004SBS8LA|5.0|anyone who claims this isn't the best game available on a smartphone is a schmuck. great graphics, fun game play and realistic physics. awesome game.
B002UXRGM0|1.0|So 2 Entertain was lazy and just imports the European version of this Bluray to America.  That means.. it runs on 50Hz, not 60.  Any some players... most notably.. the PS3, can not support this.  So now, I have Life, and I can't even watch it.  Please check your player compatibility before paying.
B004S699K4|3.0|It is twenty years after the original Halloween. Michael Myers is believed to be dead and everyone seems to be living in peace.  Two days before Halloween Dr. Sam Loomis's nurse house is broken into. His nurse and two teens are found dead. Miles away in California prep school Laurie Strode is hiding out from the brutal murders that happened twenty years ago. Now living under a pseudonym and with a teenage son, nightmares continue to haunt her. Unbeknownst to Laurie, Michael is on his way to first what he started twenty years ago.<br />Halloween: H20 is presented in a less than stellar video presentation. First up the video is presented in 1.78:1 aspect ratio instead of the film's original 2.39:1 aspect ratio.  This does not necessarily mean that we see less of the film as the film is presented in open matte format. The definition is better than DVD technology and upscale technology, but Echo Bridge could have done a better job with the transfer. Overall the video is lacking, but not totally disappointing. Nothing stands out when you watch this film. The blue on Janet Leigh's car is acceptable as all greens in the shrubbery surrounding the school. Once again no blu-ray or blu ray that I have seen is inferior to the DVD. Overall H20 scores 3 and half pumpkins out of 5.<br />The audio is another tricky feature of this blu-ray release.  Halloween: H20 sports a DTS-HD MA 2.0 lossless soundtrack. This is not most dynamic soundtrack out there, but not the worse. In no means am I defending this choice of soundtrack. The film stays mainly on the center position and for a movie like H20, which is not the worst thing in the world. I would be more visibly upset if this was Die Hard or Jurassic Park. Overall H20 scores two pumpkins out of five.<br />There are no special features so I have no choice but score this section a zero.  Halloween: H20 is the second best sequel in the original Halloween series. The movie is a well paced horror movie that horror fans and fans of this series will thoroughly enjoy. The acting is sound, the suspense and horror is on target, and direction is sound. Overall the movie scores four pumpkins while the disc scores only three. Echo Bridge could have done a better job and they could have done a lot worse. I picked this film up for under ten dollars, any price higher the purchase is not worth the buy.oroughly enjoy. The acting is sound, the suspense and horror is on target, and direction is sound. Overall the movie scores four pumpkins while the disc scores only three. Echo Bridge could have done a better job and they could have done a lot worse. I picked this film up for under ten dollars, any price higher the purchase is not worth the buy.
B004VUP8WK|4.0|Well let me be honest up front. I was disappointed in this album at first. But NOT because they evolved their sound. I was disappointed because it wasn't as different and \\"industrial\\" as everybody keeps mentioning.  That being said I heard this album and got right into it.  I haven't been a heavy Death Metal listener for sometime now.  Partially because I'm not angry at the world anymore and also because most of the Death Metal bands out there don't ever want to try anything new and evolve. I honestly got tired of the same thing over and over. Blessed Be the Ancient One that Morbid Angel have the guts to reinvent their sound.    This album is tough, fast, groovy, hard, eclectic and, I think, reminiscent of Pantera. In fact, I'm cranking I Am Morbid right now.  Who ever is saying this is \\"hip hop\\" style lyrics is missing the point.  This is a strong of strength and pride and triumph.  Powerful.  Metal needs more songs about valuing yourself and not just more destroy and tearing everyone else down. This is a step in the right direction.  Hail The Ancient Ones!
B004EPYZOO|1.0|This is seriously one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  A group of us all unanimously voted to turn it off after about 35-45 minutes.  I would not recommend that you even waste a dollar of your money.
B0040UAYI4|5.0|I was a 1st person shooter PC gamer from 2000 to about 2008.  Had kids starting in 2006 and my gaming time went away (would rather sleep than play, :) ).  I got a PS3 this year playing Madden and GT5.  Some of my coworkers talked me into buying COD Black Ops.  I knew I didn't like controllers, but thought I would give it a try to play with them.  I did okay for a newb, but it didn't compare to PC gaming with a keyboard and mouse.  One day I did Google search for \\"play ps3 COD with keyboard and mouse\\" and found forums and reviews talking about the EEConverter.  I read all kinds or reviews and problems, and I was skeptical.  I finally decided to purchase it, got it in, and started to update the firmware and map the keys.  PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU HOOK UP A MOUSE AND KEYBOARD THAT IS NOT ON THE COMPATIBLE LIST, MORE THAN LIKELY IT WON'T WORK!!! My kids Dell M&KB didn't work, so don't get discouraged just yet.  Like previously stated I was a PC gamer, so I had a PC gamer keyboard and mouse, plugged them in and I was set.<br /><br />Gaming on COD with the EEC is excellent!  The mouse feels a little different, but in my opinion, nothing like what was stated in other reviews.  I'm a happy customer and glad to game like I did years ago.  My gaming got much better almost instantly!!!!<br /><br />Tip:  Hit the PrintScreen (PrtSc) button on you pc keyboard after mapping your PS3 Keys, paste it to photo/drawing software, cut out the controller, and save it to a file, print to keep by you while learning where all of the keys are that you mapped.  Penguin United, it would be a good idea to put a small copy inside the package for people to right this down.
1400064287|1.0|It is not an interesting book as it is supposed to be by his title and table of contents. It could have been shorter (to follow its first advise), to be more provocative (to follow its second) and so on. The authors should rewrite it... following their own rules.
0307346617|5.0|A friend told me about this book and up to this point in my life, I've never been a Zombie fan. This book changed all of that for. I loved the story, the premise. It was just a fun read.
B000065V42|5.0|My son is a big fan of this series of movies.  He loves the shrink ray!  This is good clean viewing for a child.
B0034G4P8A|4.0|What is it with Hollywood and screwing around with great things?  If you are a fan of Marvel comics and Thor  you will know that he is seen wearing his helmet about 90% of the time.  Yet here he is seen with it on his head about, O, maybe 10% of the time??  Tops.  They just MUST have the pretty boy's face seen all the time for the girly factor.  Come on now.    As for the film itself?  Well the chick factor was MUCH higher than in the books but other than that I can honestly say that it was a terrific film.  The 3D was good, but not nearly as good as a film that I liked much better, Priest.    I would have given it 5 stars if they had the damn helmet on his head at LEAST 50% of the time (It looks so cool when Thor DOES have it on!) and if they had dropped the love factor down about 80%.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|The Twilight series of books/movies are my all time favorite.  I love the special features included on this DVD.  This was another piece to add to the collection.
1594202842|4.0|First off, I have to praise Amy Chua for having written this book and publishing it to the world! Because as a Chinese (American) myself, heck we sure like to keep all these parenting stuff a secret. Why? Well, for one thing...we just don't share a lot. We're a tight lip culture.    This is not a book about how to raise YOUR kids. Read it with a light heart!    This book is about her experiences raising two kiddos and sustaining a family. Thru triuphs and tribulations, she explored the ideal but tough ways to raise both her kids the traditional Chinese way. It's not a brag book (although I felt so at the first couple of chapters). I think Chua has a lot to brag about having come so far and having achieved so much..but it was not handed to her. So, she wants the same for her kids. Is that bad? No! But read on because everything in life doesn't always happen as planned.    Many of my friends who were also born to immigrant Chinese parents are outrageously successful as doctors, lawyers, etc...if I were them, I'd brag. You started at ground zero and despite soooo many hurdles were able to be successful! But more importantly, we want this for our kids, too. We want them to succeed but more importantly to have more than any means to take care of themselves. And we naturally teach them what our parents have taught us, That's not wrong, right? How many Chinese kids are at top rated schools in the US. I know that a local, prestigious high school in SF actually raised their testing scores for Chinese kids admission only to create a diverse multi-racial environment. There were just too many Chinese kids in the school. But, how do they do it? Why is it that Chinese families are churning out more academically advanced kids?      Anyways, I'd recommend this book because it would be a great topic for book clubs, parenting forums, friends and family, plus...your children. I think Amy opened the door for Asians in America with her writing this. We're always the model minority ... but ever think where that stemmed from?
B00005LK94|5.0|great for the children and adults who have a soft heart and love animals…. held my interest right unto the end…highly recommended
B0032UYFA6|5.0|Breaking bad season three is tremendously entertaining.  Breaking bad showed a lot of promise in seasons one and two but everything is working on all cylinders in season three.  This is one of the best televsion shows I have ever watched.   If you are considering whether or not to check out the show just buy all the seasons right now.  You will not be disappointed.
B00110K62U|5.0|In my opinion, the 10th Anniversary Dream Cast is much better than the 25th, but maybe that's because i prefer Colm Wilkinson.  There isn't anything better than himself singing Take Me Home...
B004JK61K0|1.0|I do not like the unified folder amd dislike the ability to remove it. I do not recomend the app in its current state.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I really like how the game runs on my phone. Load times seem to be fine for me and the graphics are good for a mobile version. I never played any other version, so I don't know how it is on iOS or console. I'm using a HTC Inspire 4G, stock rom.
B000K2RD3U|5.0|Para aquellos que no se conformaron con las opacas reediciones de este tesoro musical, esta nueva version alemana del sello Repertoire, resulta tan buena como cualquiera de las japonesas, incluyendo la SHM. No redundare mas sobre la calidad de la musica, para ello hay muchas resenas que describen uno de los mejores discos de la banda. Sin embargo, si desean disfrutar al maximo la calidad auditiva de este compacto, preparense a disfrutar de este sonido del Gigante ahora en su maxima dimension audible.  Juvenal Aragon. Mexico
B003AO1SVS|4.0|I really like this album, especially track 3 which is tighten up. It is the song in the subaru commercial.  I would have gave this album a perfect rating of five stars, but I rated it only with four. It is because some of the other tracks of this album remind me of my younger years when you were experimenting with drugs. I am not saying that this album will give you influence to do drugs but it just makes you feel that way. Besides that this album reminds me of the hippie days in San Francisco on Haight St. I am only thirty one years of age, but it makes you feel like you are under the influence of drugs. But overall I really like this album because it is different and has a different mind frame of influence of whoever buys this album and listens to the different tones and vocals of the band. This band is pretty cool and I like them. Thank you for reading this review.
B004ZZITEU|4.0|It's true MA have moved into some unfamiliar territory and have some cringe-worthy moments on the new album, but overall it still kicks some serious ass.    A lot of people will try to tell you there are 2 or 3 good songs here and the rest is all techno/trance/dance music. This just is not the case. Not even close. Listen to the guitar work in one of the maligned songs, I am Morbid. It's amazing. Pay attention to new drummer Tim Yeung's work. He's a master extreme metal skinsman. Even the songs that do contain repetitive techno beats also feature pummeling guitars and drums.    Are some of the lyrics goofy? Sure. But I have never been one to care too much about lyrics. If that's a holdup for you then forget music and stick with poetry.    I can't honestly blame old fans who have been with MA since Altars of Madness. This isn't the same band that made Blessed Are the Sick. I don't think I'd want MA to continue in this direction, even though it does have a lot to offer. But it shouldn't stop the rest of you from giving this album a fair chance. If you pay too much attention to the criticisms and don't rely on your own ears you just may pass on a worthy album.
0893815233|5.0|This great book is a great book. Not a fine point, though: it is a germinal book, not a seminal one. Parse that etymology and you will find the basis of why these photographs are not exploitive or vulgar, or even voyeuristic (except inasmuch as ALL photographs are voyeuristic). If it makes you uneasy, ask yourself why, and at least entertain the possibility the discomfort originates from your own confusion and mixed impulses, as much or more than anything Mann constructed or expressed. Sure, the controversy surrounding these photographs still elicits tension in the room when she is interviewed, but only the briefest and least thoughtful observation of that tension would conclude that it has it's source in any sense of guilt or personal moral doubt on the part of the photographer. I read the same sort of tension when on the rare occasion that Robert DeNiro has granted interviews for television, someone asks him to say the line \\"Are you talking to me?\\"  Mere exasperation with a worn out and dull question. Answered, if it were ever relevant at all.     Again: I find virtually nothing exploitive, pornographic, or psychologically damaging (to the subject children, or the photographer), or even very much sexual, at all, here. Nakedness is not necessarily erotic, and naked children not necessarily pedophilic (by such a simplistic standard many National Geographic photos ought to be expunged, or never printed). These are beautiful and arresting photographs. Part of what makes them as compelling as they are is the daring of the subject and how it is treated, with bravery and a clear eye, and in contrast/tension with a viewer's expectation of what such pictures mean or represent, where they belong, and what the intentions and motives of viewers and photographers are with respect to that subject.
B0043RT8JU|5.0|As a nerdfighter for the past three years, I haven't yet read this book! I absolutely loved this book- it was such a roller coaster of emotion to read!! Five stars :)
B001PU8N0I|3.0|So many current productions/remakes seem to want to reinvent the wheel, rather than achieving excellence.  I wonder if we will look back at this in 20-30-or-40 years and applaud it for following the book more closely than the 1988 production ?   Or...will we instead be fixated on the over-the-top dark melodramatic style.   Lemony-Snicketish if you will.  I think this style of production will eventually run its' course and look terribly dated.    In my opinion many of the characters were overplayed, the sets were hyped, and there was an overall lack of genuine human spirit.  I had thought that Dickens was rather a master at portraying the different facets of human nature through his quirky characters.  The exaggerated acting style and effects detracted from that mastery.    That said, I did finish it because I was not familiar with this novel and was interested in the plot.   The leads, Foy and McFayden helped save the production, although I did find Foy's \\"Little Dorrit\\" somewhat static.   She never did seem to fully transform from a girl into a young woman, capable of an undying love.   I loved Mr. Panck's, Mr. Chivaree, and in general, the young gatehouse keeper John.  The ridiculous Rigaud was a comic book cartoon villain.  Yikes, foiled again!      As for the rest, see the first two paragraphs.  Actually, by the end I did rather come to like Fanny, Sparkler, and Amy's Uncle William.  Fanny and Sparkler were the essence of shallow and provided some comic relief to the dark production.  Uncle William was heartwarming.    I daresay there is not a definitive Little Dorrit as of yet.
B004B63M1S|5.0|this is one funny movie if you like sick,violent,sexist type humor.I loved it, im not sure who is crazier Rodriguez or Tarantino. i love all of their movies.greAt sound trac as well
B002ZG98J6|5.0|My daughter 8 and son 4 both love this movie.  Came with blu-ray dvd...regular dvd...and digital copy of dvd...great price for all 3!
B003Q6D282|5.0|a pretty good ending to a series of movies that lasted this long.it is not as good as the first but none of them are.overall it is in the top 3 or 4 .a must have if you have the rest of the series. im still trying to figure out how a frail dying man ,a couple of women and a cop designed and built all of these elaborate gadgets.i guess thats what kept me coming back,to see what they came up with next. not sure if it is really the last one though.
1594744769|4.0|I ordered this book after reading a review and watching the creepy trailer on Amazon.  What drew me to it was that it is illustrated with vintage photos.  It brought to mind: Tim Burton/Danny Elfman (who could make a tasty movie of it), Wickerman (the orig. movie), John Crowley's _Little, Big_, the Lemony Snicket series, and carny sideshows.  It's mostly a coming-of-age novel, with elements of the Gothic, magical realism, and a dash of dark humor.  I love the fact that these old forgotten photos/people are finding new life in this book. The ending definitely leaves room for a follow-up, which I am avidly waiting for.    The novel is said to be for teens and adults (I'm of the latter stripe).  Especially wary parents may find some objectionable material, including adult language and themes. I feel stupid even writing that, since Stephen King had become my go-to writer by the time I was 12, but there it is.
B004QXJZXA|5.0|I've read quite a few disappointing reviews of older films where the transfer just isn't good or isn't an improvement over the regular DVD. This film is a definite improvement over the regular DVD with crisp, clear imagery.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  Since the movie was shot in a pseudo-documentary style, the crowd shots, aerial views, closeups, etc all look amazing.      As for the film itself, well, you'll either like it or you won't. If you're a racing fan you'll love it.  This is a classic and probably one of the top two racing films ever made.  Even if you're a casual fan, this is worth your time.  Enjoy!
B000WTNCYA|5.0|I love this Cd, some of it is very Nora Jones - others very original, easy to listen to over and over !!
031603441X|4.0|It appears Keith Richards remembers everything even many of the events from his drugged out years or, perhaps, he had a bit of help in that department (he does, after all, allow those who experienced some of the same events to comment on them as well). Either way LIFE gives us a good overview of the creation, rise to fame and iconic stature of The Rolling Stones as well as Richards' own solo brief solo career.<br /><br />Exhaustively covering his childhood and the early years of the band (including the Stones main \\"rivals\\" The Beatles in some sections), the only flaw of the book is a lack of details about the recording of many of the band's classic albums. I would have liked more details on Richards' songwriting collaboration with Mick Jagger although he does give us interesting tidbits (such as the fact that Mick wrote \\"Brown Sugar\\" by himself and that the duo would both work together and apart much like Lennon & McCartney did but would still credit the composition to both wriers).<br /><br />Richards doesn't withhold any criticism in his biography; he can be at turns complimentary and harsh in his assessment of his peers including Mick Jagger in his discussion of his Stones partner's solo career. He also gives a pretty blunt assessment of his own struggle with drug addiction and the descent into drug addiction of band member Brian Jones. I find it incredible that Richards claims to still have no idea why Mick Taylor left the band (did he ever ask him particularly when Taylor guested on one of his solo albums?)and his recollection of a drugged out roadtrip that he and John Lennon made has never been documented anywhere else that I can recall but is a pretty interesting story.<br /><br />He also discusses the writing of some key Stones songs including \\"As Tears Go By\\" (which is often incorrectly seen as being inspired by \\"Yesterday\\"--it was recorded before McCartney's ballad by Marianne Faithful although the Stones may have been inspired to record it and the arrangement of the string parts may have been influenced by the success of McCartney's ballad there's little the two have in common in terms of their structure), \\"(I Can't Get No)Satisfaction\\" and \\"Wild Horses\\" (Keith states early on that he could tell that Marianne Faithful had a hand in the writing of the lyrics as he states that many of the lyrics didn't sound like something Mick would write).<br /><br />Although flawed a bit by not giving us more information about the writing/recording of many key Stones classic albums, LIFE manages to be both a candid and vivid account of Richards' charmed (and sometimes cursed)life as a celebrity and musician. Recommended.s may have been influenced by the success of McCartney's ballad there's little the two have in common in terms of their structure), \\"(I Can't Get No)Satisfaction\\" and \\"Wild Horses\\" (Keith states early on that he could tell that Marianne Faithful had a hand in the writing of the lyrics as he states that many of the lyrics didn't sound like something Mick would write).     Although flawed a bit by not giving us more information about the writing/recording of many key Stones classic albums, LIFE manages to be both a candid and vivid account of Richards' charmed (and sometimes cursed)life as a celebrity and musician. Recommended.
160059672X|4.0|A second beading embroidery book by Sherry Serafini was long overdue. My copy of her first book co-authored with Heidi Kummli, is dog-eared and well used as it was the first book I bought as a beginning beader. Sherry's visuals and instructions are an inspiration for my own designs.
0316010669|4.0|Malcolm Gladwell knows how to tell a story. He captures the little details about people and events that give them meaning and make them interesting, something he  used to good advantage in 'The Tipping Point,' and almost as well in this book, 'Blink.'<br /><br />'Blink' is a book about snap judgments, first impressions, and thin-slicing experiences. It challenges the conventional wisdom of distrusting our first impressions, and brings up several examples where first impressions are actually the right ones. It shows real-world situations in which having all the information at one's fingertips was actually less useful than working from limited information.<br /><br />From examples of military trials to art forgeries, from police procedures to music performance, Gladwell brings example after example about how our reaction in the first two seconds of encountering something new can tell us as much as our reaction after knowing everything there is to know...and sometimes more.<br /><br />There are times in 'Blink' when the point is overstated and the generalization doesn't work - but Gladwell tells his stories so well that it doesn't matter. And what matters in 'Blink' isn't really the conclusions Gladwell makes...what matter is the stories of the people he talked to and the things they experienced. In Gladwell's hands these experiences feel real and tangible, and for the most part they work.<br /><br />Exaggerated claims or not, the stories in 'Blink' made me think about experiences in my own life. Among other things, I remembered a time when I was a teenager, spending time on my uncle's farm, and I ran out of books to read. We went to the bookstore and I didn't see anything new from my favorite standbys - but there was this book I'd never seen before, by an author I'd never heard of. I had no idea what story was in store between its pages, but I loved the cover. LOVED it. I bought it and discovered a new favorite author, one who I still read today, after more than twenty years and through a dozen books.<br /><br />We're told that judging a book by its cover is a bad idea. But if that's the case, would I ever have discovered one of my favorite writers? If that's the case, how are we meant to judge a book we've never read at all?<br /><br />'Blink' reinforces for us something we already knew - sometimes it's OK to judge a book by its cover.s.    We're told that judging a book by its cover is a bad idea. But if that's the case, would I ever have discovered one of my favorite writers? If that's the case, how are we meant to judge a book we've never read at all?    'Blink' reinforces for us something we already knew - sometimes it's OK to judge a book by its cover.
0811847365|5.0|I got this for my thirteen year old son.  He loves to use his imagination and he loves Star Wars.  The authors of this page obviously do, too. This book is filled colorful, exotic illustrations and explanations about alien species.
030726999X|5.0|First off, if you haven't read the first two books in Larsson's brilliant trilogy, then read them before this. In order to understand these characters you want to know where they come from, what they've been through, and why they are doing what it is they are doing.<br /><br />The Girl who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is an intense novel and an excellent conclusion to the Millennium series; although, Larsson had originally planned for the series to be a total of ten novels, but his sudden death prevented that from happening. He managed to write at least half of a fourth novel for the series before his death and there may be notes for storylines on a few more books, but the future of his unfinished works remains to be seen.<br /><br />Even though he planned on more novels with the intelligent, but wild, Lisbeth Salander, we are left with a trilogy of novels that wraps up nicely with the release of Hornet's Nest.<br /><br />The story begins right where its previous entry concluded and rarely lets you catch your breath. It keeps you engaged and excited. If I had to point out one thing that troubled me, it would be that a lot of these characters' names are very similar, so it can get somewhat confusing trying to keep track of everybody as there are a lot of characters. If anything, do yourself a favor and keep a running list of these characters. You'll find that it can help you immensely if you are trying to figure out who's who.<br /><br />Other than that, the story can get addictive and keep you involved for all six hundred pages. It keeps you wanting more, then you're sad to learn that this may be the last time we hear from Lisbeth Salander, then again, maybe not...
0743571975|1.0|Audio CD buyers, beware.  The version that lists an ISBN of 0-7435-7197-5 is not a reading of the original text.  It is an audio version of a rewrite by Reverend Ruth L.  Miller.  The box is red and the title is \\"The New Master Key System, Revised for the 21st Century.\\"  Amazon in Canada (amazon.ca) provides a few pages of the actual text which is very different.  Even though the US webpage shows a different cover (that appears to correspond to the original text), order with caution unless you want the audio of the book by Reverend Miller.
B0051QJ83S|5.0|This will most definitely be the best album of 2011, and her best album yet. Many of the songs from the album are all extremely original and resemble heavy metal rock songs with sledge-hammering dance beats. Not one song is boring. The vocals are fantastic and powerful while singing lyrics with so much meaning to society. Lady Gaga has really put herself out there and put a lot of effort into making such a great album.
0811876373|5.0|I had heard about this book from a friend so I bought right after I bought a cake pop maker. There are some really creative ideas in the book and it gives you recipes as well. I love it and my friends are impressed with my cake pops.
1591843790|4.0|How do you get people to like you?  Love you?  Be insanely passionate over you, and what you do, sell, etc?<br /><br />If the book \\"Enchantment\\" is correct, it means you have to become the person that inspires people in what ever you are pursuing.  It means that you have to be:<br /><br />  Likeable<br />  Trustworthy<br />  Prepared<br />  A risk-taker who produces<br />  A salesman (in a good sense -- you are out to persuade in a good cause.)<br />  Persistent, and make persuasion stick.<br /><br />But that must extend to customers, employees, and all influencers.  If you are not your own boss, you must manage up and learn to influence the boss as well.<br /><br />Beyond that, learn to use both push and pull technologies to make people want to know what you are about.<br /><br />Finally, as with all marketing texts, the reader becomes educated on techniques.  It helps to inoculate you against others who try to use such techniques on you, particularly those that have nothing to offer.<br /><br />I enjoyed the book and would recommend it to others.  Guy has a gift for making the complex simple.<br /><br />Quibbles<br /><br />I may come off as a prude in saying this, but there is never a  good time to use crude language.  It is a substitution of negative emotion in place of thought.  I have never yet found a situation where one could not use clean words to express the same idea that profanity aims for.  Also, workplaces where profanity is common among leaders spawn it among followers.  Everyone is worse off, and your company will come of as rude or lower-class.<br /><br />Who would benefit from this book:<br /><br />Many would benefit from this book.  It has a lot of good ideas that would aid your marketing.
B0053EZXRS|1.0|What a waste.  The most vulgar movie I have probably ever seen (heard).  We watched about ten minutes of it before the overwhelming vulgarity caused me to just turn it off.  Not even worth trying to get into any story mode.
0091926610|5.0|If you are interested in indiana jones making off or you are just a fan, this book is delightfull.  Harcovered and with hundreds of pictures from the four films. Detailed description , storyboards and concepts - make this book a must have for making movie curious and professionals.
B000002KDS|5.0|Virtually everything I know and love about all varieties of rock music rests on this formative album, which I bought when I was 9 years old in Northern Virginia.  I still have the vinyl, though it is sonically worthless - no material could survive that many exposures to a sharp needle.  After all this time, it still amazes me to hear the pure creativity and power of this album.  They were just so far ahead of their time.  Not really much to add here, given the depth of all the prior reviews, but I just couldn't resist one more \\"thumbs up\\" for a truly monumental musical effort.
B0039ZF8D2|4.0|I like the collaboration between Nas and Damien Marley.  I dont think this album is as phenominal as what some people say.  But I do like a lot of the tracks, with some being okay.  I have never been a huge Nas fan.  So if you are a big Nas fan you might like this more than me.  I actually prefer Damien Marleys contribution to the album more than Nas.  But all in all this album is worth checking out for any hip-hop fan, reggae or world music fan, or just music fan in general.
B004R13U6Y|4.0|I used this app on both my HTC Evo and my Nook color. I love the text reformat which allows you to view in night mode. I dont have any problem so loading on either of my devices.
B00000ING2|3.0|I'm very fond of this movie.  That's because Tim Robbins, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Paul Newman, and all the rest of the cast are just about perfect.  Robbins is perfect as a \\"capraesque\\" hero in the mold of Jimmy Stewart and Jennifer Jason Leigh does a great job playing a role Katherine Hepburn probably would have had if the movie had really been made back in Hollywood's golden age.<br /><br />The problem with the movie is that when it plays it straight, the way Capra did with films like \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\" or \\"Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,\\" it's absolute magic.  The scenes with Robbins and Leigh are wonderful.<br /><br />But when the movie slips into an attempt to parody films like those, that's when it stumbles and starts looking surreal and grotesque.<br /><br />But in the end more of the movie works than that which doesn't...so I'd definitely recommend seeing it.
030746363X|5.0|I have a very busy life and would rather put in the minimum amount of exertion to get the most results(80/20 rule) so I was interested in this book.    I followed chapter 3, subtracting Fat down to the letter(while eating as many donuts and pizza as I could on cheat day June 4th).  Here are my results.    Weight in Early May: 202 lbs.(not sure what my weight was on may 23rd but my pants & belt suggested ~200lbs.)    Recieved book on May 23rd 2011.    Weight on May 27th: 193  Weight on June 3rd: 186  Weight on June 10th: 183  = -19lbs. in 19 days.    I don't think he is claiming this is the healthiest diet or anything along those lines.  I think Ferriss is saying if you want great results with minimal rules and effort do this, this and this.    Pretty simple and so far it has worked for me on the wieght.    The stregth and endurance chapters seem to have alot of merit and even refer to the crossfit/endurance and russian coaches for some great ideas with minimal effort.  Think, work smarter not harder.    I would recommend this book to anyone who is serious about changing their lifestyle with minimal effort.  Example why run for 2-3 hours a day when you can get 80% of the results by running intervals/sprints for 15-30 minutes a day.
B004G6009U|5.0|Tangled is the return of the old times of disney animation plus best of 3d animation age in my opinion. Colorfull, and with an awesome score, we spend great times watching tangled. It's fun and the story is very creative. The combo dvd + bluray worth the price.5*
0307272702|5.0|I don't write a title like that lightly.  In Why We Get Fat, Taubes has exhaustively researched more than 200 years of scientific analysis on the topic of obesity and has come to startling conclusions.  What if everything we've been told about good nutrition for the last 30 years is wrong?  What if a healthy diet is actually one that most doctors today say will harm you?  This is shocking, but common sense dictates that if our current dietary advice has lead to an explosion in obesity, it is worthwhile to challenge all of our assumptions and start back at the beginning.  That's exactly what Taubes does.<br /><br />Taubes offers compelling arguments soundly grounded in research, and furthermore demonstrates why core assumptions we have about nutrition are based on \\"facts\\" that, once you dig, are really questionable at best.  Prior to this book I believed the status quo.  But Taubes' claims are hard to refute when you realize that every study is resoundingly footnoted.  Furthermore, once you understand the relationships between the individuals who formed today's nutritional guidelines, it is easy to see how this style of eating could be jammed down our throats by a few influential people who refuse to even consider the fact that they may be wrong.<br /><br />Why We Get Fat is supposed to be a more \\"accessible\\" version of Taubes' earlier book, Good Calories, Bad Calories.  Compared to Calories it certainly is.  But on its own, the book still gets very much into the scientific weeds, which will turn off some readers.  I read Fat first and then wanted more details so I went back and read Calories.  I'd suggest most readers do the same.  In these cases, Fat will provide all of the relevant information for probably 90% of folks.<br /><br />I have made valiant efforts over the last 10 years to control my weight, and it has been a daily struggle.  For three weeks now I have followed Taubes' approach to nutrition (which as you'll see in the book is actually a very old and common approach).  I've lost 5 lbs and .75\\" off my waist - and I haven't been hungry, and have exercised about twice a week, if I felt like it.  I have followed many diet approaches and have NEVER had that kind of result without constant cravings for carbs and sugar.<br /><br />If you have ever struggled with your weight, this book is a must read.  If you are a doctor or health professional, it is your duty to examine this research and ask yourself - what if everything I was taught about nutrition was wrong?  If we can convince health professionals to doubt themselves and re-examine the evidence objectively, we'll all be better off, no matter the result.ost 5 lbs and .75\\" off my waist - and I haven't been hungry, and have exercised about twice a week, if I felt like it.  I have followed many diet approaches and have NEVER had that kind of result without constant cravings for carbs and sugar.    If you have ever struggled with your weight, this book is a must read.  If you are a doctor or health professional, it is your duty to examine this research and ask yourself - what if everything I was taught about nutrition was wrong?  If we can convince health professionals to doubt themselves and re-examine the evidence objectively, we'll all be better off, no matter the result.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|A lof of people talk about how great Planet Earth was.  Personally I think this is a lot more interesting documentary than planet Earth.  If youre interest in nature or life in general, this is must see.  Definitley one of the best documentaries of its type.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I had a great time playing this. However, after about a week it was using 15MB of data space. And this is a huge deal due to the ridiculous Android data space bug (i believe it caps it at 150MB even though I have multiple gigs of free space on my phone/sd).  After clearing the data, I lost all my progress.
B004S49Z3W|4.0|I find it hard to know how to rate this book, I kind of wish I had read it before I saw the movie.  Usually I am always a fan of the book over the movie, always.  But as this is a movie I love and have watched a lot, finding the book sooo different was a surprise.  Not to say that I didn't like the book, I really did, and I had a lot of laughs reading it!!  I just had to stop myself expecting it to be the same as the movie and enjoy it as the story it is on it's own. And truth be told there is a lot more plot in the novel, and more storylines etc as you would expect in a book!!  All in all, a fun read!!!
0811875555|5.0|I own many Disney \\"art off\\" and this is the best. Must have for collectors and fans. Very well done.5*
B004QSQML8|5.0|If you are a fan of LEGEND and have the Ultimate Edition DVD you may still want to pick up this new edition because it looks and sounds quite a bit better in this HD version.  The theatrical version looks spectacular with fine details I've never noticed before.  Trees, plants, birds, floaty things in the air all look almost three dimensional.  This transfer is gorgeous.  It's never sounded better either.  Sound effects are huge and roaring and the Tangerine Dream soundtrack soars.  It's awesome.  The Director's cut dosen't fair quite as well and looks a bit soft and occasionally faded but this is to be expected considering the source material.  It's great to have both versions of the film, something Universal failed to give us with the Blu-ray edition of DUNE.      In general, Universal seems to be doing a better job with their Blu-ray releases.  They are still using the same menu template but they are now giving it a much better visual presentation.  The ridiculous \\"ticker\\" still has to be turned off manually every time though.  They are also still filling their discs with useless (to most of us anyway) features like BDLive that does nothing but show commercials, D-BOX (which is great for the 4 people who actually have D-box) and a new one called \\"pocket BLU app\\" for people who want to control their Blu-ray player with their iPhone, iPad or Android instead of their blu-ray remote.  Does anyone do that, and why?    All of the special features from the DVD edition have been carried over for this release and they are pretty exhaustive and excellent.  Would have been nice to have something new but considering just how much is included I can't really think of anything else they could have added other than an interview with Tom Cruise and he probably dosen't want to talk about it.  The big surprise here is that Universal has started presenting their bonus features in the proper aspect ratios.  4x3 images now have proper pilar boxes and manual adjustments are no longer needed.  That is great.  The disc (with no disc art as is standard for Universal) is packaged in a standard blu-ray case (not one of those cheap eco case things either but a real case) and has some spiffy new artwork.  It certainly isn't as nice as the lavish DVD package but I think the day of quality packaging for home media is officially over and all studios are going to push product out as cheaply as they can.  They didn't charge much for this blu-ray so I'm not complaining really.  All in all, this is another step in the right direction for Universal HD releases.    The transfer is great, the extras are great and well presented and the disc is cheap.  Good enough.  The movie itself will never be a classic but I love it anyone and it sure looks pretty.
B000LC55F2|5.0|Really is one of those movies you cant just watch one time.  Definitely you probably have to watch it at least twice to figure out whats going on.  I find it very interesting and entertaining.  I dont know anyone personally who didnt like this movie.
B004K7HMJ6|5.0|this girl is going to be big its just taking time but i just love this cd theres not one thing wrong with it her voice is so Perfect. my personal fav song off this amazing album is who you are just love that song and it has a good messages to it too. so 5/5 overall.    price tag: 10/10    nobody's perfect: 10/10    Abracadabra 9/10    big white room: 10/10 (amazing)    Casualty of love: 10/10    rainbow: 10/10    who's Laughing now: 10/10    do it like a dude: 8/10    mamma knows best: 6/10    L.O.V.E: 9/10    stand up: 10/10    i need this: 10/10    who you are: 10/10
B004Z7AHTI|5.0|First of all I have read all the book and seen every movie in the series so far. I loved this one as I went to see it with my older sister who is 16. Both of us loved it, and I felt like neither of us stopped laughing. a very well planned out movie, and a must to read/buy.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|love the game. but after I had beat level 1 and opened up quick play, I get constant screen freezing. the game will keep going but the game stolen be frozen. have to home out then restart. also freezes when first starting app. Gets stuck on load screen when lawn rolls out. have to home out and open app again. then gets stuck at restart of level. fx don't always work....crazy Dave rarely speaks anymore...images will be missing sometimes.....and even with all these bugs I still constantly play! I have redowmloaded game many times with out the issues being fixed.  glad I didn't have to pay for this game it I would be very peeved.......
B004K4AUZW|5.0|This album is one of her best albums yet, I love almost every song on here and I love the hidden meanings some of her songs contain. The special edition is a great buy, the remix tracks are wonderful and definitely worth it.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|These are my first pair of professional headphones, and all I can say is WOW. You've really never heard your music before you listen to it with a pair like this. I'd recommend them to anyone. Great job Sony!
B000KKPN5C|5.0|I love it!  I recently got a new Nikon D90 and added the SB-400 to it.  It is so small and cute.  My first time working with added flash so I am still learning how it works.  So far so good.
B00006AVRK|5.0|This set shows Hugh Laurie 20+ years ago as Bertie Wooster, along with his personal valet, Jeeves played by Stephen Fry, and it is hilarious.  When Mr. Wooster gets into a bit of a jam, Jeeves somehow bails him out.  Sometimes, he gets ole Wooster himself.  P.G. Wodehouse's books are fun, and Hugh Laurie has nailed one of his characters.  Great fun, especially when nothing worthwhile is on the telly.  I'd recommend it for everyone!
0811879542|5.0|Just got this in the mail today from Amazon. I read it aloud to the other adult in the car. We couldn't wait to see what would happen on the next page. I wanted to find a 2,3,or 4 year old immediately so I could see how they would react to this book. Very imaginative! Very interactive! In the days of computer this and computer that, I can see little ones ignoring the mouse or mouse pad and read this book over and over and over again!  I also like the book trailer that is posted on youtube!  I will be buying several copies of this book for presents! Can't wait to read other books by this creative individual!!
B0051QO4QY|5.0|I liked this CD when I first got it-not loved until I played it several times and some of the songs I did not like then I love now and are my favorites! Including Scheibe and You and I(this is a classic tribute to Shania Twain/Mutt Lange of years past).<br /><br />Excellent hooks, great beat and just plain fun!<br /><br />Enjoy!
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|Since I was young I have used music to sustain me emotionally and psychologically.<br />I remember listening to Beethoven's Third Symphony (Eroica) and Dvorak's New World Symphony when I was feeling down or stressed.  The music would lift me and help me go on.  Recently I discovered that Mamma Mia performs a similar service.<br /><br />Mamma Mia is an excellent musical.  I remember the musicals of the 1940, 50 and 60s.  Often they had as much dialogue as singing.  Mamma Mia is almost continual singing, and the singing is cheerful and strong.  The music lifts my mood.<br /><br />Meryl Streep stars and sings up a storm.  I have enjoyed Meryl in so many movies and admire her talent.  Her talent, demonstrated in such varied work as  Sophie's Choice Kramer vs. Kramer and The Devil Wears Prada, did not prepare me for her performance as Donna in Mamma Mia.  Not only is she outstanding in her role, she  sings well.<br /><br />Several other actors are excellent in their roles.  Amanda Seyfried is brilliant as Donna's daughter Sophie.  Christine Baranski (recently in The Good Wife) and Julie Walters (Famous as Molly Weasley in Harry Potter films), are superior as Donna's best friends and former singing partners.<br /><br />Colin Firth (Oscar for King's Speech) plays one of Donna's former lovers.  His singing is great and his guitar playing is impressive.<br /><br />The biggest surprise for me was Pierce Brosnan (James Bond 007) in the role of Donna's first lover.  Pierce can not sing nearly as well as the other actors but somehow we do not mind.  He is perfect as Donna's love interest.<br /><br />Mamma Mia is an entertaining film with a wonderful musical score.  I highly recommend this movie for a very pleasant evening.
B004K4GDE4|5.0|Lady GaGa has really proven herself, once again, with Born This Way. She has created an album that delivers the sounds of Techno, Rock, a little bit of Metal, Pop, 80's Pop, and a touch of Opera. It almost seems as if it could appeal to everyone, regardless of their preferred genre. The tunes are very catchy, upbeat, soft, intense, and a lot of them are radio friendly. Some of the highlights include Born This Way, Judas, Marry The Night, Hair, ScheiBe (club friendly), Fashion of His Love, Black Jesus + Amen Fashion, Electric Chapel, The Edge of Glory, etc... From what I've read, she has promised us the album of the decade. I'm thinking this record will succeed. Well done, GaGa! Well done!     P.S.  The vinyl creates an amazing sound for this incredible album. Pressed on 2 LP's, 180 gram vinyl. Can't go wrong with that!
B001I45UFC|5.0|This is one of my absolute favorite books. When I was a child, I enjoyed it for the action and story, but as I got older, really started to grasp between the lines. CS Lewis is definitely an amazing author and his entire Narnia set is a classic and a must for anyone's collection.
B0000844IT|5.0|The \\"Boomstick Edition\\" has both the theater \\"S-Mart\\" ending and the Bruce-and-Sam favored \\"Rip Van Winkle\\" ending on two separate discs in 16x9 widescreen.  It also includes a \\"Join the Army\\" interview between Bruce Campbell, deleted scenes, trailers, a behind-the-scenes featurette \\"The Men Behind The Army\\", talent bios, and extra footage.    Get the \\"Boomstick Edition\\" if you can find it.
B0025VLELQ|5.0|If this movie is an old friend of yours, rest assured that it never looked better.<br /><br />The Last Starfighter was the first movie to do its special effects all with CGI.  It was a good story, and the spaceships and space battles looked great at the time. However, as more realistic looking CGI grew more and more common, the old gem was fading away.<br /><br />This blue ray transfer is outstanding. Everything but the shots of the video game screen look crisp and sharp. I'm not sure if the CGI was re-rendered, but it looks incredible compared to what I have been used to seeing in my many viewings of this film. Although the CGI spaceships do look like artists visions of spaceships, they are crisp, colorful, and gorgeous looking.<br /><br />Of course all of the charm of the story remains, and is refreshed by the purity of the picture. The performances of Alex, Centauri, and Grig are as charming and funny as you remembered. This is a truly fun movie that has been reinvigorated by the blu ray release. I couldn't be happier with the job they did.
0061537969|5.0|Let me start by saying my mother and sister initially recommended this book to me, so I recommended it to my book club to force me to pick it out of my \\"gathering dust\\" book pile next to my bed. I have so many reading commitments these days, and I knew I wouldn't get to this until it was added to my to-do list.<br /><br />Even with strong recommendations, I was hesitant to read a book Entertainment Weekly hailed as, \\"Fans of Marley & Me, rejoice.\\" Marley & Me was mainly fluff. I read it (book club), but it was forgettable. It isn't the type of review I'd want on my back cover. But I get it. It's marketing. They are both dog books, and Marley & Me was a commercial success. Plus, the racing theme wasn't selling me either.<br /><br />The Art of Racing in the Rain is so much more than a dog or racecar book. The novel starts with Enzo's narration on page two, \\"I'm old. And while I'm very capable of getting older, that's not the way I want to go out . . . the best thing I've ever seen on TV is a documentary that explained everything to me, made it all clear, told the whole truth: when a dog is finished living his lifetimes as a dog, his next incarnation will be as a man.\\" Enzo, you see, is a dog and narrates the story.<br /><br />I read somewhere that Garth Stein had a difficult time finding an agent because they were all worried about a dog narrator. Enzo is compassionate, honest, flawed, and beautiful inside and out . . . what more would anyone want from the story's narrator? As I read, I would often forget he was a dog, the depth of his emotions and unique perspectives would make any human envious.<br /><br />Enzo tells the story about Denny, his racecar driver owner. At first it's just the two of them, and then Denny falls in love with Eve. Enzo is jealous at first, but ultimately he and Eve form a very special bond when Zoe, Denny and Eve's daughter, is born.<br /><br />Racecar driving is in Denny's blood; he's a natural. But the dream never quite comes to fruition. The story uses the elements of driving a racecar to point out bigger messages such as, \\"There is no dishonor in losing the race. There is only dishonor in not racing because you are afraid to lose.\\" I must admit, I gained some respect for the art of racecar driving reading this novel. Who knew?<br /><br />The heart of the story, however, was so unexpected. The reader knows from the onset that Enzo is old and dying. We have the handkerchief ready for the inevitable conclusion. But I was not expecting the heart-wrenching battle his wife faced which led to Denny's biggest \\"race\\" to keep his daughter.<br /><br />I don't want to give too much away. It's a beautiful read, inspired even more by the lovable Enzo. You'll laugh (especially if you, like me, have always owned dogs'I'm sorry, shared a home with dogs) and cry. The author too conveniently uses Denny's absent parents to move story, but no work is perfect. There's a great scene in the book reminiscent of The Help (nobody will forget the pie, and nobody will forget Enzo's dirty incident with his enemy, the crows) because it will stay with you.<br /><br />Finally, the ending is sweeter than I expected. You'll want to hug the book when you are done. My daughter is an animal lover, so I am interested in hearing if anyone has read the YA version of this book. I'm wondering how little was really changed to make it appropriate for 9-12 year olds.a racecar to point out bigger messages such as, \\"There is no dishonor in losing the race. There is only dishonor in not racing because you are afraid to lose.\\" I must admit, I gained some respect for the art of racecar driving reading this novel. Who knew?    The heart of the story, however, was so unexpected. The reader knows from the onset that Enzo is old and dying. We have the handkerchief ready for the inevitable conclusion. But I was not expecting the heart-wrenching battle his wife faced which led to Denny's biggest \\"race\\" to keep his daughter.     I don't want to give too much away. It's a beautiful read, inspired even more by the lovable Enzo. You'll laugh (especially if you, like me, have always owned dogsI'm sorry, shared a home with dogs) and cry. The author too conveniently uses Denny's absent parents to move story, but no work is perfect. There's a great scene in the book reminiscent of The Help (nobody will forget the pie, and nobody will forget Enzo's dirty incident with his enemy, the crows) because it will stay with you.     Finally, the ending is sweeter than I expected. You'll want to hug the book when you are done. My daughter is an animal lover, so I am interested in hearing if anyone has read the YA version of this book. I'm wondering how little was really changed to make it appropriate for 9-12 year olds.
B003ES5ZTG|2.0|I bought this because I liked the idea of the right-angle bend and the flat cable.  It's not that good of a cable.  It doesn't have a good connection like a regular HDMI cable does.  With my PS3, it would create like fuzzy areas at the side of the screen and they wouldn't go away unless I unplugged the cable and plugged it back in.  Also, after about 3 months, it just stopped working completely...Save yourself some money and just buy the regular Amazon Basics HDMI cable (or any other one for that matter).
B000QRIGLC|5.0|This book is phenomenal. This man's dedication to his friends and country are nothing short of amazing.  We need a million more just like him! Txfrog (his tattoo if you dont understand) you are a true American Hero!!!
1550379151|4.0|I love this story. This particular edition has the main story plus a lot of background about the authors. If I had to buy this again, I would just buy the story.
B0000033RY|4.0|Perhaps its unfortunate that Cactus isn't being remembered fondly these days, or perhaps what's even more unfortunate is that they were never really popular to begin with.  Either way, none of that matters now.  What matters is that you pick up this terrific album and experience blues/rock greatness with elements of funk and soul.    \\"Evil\\" has a really cool and ominous guitar riff combined with chilling vocals and a melodic guitar solo.  You'll probably be blown away by how *heavy* the guitar riff is.  It literally floored me!  A song like \\"You Can't Judge a Book By Its Cover\\" reminds me of Humble Pie quite a bit with the soulful vocal melody, though perhaps not as memorable as Humble Pie's best material.  The harmonica work is wonderful though, and the vocal melody is good enough to get the job done.      \\"Alaska\\" is actually a straight forward blues song, which is surprising to me.  I wasn't expecting that at all.  I like it.  \\"Restrictions\\" is perhaps overlong by a few minutes because the vocal melody is insanely repetitive near the beginning, but it's an alright song regardless.      Overall, I like Cactus.  They deserved a brighter future but at least we can keep their music alive by playing it.  This is just a great collection of blues-based party rock songs.   It's worth owning.
B004IQMXD4|4.0|Stevie Nicks still has it in her.  This is a brilliant CD.  After two flops, Street Angel and Trouble In Shangri-La, she needed the break.  This isn't Rooms On Fire, Edge Of Seventeen, or Talk To Me material, but it is far better than Street Angel or Trouble in Shangri-La and falls in line with her pre-SA or TIS efforts.  Stevie sounds refreshed and relaxed.  A good first single release from this album would be For What It's Worth.  It's probably, in my opinion, the best song on the album.  This is a must for any true blue Stevie Nicks fan and I highly recommend it.
0060832819|1.0|I have yet to finish this book and I have owned it for about 2 years- i try to pick it up and finish it but i cant seem to do it.  have read almost every book by this writer and love him! Sadly, this book I just couldnt get into and I am really sadden by that! I have read 11 minutes a few times already and some other of his novels a few times, but sadly this one just doesnt seem to grab me no matter how many times i try to return to the book. IF this is the first book you bought from the writer do not give up- his other books are WONDERFUL- my favorite is 11 minutes!! Enjoy!
1582701709|5.0|I always carry this book around...being in the Sales/Marketing field is very up & down. When I'm feeling unmotivated to make that \\"sales pitch\\"; I flip through the pages of The Secret, and sure enough, I find at least one inspirational quote to help me improve my thoughts and feelings for the day. Highly recommended!
0553584537|5.0|I stumbled onto this author by accident.I had never heard of her.I was searching for books for my brand new Kindle, James Patterson has always been my favorite authour but I had read all of his books and they were twice as much as Lisa Gardner's but at the bottom this book was recommended. So I read the reviews which mean alot to me and they were all great so I took a chance. I am so glad I took the chance she is aa great author! Her writing is so vivid that I imagined myself in every scene.   This is a great book that understands the sacrifice that each of us are willing to make for our kids. It tugs at the heart strings but it so relatable.This is a great book for everyone in all walks of life. It ask you the question HOW FAR WILL YOU GO FOR THE MOST IMPORTANT PERSON IN YOUR LIFE? The answer from the main charcter Catherine is a pleasent surprise! A must read. This made me read all of the autor's books which were all excently written! Don't be surprised to see my reviews for each of her books.  If you are tired of paying high cable or satillite bills,or even if you thought you could never afford either of these....the answer is here!  Customers enjoy several features including:  NO HARDWARE  NO MONTHLY FEES  OVER 3,500 CHANNELS  AND 24/7 UNLIMITED ACCESS!  We are a one income family and I was searching the web one day and came across this site,I signed up and recived the equipment. That was 2 years ago and trust me I dont miss my outrages Dish tv bill!The one time fee I paid for the eqipment was less than half of what I was \\"throwing out of the window\\",monthly with dish!!    [...]
B0041KKYCY|5.0|This was a good movie, I was surprised that it didnt look like a low budget film at all. There wasnt much of a story, but thats ok, because it wasnt about backstory, is was about revenge. And if you ask me those sick bastards got off easy. I love seeing films where women come out on top, and do to men exactly what men do to them. I felt sorry for the mentally challenged Matthew, because I really didnt see what other option he had. I dont excuse doing crime out of fear, but he simply did not have the mentality to fight back. Still, he flipped out on her and she got even... I aint mad at her. I loved how she got that dude with the shotgun, I didnt want her to hurt the man's daughter, but it would have been nice if she had given him a play by play of someone doing to his child what he did to her. Like tell him that she dropped the girl off with a bunch of big hairy truckers and then let him die with that on his mind. That was just a mess, how one minute he was raping and beating that girl and then he was on a telephone call, talking about going to church. And then when she caught him, he had the nerve to call on Jesus. This was a great movie, I just wish she has tortured them more. I know I am sick, because she really did get even. But they were just wrong the way they messed with her. She should have ruined their names so that even in death they would be known at sick rapist, women beaters.  Another great scene is when she cut that man's weinner off and shoved it in his mouth. I was like WOAH, way to get even. She was pretty smart in the way she handled the situation.  I loved the scene with the crows eatting the dude's eyes, man that was a mess and when she made the man soak his head in lye-soap. That was just awsome. I want to see more movies like this. This was a graphic film, violent and sexually graphic.  But it is a revenge film and I will put it on the shelf beside other great female-revenge films, like First Wives Club, She-Devil, and Waiting to Exhale (speciffically Angela Bassets revenge).
B002ODEJYE|5.0|I really didn't know P!nk. I grouped her in with the other pop singers of the time. Then I stumbled upon this by accident late one night.  I was blown away. P!ink is simply the best singer and performer there is. The band is tremendous, the editing and sound are great and she is spectacular. She's not just a pro on stage but has an easy grace and joy performing. Catchy, exciting songs sung brilliantly over great rock/pop arrangements by enormously talented and professional musicians. All the songs are superior to the studio recordings. I had no idea... and now she is my favorite.
1594744769|5.0|When I opened the pages of Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children I had no idea what to expect. It seemed vastly different than anything I had read before with its creepy pictures and unsettling aura. That feeling proved to be correct within the first 10 pages. What I also found out in the first 10 pages it that this was going to be a fantastic thrill ride. I was hooked from the very first page and the story only got more intriguing and incredible as I turned the pages.<br /><br />I really don't know if I can say enough good things about this book. It was fantastic. Utterly fantastic! The premise is unlike anything you have read before. It's one part paranormal YA, it's one part haunting fantasy, one part thrilling mystery, and just all together spectacular! I was left guessing the entire story! It was never once predictable and never once boring. I loved this book.<br /><br />You couldn't ask for a better main character than Jacob. He was very believable. His actions when faced with the Peculiar things were spot on. He was faced with some very tough issues very early on in the book and I think the way that was handled was perfect. I don't want to say too much about what happened after Jacob gets to the island, but I will say that all the characters introduced there were my favorite part of the story!<br /><br />To add to all the glowing things I said above, the writing was amazing! I have a feeling that this book and Ransom Riggs are going to be talked about a lot in the near future. He is a new writer to watch out for. He took a completely unique and unheard of premise and executed it flawlessly. The vintage pictures interspersed throughout the story only made it more captivating.<br /><br />Can you tell I have fallen head over heels for this book. I have. I even had the dreaded book hangover after I finished it, because nothing else seemed interesting. I wanted more Miss Peregrine's. I urge, no I demand that you read this book as soon as possible. Somehow it manages to be delightful, whimsical, and creepy all at once, and I want you to experience that extraordinary feat first hand. READ IT!ical, and creepy all at once, and I want you to experience that extraordinary feat first hand. READ IT!
B000S057X2|5.0|I enjoyed Ghost Rider, although I am well aware that it has its detractors.  I am no expert on Ghost Rider so any criticisms I may have would be questionably pertinent.  All I can say is that this exclusive set includes an exhaustive amount of material that supports the movie.  I like the extended cut because it fleshes out the story.  I also like any material that gives a behind-the-scenes look at the making of a movie.  I also appreciate the fact that all of the cast participated in contributing to the bonus features DVDs.  I especially enjoyed the Comic-con Q & As included. Spare me the prima donnas who feel themselves above such things that entertain the fans.  I recommend this product for anyone who liked the movie.  Anyone who did not will not waste their time watching the extras.
0061537969|4.0|Do not read this book if you are depressed.  It starts sad and ends sad and in between it passes from one sad event to the other.    The story is told by Enzo, a dog of uncertain heritage but lots of heart.  Enzo is purchased as a puppy by Denny.  Denny is a young man hoping for fame and fortune as a race car driver.  As the story opens, Enzo is old and crippled and looking forward to death.  But before death, he looks back on his life with Denny, a life that includes the addition of Denny's wife, child, and some major challenges.  Denny and Enzo meet the life events as Denny would deal with challenges on the race track (the art of racing in the rain).    I almost didn't get past the first chapter of this book...it was so sad.  But I stayed with the story and finished the book, and I'm glad I did.  There is a true love of animals and a recognition of their importance in our lives.  Enzo is almost human in his ability to read humans and to provide the care and comfort they need.  And the concept that the life of a dog prepares it to come back in a second life as a human teases the intellect and the spirit.
0756405890|5.0|I read a LOT of books in the fantasy genre and this book, series really, will always be in my top five favorite! You will definitely not be disappointed!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|one of the best games I've played this far. Worth every penny.<br /><br />This game is not tablet optimized but works great (Asus Transformer)
B004QIG7CW|5.0|I really didn't expect much of this video.  I just watched it to make company to my 15 year old daughter, but I was extremely and pleasantly surprised by the whole film, the songs, the acting... well, I fell in love with it.  Highly recommended as a family night movie.
B0026RHR6K|3.0|While this is a collectors edition,it's not very easy to get the individual discs out of the sleeve,you end up with finger prints on them at best or scratched before viewing at worst.
B0002KZAKS|5.0|I hold student concerts, as opposed to \\"recitals\\" (lol), every spring, in which we tell the audience a little about the music, give every performer a nice introduction, and have a large number of vocal performances ... good mics are an absolute necessity ... Having years of experience using Shures, EVs AKGs, it's nice to see that this mic gives them all, especially the \\"industry standard\\" SM58, a run for the money. I've had mixed experiences with Behringer gear. But this mic is a winner - it's solidly built, has a really clear sound, plenty of output, and an unbeatable price ...
B0034G4ORC|3.0|\\"We are the last offensive force on the west coast. We cannot lose Los Angeles.\\"  After an assumed meteor shower becomes something much more dangerous, retiring Marine Staff Sargent Michael Nantz is part of a team to find out what is happening.  After discovering Alien spacecraft attacking the city the platoon is thrust into a battle to save the world.  I heard very bad things about this movie going in, and I have to say that most of it was a lie.  Though not as good as \\"Independence Day\\" this is one of the best invasion movies since that one.  After movies like \\"District 9\\", \\"Monsters\\" and the horrible \\"Skyline\\" this one is far and away the best Alien movie to come out in a long time.  If you like action this a a great choice.  The first 20 minutes is story, followed by an hour and a half battle sequence that really doesn't stop until the credits start to roll.  For a PG13 movie the war is pretty intense and fun to watch.  Overall I would say much, much better then I expected it to be, and action/sci-fi fans won't be dissapointed.  I give it a B+.<br /><br />Would I watch again? - I might, but it wouldn't be my first choice for an invasion movie.<br /><br />*Also try - Skyline & War Of The Worlds
0143038419|5.0|Such a great book. I saw the movie first and the book is just that much better! I probably need to read this again every few years.
B004KPLVW2|5.0|I have been waiting for this for a long time now. This title wasn't widely available on DVD, and prior to the release of the Tron Legacy, auction sites were shown an average of $100 - $150 range for DVD title!    The transfer is very clean, no scratches or other things seen from reel tapes. Details are there despite the film is \\"soft\\" as expected for all older films.    Definitely a nice set placed next to the Tron Legacy.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|I had a great time playing, though the levels seem a bit long.  My biggest complaint is that, after over an hour of game play, I lost my progress when I had to reboot my phone. The game was not running and had been exited from the main menu.  I have no interest in repeating that experience.  Also, the game should pause when a phone event interrupts (like an incoming call or an alarm.) Instead, it closes and all unsaved progress is lost. With levels that are 10 minutes long, this is ridiculous.  Running on a Vibrant/Galaxy S
B000U0F7RG|5.0|I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughters. They spent hours watching it and are now watching it again. Great gift stocking stuffer.
B00280LYIC|2.0|To illustrate how mediocre I found this book to be, I will say this... the ONLY reason I finished this book so I could write a fully informed and honest review.  It didn't take long while reading to discover that the characters were one dimensional, the story uninspired, and the character DESCRIPTIONS often offensive.<br /><br />Since other reviewers spent time addressing the poor quality of writing already, I will just focus on the offensive characters.<br /><br />This book is horrible for perpetuating offensive stereotypes and teaching children to hate or dislike certain \\"types\\" of people.  There are two different girls who bully Percy.  The first is a mortal--and she is red-headed and freckled.  The author goes into great detail about her appearance and every detail reinforces how unattractive she is--especially how unattractive her red hair and freckles are.  The other girl who bullies Percy (a demi-god)is also described in a way that implies how unattractive she is--because she is a big girl.  Basically, in the story all negative characters are described as either red-headed, freckled, over-weight, old, or bald.  Oh, and there's one bad character with a noticeable scar.<br /><br />This book just reinforces negative stereotypes and encourages kids to look at certain people and think they're bad.  And what about the overweight red-headed freckled kids who read this book?  Not exactly a self-esteem booster.<br /><br />I couldn't recommend this book to anyone.
0439023521|5.0|This is a great book! Great for teens and for adults. Usually I am not into books along this nature, but this one drew me right in. A definite must read!
B004FOA84A|4.0|This game is really fun but way too short. Beat it in about an hour and uninstalled... when is the sequal coming?
B004N44SOI|5.0|Well, I have been a Motley Crue fan for 30 (yikes!) years.  Trust me when I say, I haven't loved everything they recorded.  I will say, Nikki Sixx is a great musician/songwriter.  When the first Sixx: a.m. record came out, loved it.  Now, with This is gonna hurt, loving it as well.  His new book is great as well.
0060245867|4.0|We love these books!  We started out with If You Give A Party and that quickly became my son's favorite book.  This book is just as cute.  A great little story that's easy to memorize and add your own little additions too.  Highly recommend this book
B002UXRGLG|5.0|The children and the adults in this family really enjoy and learn from this very good videos.  excellent photograpy.
B004NO03E2|4.0|This album is killer. I do not understand how these guys don't have more mainstream exposure. It's got everything you could want in a thrash band --- blazing riffs, pounding bass, and angry, but discernable vocals. If you're a fan of thrash, this is the album to get. It beats anything EVER made by Anthrax or Slayer. They may even be better than oldschool Metallica. Just saying. If not for one or two ' just ok ' songs, I would've given this effort 5 stars. All songs beginning at track 6 onward are just friggin' awesome. GO GET IT!
B00275EHJG|5.0|OMG I Adore this film! This is what film making is all about. This is an amazing peace of cinema. I didn't really care much for Toy Story 1 and 2 was just ok but this film Wholy Smokes!
B00005JPMZ|3.0|They just rode the wave of a cool franchise but the movie is pretty bad. The visuals are pretty cool but eh!
1444710338|5.0|sticking with this diet for 1 week I lost 10 lbs.  I added in veggies and this has changed my eating habits.  I feel so much better, and my clothes are not tight anymore.
B000A59PMO|5.0|I loved this show when it was on television but because it was on the UPN station first I did not get to see it like I had wanted. I only saw parts of season 3 when they moved it to the CW. Having the DVD of season one let me see how it all started and finally got to understand everything behind what happened in Neptune season two. If you want go back to Neptune high then I recommend getting this on DVD. They have added some extra's to the dvd box. [[ASIN:B000A59PMO Veronica Mars: The Complete First Season]]
B001S6Y0AQ|3.0|The extra CD (CD2) featuring previously unreleased music recorded at the Newport Jazz Festivals in 1961, 1963, and 1964 are a great addition to the Brubeck canon, and the DVD containing an interview with Dave Brubeck, a video of a live performance, and other goodies, is a great bonus as well, but when speaking solely of the sonics of the core album, i.e., CD1 of this release, the \\"Legacy Edition\\" pales in audio quality compared to the previous release (Columbia/Legacy CK 65122, UPC 7464-65122-2, 1997). The aforementioned previous release, though not explicitly credited, was mastered using the HDCD (High Definition Compatible Disc, totally compatible with all 'standard' CD players) technology and it blows away the \\"Legacy Edition.\\" Owning both, I can say that the previous (HDCD) release has an airiness, broadened soundstage, rich sound, and overall definition that when compared to the \\"Legacy Edition,\\" makes the latter sound muffled, like a curtain of gauze exists between the listener and the performance. If the sound quality of the original album is of prime interest, seek out the earlier release instead of the \\"Legacy Edition.\\" If average quality sound are good enough, then the \\"Legacy Edition\\" is a bargain. But if you're like me, and want BOTH the audio quality AND the extra goodies, you'll just have to break down and buy both.
B004EPYZPS|4.0|I should start by saying I really did like this movie, basically because I like Steven Spielberg movies in general.  But after a while it started looking like a \\"who's who\\" of his past (albeit great) films, and a big part of the enjoyment became trying to spot the next \\"cameo\\" by a previous scene, plot device, or character.  We have the \\"clever-kids-who-know-way-more-than-the-clueless-adults\\" of just about every Spielberg movie ever made (ET comes most to mind, for obvious reasons); we have Chief Brody from Jaws (a Sheriff's Deputy this time instead of a Chief of Police, and Lillian, Ohio instead of Amity Island, but you get the idea); we have vehicles driving down a dark, star-covered road in the middle of nowhere when mysteriously all the power goes out (Richard Dreyfuss in Close Encounters, anyone?); we have a baddie/villain/whatever-it-is that we see more and more of as the film progresses (Jaws again); we have dinner-table scenes with kids behaving more wild and out-of-control than any reasonable parent would ever let their kids behave (Close Encounters, again?); and I won't give any spoilers, but suffice to say that the film concludes in a very true-to-form Spielbergian mode.  And let's not forget the 2 inescapable contributions by JJ Abrams -- excessive and intrusive lens flares everywhere you turn (Star Trek?), and the moody (and beautiful) music by Michael Giacchino (L O S T).  But I did like it -- very fun way to spend a summer Saturday afternoon
B0052UZIFA|2.0|Whenever I play the game, and at random during the day since installing, my phone locks up &amp; reboots.  SPRINT EVO
B0025UHKNS|2.0|I purchased my Garmin Forerunner 405CX several months ago and have been using it to track my marathon training.  I will say that when it's working correctly this is a great piece of equipment.  It tracks a lot of different data points about your run, and the customizable training workouts (via free software available at garmin.com) are very useful.    However I cannot recommend this device (or any of the other touch-control bezel devices by Garmin) because the basic design of the device is flawed.  The touch-sensitive control is too sensitive so that any humidity or moisture on the device sends it into an out-of-control frenzy of self-navigation that can ruin your run's tracking.  And frequently I've had the 405CX lock up on me before, during or after a run.  You can check the support forums at Garmin... they acknowledge this happens and recommend 'rebooting' the device when it does.  But if you're in the middle of a run that's hardly a good solution (if you're serious about tracking your runs for measuring your progress).    I've owned the Forerunner 201 and never had this kind of problem.  And in fact if Garmin would replace this with another Forerunner that has good old-fashioned buttons, I would take that trade in a heartbeat.    I cannot recommend this device simply because it is flawed in its design.
B0045HCIZY|5.0|I love this story.  I forget that it is acting because the actors are so relaxed and so real.
B001E45XT4|5.0|TBH the headphones dont blow me away. I have a friend with a 150 dollar pair, those blow me away. But really? 30 Bucks... I am replacing a razer ch(something or other) I bought a couple years ago for over 100 bucks. The razer mic just stopped working for unknown reasons. Anyway they sound great when I am gaming, better than my Razer even. Probably the best Value you can get. They are huge though, so dont think you can be comp gaming in front of family and look cool cause you cant. And I dont know what people are talking about as far as not fitting or straining to fit. I wear a 7 1/4 cap and these dont even have to be extended on my head. I dont feel any stress at all. If i extend them as far as they go they nearly come off my head. So either there are some pretty big grapes out there or maybe they are not extending them. Either way..30 bucks, no brainer.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Heartfelt, touching, funny, and one of the best uses of rock and roll in motion picture history, from \\"Pet Sounds\\" under the bed to the Chipmunks and \\"Oogum Boogum\\" on the soundtrack.  A must see!
B0042MEQVG|5.0|I ABSOLUTELY love this movie. I'm a HUGE Twlight fan. If you haven't seen this movie or have purchased it yet, I recommend you do.
B004G6009U|5.0|I purchased this movie for our daughter not knowing if she'd like it or not from the previews. It was an instant hit with everyone in the family (mom, dad, 2 boys and girl). The songs are great and very catchy. The characters are lovable and hilarious. It's definitely a Disney Classic!!!
0061134007|5.0|Jo Nesbo joins the great ones starting wirh Maj Sovall including Henning Mankell, and Steig Larsson/ simply more interesting than our latest entries into this genre. Michael Conolly rates high along with the Scot Ian Rankin.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Have 20 minutes??? You can do this workout. Love that it has 3 different levels and a modified form of each level. It's not a weak workout. Definitely gets the blood flowing, heart pumping, your body sweating, you breathing heavier etc. Love this workout and have recommended it to a lot of friends and family already.
1572816112|5.0|Just love these to no end
B003UESJFG|5.0|This movie is great for the whole family. There are some lines/some humor that only the teens and adults will get but it really is a movie that kids love as well. Who wouldn't like a goofy, clumsy and hilarious bad guy who mispronounces words like school and ends up finding his good side??? Great movie. Highly recommended
B0052VUNHC|5.0|After reading Providence, Jamie's YA Paranormal Romance, i was pretty sure that Jamie is good. And Beautiful Disaster did not disappoint. I loved the main characters Abby, Travis, America, and Shepley. These individuals were full of flaws that a normal college kid should be and it makes the whole story so real and relatable. As college students, they experienced what a college student should, fall in love, break up, being happy, being miserable, booze, sex, and lots of parties. The emotional roller coasters were captured very very well in this book. I read it in less than a day as it was soooo good i just did not want to put it down. If you love YA Romance, you will love this book as much as i did. I laughed out loud, i cried, i cheered, and i wanted to slap some sense into some of the characters (all due to what a good author does to me). The book was fast paced and was very enjoyable. There were some minor editing flaws but what the heck, i still think this book deserved 5 stars.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|A movie for the entire family. Everyone in the family will be laughing when this goofy bad guy who is often making mistakes along with his sidekick who misinterprets what he's saying all the time. Steve Carrell does an amazing job along with the rest of the cast. Great job Dreamworks!!!
B0000073NC|4.0|This album is good. Its not great but a good one. Its tottaly different then their hits in the future and classic Scorpions but a good album for rock fans to have. The peak moment is with the track Fly to the rainbow which is really great. I have to mention also that i have heard this song from Therion and its better . Check it out and you will see it for yourself.
B00005JLKB|5.0|I'm highly impressed with my purchase. Not only am I completely addicted to Smallville already the purchase itself was well-made. One disk skipped a little bit, but it was easy to fix by just wiping a small patch of glue of the disk. The casing itself is very sturdy and very well made. I will be returning soon to purchase the second season. And then the third and then the fourth. To make a long story short I'll be getting them all eventually.
B001F12J48|3.0|I have already reviewed this.  The product arrived in good condition and in a timely manner, however, it was an old 3D movie with paper glasses and red and blue. We have a new 3D TV and this one was awful.    I gave it to my grandsons.
B00000G5WJ|5.0|The CD took me back to my childhood. I was the ultimate 80's kid growing up. When i saw the CD being sold here, I knew that i had to have it.  Growing up in the 80's were really special to me because pop culture was much more artist driven than it is today with pop culture being image and digital focused. I remember when my father (RIP Dad!) bought the vinyl copy home.  Also, I used to watch the show back then too. When I used to watch the show, I used to imagine that I was one of the charaters LOL. One of my favorite songs on the CD is \\" I can do anything better than you can\\"--It captured the 80's craze of areobics. Plus, I like the song \\"high fidelity\\" as well.
1852864478|4.0|Morpheus of the Endless has had many trials throughout the ages... but none quite as strange as the one he must face in \\"The Sandman, Volume Four: Season of Mists.\\" The fourth collection of Neil Gaiman's classic Sandman series centers on sudden changes in the world of Hell, and the terrifying choice that the Lord of Dreams must make -- who does it go to?<br /><br />After a disastrous meeting with the other Endless, Morpheus goes to Hell to set free his onetime lover, Nada. But when he gets there, he finds that Lucifer is tired of being the lord of Hell, and is shutting the whole place down -- and he gives ownership of it to Morpheus. In the meantime, the souls of the damned are roaming Earth, and the anguished demons have nowhere to go.<br /><br />Morpheus isn't interested in ruling Hell, so soon various powers appear to claim Hell -- Norse, Japanese and Egyptian gods, a trio of powerful demons, Order, Chaos, a Faerie diplomat, and a pair of angels are sent to watch the proceedings. Threats, bribes and tricks ensue, leaving Morpheus with a seemingly-impossible choice to make.<br /><br />Just a warning: This comic book, despite its brilliant storytelling, left me with a sort of squirmy feeling, because it bases itself on Christian theology that many people actually believe in (heaven, hell, Satan, angels, God, etc). But it isn't in line with those beliefs, so some parts of it come across as... uncomfortable.<br /><br />However, you should always keep in mind that it is merely fiction. \\"Season of Mists\\" is epic in scope -- it encompasses different worlds, dimensions and lands in a seeemingly endless, wondrously terrifying universe. Gaiman is absolutely brilliant at conjuring the exquisite and the grotesque, the eerie and the strange -- and he manages all of those here.<br /><br />And the art really helps here -- the bleak, raw wastes of Hell, the snowflake beauty of the angels, the visceral grotesqueness of the demons (one is a lumpen creature with a melting eyeless head and toothy mouths for nipples), and the twilit, mildly unnerving realm of Dreaming.<br /><br />As for Morpheus himself, this story is a surprisingly personal one. He's given a realm he doesn't want, but doesn't seem to have any good way of ridding himself of it (at least, not at first). And the Lord of Dream has to face up to his own misdeeds -- namely, he FINALLY figures out that he was horrible to Nada, and that his punishment of her was cruel. The way their story is wrapped up is painful, but still very touching.<br /><br />\\"The Sandman Volume Four: Season of Mists\\" made me uncomfortable with some of its handling of Christian theology, but there is no denying that it is a richly-imagined, powerful story by a master storyteller.and the twilit, mildly unnerving realm of Dreaming.     As for Morpheus himself, this story is a surprisingly personal one. He's given a realm he doesn't want, but doesn't seem to have any good way of ridding himself of it (at least, not at first). And the Lord of Dream has to face up to his own misdeeds -- namely, he FINALLY figures out that he was horrible to Nada, and that his punishment of her was cruel. The way their story is wrapped up is painful, but still very touching.     \\"The Sandman Volume Four: Season of Mists\\" made me uncomfortable with some of its handling of Christian theology, but there is no denying that it is a richly-imagined, powerful story by a master storyteller.
B004A8ZWSS|5.0|I found this movie very entertaining and thought Angelina and Johnny were a good match for their roles. I did go to the theater to see this movie when it was released and enjoyed it so much I purchased it. This is a movie I like to watch when there's nothing on TV I want to see. If your not one of those people who needs substance or are a movie critic with ridiculous expectations I think you too will enjoy this movie.
B00000JCB2|5.0|The nineties was just one long party and 1999 was the party of all parties. And Limp Bizkit was one of the bands that provided the soundtrack. You can talk bad about this band till your face turn blue but LB is a party band plain and simple. LB was one of the bands that played at college or backyard parties that signed a contract and hit a nerve. Either you love them or hate them but they were never boring. \\"Significant Other\\" was & still one album that can get the party goers jumping. The biggest hits \\"Nookie\\", \\"Break Stuff\\", \\"Rearranged\\" & \\"N 2 Gether Now\\" featuring WU-Tang's Method Man are the smash hits that everybody remembers(and love) but there hidden gems as well. \\"Just Like This\\", \\"I'm Broke\\", \\"1999\\" & \\"Show Me What You Got\\" are also great party rockers. Along with Scott Weiland of Stone Temple Pilots, Jonathan Davis of Korn, Method Man of Wu-Tang Clan, Les Claypool of Primus and even Matt Pinfield joining in on the fun, \\"Significant Other\\" is one of the CDs that documented what type of year 1999 was, one big crazy party & it was a fun one. Here's more music from that great era & what influence LB [[ASIN:B000009ED0 Devil Without a Cause]][[ASIN:B000009QOR Follow the Leader[[ASIN:B00000J7JO Californication[[ASIN:B00001QGPS Blackout[[ASIN:B00000DLVQ Tical 2000 : Judgement Day]][[ASIN:B00002MZ2C Battle of Los Angeles]][[ASIN:B0000CDLBR Thank You]][[ASIN:B00000IMGM Top Dogg]][[ASIN:B00000J7S9 Astro Lounge]][[ASIN:B000A7DVPE All Star: The Smash Hits of Smash Mouth]][[ASIN:B00000JH07 Nothing Safe]][[ASIN:B00001XDNV Black on Both Sides]] [[ASIN:B00024I2YU Greatest Hits 93-03]] Cash Money: 10 Years of Bling 1The Sounds of ScienceOdelayThird Eye BlindMethods of MayhemAnd Then There Was XBest of DmxThe Best Of Sugar RayPast, Present & Future [w/ Bonus DVD]Significant OtherChocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored WaterThree Dollar Bill, Y'AllResults May VaryGreatest HitzWhitey Ford Sings the BluesKorn - Greatest Hits, Vol. 1Blood Sugar Sex MagikCan't Stop 1Big Boi& Dre Present OutkastSpeakerboxxx/ The Love BelowBreak the Cycle1996-2006 The SinglesRollin'Pride Of TexasThe Hits Collection, Vol. 1The Black AlbumVol. 2, Hard Knock LifeUltimate Run Dmc (with Bonus DVD)Greatest HitsColour & The Shape (Exp)There Is Nothing Left to LoseEnter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)Wu-Tang ForeverLegend of the Wu-Tang: Wu-Tang Clan's Greatest HitsRza HitsPlaylist: The Very Best of Wu-Tang Clan
B0050SRZOQ|5.0|I've never seen a series that so eloquently stayed to the story line while building the characters to the peak of the story line. Congratulations to the CW and everyone involved with Smallville. A timeless addition to the Superman saga.    Accolades to the writers, directors, actors, and yes even the network for the commitment to stay with the series and see it to the end.  A lot of networks could learn from the WB/CW. Wake up ABC, NBC, CBS, SyFy because your lack of commitment to a series is exactly why this series and CW get great reviews and those networks end up with lagging ratings.
1440503257|5.0|It was exactly how it was described and I couldn't be happier to have it. It also came pretty quickly!
0316056863|5.0|I bought this book on a whim, not knowing much about Tina Fey other than her work on 30 Rock. I was very pleasantly surprised by her wit, self-depricating humor and story telling. After I finished this (in a matter of days - very quick read), I gave this to my mom to read. Before she had a chance to pick it up, my dad had already started reading it and couldn't stop laughing. Clearly, this is a book that both genders and several generations can enjoy.
B004I654WQ|5.0|My oldest son could not get enough of cars.  The DVD we had was worn out so I was excited to get the blu-ray/dvd combo.  We watch blu-ray mostly at home and then save our DVD's for the car.  We can't wait for Cars 2 to be out at the theater!
0439023521|5.0|This was different than anything else I've read before. It kept my attention, it was a quick read, and I fell in love with the characters. There was great suspense and a lovely \\"love\\" story. Although there are a LOT of unanswered questions, I can't wait to read books 2 and 3.! YOU MUST READ THIS!
030726999X|5.0|It's too bad this author died shortly after finishing this series. These books are spellbinders from start to finish. Highly recommended.
142313494X|4.0|First I must say two things 1) I had never heard of this series prior to the movie being released a few years ago & 2) I love mythos, adore, even was obsessed with it as a kid. Saying that I really enjoyed \\"The Lightning Thief\\" I wish I hadn't seen the film first, because books are far better and I knew what all the twists would be. Anyway, the book was a fun ride, and a hard one for young Percy. Children (even imagined ones) can take on far more than we give them credit for. I like this setting and the characters that were developed, even though there is so much more that we can delve into in future books, the character arcs and the realizations hold a symbolic reality. We are indeed an amalgam of our parents, but we are what we make of ourselves. Anyway, this series appears to be made for youngish boys (preteen, teens, maybe a few years younger) and it holds a lot of action sequences, but those who enjoy a good fantasy and a good story will also enjoy this book.
B003Y5H54W|1.0|With the reviews and how this Red Riding Hood sounds, its not the real Red Riding Hood fairy tale. Please won't you movie makers make a decent pg movie of the REAL Red Riding Hood tale?
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I don't normally write reviews, but when I do, it means the game was really fun to play. It's challenging enough to be entertaining and lots of fun. The graphics on my Droid 2 Global look wonderful and the game runs perfectly smooth. There are plenty of options to give this game lots of replay value. Would definitely recommend.
B004UXUSIM|5.0|I would give it a 5 star. I have seen all of Woody's  films, and with Every one, I step back to ask myself, what was the original silly premise, and how did he follow-through to transform it into a movie?  Also, I ask, \\"who else could have taken the same idea and made it into a movie that will last and last ?\\" Woody has that facility. I am not a director nor a screenwriter. I  do believe I have a nose for a good movie from the tens of thousands of watching movie trailers, then deciding to shell out money  on the merit of the trailer. With trailers being available on-line, movie going has been easier for me and has saved my tons of  money. Enough of me!! Scanning Woody's films, I see in \\"...Paris,\\"   flavors of \\"Play It Again, Sam\\", \\"Radio Days\\", \\"Annie Hall\\".  He has experience in creating the right old-time atmosphere  from \\"Radio Days\\", dialogue with hallucinate figures in \\"Play It Again, Sam\\" and the cartoon witch in \\"Annie Hall\\",childlike magical moments from \\"Alice\\", and \\"Everything....about Sex\\" all which I felt and analyzed from watching the trailer just onlce..  Since Woody has gone overseas after \\"Hollywood Ending,\\"   to create Scoop, Match Point, Christina Barcelona, there has been a re-birth of untapped creativity, taken from his travel bags. This is also a new cast, without Scarlett this time. Who could have taken the same idea to form this movie... Clint? Quentin? Steven? psh psh.   Yep, this is my critique garnered from  just the trailer.   Jump forward to today June 12, 2011. I just saw the movie and was quite confused at my emotions, simple and basic as they already are... the opening scenes were automatically transposed from \\"Manhattan\\", except now instead of Manhattan as THE EPICENTER OF THE UNIVERSE, the viewer is to thrust into the charming arms of Paris and along with the opening lines by Owen Wilson who could not hide Mr. Allen's persona leaching thru. I was pretty angry, thinking I was not supposed to see thru this ruse... BUT.... let me tellyou, then some fairy dust must have been sprinkled on me and I noticed a magical trance, yes-magical, childlike, in fact, slowly enveloped me. I was trance fixed into the screen and also wanted to stay there for the rest of the film. I did not want the film to end.  Midnight in Paris was more than just charming and reminiscent of his other films.   I also wanted to live in the 1920's(In Hollywood, actually. I agreed with Paul, that it is a denial of the present, but who cares?,--the feeling has always been with me. I liked it then, and Midnight in Paris, had convinced I was not wasting my time. Probably will see it again on the big screen. How can this movie be watched on a tv screen let alone on one of those stupid computer tablets or phones?  It can't. Woody Allen should ban this film from these other modalties.
B001TM1X0O|5.0|This book is the truth in print.  It covers all those areas that we all hear others and ourselves making excuses for.  It is so breathtaking to see that someone else has gone through the same thing.  The male counterpart never suffers, he just has all the lines, and most all of them are in this book.  All young girls need to read and re-read this book, they would do themselves a huge service to save themselves a lot of time and hurt, to realize what is going on and then move on.
1569242739|5.0|I've made almost every one of these cupcakes and every time it's a hit for vegans and non-vegans. This was also one of the first vegan baking books I bought so the first few pages that talk about ingredients and substitutions were really helpful. LOVE LOVE LOVE this book! Love the ganache. Love the tiramisu cupcakes. The one issue I've had is that some of the recipes are really sweet, but that's easily adjustable to suit one's own taste. It would have also been helpful if the measurements were also listed by weight. I found myself converting them often on my own.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Fun Game!! Once you start playing the game you will be hooked. What's better than Killing some Zombies. I was very happy with this Game you will be too. HTC EVO 3D
B003XKPPOU|5.0|I really liked Toy Story and just liked Toy Story 2.  With Toy Story 3 I was pretty sure I was going to really enjoy it.  I went and saw it in the theater and my expectations were exceeded.  The animation was absolutely incredible.  The story had so many allusions to other movies and the earlier two Toy Story movies yet for me it created it's own story amazingly well, which is what I have come to expect from Pixar in all their movies.  The voice talent was excellent.    It was the ending in particular that really took this from a good movie onto a great movie.  It was really a classic ending not even taking into consideration that it was an animated movie.    The extras on the blu ray disc are excellent and that it comes with a DVD and digital copy is such an amazing product.  All for the price that Amazon has it for makes this really a steal.
B002ZG9774|5.0|Acres of fishnet stockings, towering heels, corsets and pristine red lips, contribute to one of those rare \\"feel good\\" films you can watch over and over again. The music makes the film, a great selection of numbers, and Christine Aguilera (Ali) has a great set of pipes to do them justice; she also shows that she has a great figure and can act a bit! Cher is a little plastic in the role of club-owner, but makes it work for her, while Stanley Tucci takes every gay stereotype you can imagine and throws them back at you in a dazzling role, taking care of the girls backstage. Eric Dane and Cam Gigandet are solid and play the rivals for Ali's heart, while I liked Alan Cumming's portrayal of Alexis, the door manager, and owner of some great facial gestures. The dancers are solid and believable, kind enough to each other to be friends and just bitchy enough to be real. Apart from the cast, kudos must go to the lighting crew and make-up artists for doing a superb job in making everyone look good, and the cameraman for catching those moments. Just delightful, I loved it!
B004XZ99LO|5.0|This show is basically a condensed version of Quidam, CSs best show ever.  It includes the living statues act and the tumbler act,  with their original music.  All of this is woven into a coming-of-age story perfect for all ages.   In 3D it really is beautiful. This is the best 3D disk that I have seen so far. I would suggest that anyone who has the necessary hardware should grab this item immediately.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This game is awesome! Every level is uber fun, challenging, entertaining and silly :) You can tell PopCap games put a lot of effort into this game! They even have bio's for each plant and zombie! So very highly recommended!!!!
B00538LHGU|2.0|I should warn prospective buyers that the Blu-ray transfer is almost as disappointing as the film. It's excessively soft * (eye-straining on a large display) and virtually grain-free, suggesting that heavy grain reduction was used. Not good -- not good at all. They should also be aware that the Blu-ray is available from at least one other source for considerably less.<br /><br />\\"Maverick\\" should have been a truly great entertainment, a classic film, close in quality to \\"Superman\\". (Really.) It's /so/ disappointing that \\"disaster\\" seems the only valid adjective.<br /><br />Its origin is the classic '50s TV Western, with James Garner and Jack Kelly alternating as Bret and Bart Maverick, quick-witted gamblers. America took James Garner to its collective heart, and made him (arguably) the most-belov&eacute;d TV actor ever, even unto this day. Women adored him -- my mother drooled.<br /><br />So how do you make a lousy film from such good material? Richard Donner has been blamed -- one critic said of this film \\"Stop him before he directs again!\\". Donner's failure is not so much poor direction (though it appears everyone was having too much of a good time to pay close attention to what was going on in front of the camera), but not recognizing what a lousy script he'd been handed -- then doing something about it.<br /><br />The William Goldman script is a major problem. Goldman doesn't know the basics of good screenwriting, such as terse dialog, ** and scenes or sequences that build from a start and develop to an end. (Ever heard of Beethoven, Bill?) The script is notably devoid of comic or dramatic tension, and the un-con-voluted plot doesn't help, either. (One expects Bret to be in on a couple of major cons, not just the one at the end.) The twists and turns are left for the finale, none of them particularly surprising.<br /><br />Goldman's dialog is spectacularly flat and unamusing. Example... When Bret crawls on top of the runaway stagecoach to stop it, Coop (Garner) asks if the driver is asleep. Bret's witty reply... \\"No, he's dead.\\" Duh... How about \\"He's got a bad case of not breathing\\"? Or even \\"Yeah... The big sleep.\\" Not brilliant, but at least an /attempt/ to be funny in a film that's supposed to be a comedy. Mr Goldman, you cannot build a comedy with bricks of \\"on the nose\\" dialog.<br /><br />The other major problem is Gibson's severely limited acting range. \\"Wit\\" and \\"intelligence\\" are not qualities one associates with Mr Gibson. Unfortunately, they /are/ qualities one associates with Bret Maverick, and James Garner so marvelously displayed. Gibson knows how to play \\"goofy\\" (as in Three Stooges goofy), but no idea of how to be witty. His Bret Maverick is an undisciplined doofus, absolutely /not/ the sort of behavior one expects from a successful gambler. It doesn't help that, standing next to Garner, he looks like a scrawny li'l runt.<br /><br />James Garner made a /career/ of playing what might be called a \\"professional coward\\". His characters -- in \\"Maverick\\", \\"Nichols\\", \\"The Americanization of Emily\\", and even \\"The Rockford Files\\" -- are acutely aware of the odds, and prefer not to get involved unless those odds heavily favor success. But Gibson's Maverick admits he's \\"spineless\\", and too-often acts foolishly -- especially letting his head be turned by a pretty face (particularly when she's a gambler), and allowing her to repeatedly lift his billfold. In short, Mel Gibson's Bret Maverick AIN'T James Garner's Bret Maverick, and the comparison, as the British say, is odious.<br /><br />Gibson's playing Maverick like Clark Kent works against us believing the character as a \\"swave\\" operator around women. His first private encounter with Jodi Foster is remarkably tensionless and unconvincing, partly due to Goldman's poor dialog.<br /><br />If your level of expectation is extremely low, you /might/ enjoy this film. But those who grew up with the witty original are likely to react with loud braying. This is a jackass of a movie.<br /><br />* No, it is /not/ my player (Sony BDP-S550) or display (KURO 151). The disk's splash panel is almost eye-rippingly sharp.<br /><br />** By terse, I mean \\"every word counts\\". Goldman too often says nothing.e disk's splash panel is almost eye-rippingly sharp.    ** By terse, I mean \\"every word counts\\". Goldman too often says nothing.
B000P7V45S|5.0|The 1993 Remastering of the complete Genesis catalogue did a fantastic job of capturing Genesis as they were intended to be...<br /><br />This new hype is just targeted at getting a chunk of your wallets contents..<br /><br />Dont be a gimmick sucker..Stick with the 1993 Remasters....They were right the first time
0553386794|5.0|Once upon a time, I loved epic fantasy.<br /><br />It started with Tolkien, and then, thanks to a marketing gimmick that offered a big chunk of the first book for ninety-nine cents, spread to Robert Jordan.  Other names went into the mix-- Goodkind and Carey and Eddings and Williams and Hobb and so on-- but one came to dominate: George R.R. Martin.  I only picked up A Game of Thrones because of the cover blurb from Robert Jordan, but Martin quickly displaced Jordan from the top spot on my list of favorite doorstopper fantasy writers.  I suffered through all but the first couple months of the five year wait for A Feast for Crows, maintaining my interest in the series even as I gave up on other epic fantasy writers as no longer offering anything I wanted.<br /><br />Even as the wait for A Dance with Dragons extended, I kept the characters and situations of the series at the back of my mind.  Then, a few months ago, joy and rapture, a publication date for the new book was announced.  I resolved to reread the first four volumes sometime closer to that release date.  I was a little nervous about it.  My sense of what constitutes good writing had evolved considerably in the years since I'd done anything more than glance at my copies of Game, Clash, Storm and Feast.  Would I find the characters flat, the plot non-existent, the style laughable?<br /><br />At first, I did have some trouble getting back into the rhythm of Martin's prose.  There is a lot of exposition, not always presented in the most natural manner, and his use of the third-person limited viewpoint sometimes jars with that, as though characters find history, geography, and etiquette lessons running through their heads at convenient moments.  Martin's language, while never awkward, is rather workmanlike, which can have a wearying effect in an 800 page book.  There are times when thematic messages are brought home too heavily, and attempts at pathos backfire, suffering from what one might, after Oscar Wilde, call Little Nell syndrome.<br /><br />But against these defects are ranged great virtues that reminded me why I've stuck with this series at a time when I'm no longer a fan of epic fantasy.  There's the world-building, which has not only depth but breadth.  Unlike some other writers, who enjoy detailing certain aspects of their milieu but leave others implausibly blank, Martin offers a dizzying array of information: a map, of course, and a basic chronology, but also details of religion, culture, history, myth, agriculture, and warfare.  From mouth-watering descriptions of lavish food to the different heraldic arms of a dizzying number of houses, the world of A Song of Ice and Fire is rich in the small realities that make an unfamiliar milieu, whether historical or fictional, come alive.<br /><br />But a novel is more than its setting, and the real power of the series is its characters, who are wittier, nastier, and more ambitious than anyone you'll ever meet, yet also recognizably human.  Martin plays with the tropes of fantasy-- scheming nobles and mysterious, threatening forces, evil queens and bastards of uncertain parentage.  But the absence of a Dark Lord means that good and evil are harder to separate.  In a violent feudal society where loyalty can come at a steep price, is valor wiser than discretion?  Stout-hearted honor may be laudable when you're on a quest against demons, but when your enemies are humans with complex drives and unknowable motivations, it may bring ruin, or an executioner's sword, down upon your head.  The full scope of this moral ambiguity doesn't become clear in A Game of Thrones, which is, after all, only the first movement of a larger story, but there's enough to make clear that the series won't be offering easy answers or happy endings.  A grim, gritty atmosphere is another of this novel's virtues, though one that makes it decidedly unsuitable for pre-teen fantasy fans.  Knights can be noble and dashing, but they can also be brutal rapists, and while invented colloquial swearing has its place here, more familiar four-letter words add to the air of dark realism.<br /><br />It may seem an obvious thing to say in light of the recent HBO adaptation (which I haven't seen), but even before that was announced I had thought George R. R. Martin had a very cinematic imagination.  Whether this was the cause or the result of the Hollywood career whose conclusion left him able to write A Game of Thrones, he is especially adept at constructing chapter-ending images that, despite the flat prose, are as exciting as if one were actually there, watching it happen.  The book ends on two gorgeous quasi-cliffhangers that will, I'm sure, make for riveting viewing, leaving those viewers who don't want to read the series deeply satisfied yet desperate to find out what happens next.<br /><br />Many of the characters of A Game of Thrones are children when the novel begins, and events force them to grow up fast.  Although sometimes it's played too forcefully, this is mostly a good way to bring home the harshness of a medieval milieu.  Westeros may be a glamorous place, but you'd never want to go there, at least during the timespan of this series.  For the rereader, there is a special potency as characters envision reunions that will never occur, promise victories that will be denied them, plan for futures they won't live to see.  As I approached each twist of fate, I found myself hoping that somehow things would play out differently this time, which, of course, they didn't.<br /><br />There is much less magic in this novel than in other contemporary fantasy.  There are signs and portents, dreams that might be prophetic, and a few rituals that might or might not actually accomplish anything, but this is a world where magic has been unknown for a long time.  Its gradual return, across this volume and future ones, lends it an ominous quality it wouldn't have if it was a commonplace, fully worked-out system.  The magic of A Game of Thrones is mostly in the reading experience, in the use of the epic fantasy form to explore the brutality of medieval life, the virtues and flaws of the wealthy and powerful, and the sense of wonder that any great work of speculative fiction brings.earing has its place here, more familiar four-letter words add to the air of dark realism.    It may seem an obvious thing to say in light of the recent HBO adaptation (which I haven't seen), but even before that was announced I had thought George R. R. Martin had a very cinematic imagination.  Whether this was the cause or the result of the Hollywood career whose conclusion left him able to write A Game of Thrones, he is especially adept at constructing chapter-ending images that, despite the flat prose, are as exciting as if one were actually there, watching it happen.  The book ends on two gorgeous quasi-cliffhangers that will, I'm sure, make for riveting viewing, leaving those viewers who don't want to read the series deeply satisfied yet desperate to find out what happens next.    Many of the characters of A Game of Thrones are children when the novel begins, and events force them to grow up fast.  Although sometimes it's played too forcefully, this is mostly a good way to bring home the harshness of a medieval milieu.  Westeros may be a glamorous place, but you'd never want to go there, at least during the timespan of this series.  For the rereader, there is a special potency as characters envision reunions that will never occur, promise victories that will be denied them, plan for futures they won't live to see.  As I approached each twist of fate, I found myself hoping that somehow things would play out differently this time, which, of course, they didn't.    There is much less magic in this novel than in other contemporary fantasy.  There are signs and portents, dreams that might be prophetic, and a few rituals that might or might not actually accomplish anything, but this is a world where magic has been unknown for a long time.  Its gradual return, across this volume and future ones, lends it an ominous quality it wouldn't have if it was a commonplace, fully worked-out system.  The magic of A Game of Thrones is mostly in the reading experience, in the useof the epic fantasy form to explore the brutality of medieval life, the virtues and flaws of the wealthy and powerful, and the sense of wonder that any great work of speculative fiction brings.
0307272702|5.0|I think this book is a must read for people who want to lose weight and want to understand why we get fat. I have lost 20 lbs by following the guidelines laid out in the book since reading it. i have also recommended it to my friends.
B00129H7VS|5.0|Wonderful series. Even if you're not a history buff, this is still great entertainment. The story is amazing, the acting is top notch, and watching it on Blu-ray is amazing!
B000JIHP88|4.0|My daughter loves this mobile. The characters are so cute and the motion of the leaves keeps her interested in it.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Given alot is fictional, who could fault the accuracy in the story. Gives life to the whole thing.  Cant't think anyone could do a better historical movie.
B002QEXBGS|3.0|Nice performance, quite entertaining, but this is one of Offenbach's weakest compositions. It is by far less quality than his last one \\"The Tales of Hoffman\\". In the present Operetta one can see Offenbach's mediocrity, rather than his genius that was exposed only later.  Natalie Dessay's performance, though is worth watching. ... and the last half an hour becomes very catchy.
B003UESJEM|5.0|Those of you who have been terminated will relate to this film. First, the acting is very good. Ben Affleck plays a laid off MBA-type executive who has to face the reality of being terminated. He thinks he'll get another job in a few days but spends months going to interviews, and getting rejected. This film resembles real life -- getting terminated and having to leave immediately. Usually a guard escorts you out. In this film,  jobs are not out sourced; the company is downsized so it will appear more profitable than it is. This makes it a good takeover target. (Outplacement helps you re-write your resume and teaches you how to present yourself to a prospective employee. Most valuable is, they teach you how to do a 2-minute drill: \\"tell me about yourself\\". Most executives are sent to outplacement services.) The scenes in outplacement are true to life, where they tell you to put only the last ten years on your resume, how to have a positive attitude, let everyone know you're looking for a job.  This is painful, because you don't want your friends to know you've been terminated. The writer/director is making a statement about jobs lost that are not coming back. Steel mills have been shuttered, shipbuilding gone overseas. It's a film about transitions, most of them painful. Ben's wife, an RN, sticks with him, props him up during difficult times, when Ben felt worthless.  Kevin Costner does a terrific job as a building contractor, who hires Affleck as a carpenter. The film makes this point: in business, friendships come second. If you have to terminate a close friend, then do it. (Dreadful, but true.) The film utilizes the $800 billion Wall Street bailout as background. A good film!
B0001AUAU4|4.0|I saw a documentary on PBS about Carla Bruni and liked her voice and decided to order this album.  I have enjoyed listening to her as she brings a little bit of Paris into my living room.
B003UESJH4|5.0|A rare insight in the normal life of the Monarchy.  Having a king with a stuttering problem can be very awkward.  This movie shows how he overcame his problem and with the help of his wife and coach and went on to success.  There are several amusing moments in which you would never normally think a king would have.  We have always put them on the pedestal of perfection, this movie shows them to be normal human beings complete with normal problems.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|I am editing my review as the updates seem to be in time with the android market now. Rio is a great game! Runs fine on Samsung Galaxy mesmerize.
B002BU0DPE|1.0|Pros:  - Great sound quality, superb.  - Chat boost  - Adjustable EVERYTHING (Chat, game sound, bass, turn on/off mic, position of mic and size of headset)  Cons:  - Headset starts to hurt after one wears it too long (1 hour +)  - Crappy design, as in, not durable (look below)  - Addressing the durability -> The chat started coming through one ear and the chat sound that was coming out was full of static. The part that attaches to the ear muffs to the band, broke. The adjusting part of the headset, broke. The chat boost, stopped functioning properly. The foam on the ear muffs started to break down, as well as the padding on the band. The adjusting part of the headset began to loosen. The mic itself started to become harder to adjust.  - The price was too much for what you get.  - The cord gets in the way.    All the pro's only apply when it's ACTUALLY working. I treated mine perfectly. I spent $80 dollars on this headset and it only functions for almost 6 months? That's not worth it. I had to start duct taping it together, which further decreased the comfort level. It was just a mess.    I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS. I've had many other friends have theirs break as well, so do not buy this.     If you have any questions, please ask.
B004J88SGC|2.0|All I can say is one thing. His voice is really bad in this concert. If you can live with it then the back up and band is better than he is at the time he sang. I agree with one about thinking the man was drunk. You just don't have a concert like this and sound like that. Also the DVD comes in your not so standard case. Something like a clear CD case. The hard plastic kind and the middle hub was broke and we know what that could mean. A DVD that has moved during shipment and scratched a new DVD all to heck. I know they can do better than this as well as Billy with his voice. Its time to retire and remember the good ol days when the pipes worked flawlessly. I give it two stars just because his voice is bad threw the whole concert.
0307719774|5.0|This would not only be an amazing gift but it's also a ton of fun to fill out.  The first year is fun to fill out just a simple question a day and it asks some simple questions and some thought provoking ones too.  I think it will be great to compare my answers throughout the years.  I also got this at a very interesting part of my life where the next 5 years will be the most life changing years of my life.  I am really excited to see what happens to my responses after 5 years.      Also, it's smaller than it looks.  It's about the size of an index card, a little bigger I think.
031261246X|5.0|When I began reading this book, it had just arrived in the mail after the release.   After chapter one it had me hooked. I couldn't stop.   Another few hours later (in the middle of the night) I stopped and read a few chapters every day (I needed some sleep too :)).    By now, I have finished reading the book and can tell you (and the author), I liked every bit of it.     The story is so realistic (and so \\"detailcorrect\\") that the very thought of it just wants you to read/know how it ends.   Also the characters and there background are described in much detail, which really lets you imagine the story is \\"real\\".    In short:   A \\"must read\\" for everyone!    Chapter 1 in PDF: (warning, will get you hooked too) :)   [...]
B002MQYOFW|5.0|From the first page, this book catches you and reels you in. Every chapter left you hanging, down to the last one. I can't wait to read the rest in the trilogy.
B003FVI2KQ|5.0|Awesome processor with very great OC capabilities and performance.  The stock cooling system is very disappointing though. It creates a lot of ruckus. A big downer for the awesome product that AMD has churned out.
B002XZ62HK|5.0|I had this cd before, and lost it, could not find it in any stores ( not too many Celtic Women fans around here) I finally went on Amazon, and just tried it and I found the c.d. I grabbed it right away.  Its so nice to here this one again. I have a lot of there c.d.'s and all are my favorite, but this one just a little more.
0316066524|5.0|On my third attempt to finish this remarkable book I finally made it.  Full of psychotropic arcania, tennis trivia, frustrating obscurity, and moments of high comedy, any attempt to synopsize this post-modernist epic would be an exercise in futility.  Don't consider any attempt that you have encountered to tell you what the plot is, or what the book is about.  The emotional range is stunning, with moments of genuine despair, revulsion, joy, and triumph.  The style ranges from the most esoteric (I don't think I've ever used my dictionary more) to straight-forward and declarative.    What I will say is this:  Differing from any fiction I have read in the last ten years, this book haunts me; it gnaws at me; it invades my thoughts at unexpected times and in unexpected ways.  Sentences and scenes come to my mind with hallucinatory clarity.  My vision of the world has been subtly changed.    The book is not without flaws, and the sheer logistics of reading it, with its 200 pages of endnotes - some of which are chapter length - make the challenge of reading it all the greater.  Yet I think that was part of the author's plan.  There must often be pain to temper the pleasure.    So as to not sound too serious, I should again mention that this book is full of humor, often laugh-out-loud humor.  But I find the book ultimately sad, profoundly sad.    For those with a taste for challenging fiction, often brutally honest, I cannot recommend this book highly enough.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|Love both these musicians -- Clapton & Winwood -- so this was bound to be a winner!  There's a \\"spare\\" feel to most of the cuts and it's nice how they mixed the songs from each musician.  I play this almost daily!
B004SBX112|1.0|application works fine for a while, but then will not open.  will not update or re-install.  very frustrating!  great app when it works!
B001I0T92Q|4.0|I bought this for my PSP to create a 16GB memory card using 2 Micro SD 8GB memory cards, well all I can say is that it works!. Only bad thing is that it is made of very cheap plastic but hey! IT IS CHEAP isn't is?! LOL
B004I8WD7S|5.0|The case fits an iPhone 4 perfectly. It is slightly a lighter color than the phone itself and partially transparent, so it doesn't dramatically change the look of the phone. It was easy to put on, but never slips off. There are holes in all the right place. It provides a better grip than just holding the iPhone by itself.    It also came with a think film to protect the screen and a wipe. Those aren't neccessary, but they are nice touches.     What else would you want?
B004SIP8OI|3.0|I bought this for myself since I really like the movie although when I got it a couple of minutes ago, the cover was partially broken (the clip to close it was broken and the disc is a little dirty/sticky) I was not very happy...
0553103547|5.0|I started reading this series when there were already three books in it, and I'm now a raving fan boy.  This is hands down THE BEST fantasy fiction series I have ever read.  Nothing comes close or compares as far as I'm concerned.  Beware, the author takes his time releasing new volumes in the series, and I dread the day when I hear of his death in the news before the series has had its full run.  ;(
B00006JL1Z|5.0|I guess no one but me has noticed the conspicuous absence of a hit single from this otherwise awesome Fleetwood Mac collection.  That single was \\"Fireflies,\\" the only charting single from the FLEETWOOD MAC LIVE album.  Sure, the song's on that CD, by why isn't it here?  This would have been the perfect place to put the 45 version of the song, which is slightly edited from the album version.  They did it with \\"Over My Head,\\" \\"Rhiannon,\\" and \\"Say You Love Me,\\" so it would have been nice to have had the 45 version of \\"Fireflies\\" along with them.  Other reviewers have whined about the sound quality here.  I think it's vastly improved over earlier issues of this material.  The master tapes used for this collection are several generations earlier than those used for prior releases, and the reproduction bears this out.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|[[ASIN:B000W7JWUA The Settlers of Catan]]    it's really a funny games and good to play with other friends.
014241722X|5.0|I purchased this book as a gift for my sister so I don't know what it's about. The service, however, was awesome. Thanks.
B002ZG981E|3.0|Actually, I don't recall whether I ordered Inception, with Digital copy in mind. I think I did. The DVD was not delivered promptly, I called Amazon and they handled it wonderfully, sending me out a re-order for the Inception (Blu-Ray + DVD + Digital Copy. Of course I got burned...the Digital Copy expired approximately May 25th (when I tried to copy it, and I received it yesterday. The date on the back of the packaging actually shows the expiration date more clearly than another movie I had boughten at Target (the font must have been in the 2-4 range). I give WB credit for having on the front sticker an note under the Digital Copy...\\"See package back for Digital Copy expiration date), which is more than other similar products have had. Interestingly, the back said it was supposed to expire on 5/6/11 versus my computer attempt telling me 5/25/11. Regardless, I am going to be very wary and cautious and I advise other people to as well. In my episode with Target, I told the manager, that having a product on their shelf with a digital copy sticker on it (expired) is \\"dancing a fine line of ethical retail practice\\". No it was not marked on the shelf tag as being a digital copy edition, however it was priced as if it were, I believe around $19.99. With the price of gas the way it is, I was not going to drive home, and back and burn $10 of gas, for a refund. There are on-lne sights that spell out the dates of the expiration of digital copies. My advice is if you want a digital copy of a movie, buy the blu-ray/DC version asap when released and bring your reading glasses as the expiration dates are hard to find. By the way, I told the Target store manager, that the responsible thing to do would be to mark out the Digital Copy sticker on that item, which was still on the shelf in the same manner, and other similar items. Actually, the Movie Industry/DVD production packaging people, should manufacture these dvd's and sticker them with tags, that can be torn off, or have the Digital Copy expiration date more prominently displayed on the front. Stores that sell DVD's with Digital copies, should have a sign to remind their consumers to check the expiration date, and the cashiers should be trained to check and advise the customer as well. Yes, I know that it would cost them valuble seconds, however, they will have better customer service. I hesitate to shop at Target now, but I have few options and their prices are usually pretty good. Amazon was excellent however, they did the best they could.
0439023521|4.0|The book reminds me of the movie Gladiator, where combatants had to fight each to death in the arena. Though it has been portrayed in the media as a really violent book, there are not many killings in this book. In fact, even during the actual Games, the characters spend most of their time gathering roots and plants and hunting for squirrels than actually fighting each other. Apparently, you can survive and subsist in the jungle just by eating leaves off trees.     However, the scenes at the Capitol are alluringly described and it is easy to imagine it as a very advanced society where everything is shiny and dazzling. The author, Suzanne Collins, has a good sense of fashion and Katniss's clothes, designed by Cinna, who is probably gay, are well depicted in detail.     It is noteworthy that Thresh, probably the only black player in the Games, saves Katniss as she is about to be killed by Clove. The scene where Cato is killed by muttations is gruesome and one has to feel for him even though Cato is portrayed as the main villain. Lastly, the character of Peeta Mellark is weak and underdeveloped as he spends most of the time cracking lame jokes rather actually fighting.
B00005JL7Q|5.0|I have seen this movie so many times, but am entertained by it every time. To me, this is Grant's best film to date, and the excellent supporting cast of Nicolas Hoult, Toni Colette and Victoria Smurfitt are perfectly suited to their roles. The film has the perfect amount of humor, tragedy, and humanity and it is one I turn to again and again.
0307477479|4.0|I picked up A Visit from the Goon Squad because it'd been on the bestseller lists for a while. That, and because it sounded like a mob book and it's been a long time since I'd read The Godfather. Oh, and apparently it won the Pulitzer. The cover promised whimsy and rock-n-roll, so I dived in.<br /><br />I wasn't prepared for what I encountered. Even a little bit.<br /><br />The book opens on Sasha, a thirty-something (I think?) recounting to her psychiatrist the events of a first (and last) date with a guy named Alex. We quickly learn that Sasha likes to steal things, that this is why she's in therapy. We also learn that until recently, Sasha worked as the assistant of Bennie Salazar, a record producer. She quit because Bennie's company was in Southern Manhattan, and she couldn't bear to work near the hole the World Trade Center had left. The chapter ends with Sasha on the counseling couch, silently and contemplative, feeling the minutes ticking away. No mobsters.<br /><br />Chapter two jumps to Bennie Salazar himself, only Sasha is still working for him. Bennie is recently divorced and takes Sasha and his son Chris with him to check on a band he's signed but which hasn't produced anything good for him in a while. We also learn that Bennie is impotent and eating gold flakes to try to regain his virility. Bennie and Sasha wonder together what will become of the empty space at Ground Zero. And that reminiscing leads Bennie to think about his old mentor, Lou, and his old band.<br /><br />Chapter three jumps back to the days of the old band, and we witness the first meeting between a twenty-something Bennie and Lou. By now it's clear A Visit from the Goon Squad is not at all what I expected.<br /><br />Each chapter follows the same format. Another character connected in some way big or small to other characters we've met. And every chapter deals in some way with the cruel passing of time.<br /><br />Each chapter is different - sometimes first person, others third. Often we get only one person's point of view. Occasionally we get more. Near the end, Egan introduces us to Sasha's family through the PowerPoint journal of her daughter, Alison. The whole chapter is a series of slides that give us a glimpse into life with her autistic brother, Lincoln, who is obsessed with pauses in rock music. According to Sasha (according to Alison's slide), Lincoln likes the pauses because,<br /><br />The pause makes you think the song will end. And then the song isn't really over, so you're relieved. But then the song does actually end, because every song ends, obviously, and THAT. TIME. THE. END. IS. FOR. REAL.\\"<br /><br />An ominous echo of the book's themes. All these encounters we are party to serve as pauses. Reminders that time doesn't stop for any of us. That life keeps moving. That the end comes for all of us.<br /><br />It's easy to see why Egan won the Pulitzer. Goon Squad is skillfully and artfully woven. The characters are compelling if mostly tragic. And as Egan leads us through the book, she paints a picture of a people tragically becoming aware of our own mortality. But where are those mobsters?<br /><br />In the mouths of several characters who have fallen on hard times, we finally meet the Goon Squad:<br /><br />\\"Time is a goon.\\"<br /><br />This is a book about growing up and growing old. Time marches on for all of us, and we're powerless against it. Under Egan's skilled pen, 9/11 is a national coming-of-age, a pause in the music of our lives that reminds us all of our own mortality. The book's tone is heavily melancholic, but Egan does not leave us hopeless.<br /><br />Goon Squad's final chapter is a window ten years into the future, through the eyes of Sasha's uninspired date, Alex, from chapter one. In a world shaped by technologies just familiar enough to be believable, Egan reminds us that time is not the only force at work in our world.<br /><br />Many of the characters we've met throughout the book come together to hear a burned-out, paranoid, used-to-be musician. A man who bears the marks of time on his body and soul. A man who has transformed his wounds into art, whose pain has become art.<br /><br />The world of fear, pain and disconnectedness birthed from the pause we all experienced when the Towers crashed down is subsumed in another pause. For a whole people, gathered in the Footprint (which is what the ruins of Ground Zero have become), a concert becomes a pause of redemption. A reminder that we're not alone, that there's something bigger than any or all of us out there.<br /><br />Goon Squad is Egan's love letter to our culture. She reminds us that time can heal and time can destroy. We all move through our world. And time is kind. And time is cruel. But life always moves forward. Redemption is always right around the corner. Nearly a decade after 9/11, Egan may be the first author to help us come to grips with the changes it wrought on our culture. Especially in the wake of bin Laden's death, Goon Squad offers us a real chance to heal and move forward.<br /><br />Bottom Line: a great story with great characters that'll definitely reward multiple rereads. Do yourself a favor and pick it up. Enjoy the pause Egan offers.as transformed his wounds into art, whose pain has become art.    The world of fear, pain and disconnectedness birthed from the pause we all experienced when the Towers crashed down is subsumed in another pause. For a whole people, gathered in the Footprint (which is what the ruins of Ground Zero have become), a concert becomes a pause of redemption. A reminder that we're not alone, that there's something bigger than any or all of us out there.    Goon Squad is Egan's love letter to our culture. She reminds us that time can heal and time can destroy. We all move through our world. And time is kind. And time is cruel. But life always moves forward. Redemption is always right around the corner. Nearly a decade after 9/11, Egan may be the first author to help us come to grips with the changes it wrought on our culture. Especially in the wake of bin Laden's death, Goon Squad offers us a real chance to heal and move forward.    Bottom Line: a great story with great characters that'll definitely reward multiple rereads. Do yourself a favor and pick it up. Enjoy the pause Egan offers.
B001FB4VXU|3.0|Best show ever!   I only gave it 3 stars because disc 2 is not working. The sound comes on but no picture. Very disappointing for a new disc.
B001992NW4|5.0|Without a doubt, the Exorcist is the the greatest horror movie ever made.  With many scenes included that were edited out originally, the movie is even better.  This is a must see movie for anyone who never had the opportunity to see it.  This is true movie making genius unlike most of the crap that is made today.
1439102724|3.0|A TOUCHING STORY AND CREATED THOUGHT PROVOKING DISCUSSIONS IN THE BOOK GROUP.  THE BONUS MUSIC CD WAS A SURPRISE THAT I WASN'T EXPECTING.
B000MR9D5E|4.0|Not blaming the shipper (because they did a pretty good job wrapping it up with multiple layers of stuff), but it arrived with dents and broken plastic parts inside the DVD case. The DVDs were fine and played well. Will buy from them again.
0345529057|5.0|I have been following the Cable Series The Game of Thrones.  looking forward to reading the entire series.  Good Price for the whole set.  Arrived in perfect condition and timely.
B000001AJO|4.0|Following up [[ASIN:B00004SZWD Songs in the Key of Life]] and the commercially puzzling [[ASIN:B000024C7W Journey Through the Secret Life of Plants]] was a bit of an awkward task for Stevie Wonder,now entering his third decade of recording and of his life. Even though the dynamic cover art,featuring Stevie in his iconic dreadlocked image the album is a bit puzzling in terms of Stevie's forward progression. It's still as generally upbeat and melodically challanges as any of Stevie's classics but at the very time it would've been it's most useful Stevie largely turned his back on innovating melodic electronic soundscapes in his songs to creating what ammounts to a live instrumental oriented album with his working band Wonderlove. You'd think he'd have taken a cue from songs such a Yarborough & People's [[ASIN:B00008FY6N  Don't Stop the Music]],itself expanding upon Stevie's original innovations on funk synthesizer. That is THE single only reason I deduct one star personally because it's one of Stevie's less musically innovative albums. Still it's very enjoyable with some interesting musical ideas along the way.<br /><br />  \\"Did I Hear You Say You Love Me\\",\\"As If You Read My Mind\\",\\"Do Like You\\" and \\"I Ain't Gonna Stand For It\\" all fit into that live band uptempo horn soul/latin-funk groove. The latter even takes a disco beat married to a steel guitar like sound and Stevie lampooning a country western drawl, an appropriately witty idea for a song whose lyrics seems to subtly mock the anti disco \\"freeze out\\" emminating heavily from \\"rust belt\\",cowboy culture America at the time that was keeping music like this off pop radio. And yes that effect Wonder too. He does pull out some heavy funk on \\"Cash In Your Face\\",a song speaking of black families finding home loans still difficult to come by due to racial mistrust. On more optimistic notes \\"Master Blaster\\",Stevie's one released reggae number pays tribute to the then just depart departed Bob Marley. \\"Happy Birthday\\" is not only the one song here that does feature him innovating funk synthesizer again but also in this case in his quest to change the law to make Martin Luther King Jr's birthday a national holiday and it's a sprightly,ethereal sounding tribute.<br /><br />  \\"All I Do\\" is another dance oriented song in the early 80's disco/urban soul varient now known as \\"boogie\\". The song was originally written and recorded for and by Tammi Terrell in 1966 but here we hear his own version. The two strongest numbers here are the ballads \\"Rocket Love\\",a dreamy and cinematic arrangement melding strings and light electronics into a powerfully melody featuring some of the best sensual metaphores in song I've ever heard. \\"Lately\\" is similarly melodic though more a traditional piano ballad and one of Stevie's less heralded songs overall. So in the end it's Stevie's first album since the end of the 60's that qualifies as very good as opposed to a hands down timeless masterpiece. And since unlike before Stevie was fully responsible for all his music in this case he elected to wait a full half decade to release this albums formal follow up [[ASIN:B000001AJI In Square Circle]]. So as powerful as many of this albums songs are it marked a slight drop off from the peak of his creative abilities. And also showcased that,just perhaps that his musical pioneering days were coming to an end.eparted Bob Marley. \\"Happy Birthday\\" is not only the one song here that does feature him innovating funk synthesizer again but also in this case in his quest to change the law to make Martin Luther King Jr's birthday a national holiday and it's a sprightly,ethereal sounding tribute.                                 \\"All I Do\\" is another dance oriented song in the early 80's disco/urban soul varient now known as \\"boogie\\". The song was originally written and recorded for and by Tammi Terrell in 1966 but here we hear his own version. The two strongest numbers here are the ballads \\"Rocket Love\\",a dreamy and cinematic arrangement melding strings and light electronics into a powerfully melody featuring some of the best sensual metaphores in song I've ever heard. \\"Lately\\" is similarly melodic though more a traditional piano ballad and one of Stevie's less heralded songs overall. So in the end it's Stevie's first album since the end of the 60's that qualifies as very good as opposed to a hands down timeless masterpiece. And since unlike before Stevie was fully responsible for all his music in this case he elected to wait a full half decade to release this albums formal follow up [[ASIN:B000001AJI In Square Circle]]. So as powerful as many of this albums songs are it marked a slight drop off from the peak of his creative abilities. And also showcased that,just perhaps that his musical pioneering days were coming to an end.
B001SZ2Y4G|1.0|This is the only Coen Bros movie I have ever really disliked, and that is a major understatement.  I don't think I've even gotten half-way through it before it annoyed me to distraction, and I mean to the point that I was ready to contemplate my navel.<br /><br />To me, this movie is like trying to watch someone run their nails across a chalk board...over, and over, and over, and over...and over!<br /><br />If I were the razzies, or whatever the award for bad movies is, this would take every category and break every record.  This is like watching a corny musical Scenes from a Mall, which may be the actual worst movie of the 80s.  This is the one for the nineties.  I tried again a couple of years ago to watch it, because I couldn't believe the Coens could create something so unwatchable, and yet, again, it was.<br /><br />Someone explain to me why I need to change my perspective or whatever it would take to find redeeming qualities in this movie?????????????
B004X0XA82|5.0|Fleet Foxes have knocked it out of the park with this one. Not only did they avoid the sophomore slump, but they put out a better album than the first, one that expands their sonic palate and songwriting. A must-have for this year.
0316044695|2.0|Basic story was interesting, but the so poorly written account was trying. I am sure tht Luttrell is representative of the toughness of anyone who is a Seal. I would like to believe however, that there are Seals out there who are not fundamentalist christians, who are not necessairly died in the wool Republicans, and who are permitted to have a \\"liberal\\" thought or two, without being labeled a weak being. I found the continuous ranting against the liberal media, and the mind bending repetious nature of the Seal training program, troublesome.     I also wonder to what extent the author took liberty in describing in detail, the many incidents of these unbelieveably brave individuals, hurtleing themselves blindly over a cliff, crashing over rocks and boulders,only to arrive at the bottom, somehow without having broken every bone in their body. Not just one such hurtleing, or twice, but several times.  Seal training may result in one's willingness to make such a leap of faith, but I do not think that such training renders one any less vulnerable to bone breaking, or concussion etc. I have to believe this \\"over the top\\" description, can be attributed to the author's expamding on what he was told, not the account given to him by Marcus Luttrell.    I am not a military strategist. However this whole operation sounded like it was doomed from the beginning.  Why did they not know more about the terrain, prior to insert. What were the odds of picking out their target from a mile and a half up the mountain? What the hell were they doing yelling to each other prior to their being attacked.  A six man team would have been able to carry some of the weapons that they failed to have with them, and provide more cover etc.      Many problems wtih this book. No problem with the heroism of any individual in any of the special forces units of our armed services.  These people represent the full realization of maximum potential. Incredible.    I am looking forward to reading, \\"Seal TeamSix\\".
B000002TQV|5.0|While I agree with many Radiohead fans that OK Computer is a more complex and sophisticated album than The Bends,  this album continues to have a visceral almost sublime impact on me.  It continues to enrapture me with its earnestness and naked emotion.  OK computer seeks to challenge and is subtle.  The bends is pure emotion and viscera, and moves one in a way that is futile to resist.  I always come back to the term \\"beautiful\\", which I would not characterize any other Radiohead album as.  This is by far their most heartfelt and earnest album.  That being said, I have not heard a Radiohead album I did not like!
076115678X|4.0|I found a lot of good tips in this book. Moisture! Moisture! Moisture! the little clips worked really well to give some lift to my hair. The dvd was very handy. I tried the lavender spray and liked that. I tried the avocado mask and eh, so much easier and cleaner to just buy a product that works. Besides we would rather eat those avocados! I thought it is was a little unreasonable to suggest that you never touch your hair with a blow dryer or curling iron. I mean, how wild do you want to look? Everyday? I am definitely more open to wearing my hair curly and accepting me and my curlz. I also got lots of compliments on my curls too. Thanks Lorraine for all the great tips.
B002ZG976U|1.0|This movie is like a big video; the acting is terrible; The plot worse than campy.<br />It is a trouble sitting through it. The lines were are bad. Aguilera can't act. She can<br />sing but that is not enough to save the movie. It is a horrible script, dialogue, and<br />very cliche storyline. But this movie would appeal to dumbdowned teenyboppers who<br />love Britney Spears series were worlds are just a pile of crap, like in this drivel.
B0052UYJDC|4.0|I've read most of the articles on the author's website but I enjoyed having them compiled and organized in one place.  Topics are well thought out and discussed in a supportive manner.
0393338827|4.0|The Big Short is as readable a book as you can get on a topic as difficult and technical as sub prime mortgages.  I still don't totally understand how it all worked, which it sounds like is what the financial companies wanted, but the fall of that sector really was fascinating.  Mr. Lewis found some incredibly interesting characters to follow and the way the mid part of the last decade went in the financial arena truly was intriguing.  I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to better understand how the real estate market fell and how people were doing some incredibly dumb things betting that they'd never have to pay the piper.
0316174483|5.0|I had so much fun with this book and my grandchildren.  We can use it over and over because there are so many ideas and pictures.  What a treasure of fun.
B0036S4CTS|1.0|I cannot remember the last time I started reading a book and did not finish it.  I am on Chapter 5 and I absolutely cannot go on anymore.  This has little pathetic romance and no mystery.  It is just a random running on and on and on of 2 characters thoughts.  I have no reason what so ever to read another page.  The only saving grace was that the book was cheap.  Wish I could give it zero stars.
B004SBS8LA|3.0|that out the way the kinda boss battle was good. It was boring at 1st but got as mediocre as I'd hoped until the boss thingy.gg
0375842209|5.0|I cannot get over how enjoyable this book was.    Zusak's deliciously quirky diction comes from a very unexpected and beautiful place, and has a way of getting to the very essence of an idea. Like the experience of biting into a perfectly ripe apple, it is hard to describe what exactly makes the words and phrases of this novel so perfect. All of this book's facets converge to produce a work of art with incomparable \\"toothsomeness.\\" This book is an elegant, poignant, and witty work of fiction that will likely change the way you see your world.
0425242099|5.0|I have been hooked on this particular series ever since I read the first one.  This series takes place in the distant future of the United States.  The Psy are a highly educated cold emotionless people filled with telepaths, empaths, psycopaths, people who can teleport, and some are simply very dangerous to everyone. The changelings are human/animal shifters of numerous types.  The two main groups of changelings are Leopards and Wolves, although other groups make appearances through the various books.  Kiss of Snow is about a X-Psy named Sienna and the Wolf Alpha named Hawk.  This is a love story between two stubborn people, who are polar opposites.  There are numerous challenges, excitement, romance, deep mysteries, honor, and family values.  I could not put the book down.  This book is certainly good value for price and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting an excellent book.
0307346617|5.0|When I finished this book I decided I was going to have to hang on to it and read it again someday. I give away books I have read for the most part - not enough room to keep everything and there are too many books to read for the first time, much less a second. I found this very compelling, touching, exciting, frightening, and very real. It could be about any war, any time, between any one. You don't have to be interested in the zombie genre to be swept up by this book. Highly recommended.
B002NPCUDU|5.0|Bought this book for my husband and he thought its one of the most direct and inspirational books for business men. Its absolutely worth reading and it makes a great present for a man.
B001CDWFPC|1.0|Revised Review.<br /><br />As hard as this is to believe, the fact is that the ESV is a slight revision of the RSV, a liberal translation with many problems. From the preface of the ESV one reads under the heading \\"Translation Legacy\\" ...the 1971 RSV text providing the starting point for our work.\\"<br /><br />From Wicipedia on the ESV: \\"the translation committee sought and received permission from the National Council of Churches to use the 1971 edition of the RSV as the English textual basis for the ESV. Nevertheless, only about 5%-10% of the RSV text was changed in the ESV.\\"<br /><br />Poorly done and not well received, the RSV has fallen into disuse. The copyright for the RSV is held by the United Counsel of Churches, and Crossway had to get the rights from them to do the ESV. Why did Crossway stoop so low? Is it right for a evangelical ministry (Crossway is a non-profit) to go to a corrupt ecumenical organization to get permission for a new Bible translation? Why would they pick this of all versions to make the ESV? All of this smells of Rome to me.<br /><br />Add to this that the editor of the ESV was J. I. Packer, a man who has defected to the point the he has joined with \\"Evangelicals and Catholics Together\\" and signed the abhorrent \\"Manhattan Declaration\\".<br /><br />I leave you to your own investigation at this point.<br /><br />If you are interested, here is my personal experience: When John Piper went to the ESV my wife and I went with him. We were using the NAS at the time. At the time I trusted Mr. Piper, as we were under his teaching. We bought two leather bound copies on Amazon (now out of print).<br /><br />I believe I read this version cover to cover twice or so (using a reading plan), and as I did it drove me nuts. It is one of the most awkward versions I have ever read, and at times it is downright silly. It drove me to my Bibleworks software and I spent hours each day comparing it to the original languages and other versions.<br /><br />The ESV is so bad that it really took me by surprise and forced me to look hard at the issues.<br /><br />Along the way some one gave me a copy of a small book called \\"English Bible Translations; by What Standard?\\" by William Einwechter. This book is not from the fanatic King-James-Only camp, but from a rational and sound perspective. This book has proved to be a wonderful blessing to my family, and has been used of God to bring me to rest after many years of distress over Bible versions.<br /><br />You can view it for free as a PDF at Chapel Library dot org.<br /><br />The Trinitarian Bible Society is another non-profit with good info on the subject. They have a PDF that can be viewed dealing with the problems of the ESV.<br /><br />May God bless you as you navigate these important issues!s so bad that it really took me by surprise and forced me to look hard at the issues.<br /><br />Along the way some one gave me a copy of a small book called \\"English Bible Translations; by What Standard?\\" by William Einwechter. This book is not from the fanatic King-James-Only camp, but from a rational and sound perspective. This book has proved to be a wonderful blessing to my family, and has been used of God to bring me to rest after many years of distress over Bible versions.<br /><br />You can view it for free as a PDF at Chapel Library dot org.<br /><br />The Trinitarian Bible Society is another non-profit with good info on the subject. They have a PDF that can be viewed dealing with the problems of the ESV.<br /><br />May God bless you as you navigate these important issues!
B004K4AVAG|5.0|I bought \\"Born This Way\\" on the day it came out after I got off of work, listened to the entire CD on the road back home, and felt overwhelmed. I had enjoyed the music but I knew I hadn't yet experienced the album. So, finally, after digesting everything that \\"Born This Way\\" has to offer through multiple listens, I declare it an epic experience that is easily Lady Gaga's best output thus far.     With 17 complex and multi-layered songs that touch on many subjects such as love, death, self expression, self confidence and empowerment, sexuality, fashion, and religion, this album proves that Lady Gaga is in a league of her own in todays pop world. Not many can touch what this woman has to offer. With \\"Born This Way\\", there's a huge and edgy sound(curtesy of RedOne, DJ White Shadow, and Fernando Garibay) enveloping gritty and clever words that together reek of Gaga, and it smells like a confident and unique monster with the attitude of Metal, and it cannot be confined.    There's the obvious Madonna influences(who I am a huge fan of) on 'SchieBe'(Erotica-era breathy monologue) and 'Fashion of His Love'('Dress You Up'), while 'You and I' is reminiscent of Elton John and Queen. I am a huge fan of Bruce Springsteen and The E Street Band so I love the fact that Clarence Clemons plays sax on 'Hair' and 'The Edge of Glory'.     Overall, \\"Born This Way\\" holds a lifestyle of it's own. One that I can live only through this album. A sort of New York nightlife of black leather, motorcycles, raunchy love and wildly colorful hair...a 5 STAR good time!
143350393X|1.0|Revised review:<br /><br />As hard as this is to believe, the fact is that the ESV is a slight revision of the RSV, a liberal translation with many problems. From the preface of the ESV one reads under the heading \\"Translation Legacy\\" ...the 1971 RSV text providing the starting point for our work.\\"<br /><br />From Wicipedia on the ESV: \\"the translation committee sought and received permission from the National Council of Churches to use the 1971 edition of the RSV as the English textual basis for the ESV. Nevertheless, only about 5%-10% of the RSV text was changed in the ESV.\\"<br /><br />Poorly done and not well received, the RSV has fallen into disuse. The copyright for the RSV is held by the United Counsel of Churches, and Crossway had to get the rights from them to do the ESV. Why did Crossway stoop so low? Is it right for a evangelical ministry (Crossway is a non-profit) to go to a corrupt ecumenical organization to get permission for a new Bible translation? Why would they pick this of all versions to make the ESV? Why not revise the NAS? All of this smells of Rome to me.<br /><br />Add to this that the editor of the ESV was J. I. Packer, a man who has defected to the point the he has joined with \\"Evangelicals and Catholics Together\\" and signed the abhorrent \\"Manhattan Declaration\\".<br /><br />I leave you to your own investigation at this point.<br /><br />If you are interested, here is my personal experience: When John Piper went to the ESV my wife and I went with him. We were using the NAS at the time. At the time I trusted Mr. Piper, as we were under his teaching. We bought two leather bound copies on Amazon (now out of print).<br /><br />I believe I read this version cover to cover twice or so (using a reading plan), and as I did it drove me nuts. It is one of the most awkward versions I have ever read, and at times it is downright silly. It drove me to my Bibleworks software and I spent hours each day comparing it to the original languages and other versions.<br /><br />The ESV is so bad that it really took me by surprise and forced me to look hard at the issues.<br /><br />Along the way some one gave me a copy of a small book called \\"English Bible Translations; by What Standard?\\" by William Einwechter. This book is not from the fanatic King-James-Only camp, but from a rational and sound perspective. This book has proved to be a wonderful blessing to my family, and has been used of God to bring me to rest after many years of distress over Bible versions.<br /><br />You can view it for free as a PDF at Chapel Library dot org.<br /><br />The Trinitarian Bible Society is another non-profit with good info on the subject. They have a PDF that can be viewed dealing with the problems of the ESV.<br /><br />May God bless you as you navigate these important issues!ns.<br /><br />The ESV is so bad that it really took me by surprise and forced me to look hard at the issues.<br /><br />Along the way some one gave me a copy of a small book called \\"English Bible Translations; by What Standard?\\" by William Einwechter. This book is not from the fanatic King-James-Only camp, but from a rational and sound perspective. This book has proved to be a wonderful blessing to my family, and has been used of God to bring me to rest after many years of distress over Bible versions.<br /><br />You can view it for free as a PDF at Chapel Library dot org.<br /><br />The Trinitarian Bible Society is another non-profit with good info on the subject. They have a PDF that can be viewed dealing with the problems of the ESV.<br /><br />May God bless you as you navigate these important issues!
B000002GZ1|5.0|In my opinion, their best album.  Many band's best albums are their first.... this is as close to perfect as it gets.  If you only get one Paul Butterfield blues Band album, this is the one to get.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|I purchased this movie as a gift to my daughter who has a 10 year old son with Asbergers syndrome. While every case is unique, she found the movie to be very good and after watching it, decided her son would benefit from seeing it as well. She and we are grateful for this excellent movie.
B004Z2TUGE|5.0|I am normally not in to \\"teenage-ish\\" type of movies, but this one was pretty good. It also had lots of special effects. It almost had an x-men kinda feel, with mutant powers and such. I should warn you, it does kind of draaaag out towards the middle of the movie, before it actually pics up. But I think you'll enjoy it overall..
B000QRIGLC|5.0|This might be the most unbelievable non-fiction story I have ever read. Truely amazing and well written.  Makes you proud to be an American.
0684135051|3.0|If you are looking for a book to really give you some good instruction this is not the one. I checked it out from the library and am glad I didn't buy it. This is probably why they don't show you any of the pages with the (very few indeed) hand draw pencil pictures. I have a new system for the books (if they are available). I check them out from the libray first and if I think I need them then I buy them. What I really want is a book that has visuals of different stitches you would use to make a pattern besides knit and purl. I want to see photos of cable knitting, yarn overs, drop stitches, finishing a turtleneck and so forth. I guess some of us need to get together and write our own book.
0312370849|5.0|I just started the book an I'm half way throught it. A realy good read. The two storys intertwine like a lost friend. I cant wait to finish the book.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I had been hearing a lot of good things about this book, but had never gotten around to reading it. Then I was going on a cruise and needed to buy something to read on the plane. This was the first thing I thought of. It was so good and addicting it was like torture trying to keep myself from reading it all during the cruise so that I'd have some left for the flight back. I quickly came home and devoured the next two books. I definitely recommend this series, and I am not a young adult as this book is aimed for. I'm 27.
0783225857|1.0|This movie is a classic that deals with human relationships in a challenging situation.  It also deals with youth growing up at a dificult time. The situation challenges the status quo.
B003UESJIS|4.0|Another year is one of the better character driven films that has come out in the last year. The film is about stability, love and balance in life. Why do some people have the best wives, jobs, houses, kids all at the same time, how do they achieve such a balance, and then why do some people do not manage to find peace in any aspect of their life, why are they constantly in shambles and their life a constant struggle. Does it have to do with the fact that these people were skillful at making bad choices thus chose misery and unhappiness or did life just give them lemons? `Another Year' certainly raises these questions but I did not find any answers. However after watching several questions such as these still linger in my mind.<br />At the heart of this tale are Tom and Gerri, happy in their professions (Jim Broadbent and Ruth Sheen), married for several years, they are the text book happy couple, doing everything together, comfortable with each other and loving deeply. Thiers is a rare union, they also have a son who is successful and they also have a great relation with him. We get to follow the happenings in their life over the course of a year as many friends and a relative go through crises. Amidst these wreckages Tom and Gerri are the only survivors.<br />Ken (Peter Wright) is a friend, a life spent working and approaching retirement, he is petrified at the daunting prospects that await him. He has no one or nothing to look forwards too, and he has happily resorted to alcohol as his partner. An emotional breakdown has him confessing that he is absolutely dreads taking the train to his town of Hull these days.<br />Then there is Ruth's co-worker, Mary (Lesley Manning) who is a nervous wreck and her life as well. Every step is a misstep and every decision a disaster for her. Her life has been wasted on frivolous pursuits and trying to fill the vacuum. She is falling to pieces as well. She develops a crush on Ruth's son, who does not reciprocate but is polite. One of the better scenes is watching her crumble when he introduces his much younger girl friend to her.<br />Another year is not a story that has a neat conclusion; it is just another year in a family's life. The acting and the well written dialogue makes it engaging. Each one of the cast is exceptional, but I felt it was Mary (Lesley Manning ) who towers above everyone else, just for this act alone I may go and watch this film again. If you need an example of her trade, watch the final scene as the camera pans on her face with a puzzling gaze. Sensational. Four stars.6/9/2011tter scenes is watching her crumble when he introduces his much younger girl friend to her.  Another year is not a story that has a neat conclusion; it is just another year in a family's life. The acting and the well written dialogue makes it engaging. Each one of the cast is exceptional, but I felt it was Mary (Lesley Manning ) who towers above everyone else, just for this act alone I may go and watch this film again. If you need an example of her trade, watch the final scene as the camera pans on her face with a puzzling gaze. Sensational. Four stars.6/9/2011
B00004WOKY|2.0|i think i already reviewed this record i love the music of fairport convention and have been looking for this album for awhile but when i recieved it the first tracks on both sides(a&b) were defective due to what appeared to be a manufacturing defect which rendered them unplayable the record was returned and the money was refunded end of story
B001RTSPVY|5.0|All you need to know is that you should be watching this series.  I'm a TV snob, but I love this show.  For me, it ranks among The Shield and The Wire as my all-time favorite shows.
0071762345|5.0|I, too, was able to get my hands on a pre-release copy, and am very glad I did.  I'm not what you'd call social media-saavy, though I do enjoy Twitter as a way to receive news and entertainment I like.  Dave Kerpen is clearly an expert on (at least) the primary social sites.  He delivers in-depth information on what the sites' benefits are and how to engage with your audience through them in \\"Likeable Social Media\\".  He uses countless examples of companies that have done it right as well as wrong.  As a \\"newbie\\" to real engagement in this stuff, I found the \\"Action Items\\" at the end of each chapter to be most useful in helping me get started.  It will take me time to figure out which portions most pertain to my needs, but when I need it, the information is in there!  Excellent for the beginner and the well-versed alike.  I like!
B000B8QG4A|3.0|This product was advertised as NEW and was all sealed up as new but one of the discs was all scratched up and definitely USED!
B00559B9N8|5.0|When I first purchased this Kindle book, it had serious formatting problems. However, all the problems seem to be fixed now, so i'm re-purchasing the book and changing my review.<br /><br />This is a great book. The characters are very interesting, the fantasy world is captivating, and the plot is very well built. When you get to the end, you may find yourself surprised, despite the many clues that the author sprinkles along the way.<br /><br />Sadly i found out about Diana Wynne Jones only after she passed away, but I have read several of her books since, and will read many more. Happily, she left us much.<br /><br />If you like Howl (and you will), real also \\"The Castle in the Clouds\\" and \\"The House of Many Ways.\\"<br /><br />-------------------------------<br />Here's my old review, just to provide context for the comments below:<br /><br />This review is for the Kindle version only. Howl's Moving Castle is a great book, but something went wrong with the Kindle version, making it barely readable. The line breaks are all wrong. Paragraphs run together, phrases are cut in the middle. There is no separation of chapters. No table of contents. No cover. It looks like an unedited scan or perhaps unedited conversion from a PDF. I hope the publisher can fix it. Meanwhile, i'm returning my order. If they fix it, i will purchase it again.<br /><br />I recommend you try a sample first before you purchase.
B004R6JG7Q|5.0|If your a Steve McQueen Fan then you will love this movie. Great to see the vintage race cars the made the sport what it is today. A must to add to you collection. If you a race fan then you must get this movie.
B0028R3NCU|1.0|I've purchased four of these little card readers on four separate occasions. While they are tiny and yes, as some reviewers have pointed out, made of metal, they are not very durable. All four card readers failed within a few months of purchase. They are no longer recognised by my Linux computer when I plug them in (fails on Windows too). I was able to revive two card readers by washing them with alcohol, but they went on to fail again in a few weeks. I sent one card reader back to Kingston who replaced it for free (although I paid shipping), but the replacement also failed in the end. The microSD cards themselves continue to work just fine in a different card reader.    Bottom line: don't waste your money. These card readers are bound to fail within a few months.
B0045NXMJE|5.0|Truely European paced, it just gives us more time to view and enjoy the richness and beauty of the film.   Love it.
B004N44SOI|3.0|We loved the first record (The Heroin Diaries).    Naturally I picked this second record up as a gift for my girl.    The first 4 songs rock! Great melody and alot of energy...    After track 5 the rest is basically crap.    I felt bad. There are a couple more songs that are OK, but easily throw a way songs...    I want to love this record as much (if not more) than the first.      I'll still keep my eye on Sixx.
0439023513|3.0|I waited two days to write this review because I really couldnt decide where I would go. I knew right away that the pace of this final book was too quick. I felt the entire way through that Collins seemed tired of the troubles that Katniss faced and wanted it to be over. Weeks would pass at a time with Katniss simply going through the motions of depression and lonliness. This was supposed to be the book where Katniss stopped being a pawn once and for all and finally takes control of her own life or death if necessary. This was supposed to be the book where Katniss figured out \\"the effect she has on others\\" and finally gives honor to the scared girl who volunteered to take her sisters place and began a revolution. Katniss makes no decisions for herself in this final book and the reader is left empty, sad, and begging for an explanation. The biggest element missing from this book was the internal dialogue that let the reader into Katniss's world. We are not only excluded from any meaningful thoughts from Katniss but along with the hurried pace of the book and meaningless chapters following Katniss around as she hides in closets I feel like I have witnessed the final piece of Katniss die and nothing was left to make it worth it.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|I saw Super 8 at IMAX today.  LOVED it and want to see it again, soon!  I laughed, I cried, and I jumped up out of my seat 8 times!  It was a fun, fun nostalgic ride on an early summer afternoon.  The late 1970's music, costumes, location, and set props were right on.  Fantastic cinematography, sound design, and special affects.<br /><br />Ahhhh, but this movie has heart in the story and in the acting.  Kyle Chandler, Elle Fanning, and the new young actor who plays Joe Lamb steal the movie.  This 'coming of age' story is set in a more innocent time, before middle schoolers began 'hooking up.'  The rest of the kids who make up the motley film crew are believably hilarious.  Each cleverly has his or her own specialty in film making.  You can only imagine a young JJ Abrams doing the same thing when he was a boy.<br /><br />Super 8 is not the BEST movie I've ever seen, and the ending is somewhat predictable.  But it is the BEST movie I've seen in a long, long time.
B004EPYZUI|2.0|When I see a good movie it usually entails characters that are developed or developing, high detail in story and portrayal, and uniqueness from the mainstream archetype.  This movie fulfilled the bonus points for initial interest, but lacked detail and coherency for plot.  There were too many holes in the story that seemed like things were rushed and filled in with a gleaming overabundance of \\"the bigger the better\\" mentality.<br /><br />A decent movie if you're not interested in thinking at all while your eyes are fixed on the screen.  There's a tremendous amount of eye-candy (not specifically speaking of the scantily covered ladies).  However, a horrible movie if you need more substance to feel a longing for more or rewardedness for plopping your butt down for the duration.
B0018PH3L0|5.0|The best introduction to this movie is a story.<br /><br />It was a few days before Christmas. I was looking for a really great movie I could watch with my family. I went into our local Tower Records and asked a clerk to help me with a recommendation. This young guy with spiked hair and tattoos immediately reached for Lonesome Dove. As he handed it to me, he told about watching with his mom. He seemed to melt as he recalled the film and circumstances. His statement sold me. \\"I get this out every so often -- so I can watch it again.\\"<br /><br />Now, many years later, I have to tell you the kid was right.<br />Occasionally you run into a movie that is so good it's better to say, \\"watch this.\\"
B00404YUG2|5.0|Anyone who struggles with the creative process will benefit from this book.  This is one of those rare author's performances that really adds to the material.  Hearing Pressfield red the work is a treat.
B0054NQZ9S|5.0|i would recommend this movie in a heart beat, right down to earth. i never write these but this one was worth commenting on
B004SIP7TE|3.0|I feel ambivalent about this film.  On the one hand, the raw portrayal of a shameful period in American history is a great success.  You get not only the gang culture with sharp ethnic and religious divides, but also the volatile race hatreds, the systemic corruption, and lawlessness.  It is extremely ugly and violent, something that we Americans would prefer to ignore.  On the other hand, the plot is based on a crude, fictional melodrama - boy wanting vengeance on the evil murderer of his father and finding love with a beautiful thief - and it didn't work for me.  I couldn't suspend my disbelief, but felt that it was a hollywood formula, lacking much life.  Not even Daniel Day-Lewis, as the baddie, is much more than a cartoon, as is his sometime ally, boss Tweed.  I thought that Di Caprio, who I think is a truly fine actor, was better, but he couldn't quite transcend the stereotypical role.<br /><br />I watched this again because I had just read a wonderful book on the period, What Hath God Wrought.  The author recommends the film.  From a historical point of view, 1815-1865 was a watershed era, when police forces but also the reach of the federal government were hugely expanded, essentially wiping out local cultures based on lawless gangs.  The film shows this very well, beginning with a brutal street battle and ending with the draft riot of 1863, in which mobs took over the city for many days.  This is food for thought.<br /><br />In spite of my dislike for the principal plot line, there is a lot of good acting in this, but almost exclusively by minor characters.  They provide the atmospherics that the melodrama so glaringly fails to do.  The sets are extremely well done.  The extras in my DVD version are also interesting, in particular the 2 documentaries.<br /><br />Recommended with caution.  Unfortunately, this is not a Scorsese film that you simply believe in your gut from the first frame.
B0051GOB26|5.0|Amazonian originally listed the pre-order price at around $20, now it's $27 and they will not honor the original price. Walmart has it on preorder for $20.
B0043VCPW8|5.0|This Cd is just amazing !!!  i´ve been a big fan of Bryan since a long time and every CD he makes, every song he sings are a rush of fresh air and fresh emotion for me. This CD is just incredible and i love every new way Bryan sings the songs, my favorite \\"Let´s make a night to remember\\" i love this song since i hear it in 1996 from the CD \\"18 till i die\\" and this new arrangement of the song is beautiful i love it as much as the original. I recomend this cd for all of the Bryan Fans and those who want to listen great songs sung for one of the best artist of all times. Buy it!!!
B004856SQ8|5.0|My ring tone is the A-Team theme song so you know I had high hopes for the movie.  First of all I was surprised to see the set up for how the A-team came together (this was a very pleasant surprise).  After a very long intro the movie itself came together better than any episode and easily deserves a sequal.  The actors did a good job re-creating the original roles and the back story was way better than expected.  If you love the A-Team as much as I do than this is the perfect movie for you.<br /><br />I love it when a plan comes together!
B004LP601S|5.0|By far the best album yet! I love it! It has a little bit of everything in it for everyone. I highly recommend this to all Panic! At the Disco fans!
B0042U94UQ|5.0|my wife picked this out for Friday night stay at home night.  I groaned when she told me the selection.  However in hindsight I should have stood up and clapped.  This was a great movie despite the predictibility of bad turns to good with the help of a his adopted girls.  You can see the plot a mile away but all in all this was a fun movie that left me wanting more. So far this is my favorite DVD of the year!
B0011N1WE8|5.0|Because of Penelope's popularity, pig Latin is banned from schools. Because of Penelope's influence on fashion, sales of scarves skyrocket. Because of Penelope, a young aristrocrat resorts to foul play to rehabilitate his sullied name. And, because of Penelope, maybe next time you'll be more leery of judging a book by its cover.<br /><br />Once upon a time, Penelope Wilhern's great-great-great-grandfather Ralph had a fling with a lowly servant girl, and no way was this going to end well. The blue blood scion eventually comes to his senses, and the distraught servant girl steps off a cliff. The servant girl's vengeful mother - an honest-to-gosh witch - works a dark enchantment on the Wilhern family, to the effect that the next daughter born to the Wilhern bloodline will be cursed with a pig's snout instead of a human nose. And so we meet Penelope.<br /><br />Word has it that not until \\"one of her kind\\" can learn to love her for herself will the curse be lifted. Penelope's hysterical and ridiculous mom (Catherine O'Hara) is desperate to reverse the spell, not only because she truly does love her daughter, but because it's putting a crimp on her social life. Damn inconvenient when you can't trot out the young heiress because of her unfortunate porcine proboscis.<br /><br />Penelope has led a sheltered life, what with her parents having faked her death when she was a child to avoid the news media's glare. All her life, Penelope has been restricted to the confines of her home, and, surprisingly, she's grown up pretty even-keeled, sweet-tempered, charming. And then she reaches that age in which she can accept suitors, and her mom goes into hyperdrive and starts lining up these young gents to the manor born. She even hires a matchmaker. To no avail.<br /><br />Once these suitors get a gander at Penelope's schnozz, they bolt out of there in horror, frequently bypassing the door in favor of a more expedient window. At 25 years old, even the habitually sunny Penelope is becoming discouraged.<br /><br />Peter Dinklage goes a ways into providing balance to Catherine O'Hara's over-the-top performance. Dinklage is sly and watchable and, for a guy who's at the center of the conflict, is pretty sympathetic. He plays Lemon, an investigative journalist who years ago lost an eye while trying to snap a photo of the urban myth pig girl. Lemon teams up with a disgruntled young aristocrat, one of them candidates what ran off in horror after one glance at Penelope. Two vindictive sorts, they both want to out Penelope, and so hire down-and-out blue blood Max Campion (James McAvoy) to worm his way into an audience with Penelope and then snap away with a hidden camera. Except Max Campion isn't an out and out heel.<br /><br />PENELOPE is in the same vein as CHOCOLAT, AMELIE, and THE MILAGRO GREENFIELD WAR, in that all these films achieve a delicate balance; for the most part, they circumvent the heavy-handed elements. There are bits of social satire (especially in how the media's lens and ink influence the way we view celebrities) and a purposeful nudge towards a fable's sensibility. The only grating thing in PENELOPE is Catherine O'Hara's shrill turn. In all else, it charms the heck out of you. Christina Ricci charms the heck out of you, as does James McAvoy. The marvelous set designs, depicting an idealized New York, helps to establish that light, whimsical tone. It's certainly an empowering tale. I love it that, after endless rejections by prospective Prince Charmings, Penelope gets fed up and strikes out on her own, declares her independence, wanders into the city, buys a scarf. She's soon befriended by Reese Witherspoon's carefree character. And the film goes on to take unexpected and wonderful twists and turns, making PENELOPE my favorite Christina Ricci film of all time.<br /><br />Sadly, the DVD's only bonus feature is \\"The Making of a Modern Day Tale\\" which is worth watching but all too brief (00:09:30 minutes long).ing discouraged.<br /><br />Peter Dinklage goes a ways into providing balance to Catherine O'Hara's over-the-top performance. Dinklage is sly and watchable and, for a guy who's at the center of the conflict, is pretty sympathetic. He plays Lemon, an investigative journalist who years ago lost an eye while trying to snap a photo of the urban myth pig girl. Lemon teams up with a disgruntled young aristocrat, one of them candidates what ran off in horror after one glance at Penelope. Two vindictive sorts, they both want to out Penelope, and so hire down-and-out blue blood Max Campion (James McAvoy) to worm his way into an audience with Penelope and then snap away with a hidden camera. Except Max Campion isn't an out and out heel.<br /><br />PENELOPE is in the same vein as CHOCOLAT, AMELIE, and THE MILAGRO GREENFIELD WAR, in that all these films achieve a delicate balance; for the most part, they circumvent the heavy-handed elements. There are bits of social satire (especially in how the media's lens and ink influence the way we view celebrities) and a purposeful nudge towards a fable's sensibility. The only grating thing in PENELOPE is Catherine O'Hara's shrill turn. In all else, it charms the heck out of you. Christina Ricci charms the heck out of you, as does James McAvoy. The marvelous set designs, depicting an idealized New York, helps to establish that light, whimsical tone. It's certainly an empowering tale. I love it that, after endless rejections by prospective Prince Charmings, Penelope gets fed up and strikes out on her own, declares her independence, wanders into the city, buys a scarf. She's soon befriended by Reese Witherspoon's carefree character. And the film goes on to take unexpected and wonderful twists and turns, making PENELOPE my favorite Christina Ricci film of all time.<br /><br />Sadly, the DVD's only bonus feature is \\"The Making of a Modern Day Tale\\" which is worth watching but all too brief (00:09:30 minutes long).
1439107955|5.0|Beautifully written story of the discovery of  cancer therapies and the people behind these discoveries.  Made interesting by the case stories of patient's with the disease the triumphs and the loses.
0446401307|4.0|This is where it all started.............My first book by Connelly, as of now I own a copy of most of his books. Great Writer.
B000086EOE|5.0|I was not expecting much from this cd.As soon as I began playing it my opinion skyrocketed.The interpetation of the Genesis's songs presented here is fantastic.Several of the songs have John Wetton,on vocals.Again what a pleasant surprise.   If you like the Gabriel,era Genesis,you are going to like this cd very much.
B002GYI9C4|5.0|Classic straight-forward fantasy storyline of oppressed good struggling against a more powerful evil.  No twisted, complex sub-plots or verbose descriptions of trees.  Despite its relatively simplistic story, the main characters are compelling, the world is interesting, the magic system is fascinating and highly original, and the ending is not entirely predictable, with a few plot twists thrown in to keep you guessing throughout.  Overall a very satisfying read, entertaining and enjoyable.
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|I felt like I was in the middle of the story.  If you are looking for a book that makes you laugh and cry this is a good one to read.
B00008OWZC|5.0|This has to be by far the best live rock album ever. The raw sound makes for a fantastic listen. I know that music is subjective but for anyone who likes a four piece rock band with heavy guitar riffs pounding drums and awesome screaming, wait lets not forget the most talented of the group John Paul Jones ripping on that bass, this one is for you. I never tire of the self indulgent solos.
1844137864|5.0|It's a high quality collection of one of our times greatest artists. If this is something that you can appreciate, buy it.
0345522478|4.0|After reading quite a few reviews praising Hearne for an awesome hero, secondary characters, and storyline, I was more than eager to get my hands on HOUNDED and see what all the fuss was about.    Suffice to say, when I first began reading, I was more than intrigued. A talking dog for a companion, a heroic Druid, and Gaelic deities? What's NOT refreshing? Unfortunately, I'm not a big male protag reader. I have an easier time connecting with heroines because we're both female, and I usually don't find the whole... \\"have casual sex a bunch of times because I'm a guy\\" all that appealing. So, once the \\"ooh shiny-ness\\" of the novel wore off, I was left feeling somewhat bored while following Atticus around.    That is precisely when I began reading only a chapter or two per day. I wouldn't say that I hated the book (because I was more than curious to see what would happen), but I was in no rush to finish it. A friend suggested I DNF HOUNDED due to a few scenes that were just a little too weird for my tastes. The thought had never crossed my mind, which I think attests to Hearne's ability to draw me into his universe, even while making me have a few \\"wah?!\\" moments.    Let me tell you right now I am so glad I did not give up. I know that, if any readers are like me, they may say \\"to hell with this book\\" once they reach a certain point--especially if they are not 100% hooked by then. It happens. But if you stick with HOUNDED, the final showdown (which is so incredibly badass and amazing that my jaw dropped due to its sheer awesomeness), it will more than make up for the slow buildup.    Besides, while things are a little slow in the beginning, Oberon and Hal more than make up for it. They are by far my two favorites from the story due to the humor that they bring. Sorry Atticus, I like you and all, but your dog and lawyer won my heart.    Considering this is my first urban fantasy I successfully finished with a male protagonist (the Black Jewels Trilogy was the only other series I could stomach with a hero--or three--as the lead), I'd have to give kudos to Hearne. I eagerly anticipate the next book in this series, HEXED, which comes out on June 7th. And, just because I'm superficial, I would totally buy the second book just for that cover. What a hottie!    I definitely recommend checking HOUNDED out. There's just so many elements to this novel that are refreshingly different from urban fantasy out there already, that you'd be crazy not to give this story a shot. I also think I learned a bit while reading, which is always a plus!
0307474712|4.0|This is a good novel for when you're going away; to the beach or city, it doesn't make much difference. It's not great literature by any means, but Nicholls does lots of writerly things well.<br />His dialogue is always totally convincing, and with One Day he's produced a vehicle to support it.
B003L20IJM|5.0|A much needed good movie for the whole family. Maggie Gyllenhaal is absolutely beautiful in this movie and really captivates the audience. Emma Thompson is just right as Nanny Mcphee.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Most newcomers to the Plants vs Zombie awesomeness will probably be satisfied with this game as is. I, on the other hand, being a gamer have been playing this game since release date since the days I was called a loser for playing a game that looked like it was meant for kids. Hah, were they wrong when you play some of the levels. However, where's the rest? Adventure mode.. Cool. But, where's the puzzles? And it looks like iPhone just got Zen Garden, so here's hoping we'll be getting the full PC/Mac version on our phones soon. The fact we were able to get it for free for a day gives this game four stars over three for being a small port of the full version. Just goes to show Popcap is still in tune with its fanbase.
0920668372|5.0|My best friend bought this book for us when we had our first daughter nearly 5 years ago. She started being interested in this by age 2. From the first time I read this to her I made up a melody and actually sang the part the mother sings to her child while rocking her as the mother in the book did, \\"I love you forever. I like you for always. As long as I'm living, my baby you'll be.\\" It wasn't long before my daughter would sing this song with me, to me, to her dolls, or have me sing it to her after a bad dream. Her younger sister, now almost 4 years old, has had the same connection to the book and song. We recently had our third child, and while he was in the womb my daughters would rub my belly and sing the song to him. The story itself is touching and helps teach children that no matter how crazy you might drive your mother, she still loves you forever. It also guides the children through the stages of aging for the boy into a man, and the mother as she grows old and frail - all the while, her son loves her as he was loved. He then passes on the tradition of the song and rocking to his new baby girl. Well written, engaging pictures, and beautiful sentiment that is sure to delight your child while boosting their self-esteem that they will be loved and liked by you forever and always. This book is a MUST HAVE for any child's library.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|See this movie, see it in the theater with a big screen!<br /><br />I am not familiar with JJ Abrams but he definitely is a student of Lucas and producer Spielberg.<br /><br />The only name actor in the movie is Kyle Chandler as  Jack Lamb, who for years has played small town Texas high school football Coach Eric Taylor on the well-acted but under-watched TV series \\"Friday Night Lights\\". Lamb is an overwhelmed police deputy here with the same intensity and focus as Chandler has on \\"Friday Night Lights\\"<br /><br />Set in 1979 in small town Ohio, a group of five dorky middle school kids with a lot of braces and pimples including deputy Lamb's son Joe (Played by Joel Courtney) , decide to make a zombie movie shot on Super 8 film, the low budget media of the day. The movie is seen through their eyes. They want to enter a statewide amateur movie contest. They enlist the help of love interest Alice, from the wrong side of town, played by Elle Fanning (Dakota Fannings little sister). Alice unexpectedly turns out to be a great actress, jawdroppingly good. The kids go to the train station to get more \\"production values\\" in their zombie movie. A train goes by while they are shooting and then wrecks spectacularly. I won't say more, but there are plenty of plot twists and turns.<br /><br />Movie starts out silly and slow paced teen movie but rapidly picks up speed intensity and focus. Action/adventure, suspense, mystery, menace, scifi, a creature and a lot of strange events. Like the best of George Lucas and Stephen Spielberg, Super 8 is it's own movie, but pulls in bits and pieces from various \\"Indiana Jones\\", \\"ET\\", \\"Close Encounters of the Third Kind\\" and \\"Alien\\". In a season with a lot of formulaic less-than-super, predictable superhero movies, this is the action movie to see!<br /><br />Highest recommendation! The kind of great action movie that just doesn't seem to be made anymore. Emotionally intense.
1594202842|3.0|Even though I didn't love this book, it was a great source of discussion for my book club. We all have kids so we had a good conversation about issues such as parenting in general, figuring out how much to push our children and cultural differences in raising children.  And, I think it gave us all food for thought. There was one thing in particular Chua wrote about that we all took away from this book - she truly believes her children have it in them to succeed so she focused on certain areas (particularly musical instruments) and stopped at nothing to make sure they reached their full potential. Whereas American parents tend to want their children to excel in many different areas (educational, social, sports, music) and focus on rewards and building a positive self image. It made us all wonder if we don't make our kids work hard enough. It's a quick, easy read. I appreciate the author's honesty about how she raised her two girls (I, quite honesty, would be embarrassed if I raised my children this way), I only gave the book three stars because I didn't feel like it told the whole story. The author mainly focuses on her daughters learning piano and violin. I would have liked to hear more about her marriage, her daughters' relationships with their father, her friendships, etc.
1416550550|2.0|This story and certain characters were too predictable for me.  I got a little frustrated with the narrator, because, I had already figured out the story whereas she was slow and missed some obvious facts. There were a few loose ends that were not answered or followed thru at the end.  The story also lacked some depth to the characters.
B000OPO6VU|5.0|It's wonderful to see this album on CD. I owned it on vinyl back in the 70's but haven't heard it for God knows how long, so it was like greeting a long-lost friend when I bought this. \\"Trilogy\\" is without doubt ELP's most accessible album, released when they were riding a massive wave of popularity (topping the UK'S NME and Melody Maker readers polls in just about every section). ELP were not to everyone's taste however - the late John Peel once famously called them \\"a waste of eletricity, and talent too\\".   Trilogy was their fourth and most commercially sucessful album, doing especially well in the USA. I would describe it as a prog. rock album that appeals even to people who don't really like prog. rock (e.g. me).   Keith Emerson's moog playing is more inspired than ever, especially on \\"Abbadon's Bolero\\" and on an excellent version of the excellent Aaron Copland's excellent \\"Hoedown\\" from the excellent \\"Rodeo\\" (pretty excellent don'tcha think?). Lake's largely acoustic \\"From The Beginning\\" has a laid back west-coast feel complete with quiet, bubbling synth playing and some lovely Joe Lala style hand percussion from Palmer. A great sounding track, very different from the usual ELP fare, and I for one would have liked to have seen the band produce more material like this. The title track gives the trio space to show how well they work individually and collectively.   All in all this is a great 1970's album which, unlike many of its contemporaries, has not really dated at all.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I can't imagine how it could be better. Great cast - these people look like they are historical figures not actors, great acting, special effects done so well you only know they are generated because it would be impossible to have those props. And of course the story is as powerful as it gets.  Hopefully this same team can do a Korean War and WWI chapter to complete the story/history.
1594744769|5.0|Young Jacob Portman was close to his grandfather, loving the stories his grandfather told of his childhood in Wales - the magically beautiful house, the other children ... and that they were all \\"peculiar.\\"  One could levitate; one was invisible, others had other talents.  Jacob believed these stories until he was bullied about them at school when he was about 7, then announced he no longer believed in them and his grandfather never brought it up again.<br /><br />However, when Jacob is 16 he finds his grandfather horribly murdered - and sees something in the forest that haunts him.  An evil-looking creature, just like those his grandfather used to describe from his youth - the monsters that drove Grandpa Portman from his home.  Unable to resolve his feelings of guilt and grief, Jacob and his father travel to Wales to try to find the children's home, in hopes that finding it and talking to people from his grandfather's past he will be able to finally resolve his feelings.<br /><br />However, once in the small town on a Welsh island, few people know what he is talking about - finally he finds someone who has heard of the house and gives him directions, but he finds only a run-down, bombed out house that was apparently destroyed in World War II.  While looking around, however, he finds a truck of pictures, which he shoves down the stairs in order to break into it.  The floor actually breaks and the trunk falls into the basement, and while down there he hears the voices ... of children ...<br /><br />What happens next .. you'll have to find out for yourself.  \\"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children\\" is an amazing piece of magical reality, however, and I don't think you will end up being disappointed in reading it.  One unusual thing about this book is the use of pictures throughout - something that isn't seen much in fiction anymore.  These pictures document some of the people in the book.<br /><br />I highly recommend it and hope you will take my advice and buy this book - the sooner the better!!
0515149489|2.0|I completely appreciate Nora Roberts' writings; I try to read almost everything she puts out there, however, this story was extremely disappointing.  There was much, too much detail on the dogs and not enough on the characters.  The conclusion was a big letdown.  Simon was crude and rough and Fiona came off as a desperate woman looking for a man to fulfill her supposedly happy life.  I couldn't understand Fiona going along with the disrespect Simon shows her and the tough male attitude \\"telling\\" her (rather than asking) and \\"speaking\\" for her time and time again.  Sure she does call him on it (albeit meekly), but she allows it to happen and that is a big downer to a woman's self respect.  The basic story would have been much better played out with a kinder male lead and a stronger female heroine.
B004EPYZUI|3.0|A lot of the reviews I'm seeing for this are split two ways. Either they thought the story sucked of they loved the effects. So let's strike a balance, The story is weak. I'm talking about \\"could've been told as a short film\\" weak. I believe it's based on an old story that I won't go into here cause it gives the whole thing away.<br />  Visually the movie is stunning. It really is a live action anime. If you like comic books and anime then you might find Sucker Punch entertaining and the effects are well done.<br />  So to wrap it up, if you want a good, visually satisfying movie that let's you turn your brain off for a few hours and look at the pretty pictures and would want to do that repeatedly then by all means buy this movie. If you're looking for depth then you'll want to looks elsewhere (The Watchmen or 300 come to mind.) For my tastes and wallet, this is a rental I'll get from Amazon VOD.
030726999X|5.0|I couldn't find this 3d book of the girl trilogy anywhere locally.  It was on Amazon and in hardback and in good condition.<br />I just finished the 500+ pages of the ...Hornet's Nest and am thrilled I could get it so quickly without hassle.  The series itself is a phenomenon so don't miss any of the series.  Buy on Amazon to save money and get the same new quality that you can then resell.  I recommend this seller who was prompt and honest.
B004W5T2RG|2.0|ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ......I SHOULD HAVE GIVEN IT THREE STARS BECAUSE THIS MOVIE WORKED BETTER THAN AMBIEN.  THE BEST NIGHT'S SLEEP I'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME!!!
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|Its been a while since I posted here with so many things going on I wanted to do a complete review of the Wachowski Brothers Matrix Trilogy. So I finally broke down and ordered the Ultimate Matrix Collection on BluRay and some sixty days later I'm still going through the material. The collection presents the three films with incredible picture and sound quality even though I must say the discs can be somewhat tempermental at times. In watching them they had a tendency to freeze at certain times requiring a restart and chapter search to get back to where I was. Not a big problem but somewhat aggravating.    The amount of bonus material that you get with this set is the thing that really sells it. There are eleven commentaries, 104 bonus featurettes, the Animatrix, all of the live action scenes from the Enter the Matrix video game, a selection of 41 music only tracks and much more. All of this amounts to some thirty-five plus hours of special features. The question I guess is \\"Is this all really necessary or is it complete overkill?\\" My answer tends to lead in the direction of overkill. The first film was a pop culture phenomenon the sequels were entertaining in their own way but much less interesting than the first. The bonus materials attempt to give you a complete picture of the entire filming process. There is not a major sequence in any of the films that is not covered in detail and then it seems recovered.    Perhaps themost interesting special features are the commentaries. Since the Wachowskis did not wish as per their written introduction to comment on the individual filmms theylet two distinct groups do the talking. The philosopher's commentary feature Dr. Cornel West and Ken Wilbur who really enjoyed the films a group of critics who did not think the films were that great provided the counterpoint. One has to be amazed that Warner Brothers would allow a commentary who are so willing to talk about the flaws in the films.    The featurettes while interestinggo on for far too long. This is the kind of material that will be seen at most once even by the most strident of fans. There are a pair of hour long documentaries on the philosophy and science behind the films that are worth checking out but probably won't be viewed more than once.    As mentioned before the discs have great sound and picture. The BluRay experience also includes The Animatrix a great change from Warners' original HiDef packaging.This is an extremely well put together set but except for real fans probably won't be viewed more than once in its entirety. There is a film only collection that may be the more economic deal here. It's still highly recommended by this viewer but be warned it is a lot of material.
0375713751|1.0|My sister sent me this book years ago. I finally took the time to read it (first novel in 10 years) because they are turning it into a movie starring  Sarah Jessica Parker.  I figured it had to be OK.  AND I wondered what message my sister was trying to send me.    Well, the first half of the book was extremely boring. Any mom knows what it's like to juggle roles;  We don't need this character to bore us with the details.  And THIS mom (Kate) had an in-home babysitter and husband who HELPED !!  And she was complaining/stressed ?!!?  Anyway, the author tries to wrap the book - and  Kate's life - up in a nice little bow at the end.  How quaint. And unreal.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|The good:<br />The great list of features, for a reasonable price prompted me to buy this watch. I will say that once you read a bit of the monitor, it is easy and intuitive to use; unlike Polar watches. I am a walk-runner, so I love the interval timing feature, that not every watch has. It's also not too bulky; I have small wrists and was afraid the 305 would be too much.<br /><br />The bad:<br /><br />I bought my Garmin 405 CX a year ago and technically am already on my second watch. In a year's time I've averaged 15 miles a week, run 2 marathons, one half and participated in a 24 hour relay. From a battery perspective my watch has been extremely unreliable; so much so that when I complained twice about the dwindling battery life, mine was replaced with a refurbished one. That one hasn't been much better, my watch went from a 70% battery life to 0% in the span of 5 minutes during a race. As such, I never run without my Nike+ as a backup. I've also experienced some buggy issues with the software. The bezel is a pain too, if your hands are wet/sweaty it may not register when you touch it.<br /><br />I have other running friends with the same watch and similar headaches. I'm disappointed that this watch has given me grief from almost the moment I bought it. I'm looking into the 305; it seems to be a much more reliable watch. I guess I'm somewhere between 2 and 3 stars on this, but I'll round up.<br /><br />UPDATE 7/15:<br />I am now on my third 405CX in 14 months. The refurbished model Garmin replaced my original with has been a disaster from the moment it arrived; it's been only a few months and it already crashes all the time. I bought a 305 and relegated this to my short runs in the gym, but the last straw was charging it to 100% having it die in less than 5 minutes. When it dies the screen flashes and it beeps for about 10 minutes, which makes you \\"that\\" person in the gym. When I contacted Garmin they actually said \\"The bezel on the 405CX is sensitive. When water sweat and dirt get on the unit it can cause the unit to sense bezel presses that cause the unit to switch screens and eventually lock up and can drain the battery quickly when it does this.\\" Kind of ridiculous for a sport watch if you ask me. I think I'll sell the replacement 405 when it arrives and buy a second 305, it has fewer features but I'd take them for the reliability it provides. I do appreciate the company's customer service, but it's not enough to offset a really crappy product.ause the unit to sense bezel presses that cause the unit to switch screens and eventually lock up and can drain the battery quickly when it does this.\\" Kind of ridiculous for a sport watch if you ask me. I think I'll sell the replacement 405 when it arrives and buy a second 305, it has fewer features but I'd take them for the reliability it provides. I do appreciate the company's customer service, but it's not enough to offset a really crappy product.
0545123291|5.0|I have posted a review on this book before, and it went something like, \\"Why do the Wolves of Mercy Falls turn into wolves?\\" and I answered that question with \\"The cold makes them wolves.\\" and in Linger the cold no longer has much of an effect. For one, there are new wolves, and for two there's Sam who well, let's not give away the plot points, but basically there's Sam as Sam.<br /><br />This book was read during massive pain so I can't comment much but I did read it in almost one sitting and I was engaged in the book, even if it did make me want to punch characters in the face. Yes, those characters know who they are, and they know why they deserve to be punched in the face.<br /><br />Either way, Maggie once again doesn't fail to emit an emotional response from me, even if it is total appall at the plot line of this book, especially in terms of the parental units.<br /><br />I am anxiously awaiting the final book in the series and all I know about it is that Maggie threw out the MS a month before it was due, and laid on a floor and was certain she would never write anything again. So I guess she picked herself back up and finished the book because yay it's coming soon!<br /><br />[...]
B004ZH66XO|3.0|This is another &quot;level up&quot; game like Angry Birds; you unlock levels as you advance. But the controls on my Evo Shift are iffy, and I can't get the speed or maneuverability needed to avoid the larger fish at even the most basic levels.<br /><br />Also, what's the point of the &quot;grow&quot; seaweed if, after eating all available pieces, your fish still isn't large enough to eat or avoid the dangerous ones?<br /><br />Will keep this one on my Evo, I'm sure my 4-year-old nieces will enjoy the basics.
0316077054|4.0|I need to start off with the obvious and that is the fact that when we last left Lena and Ethan, she had used the book to of moons to save Ethan's life and her Uncle Macon died. Sorry if you haven't read Beautiful Creatures yet. Her eyes were left green and gold, green means light caster, gold means dark caster.<br /><br />Beautiful Darkness is the aftermath of that choice, which leaves a lot of questions in the air and really changes things between Ethan and Lena.<br /><br />What I loved so much about this book was that despite the clearly defined lines between light and dark, they manage to find a way to make both the light and the dark useful. I have ranted long and hard in the past about how light and dark are really racial differences and have nothing to do with good or evil. I'm glad to see the authors taking my side on that when it comes to Lena and her decision to be light or dark.<br /><br />Also from Beautiful Creatures is the fact that if Lena choose Light, all her Dark Incubus relatives will die, where as if she chooses dark all of her Light Caster relatives will die. It's not a decision that is easy for a teenage girl to make.<br /><br />That being said there is definitely a lot more journeying in this book which I liked, and we do get to see more of the Caster World, including some unexpected twists and turns.<br /><br />[....]
B0027VTMAE|5.0|Even though Roman Polanski is a creep, he can make one heck of a movie.  Great thriller with a superb ending.  I highly recommend purchasing this movie!
0061726826|5.0|Fortunately, a little birdie gave me this link. I don't think the regulators will notice if you sneak a peak. Although, reading it will completely infect you with amor deliria nervosa. I think that might ruin your chances of getting a high score on your evaluation.<br /><br />Either way, it will probably change the way you see the world, in a sad sort of \\"Wow I hope we never end up that way\\" kind of way. You'll probably be aching for more than the 90 pages I managed to read in 90 minutes and no doubt will be itching to devour a copy in under two days.<br /><br />Now, I know this book is getting a lot of hype and I can see why, it'll no doubt be one of the best books of 2011. To it's credit though, you will not expect some of the subtle twists and turns Oliver has added to the world building that makes it seem effortless and beautiful. Yes, sometimes you can read about topics that might in other contexts seem contrite and boring, but, being cured of love? That's never been done. And it's never been immortalized in fiction. Until now.<br /><br />I highly doubt we'll ever find a cure for Lauren Oliver's writing style, and frankly, I'm okay to be an Invalid in the Wilds infecting you all with her literature.<br />[...]
B004RE29PO|5.0|This movie is absolutely fantastic for blu-ray.  I was a little worried whether or not this movie would get the right treatment for high definition.  So many classics have been butchered when it comes to bluray releases and I am just so happy that they truly spared no expense in making sure this movie looked fabulous.<br /><br />For all Aliens fans or for anyone that hasn't seen it, this is the time to jump aboard because this movie feels so new and fresh again that it is worth the purchase to upgrade from DVD.  Enjoy.
0439023521|5.0|By now you've read this book, and if you haven't you should.<br /><br />There are no real words to describe this book, this trilogy really. It's more of an experience that everyone has to live through in a different way because if you really think you're just safe sitting on the couch, lying in bed, reading at your desk at work, then you're wrong. You'll soon begin to feel very very not safe, no matter what you do.<br /><br />Safety is sort of the key. And you won't be safe until you finish all three books.<br /><br />When I began the book I was in my car. I heard it was going to become a movie. I saw it win Best Teen Read in Canada, [...] and even though I avoided the book due to the premise on the back, I felt the urge to read it.<br /><br />The first seven chapters whipped by me and I realize that this is not a love story. There's love incorporated into it, but it's not a love story, not really. I put it down. I contemplate reading the rest. I tell myself maybe it's better I don't know what happens in this series. I tell myself these things because I don't want to know what will happen in the arena with Katniss and Peeta.<br /><br />I really like the idea of not having nightmares.<br />[...]
B004ZH66XO|2.0|Looks great but it is difficult to play due to the touchscreen controls. if you can't see what you're eating/avoiding it really limits gameplay. so this game looks nice but plays poorly. great try though.
0545123275|5.0|I can't believe I haven't reviewed this book on my blog yet! That seems weird to me since I've read it like ten times and usually carry it around in my purse.<br /><br />I love the prose. That's what drew me in about this book, it wasn't trying to hook me from the beginning and frankly, I read the beginning slowly, and once I hit a certain point I couldn't stop. I never once thought of putting down the book, but then, I ended up staying up all night to finish reading it.<br /><br />And that's why it's my favorite book.<br /><br />My critique partner makes fun of me for having a crush on Sam and oh well, I guess I'm like most girls that do. I'm anxiously waiting for Forever, the last book in the series, and also waiting on the movie because this would be fantastic on screen.<br /><br />I liked the somber approach, the slow way she writes that draws you in, that makes you want for more, but also makes you feel comfortable. Some books are like 5 o'clock rush hour on a New York freeway and this is more like, tumbleweeds across deserted desert roads. Once car every 30 minutes. It's an actual break away from the world not like those vacations that you need a vacation from. Shiver didn't make me want to hide in my bed for three days with a pillow over my head. It just made me want to read the next book.<br /><br />And that review will be posted shortly. To be fair, I think I need to read Linger again, having read it on the day my wisdom teeth were removed and I was hyped up on 13 extra strength advils and STILL feeling it . . . might have skewered my perception just a little bit.<br /><br />Either way Maggie Steifvater gets more than 5 out of 5, her book is another legend to me, and it'll always be my favorite.<br /><br />rhiannonpaille.blogspot.com
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Fun game and certainly worth paying for, but not until they fix a few issues. Thankfully I got it when it was free.    The game will frequently start freezing and then my phone (Samsung Fascinate) will REBOOT. No warning other than a few vibrations, then WHAMO! Phone shuts off.    Also, I made it to about stage 3-7 and the game lost my place so I had to start over. Just when the game was getting interesting.    So...DEV's...you've got some work to do.    Personally if you're interested in this I would hold off until they update this and people confirm that the problems are fixed (unless it's free again...it's worth free for sure).    You wonder if the DEV's even test these things sometimes.
0439023513|5.0|A book that makes you question your very existence and the fragility of your life, is a book you need to read.<br /><br />Where was I? I was nothing and I was nowhere. I was ripped to shreds. Once again I couldn't quite guess the plot. I knew what was going on but when I read this book it was like a bomb went off in my head and amidst all the action, the conversations, and the silence there was the sheer over everything. It made things glossy, it made it seem real but unreal. And there was a constant ringing in my ears, the high pitched hum of sound.<br /><br />And I couldn't stop reading the book. I needed to see how it ended, I needed relief, I needed to resist the urge to throw up. Some of those twists and turns, the ones I didn't see, and couldn't understand at the time, were not good for me. Throwing me out of sorts with myself.<br /><br />And here I am trying to convince myself it's just a book. But no, everything feels like it's happening right before your eyes. Everything seems too real, too brutal, too twisted and corrupted.<br /><br />Again, trying not to give away the plot, but the basic military style plot is pretty see through. It's obvious that even though Katniss isn't the Capitol's pawn anymore, she's District 13's pawn. Things are better there, but a lot more uniform, a lot more controlled. And Katniss is a natural rebel, she's not going to conform, even if it does make life simple, and livable.<br /><br />The big question of course is who she will end up with, Gale or Peeta. And the answer is simple, who can she not survive without? It's not a question of love, because this is not a love story. It's a question of self preservation. Who she needs more. And it's clear that she's losing her mind, that all the characters are losing it in some way. Somehow, when you take away the game, and make the game real, it actually has a perverse affect on people.<br /><br />And nobody here is really safe. It goes back to my thoughts that nobody is safe, that if you think you're safe you're not.<br /><br />[...]
0385732554|5.0|The main character here, Jonas, proved his talents and became the new receiver- in training. The giver and the receiver are kind of a cell, where you keep all the memories. The world, (described in this book), is nothing. No taste, no colors, no feelings, no emotions, no changes, but the same dull life of living with the rule.<br />Through his trainings, he discovered many delights and pains, for that he never experienced it before. In addition, he was told why the world was so dull, full of mechanic voices meaning nothing. The committee had changed the world. The climate made the crops difficult to grow and the raw landscape made them almost impossible to live. So they used climate change, bulldozers to make everything easy and simple. After taking the nature into control, it was said that the committee took all emotions, pains, joys and selected a person to hold all those \\"dangerous\\" memories themselves- The Giver.<br />Jonas, after a year, sets his mind of returning the emotions to the numb world, and carefully plans his move. When Jonas escapes, the Giver will let go of all his memories to let people FEEL the world. However, Jonas took a young child named Gabriel and the escape was delayed. While the escape, Jonas experienced the real, unchanged world, and he had memories himself. The REAL memories he experienced instead of transferred. At the end, Jonas finds his destination, and slides to what it may be a real world, or elsewhere.<br /><br />I think we should be thoughtful about our lives and enjoy it well. Who knows? Maybe our future will be the same as the people in the Giver.
0439023491|5.0|It's only fair to tell you what I expected the plot to entail. Katniss and Peeta would come back from the Capitol, they would live in the Victor's Village. Katniss would probably hunt, she would probably try to improve the lives of the people in District 12. She would spread out her winnings. She would be forced to face the question of love regarding Peeta and Gale. The Capitol would want her to do her tour, and in front of the cameras, they'd want her to keep up the illusion of her love life. The Hunger Games would come for another year, and she'd be thrust into the process of trying to keep whoever they were alive. I thought Gale would end up in the arena. I thought she'd have to work from the outside, with Peeta's help to save his life too. To bring him home.<br /><br />None of the above happened at all.<br /><br />What happened was so far from my idea of what could happen that I was pretty much stunned and shocked the entire time. I kept reading thinking okay, so this is what's going to happen next. Then I turn a page and once again I'm surprised by what's happening.<br /><br />There was this one moment though that still bothers me. It just felt like something that should have been inserted. I don't want to give away crucial plot points, but when Katniss and Peeta end up having a different role in the 75th Annual Hunger Games, and it sort of interrupts their public nuptials, couldn't they have done it during the interviews? I thought it would have been sick and horrific to have them announce to the nation, \\"Til death do we part.\\" Literally.<br /><br />But Suzanne Collins had some seriously different ideas for this book. And it somehow makes the whole thing more gruesome.<br /><br />[...]
B001RTP48G|5.0|I have been a PSB fan for twenty five years, ever since It's a Sin topped the charts.  This is my favourite album.    Catchy melodies, trite yet clever and insightful lyrics, lush production, beautiful vocals ... it is one of those rare albums where EVERY song is a hit, and no track is mere filler.    Whenever I play this album it puts me in a great mood: it is so fun to listen to; every song is distinct with nothing blurring into the next, and just when you think it's all wound down and you've reached the end, \\"The Way It Used To Be\\" comes on with its distinctive disco beat and haunting, evocative vocals, bringing yet another smile to my face.    Full marks!
B004EPZ06G|5.0|There is a certain amount of predictability in this film, which is not really bad. The movie picks up 2 years later. Ed Helms is getting married in Thailand (pronounced Thigh-land). His future father-in-law hates him. His wife has a 16 year old brother who is pre-med. Ed wisely chooses not to have a bachelor party or invite Alan (Zach Galifianakis) along. He is talked into inviting Alan who worships the time the &#34;Wolf Pack&#34; was together. Of course once the guys get back together and raise their glasses in a toast...<br /><br />The movie uses the same formula as the first one. It takes a seemingly impossible situation and reconstructs a humorous story around it. Their mission in this episode is to locate Teddy, the pre-med student. On par with the first film.<br /><br />F-bomb, nudity, she-male nudity, crude humor, n-word, Ed Helms bent over and taking it up the...
B0036EH3UC|5.0|I was 15 years old when the original \\"Battlestar Galactica\\" had its one-season run in 1978. Even at that tender age, an age when my present criteria for what comprised good science fiction was not yet fully formed, I detested that show. I thought it was ludicrous, forced and cheesy. I think if I had been 8 years old at the time, I would have loved it, because it really was that simplistic.<br /><br />So, when the remake started airing on the Sci-Fi Channel in 2003, I totally ignored it. I thought \\"Why would anybody remake such cheesy 70's dreck? Does nobody have any original ideas anymore?\\" and then totally forgot about the existence of the new show for years.<br /><br />Fast forward to 2010, when I bought a Wi-Fi streaming Blu-ray player and started a Netflix account to go with it. In these days of lowest common denominator television replete with horrid reality shows, Netflix has been a great refuge. When I noticed that the entire BSG remake was available for streaming, I thought, \\"OK, I'll watch the pilot miniseries, what's the harm?\\" And three hours later, I realized that I had been missing out on some fabulous sci-fi. I subsequently watched every episode on Netflix, and caught the \\"webisodes\\" on Youtube. I've had this box set in my wish list for a while now, hoping the price would drop to a point where I could justify purchasing it. Then one day a week ago or so, Amazon listed it as their \\"Deal of the Day\\" at a hugely discounted price. I snapped it right up, and now have it as a centerpiece of my video collection.<br /><br />The show itself is a masterpiece of televised science fiction. As a small child, my idea of good sci-fi was pretty much \\"the more spaceships and aliens, the better.\\" As an adult, my preference is that science fiction concentrate on strong character development and good storylines. BSG is the first sci-fi series I have seen in a long time that passes my litmus test of \\"Take the sci-fi elements out of the story and replace them with equivalent non sci-fi counterparts. Does the series/movie still succeed on its own merits\\"? If you don't get what I mean here, think of the movie \\"Avatar\\". Take out all the wild effects and sci-fi elements, replace the Na'vi with regular Native Americans, but keep the plot and script as much the same as possible otherwise. What you end up with is a standard-issue, mediocre cowboys vs. Indians flick. Strip away the sci-fi glittering prettiness, and \\"Avatar\\" is absolutely nothing special. As I applied that litmus test to BSG, I realized that this show easily stood on its own as quality television. That's because the show is all about people.<br /><br />Character development was very important to Ronald Moore and the other people behind this series. There's a large cast here, and care is taken to flesh out all the various characters. The main characters - the Adamas, Col. Tigh, Starbuck, et. al. - were perfectly realized as deeply complex, deeply conflicted people who were portrayed as flawed human beings under the hottest of fires. It was a brilliant decision to make the main Cylon antagonists biological machines - it was a great way to force the viewer to look at the universe from their perspective and gave the Cylons some much-needed multi-dimensionality that was sorely missing from the original series.<br /><br />In this remake, you'll see all that makes humans human - nobility and bravery mixed with pettiness and cowardice, politics, many parallels with our current \\"war on terror\\" (complete with suicide bombings from unexpected sources), political strife, religious conflict, the abortion debate, the often uneasy alliance between civilian governments and the military, and on and on. The people behind the show do not take the easy way out and blindly  portray the humans solely as the good guys and the Cylons as the one-dimensional bad guys. As in real life, the good guys are not all good and the bad guys are not all bad. BSG does a great job at providing a frank and honest perspective of both sides. The series has a dark, technologically primitive (for sc-fi) and grungy look to it that is a refreshing change from the hi-tech sterile, bright and shiny feel that most sci-fi has these days. The cinematography nicely enhances the mood of desperation and despair that goes along with trying to save the human race from total extinction.<br /><br />About the only thing I was mildly disappointed with was the grand finale to the series. It wrapped the show up more or less neatly, and the ending made sense, but it was uninvolving to me. Apparently, it is very difficult to make finales that are on par with the overall series, as my experiences with the finales of other shows such as \\"Cheers\\", \\"Seinfeld\\", \\"Star Trek: Voyager\\", and others have shown me. However, overall, my tepid reaction to the finale is a relatively minor nitpick compared to the overall brilliance of the series.<br /><br />As I got deeper into the series I found myself scouring the internet for reviews by reputable sources. I found plenty. Even publications like the New York Times, Time magazine and Newsday raved about it. Time magazine even called BSG the best show on television in 2005, and I can see why.<br /><br />As far as the physical box set itself goes, it is packaged well. In the main box are sub-boxes for the individual seasons. Each disc comes in a slimline plastic case for adequate protection. The set includes the made-for-TV BSG movies \\"Razor\\" and \\"The Plan\\" in appropriate chronological order, and indeed contains everything but the \\"Face of the Enemy\\" webisodes (Maybe I missed seeing them, let me know if I did and I will update my review). One thing I recommend to anyone who buys this set: when you get it, immediately check to see that the correct discs are in the set. I have seen reviews here where people have received sets that include two Season 3's and no Season 4, and also some who have noticed individual discs missing and/or duplicated within seasons. I was lucky enough to have everything correct in my box set, but I'm glad I checked.<br /><br />This is the rare science fiction series that you don't have to be a fan of sci-fi to enjoy. No television series is perfect, and BSG has its share of uneven and inconsistent moments, but I really can't recommend this brilliant show enough.erspective of both sides. The series has a dark, technologically primitive (for sc-fi) and grungy look to it that is a refreshing change from the hi-tech sterile, bright and shiny feel that most sci-fi has these days. The cinematography nicely enhances the mood of desperation and despair that goes along with trying to save the human race from total extinction.<br /><br />About the only thing I was mildly disappointed with was the grand finale to the series. It wrapped the show up more or less neatly, and the ending made sense, but it was uninvolving to me. Apparently, it is very difficult to make finales that are on par with the overall series, as my experiences with the finales of other shows such as \\"Cheers\\", \\"Seinfeld\\", \\"Star Trek: Voyager\\", and others have shown me. However, overall, my tepid reaction to the finale is a relatively minor nitpick compared to the overall brilliance of the series.<br /><br />As I got deeper into the series I found myself scouring the internet for reviews by reputable sources. I found plenty. Even publications like the New York Times, Time magazine and Newsday raved about it. Time magazine even called BSG the best show on television in 2005, and I can see why.<br /><br />As far as the physical box set itself goes, it is packaged well. In the main box are sub-boxes for the individual seasons. Each disc comes in a slimline plastic case for adequate protection. The set includes the made-for-TV BSG movies \\"Razor\\" and \\"The Plan\\" in appropriate chronological order, and indeed contains everything but the \\"Face of the Enemy\\" webisodes (Maybe I missed seeing them, let me know if I did and I will update my review). One thing I recommend to anyone who buys this set: when you get it, immediately check to see that the correct discs are in the set. I have seen reviews here where people have received sets that include two Season 3's and no Season 4, and also some who have noticed individual discs missing and/or duplicated within seasons. I was lucky enough to have everything correct in my box set, but I'm glad I checked.<br /><br />This is the rare science fiction series that you don't have to be a fan of sci-fi to enjoy. No television series is perfect, and BSG has its share of uneven and inconsistent moments, but I really can't recommend this brilliant show enough.
B001B4JVKE|4.0|Respeto todos los comentarios que se han hecho sobre este Cd pero en lo particular me pareció un magnifico material de Katie Melua, el DVD esta maravilloso aunque solo lo puedo ver en la computadora pero vale la pena. Soy de la ciudad de México, quiero recomedarselos ampliamente.
B000EXDS5M|5.0|The year 1969 marked a radical change in the way people looked at that most American of genres, the Western; for in that year, even though John Wayne was able to secure an Oscar for his performance in the old-fashioned TRUE GRIT, the Western underwent a shocking transformation via three films of the rapidly changing times variety.  Two of those were director Sam Peckinpah's extremely violent epic THE WILD BUNCH, and Sergio Leone's equally magisterial (but less violent) ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST.  The third, and even less violent, of this trio was BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID.<br /><br />Although the film greatly softens the story of the real-life outlaws, who were every bit as merciless as any in Western history (they robbed banks and trains for much of the 1890s in the Rockies, and killed many before they were forced out by progress and a relentless Pinkerton agency), it benefits greatly from having Paul Newman and Robert Redford paired together in the first of their two hugely successful big screen pairings (the other being THE STING), portray the two outlaws who, after blowing up a Union Pacific train with enough dynamite to level a building, find themselves hounded by Pinkerton agents as they make a break for it.  Aided and abetted by schoolteacher Etta Place (Katharine Ross), they journey way, way South to Bolivia to continue their bank-robbing ways, which subsequently makes them a target again.  It all climaxes in the little Bolivian town of San Vicente, where, trapped by the Army and refusing to surrender, they come out with their guns blazing one last time.<br /><br />While both director George Roy Hill (who would also helm THE STING) and legendary screenwriter William Goldman, together with Newman and Redford, do a great deal to sand down the much rougher aspects of the real-life outlaws, there are plenty of solid action sequences (the blow-up of the train; Newman and Redford jumping off a cliff into the river; the last moments), and a great deal of funny one-liners that are breezy and hip, while also acknowledging the durability of the Western genre as it exited the 1960s and entered the 1970s.  Ross adds a lot of credibility as Etta Place, as do such well-known genre acolytes as Strother Martin, Jeff Corey, and Henry Jones.  Bacharach's period score, which also includes the B.J. Thomas hit \\"Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head\\" (written in collaboration with Bacharach's partner Hal David), is also hugely appropriate.<br /><br />Although far less radical than either THE WILD BUNCH or ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST, BUTCH CASSIDY is also a long ways away from the John Wayne model as well, since, for all its humorous elements, there is that creeping cynicism of progress and the law shutting down the old West in this film that was evident in Peckinpah's and Leone's films.  As with so many Westerns, this film is blessed with the solid cinematography of Conrad Hall, who also worked on THE PROFESSIONALS, and location shoots in various Western locales and (as a stand-in for Bolivia) the state of Guerrero in central Mexico.  The end result may not have been the seismic shock wave that Peckinpah's and Leone's epics were, but it still reflected a new way of thinking about the genre and appreciating (and, in many ways, even mourning) what we lost on the way to progress and civilization.  This remains one of the genre's all-time unquestioned highpoints.
B0018QOIXU|5.0|What hasn't already been said about Adele's talent? She has an undeniably powerful voice that never brinks to the point of being self-righteous and over the top. It's genuinely stunning, raw, real, and sincere. Her lyrics are simple and powerful. The entire production of this album showcases a very talented woman whose music style is classy, retro, and uniquely her own. The quality I love the most about Adele is that she dares to be herself. In a day and age where every other mainstream female artist resorts to an over the top gimmick and image to make a name of themselves and to amass a large fan base, it's refreshing to see someone who can stand on her own by just her sheer talent and raw voice, and still have the fanbase, fame, and attention that is rightfully deserved.
0316056863|5.0|I am not a fan of Saturday Night Live so I don't have a lot of background on Tina Fey. That being said she is a great actress and after reading this book I discovered how funny she can be. The book is a hoot and Tina takes you through various episodes in her life and career that all of us \\"ordinary people\\" can relate to. From her childhood all the way up to her marriage and career nothing is sacred and we learn about all the bumps in her life.<br /><br />If you want a book to take you away from the cares of the day and give you a good laugh read Tina's book. You won't be disappointed.
1439133948|3.0|Cryoburn begins with Miles Vorkosigan roaming, lost, cold and hallucinating, in a necropolis maze beneath the city of Kitahashi. A necropolis full of the frozen dead. On the planet of Kibou-daini very few people die naturally: sick, injured or old, they are carefully preserved before the final moment; prepped and put into storage in the growing cryopolis, underground or in towers, pyramids even, in the hope of a technological resurrection. It's a big business, the business, and since they're not really dead, but need someone to look out for their interests, the assets and the votes of the cryogenically interred are held in trust - and used - by small number of increasingly powerful companies. It's a situation not everyone living on Kibou-daini is happy about.    Miles has been sent to the planet to look into the background of one of the big companies, which is proposing to open a subsidiary in the Barrayaran Empire. The conference he's attending is attacked by a local political group; some of the delegates are kidnapped; but Miles, of course, escapes ... Before he can make his way back to the Barrayaran Embassy he learns a lot about the Kitahashi underground - literal, political and economic. And before he can go home he has to find out what the Kibou-daini cryocorps are hiding, what they're planning, and the limits of what you can do when you're really, really out of your comfort zone ...    Cryoburn is the twelfth Vorkosigan novel - the sixteenth story, if you count novellas and other episodes - and it's far from the best. The ideas are interesting, certainly, but hardly worth the time Bujold spends on them. She retired Miles Vorkosigan from the mercenary life at the end of Brothers in Arms; found him a new job with plenty of dramatic and narrative potential in Memory and even, between A Civil Campaign and Diplomatic Immunity managed to get him married off and soon to be a father. Personally, I think the magic went missing somewhere in there. It's not that her stories need the space battles of the earlier Vorkosigan novels, or even the political intrigues of the later ones, but they do need Miles and his insecurities, his desperate need to prove himself, to be better than people think. Miles married and settled and soon to be Count Vorkosigan in his own right doesn't seem to burn quite as brightly.    The most interesting thing about Cryoburn is the way other characters react to Miles. His faithful Armsman, Roic, a former policeman, still hopes that this time things will be done by the book, even though he knows after all this time that m'lord Vorkosigan would rather write the book as he goes, or afterwards - 'tis better to seek forgiveness than permission, he says. The Barrayaran Ambassador is constantly appalled by Miles' crash through approach to everything, although he becomes resigned to it by the end. And the Kibou-daini locals just can't figure him out at all - a child-size man with too much energy, too much imagination and too much honour.    What you can see much more clearly in Cryoburn - making plain what was always there, but excused by charm and results - is the Miles Naismith Vorkosigan uses people. Mercenaries, underlings, allies, relatives, strangers are all swept up, employed as tools or weapons as required, and made to serve his ends. For the most part they are not casually thrown away afterwards ... but not everyone survives an encounter with Lord Miles, Admiral Naismith or whoever, and not everyone remembers him fondly.    I do ... but I like to remember the Miles of The Vor Game and Brothers in Arms and Memory. The Vorkosigan books are among my favourites, and include some of my absolute favourite scenes in any genre. I was looking forward to Cryoburn immensely, and while I won't say I was disappointed I will say it has not left me, as most of the other Vorkosigan books did, wanting more.    fractallogic.wordpress.com
B004SIP73U|3.0|Child sex abuse in Catholic churches is an unfortunate fact of life and was so serious that it warranted a Papal decree in 2001. No one knows the full extent of the problem, but some estimates claim as many as 5% of Catholic clergy have been involved, and as of 2004 more than 10,000 victims had come forward with allegations against more than 4,000 Priests.<br /><br />Films have rarely addressed this troubling topic. Documentaries on the subject include \\"Deliver Us From Evil\\" (2006) and \\"Sex Crimes and the Vatican\\" (2006). Feature films include \\"The Boys of St. Vincent\\" (1992) which takes place in Canada, \\"The Magdalene Sisters\\" (2002) which takes place in Ireland, \\"Song for a Raggy Boy\\" (2003) which takes place in Spain<br /><br />\\"Doubt\\" is a 2008 adaptation of the Pulitizer Prize winning semi-autobiographical play of the same name by John Patrick Shanley (1950).<br /><br />Time: 1964. Place: The Bronx<br /><br />Philip Seymour Hoffman (1967) plays a priest suspected of child abuse. Hoffman was nominated for an Oscar 3 times and won once (\\"Capote\\").<br /><br />Meryl Streep (1949) plays a nun and the principal of the school attached to the diocese when Hoffman preaches. Streep was nominated for an Oscar 16 times and won for \\"Kramer vs. Kramer\\" (1979) and \\"Sophie's Choice\\" (1982),<br /><br />Beautiful and feisty Amy Adams (1974) plays a new teacher. Adams was nominated for an Oscar 3 times, for \\"Junebug\\" (2005), \\"Doubt\\" (2008), and \\"The Fighter\\" (2010).<br /><br />Viola Davis (1965) plays the child's mother. She was nominated for an Oscar for her role in this film. Primarily a TV actress, her previous film credits include \\"Traffic\\" (2000), \\"Antoine Fisher\\" (2002), and \\"Solaris\\" (2002). She has a recurring role as Molly Crane in the \\"Jesse Stone\\" TV movies.<br /><br />Joseph Foster plays the suspected victim. This was his second film.<br /><br />Writer and Director Shanley is primarily a writer. On his 12 screenplays, he won an Oscar for his screenplay \\"Moonstruck\\" (1987) and also wrote \\"Joe Vs. the Volcano\\" (1990) and \\"Congo\\" (1995). His only previous directing was \\"Joe vs. the Volcano\\".<br /><br />Roger Deakins (1949) is the cinematographer for more than half of the Coen Brothers films, including \\"Fargo\\", \\"O Brother...\\", and \\"No Country...\\" He accumulated 9 Oscar nominations but no wins.<br /><br />The film was nominated for 5 Oscars (Actor, Actress, Supporting Actor, Supporting Actress, Screenplay) but didn't win any. It was universally praised by critics, but did poorly at the box office, earning a half million dollars on its opening weekend despite a budget in excess of $20 million. Total domestic gross was $30+ million placing it at a rank of 1810.<br /><br />The top grossing films in 2008 were \\"The Dark Knight\\", \\"Indiana Jones Crystal Skull\\", \\"Kung Fu Panda\\", \\"Hancock\\", and \\"Mamma Mia\\". The big Oscar winner was \\"Slumdog Millionaire\\" (Picture, Director, Screenplay).<br /><br />There's not a lot of action in this film, and indeed there is lots and lots of dialogue, sometimes extending beyond 10 minutes. This is clearly a \\"thinking\\" person's film and it will be of interest to people who enjoy that type of film. As one of the few films to deal with the issue of child abuse in the Catholic church, it is a really important film, and the endless debating about what is and isn't true and what can and can't be known is a really valuable education. However, this subject matter and the nature of the film itself will not give it universal appeal. OTOH, if you've ever had any question about whether or not to report a someone for something you think they did, this might be a very important film for you to view.<br /><br />PS - My grade of a 3 reflects the film as a general film. If you're interested in the subject matter in general (doubt) or specifically (child sex abuse in the Catholic church) then it's definitely a 5.is only previous directing was \\"Joe vs. the Volcano\\".    Roger Deakins (1949) is the cinematographer for more than half of the Coen Brothers films, including \\"Fargo\\", \\"O Brother...\\", and \\"No Country...\\" He accumulated 9 Oscar nominations but no wins.    The film was nominated for 5 Oscars (Actor, Actress, Supporting Actor, Supporting Actress, Screenplay) but didn't win any. It was universally praised by critics, but did poorly at the box office, earning a half million dollars on its opening weekend despite a budget in excess of $20 million. Total domestic gross was $30+ million placing it at a rank of 1810.     The top grossing films in 2008 were \\"The Dark Knight\\", \\"Indiana Jones Crystal Skull\\", \\"Kung Fu Panda\\", \\"Hancock\\", and \\"Mamma Mia\\". The big Oscar winner was \\"Slumdog Millionaire\\" (Picture, Director, Screenplay).    There's not a lot of action in this film, and indeed there is lots and lots of dialogue, sometimes extending beyond 10 minutes. This is clearly a \\"thinking\\" person's film and it will be of interest to people who enjoy that type of film. As one of the few films to deal with the issue of child abuse in the Catholic church, it is a really important film, and the endless debating about what is and isn't true and what can and can't be known is a really valuable education. However, this subject matter and the nature of the film itself will not give it universal appeal. OTOH, if you've ever had any question about whether or not to report a someone for something you think they did, this might be a very important film for you to view.    PS - My grade of a 3 reflects the film as a general film. If you're interested in the subject matter in general (doubt) or specifically (child sex abuse in the Catholic church) then it's definitely a 5.
B0000025KI|3.0|I bought this 2 LP set the week it was released and enjoyed it a lot.  I was glad to hear a single (\\"Hungry Heart\\") and that song especially accents Bruce's amazing voice.  But even on this fine song, it becomes clear that the tempo is in a complete straitjacket.  In the book \\"The Mansion On The Hill\\" Fred Goodman makes a telling point about Jon Landau's massive influence on Bruce during this period.  They both loved 50's-style rock, and their arrangements for all of these songs were very 50's retro - and not in a good way.  The tempos in many of the songs are almost plodding, the rhythms have no ambiguity or contradictions that so many great songs have.  The arrangements are stilted despite the remarkable playing abilities of all the musicians.  The songs become boring after repeated listening.  One of the many great aspects of Bruce's live performances is the looseness and freedom that the players are given.  This ambiguity is central to emotional reaction and virtually all of Springsteen's post-1975 recordings  suffer from its absence.  Thankfully, the straitjacket comes off during live performances and the presentations are fresher.    My favorite songs from this double album are the above-mentioned single, \\"Cadillac Ranch\\", \\"Point Blank\\" and \\"Independence Day\\", the latter two written and performed during his \\"Darkness\\" tour in 1978.
B003GDFQX4|4.0|The books reputation precedes it and of course it does not disappoint. An outstanding thriller from start to finish. Great writing style and the characters have real depth. Nice twist right at the end. A little sad that the Jackal didn't succeed. He almost has you rooting for the bad guy. Nothing else to say but worth the read for sure.
0887306667|4.0|I picked this up at the local library, and will eventually get my own copy; that's what I think of it.    A wish, however, would be for the authors to update the book's examples, especially in light of some of the brand/product crashes, as well as successes.    One thing I am not quite sure on is their law against line extensions.  The argument that Coors Light will, in the long run, mean that Coors Brewing will sell less beer seems counter-intuitive.    I understand that Coors Light will siphon customers from Coors Banquet.  However, if the trend is toward \\"light\\" beer, if Coors doesn't offer something, those customers who want to switch to light beer will switch to a different brand's light beer if Coors doesn't offer something.  The inference for me is that if Coors stayed \\"Focused\\", as Ries & Trout suggest, then everyone who drinks Coors will continue to drink Coors...even those who would prefer a light beer.    So, on the surface, the Law of Line Extensions seems logical, when you look at it closely, I don't understand the \\"how?\\", given this specific scenario.    Customer wants light beer, and currently drinks Coors.  Decides to switch to light beer.  Will they switch to another brand's light beer, or continue drinking regular Coors? There is obviously a substitute product, one that is readily available.  Why wouldn't the customer switch?  Is the beer market merely shifting from regular to light beer, with the total remaining the same, or are light beer drinkers an addition to the current market?    Customer decides to switch to sugar-free peanut butter.  They currently eat Jif, which has sugar.  If Jif doesn't offer a sugar-free/reduced sugar peanut butter, is the customer likely to stay with Jif or switch brands?    In both cases, I suspect the customer would switch brands in order to obtain the healthier (in their mind) beverage/food.    Ries & Trout mention that the light beer market, at its largest, was only 31% of the market (unless I am dyslexic and misread the number).  That is a HUGE amount of money in the domestic beer market, and brewing companies would be foolish to ignore it.  Even if I misread it and it were only 13%, that's still a sizable amount of money in the grand scheme of things.    What would they lose if they \\"stayed focused\\" and followed the \\"law of sacrifice\\" instead of serving this market?    Of course, not all industries are the same, but I think there are enough exceptions that it would be interesting to read about them...however, they might disprove some of the \\"laws\\" (or show the exceptions that prove the rule)  :)
B002ZG977Y|4.0|I love adaptations of the classics in general, even when unfaithful to the original, so I'm bound to be a bit biased.  I thought the movie Troy was spectacular.  I enjoy popcorn flicks, and hardly even notice gaping plot holes (what does this say of me?), so you may wish to cast salt after my judgment. I'd heard this movie was tossed in with post-New-Year's cinema dregs, so perhaps I had low expectations.  Whatever my excuse, I thought this movie was great.<br /><br />The Good: The special effects.  I saw this movie on DVD without any invasion into more than two dimensions, and perhaps that saved it.  The monsters were convincing - horrific when they needed to be, creepy when they needed to be, and stupendous when they needed to be.  Pegasus was especially convincing, I thought, and the witches were particular creepy, even if they did escape the end of the first Halo game.  The CGI was perhaps obvious, but who cares if it serves the story well?  The action.  After Troy I could see them trying to give Perseus some special martial arts effects, but there were no affectations here.  Missing was implausible escalation (where every baddie must be just a bit more dangerous than the last, even if the baddie thrown up on the screen happens to be an accountant or crazy priest).  Missing was horror-show gore, even when they had opportunity.  A lot of great actors were thrown into this movie, too, and while they may not have turned in Oscar-caliber performances, they lent weight to the movie - they gave their roles significance.  I really liked seeing Le Chiffre pop up in this movie, and his end was classy.<br /><br />The Bad: Sam Worthington, godluvim, makes a great apple pie and ice cream American boy (I realize he's not American), but he doesn't quite carry \\"Bronze Age Hero.\\"  Especially when the actors around him are all wearing Mycenaean beards and eyeliner, they could have done something to Greek him up a bit.  Still, it wasn't a pain to watch him in the movie or anything.  The Kraken made up 90 percent of the commercials, as I recall, which is a shame, since its thunder was stolen from the film when it really needed it.  The marketing folks should have taken a page from JJ Abrams' Cloverfield.<br /><br />The Takeaway:  I don't think many people will agree with me on this review, and I'd like to hear why.  Still, I've added it to my Amazon wishlist, even when Netflix gives me little cause to own movies again.  At least give it a chance.ade up 90 percent of the commercials, as I recall, which is a shame, since its thunder was stolen from the film when it really needed it.  The marketing folks should have taken a page from JJ Abrams' Cloverfield.    The Takeaway:  I don't think many people will agree with me on this review, and I'd like to hear why.  Still, I've added it to my Amazon wishlist, even when Netflix gives me little cause to own movies again.  At least give it a chance.
B0045ODPKY|4.0|The fact that it's predictable doesn't necessarily mean it's bad or boring, just sort of lacking in surprises. Angelina Jolie plays the part of Evelyn Salt, a very remarkable super spy who's superior training enables her to either beat up or just outsmart every other spy most specifically including guys half again her size.<br /><br />If you're OK with that then you may be in for a rather fun action adventure featuring this remarkable woman. The theatrical version starts with a bang and the pace keeps going at a rapid clip for the rest of the movie. The movie appears to end with a sequel in mind; a sequel is under consideration by Sony but the jury is still out on Jolie's participation as I understand it.<br /><br />On balance the movie is entertaining but not great; if you're a fan of Jolie's you may want to add this one to your collection. If not, then watch it first to make a determination of whether or not you should own it. If you are a Jolie fan then the preferred version may be the Blu-ray Delux Unrated Edition.
B003UESJIS|5.0|This is an  intimate story of a lonely, insecure, needy woman named Mary who latches onto a friendly couple, Tom and Geri, and keeps invading their home and their lives. She even thinks she is going to be a girlfriend to their son, but that is not what happens.  As the seasons pass,  Mary continues to decline, eventually learning that she will always be the fifth wheel unless she changes her ways.    Interesting story and good acting.
0956251579|4.0|If you like psychological thriller you`ll enjoy this one a lot.  It`s a haunting story!    Imagine: You`re falling in love with a good looking,charming and charismatic man.  Everything is fine. Your live seems perfect.     Suddenly you get the feeling that things, first small things, at your home are not on their original place. Then you get the feeling beeing stalked during your hours of work and during your shopping tours. You get the feeling that your phone is eavesdropped. And the worst of all, your wonderfull dreamboat is changing as well. He starts to develope a cruel beaviour and none of your friends believe you.    And then...you´re in an nightmare....whichsoever you - somehow - survived.    You start a new existence, find a new job, a new man who support you to start a therapy to overcome your fears.    ... Until you get the feeling that HE is back....
B004OFWLO0|5.0|this latest re-release of the immortal Robert Johnson recordings is a real blessing to<br />anyone who LOVES 'da Blues as this is BY FAR the best mix of the original recordings<br />that i have owned or heard = God blest 'da Blues w/ this new 'n' improved remix !!!<br /><br />i cannot stop listening to these recordings as i now hear much more defined detail<br />in Johnson's voice, lyrics & guitar playing ... & i have been listening to these recordings<br />for over 50 years !!! it is wonder-full to have these mixes to study 'n' enjoy as they provide<br />much more intimate detail in the experience of these classic recordings.<br /><br />my sincerest thank you to whoever oversaw this remix- your technology has provided us w/<br />the best possible experience of Bobby Johnson & thereby enriched the beauty of the experience<br />'n' inspiration humanity can receive from this collection = Highly Recommended !!!
1400052181|5.0|I bought this book because of a review I read in a magazine. The reviewer was raving and I agree.  This is a truly American book and very well written. My book club has put it on its list for the next year and I am looking forward to that discussion.
B004UQPM4E|5.0|I was really excited to see the never-before-released \\"Return to Krypton\\" sequence from \\"Superman Returns,\\" but I know there are still several deleted scenes from \\"Superman: The Movie,\\" Superman II,\\" and \\"Superman III\\" which have NEVER been released anywhere that I know of. What's the reasoning behind this? In \\"The Movie,\\" from what I've heard there was a scene from a TV version where Jonathan and Martha Kent are talking in the truck about their lives right before the meteor lands. There was also an extended scene between young Clark Kent and Lana Lang with Jeff East's original voice not dubbed (this one can be seen on Youtube). In \\"Superman II,\\" there's a cut scene where the young boy from the town the villains invade jumps on a white pony and tries to escape, then General Zod said \\"I said NO ONE LEAVES!\\" and Non throws a police car siren at the boy, killing him. Part of this scene appeared in the documentary \\"You Will Believe\\" included on the set, but not all of it. There are also several other scenes that were shown in previous TV versions, such as two pilots on an airplane seeing Superman fly by. In \\"Superman III,\\" it would have been nice to include the original opening title sequence which took place in outer space (this is also viewable on Youtube). From \\"Superman Returns,\\" we're still missing the scene where young Clark discovers the crystals in the barn (a clip was seen in the trailer), Clark Kent hiding his Superman outfit in a janitor's closet at the Daily Planet, and a meeting between Perry White and Superman on the street (this was shown in a TV version). I guess we'll never be able to have any of these scenes on an actual disc to enjoy over and over again. :-(
B004UJ6YNO|3.0|I've always known Jessie J was gonna come out with something great. But I thought her album was a kind of boring and i feel like i've heard music like this before. Like early Christina Aguilera..before she got dirty. lol
B004ZH66XO|4.0|Just as I said. this is a simple ans cute game. Just what I enjoy for casual mobile games. Kind of like angry birds where you have short levels
B004VBAHG6|5.0|I was lucky enough to see Peter Murphy twice in the last few years. Once for his covers tour, and recently for a lead up to this release. I went to the first show with low expectations as to be honest, I didn't want to be in a room full of people who have only heard Cuts you Up and I also didn't want to a legend reduced to playing  in front of a crowd like that.     Thankfully I was completely blown away. The set list was amazing including covers from David Bowie, Roxy Music, Nine Inch Nails, Bauhaus, and an outstanding selection of Peter Murphy tracks. To my surprise they didn't play Cuts you Up (note: I know it's a great song, it's just not what I wanted that night and apparently neither did Peter Murphy). Fantastic performance and an amazing reenergizing of my interest in Peter Murphy.    Fast forward a few years later, I lowered my expectations once more as I didn't want to be let down with a less inspired encore performance of the amazing covers show. Once again, I was completely blown away. The band continued to come together as a powerful unit and played a truly inspired set of new tracks, old tracks, and some of the most unexpected Bauhaus covers ever including the almost 10 minute Burning from the Inside. Wow!    So here I am again today and I see that Ninth is out. My confidence is high but I'm lowering my expectations as there's no way a new studio album is going to come close to the two amazing live shows I've seen. Once again I have been too cautious and Peter Murphy has exceeded my expectations. Fantastic album and I couldn't be happier.    It's definitely more guitary and crunchy then anything since say Final Solution but that's absolutely perfect. It's the perfect album for this moment in time for me. I am extremely happy that I was able to hear many of these songs live before the studio version as to me there's nothing better then experiencing a great song live for the first time.     Do yourself a favor and pick this album up. The price is incredible. The album is extremely well sequenced and in my opinion it truly captures the decades of music that has come pouring out of Peter Murphy with a fully energized and re-vitalized band. One of my favorite purchases of the year.
B0000542D1|5.0|This was the first full-length movie made by The Beatles. Its protagonists, Ringo, John, George, & Paul, were favorably (and in my opinion, correctly) compared to Groucho, Chico, Harpo, & Zeppo. Most of it consists of The Fab Four playing some of their songs and trying to avoid their legions of female fans. Although they did the former quite well, they don't make that much of an effort at the latter!  Insofar as there's a plot to this funfest, it consists of the boys's handlers trying to make sure they get to a TV appearence on time. Will they make it? Buy the VHS or DVD and find out!
B004EJUMT2|5.0|You sure wouldn't know it from their photos but Ghost are one hell of a surprise for anybody expecting the usual macabre intestinal discomfort grunting and hammering away between two extremely noisy chords, and not even sure about those.  \\"Opus Eponymous\\" is a delight for anybody yearning for a group that can actually sing, and sing well, not to mention background vocals, keyboards and more hooks than a one armed pirate convention.<br />  The most sonic comparison that comes to mind for me is perhaps early Blue Oyster Cult, and I'll bet these anonymous demons have listened to BOC's first several studio albums a lot.  Menace with melody was the Blue Oyster Cult's calling card, and Ghost wisely continue that tradition, one hopes successfully enough to convince some of these metal acts to start singing again and playing real tunes.<br />  As far as image and presentation, Ghost make no bones about their Satanic leanings.  Whether it's just for image or they really mean it, they have really figured out how to get that darkest of messages across, with superb songwriting skills as opposed to unintelligible grunts and grinding noises backed up with those annoying blast beats.  In fact, those cliched blast beats are nowhere to be found.  Hooray!  While I'm not for censorship in any way shape or form, there will be those who will be very uncomfortable with the overt Satanic lyrical content, and for those who can't ignore the lyrics and just dig the music, Ghost isn't your band.  On the other hand, if you know a good marketing scheme when you see one and recognize one of the last rebellious areas for rock music, \\"Opus Eponymous\\" is a great debut, and I am ready for more.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This works just fine on my EVO. So many reviews talking about its slow and poor graphics, well not here. The only problem as mentioned is the screen not staying on which really isn't a problem if you are actually playing the game.
B0007N1AI6|5.0|Angel Of Retribution (2005) marked the return of Rob Halford as lead vocalist, taking the place of Ripper Owens, who, in my opinion, did a good job on Jugulator (1997) and Demolition (2001).  All the songs on this album are good.  I especially like the last track, \\"Lochness\\".<br /><br />This is heavy metal at its finest.  Rob Halford sounds as good as ever.  This dual layer CD also comes with a DVD on the flip side.  I highly recommend Angel Of Retribution.
0060922583|5.0|I became interested in this book after I began learning how to lucid dream, looking for some possible answers about it (as well as synchronicities which happens to everyone). The Holographic Universe will blow your mind. Many times throughout this book I just had to stop reading and go on a walk or something, the ideas presented are that earth shaking. I was aware of basic Quantum Mechanics before I read it, but the holographic theory allows the observational evidence to fall into place amazingly. The nonlocal characteristics of subatomic particles as well as the wave particle duality (+ wavefuntion collapse) makes sense in the context of the implicate/ explicate orders. The first two chapters introduce the idea wonderfully, the next two are about medical and psychological evidence (my interest waned here a little), but the last four chapters are incredible. It starts out with the idea of auras, or the Human Energy Field. Substantial evidence is presented that indicates that the mysterious field that surrounds our bodies is the thinking, feeling part of us. Then, the next two chapters concern how time and space are non existent in a holographic universe. Perhaps most interesting of all is the accounts of people under hypnosis who have knowledge of \\"past lives\\" and have incredible accounts of the experience in between lives (so it is also proposing the idea of reincarnation). There is way too much for me to try and write here. This book is a must read for people who are curious and open  minded.    One thing I see many people saying about this book is that it is not scientific. However, I disagree because one of the points Talbot discusses in the end is the idea of the participatory scientist. He believes that what constitutes scientific evidence should be re-evaluated. One example he gives is that most cosmologists believe that the universe began 13.7 billion years ago based on the current rate of expansion. But, a near death experience or OBE from a person is oftenentirely discounted. Both cannot be proven yet one is accepted the other is not. So I say just read this book and let the evidence speak for itself. Don't treat it like fact, just make your own informed decision about it.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This game is awesome!  It's kinda tower defense but with to many additions to gameplay to call it that.  Real fun on the evo or devices with good size screens.  Runs smooth using CM7 on evo.
0887307280|5.0|This book inspired and motivated me to look at what I do and how I've been doing it with a fresh perspective.
B003FSTN52|5.0|I've never been much of a tv watcher but this show is excellent - got started watching in middle of 2nd season and couldn't wait for each episode, even learned to use the DVR so I could record episodes and bought season 1 to catch up on what I had missed.  You won't be disappointed in season 1 - I'm ready to start watching it for the second time.
B003UESJEM|2.0|I was very disappointed in this movie. In spite of the big name stars the movie previews are actually better than the movie itself. I gave it two stars because of the actors, don't buy it. If you want to watch it out of curiosity, rent it at the video store.
B00008DDHZ|5.0|VERY GOOD!  However, if you don't understand the history of what lead up to the civil rights march that fateful day, you will not understand this movie.  If you are a Northern Ireland Historian, this is an extremely good movie.  If you are not familiar with what lead to this place in history, first research the appalling conditions that Catholic Nationalist were forced to live under, then you will understand.  In the sixties and early seventies Catholic Nationalist (a minority in the North) were treated much the same as how Black Americans were treated in the South in the 1950's.  Crushing the Civil Rights Movements, which is what happened on Bloody Sunday, gave rise to the IRA to take over the fight using violence instead of peaceful demonstrations.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|great game that runs well on the Thunderbolt. enjoyed it on my xbox 360 and now I enjoy it on the go.
1401201911|5.0|I am new to graphic novels so I don't have the history others do with superman comics, but I have read allot lately and I have to say this is one of my favorites. The negative reviews for this book really bug me... THIS IS AN ALTERNATE REALITY... don't expect  the characters to be in there normal stations and places, if you wonder \\"why is Olson CIA?\\" the whole book you are missing the point. Almost all the low rated reviews I read have an issue with \\"the history\\", \\"Stalin is too nice\\", \\"why is batman not American\\", I think they failed to miss the point. Everyone is entitled to their opinion... dans0wman has a 2 star review and seems to give the most intelligent and fair low star review I read, but he had an issue with the alternate history as well, and said it was Kind of Boring(name of review), but I read it twice in one sitting.
0865479186|5.0|This is the best kind of science writing - light, witty, conveys sophisticated concepts in plain English that makes sense to non-scientists, and exposes all sorts of nonsense thrown at us from everyone trying to take advantage of the weaknesses of our intuition about the world.
B00111YM5G|3.0|GABRIEL is a movie with a very interesting story but the lack of budget drove its makers to creativity. it was good but could have been better. it could have been a very visual experience, considering the story.<br /><br />andy whitfield gave good acting, years before his \\"spartacus\\" role.<br /><br />for a movie, it could have been trimmed to one and a half hours and the pacing could have been faster.<br /><br />all in all, it's not bad, but it is also not great. it has all the potentials, though..
B004MC8CA2|2.0|This app did not work for me because I could not get it to work offline. If I tried changing books, it wanted to download the new one from the web. I use an android tablet (MID) without 3G and just was not satisfied. The features were fine and would be a great version for my desktop.
B00457X7XQ|5.0|This was a tough book to put down between reading periods.  I have worked in IT for many years, but it spooked me at how vulnerable our society is to malicious attacks.  Overall it was a fast read, even-though it covered deeper tech and security topics.  I was sad reading the last few pages knowing the story was coming to an end.  Anyone that enjoys thrillers or is involved in security would would enjoy this book.
0446614459|4.0|I liked getting know how Sean and Michelle eneded up where they are today. As others have pointed out, the end was a little far fetched, but getting there was a fun ride.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|A perfect balance between price and performance. Easy to use flash with bounce capabilities. Your subjects can endure more shots without objection.
B002ZG98G4|2.0|A forgettable piece of fluff with Harrison Ford's dead performance making it irritating at times.  The heroine's bouncy, fakely upbeat manner is annoying.  Save me from such shallow airheads.  Definitely something I wouldn't voluntarily see again.
1591844096|1.0|\\"Organizations that are centralized, monopolistic, static, cost-sensitive, and far-flung should hire drones, as cheaply as possible\\"<br /><br />\\"Hire cheap drones that you can scale, replace and disrespect.  I have no issue with this as a business strategy. More important, if you're looking for a job, I have no idea why you'd want to work for a company like this.  Let someone else have that job. You deserve better\\". (He's talking about McDonalds)<br /><br />\\"What the boss really wants is a linchpin.  If he can't have that, he'll settle for a cheap drone.\\"<br /><br />(Speaking about day laborers) \\"(The contractor) rolls down the window and offers minimum wage.  Which is a lot for this kind of work. All the workers seem the same.  They're bundled up against the cold, and they're willing to work cheap....(the day laborer is) one of many, a fungible product, a nonchoice.\\"<br /><br />And other such fascist drivel.  Mr. Godin types people as either linchpins or you're nothing.  Linchpins are apparently so valuable, you have to pay them outrageous amounts of money.  Otherwise they might be out-bought for another organization.  If you're not valuable enough to be bought out by someone else, then you're not worth being paid at all.  You're just a conscript, a brainless factory hand.  I'm sure Mr. Godin would support paying what was given to child laborers around the turn of the century, since uneducated children could be exploited that much easier.
160094048X|3.0|For the average Vegan household, the PKK is a lifesaver.  Like their other cookbooks, this one uses easy-to-find ingredients, great photos, and simple instructions.  However, most of the cookies use WAY too much oil (the chocolate chip actually had pools of oil while baking!)  We are a very health-conscious home, so this gave us pause. We have since found other healthier vegan cookie recipes.<br /><br />Compared to their cupcake book, this one is not \\"super\\", but they taste good and are nice for a once-in-a-while treat.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|50 meters 100 meters 200 meters, down and down it goes, an indestructible unsinkable old vintage German Submarine with a group of scared sailors and officers and 101 water leaks trying to evade a German destroyer during World War II. This suspense drama \\"U-571\\" fantasy or fiction held my attention through a barrage of loud explosions and thrilling action, as the Movie acknowledges: \\"This Film is dedicated to the Bravery of Allied Sailors and Officers who risked their lives capturing enigma materials from U-Boats during the Battle of the Atlantic...\\" \\"U-571\\" is well worth the 117 minutes... \\"ALL AHEAD FULL SPEED\\"
0811876373|4.0|This book is dangerous in my home. These cake balls are probably the best thing I've ever had the joy of eating! Which is why I have hidden the book away on a shelf in an \\"out of sight, out of mind\\" attempt. Even though they took a couple hours of work, my temptation to make (and eat) more is high!    The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is the directions in the book for dipping the balls. It tells you to let them slide off your spoon. They really wanted to fight me on this and I was not getting a smooth surface. However there is a video online that showed a much better way using a stick you then push off.    I made 96 of these tasty treats for my daughter's team party of about 20 and they were gone! Nobody can eat just one. Apparently a kid and parent favorite =)
B004SBS8LA|5.0|great game. finished levels 1-15 of carnival in one day. when Is the rest of Rio Carnival going to be available?
1439102724|2.0|I have read (and own) most of Jodi's books. Altough I found \\"Sing You Home\\" to fall short of her usual works, I still appreciate her writing style and ability. Jodi is unafraid to tackle tough questions and controversial subject matter. That alone I praise her!  However, weak character development and precitable outcome in this book were disappointing. This book seemed to be unfinished and lacked depth. Also, not everyone who claims to be a Christian are as judgmental as protrayed in her book. I do not think that she was fair to many who are tolerant and accepting of others lifestyles and choices. Yes, I will still follow her and will be most interested to see what topic she uncovers next!
B00005JLRT|2.0|I understand they're looking for new concepts, but Paramount seems to have forgotten why people watched Star Trek in the first place: because it teaches us about ourselves.  All they have to do is go back to the ToS intro: &#34;These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.&#34; That statement changed as we did, growing and maturing with us. Sadly, Star Trek has stopped maturing.  Instead, Star Trek has become something darker, sinister, and violent. None of the light-hearted fun of &#34;The Trouble with Tribbles&#34;. None of the camaraderie of &#34;Amok Time&#34;. None of the Humanity of &#34;Measure of a Man&#34;. Star Trek left this behind to become more war-like. And I think that's why people stopped watching.  But there are lots of ways to bring Star Trek back. Show what life is like at Starfleet Academy. Take us through a 4 year course, following a group of people. Bring back the 5 year missions. Bring back light-colored ships and interiors. Bring back character development. Bring back light-hearted fun with crew members who care about each other while reminding us that we are Human and still have a lot to learn.  But above all, turn down the violence. We don't want Star Trek's heart cut out just so Paramount can squeeze in yet another dramatic space battle. Star Trek is supposed to be Star Trek, not Star Wars.
B000EQ47GS|5.0|This is a great CD. The songs really take me back. I received it as a requested gift. Quality is very good.
B004N8CP8K|5.0|Why pay 24 bucks for that other one on the Market when you should be getting this free.  Built into Windows for crying out loud. Works great with no problems (so far)  full screen, full control with full color.  Just like from another Windows machine.  TS connection defaults to standard RDP port 3389.  I found it's MUCH easier to exit apps like Outlook via the File&gt;Exit rather than using red 'X' in top right corner.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|Olive (Emma Stone) is living a quiet, studious life in high school that is above reproach when her sweet, vulnerable, homosexual best friend Brandon (Dan Byrd) begs her to pretend to be his \\"beard\\" so their peers will stop persecuting him. Emma can't resist helping him, and they accomplish Brandon's goal by faking noisy, obvious sex together behind a closed bedroom door at a wild teen party. The plan is so successful, Brandon can't resist telling other male social outcasts at their high school about it. They in turn beg Olive to help them in the same manner. Each time, Olive is too kind to refuse any of them. Soon she is placed in the awkward position of being cast in two contradictory, attention-getting roles in life: the secret rescuer of downtrodden boys whom she pretends to sleep with, and the girl with the unsavory reputation as the school tramp.<br /><br />Many mainstream movie reviewers have drawn comparisons between the quality of this film and the delightful re-imagining of Jane Austen's [[ASIN:0062085654 Emma]] in the form of the movie [[ASIN:B0009W5IP6 Clueless]] in terms of the quirky plot and the talent and charisma of the female stars. I agree completely that Emma Stone is wonderful, and there are plenty of other great actors doing wonderful jobs with their characters. I particularly enjoyed the extremely talented Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson as Olive's confused but affectionately supportive, \\"politically correct\\" parents. These two are a source of a lot of witty dialogue.<br /><br />I've enjoyed cute Amanda Bynes as the lead actress in other clever teen comedies, and here she does an excellent job as a holier-than-thou antagonist to poor Olive, shaming her for her seeming lack of morals. Penn Badgley, a wholesomely sexy young star from the [[ASIN:B000W6ZUUC Gossip Girl]] TV series, plays Olive's love interest and does an admirable job as a comic \\"straight man\\" in a see of wildly oddball characters.<br /><br />Even though this movie has the obligatory, semi-orgy of a teen drinking party, the humor in that scene, for once, doesn't come from drunkenness, toilet and vomit jokes. Instead it comes from the quirky setup I described above with Olive's best friend. The movie also frequently provokes laughter due to witty dialogue, relatable, sympathetic characters, and a protagonist who gets into trouble not because of teen naivete or venality, but because Olive cares very much about the underdog and is determined to help them out, even if it costs her personally. In my humble opinion, that is the best kind of protagonist there is. It makes us truly care about Olive and be completely involved emotionally with everything that happens to her.een drinking party, the humor in that scene, for once, doesn't come from drunkenness, toilet and vomit jokes. Instead it comes from the quirky setup I described above with Olive's best friend. The movie also frequently provokes laughter due to witty dialogue, relatable, sympathetic characters, and a protagonist who gets into trouble not because of teen naivete or venality, but because Olive cares very much about the underdog and is determined to help them out, even if it costs her personally. In my humble opinion, that is the best kind of protagonist there is. It makes us truly care about Olive and be completely involved emotionally with everything that happens to her.
B001TW69J4|5.0|I love AAS! i had heard their stuff a while ago, saw their show, and had to buy this album. It's Instrumental/Metal. One of the best of it's kind. if your a drummer and want a challenge to keep up with, other than Neil Pert, this drummer will blow your mind. Oh and the guitars are insane. 3 guys from DC haven't sounded so good since Bad Brains.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|Not having to connect my new Acer A500 Tablet to my PC to transfer just one fill is just fantastic.. Im even able to trasfer from my PC to the internal Micro SD Card.. And whats best about this is just how fast the inquiries to the seller and I would think writer of the program \\"Paul Dyble [pauldyble82@gmail.com]\\". I sent him a message probably around 1:00 AM eastern time on a Sunday and he returned it at 6:00 AM the same day.. Yes 5 Hours later and on a Sunday that's just fantastic.. U just cant go wrong with this.. Well worth what I paid and more..
B004SB60OC|5.0|Christina Perri's first recording is fabulous!!!! What a great new singer. Eventhough Jars of Hearts is the song that got her career started the others are just as good.  Bang bang is a great song.
B00003CXCW|5.0|I am stunned that I hadn't seen this sooner over the years! I have sure more than made up for lost time though, cause I have about worn this DVD out, LOL. This is one of the greatest films of all time.<br /><br />Billy Wilder, one of the best filmmakers ever, crafted here one of the best film noirs ever made. Filled to the brim with scathing insight into Hollywood, biting satire, sweeping dramatic arcs, and uncanny resemblance to real life, this is one blistering depiction of a by-gone era that is still as relevant today as it was upon its release in 1950.<br /><br />Gloria Swanson, a real life former silent film star, plays Norma Desmond, a former silent film star who is living solely on memories and faded dreams from the past. The industry has tossed her aside when films moved into the 'talking' era. William Holden, who in real life was a promising young actor who was on a down slope, plays a burned out promising screenwriter who is on bit of a down slope, broke, running from debt collectors, stumbling into Nora's 'world' literally. He becomes her 'writer' and lover and confidant, and eventual enemy.<br /><br />Filled with real life film stars from the period, and film director Cecil B. De Mille playing himself, this is also a scathing look at the whole inside of the Hollywood industry and the mechanisms that are within it.<br /><br />Hailed by many as a classic, and rightly so, this timeless masterpiece is ripe for discovery for any film fan out there. Brian De Palma used a set piece, the luxurious hotel, in his noir film \\"The Black Dahlia\\". Other films have paid homage to this over the years, but none can compare to this. Truly a classic for all to enjoy.<br /><br />Billy Wilder was an awesome filmmaker. He was on fire with this masterpiece!<br /><br />\\"Mr De Mille, I'm ready for my close up\\"...<br /><br />Highly recommended!<br />Thank you...;o)
B004N66XYE|3.0|It's a very good production, but I couldn't get over the fact that Downtown Abbey has the same theme and has done it much better.
B003ZSI7R2|5.0|Like many others, I discovered these guys after watching \\"Later With Jools Holland\\". I decided to take a punt and try out the CD.  It hasn't proved to be a disappointment - not a weak track on it. The incendiary \\"Blues Hand Me Down\\" and the more slow burning \\"Run Outta You\\" are like bookends to the disc, more rock oriented - Nalle pinching more than a couple of Jimmy Page guitar phrases and licks.  There are slower more soulful tracks and tracks such as \\"Still And Always Will\\" along with \\"You Better Believe It\\" which are great call and response songs at a gig.    The whole act is undeniably retro, without once having the feel of it being a pastiche. The songs are all fresh, vibrant and sounding like nobody else on the scene at the moment. They call the music Rock'n'Soul, who am I to disagree?    It is the soundtrack to a great Saturday night out at that little club down the road, where you're always guaranteed a great night out
B003L77G6A|3.0|It's a bit shocking and distasteful that they chose to go with a bukake theme for the cover image.<br />If you think I'm overreacting look at at the large version of the image.  Note the right hand of the guy on our left.  I know, he's playing air guitar.  But that right hand isn't playing any kind of air guitar I'm familiar with... it looks more like pocket pool.<br /><br />And the bent knee poses of him and the guy on our right... while the poor woman lays at their feet on a \\"water\\"proof floor and a \\"water\\"proof outfit....<br /><br />Just disgusting.... but this is not intended as a comment on the quality of the show itself!
1589949811|5.0|I received my order promptly and did not encounter any problems with the product or service.  I have not actuall played it yet but I am very anxious.
0670022411|2.0|I love stories of the supernatural, but this poorly written doorstop of a \\"novel\\" was a huge disappointment. I honestly don't understand why anyone could love it like so many here seem to. I think the reader is told \\"vampires and witches don't belong together\\" about 16,000 times. Nothing ever really happens in this book. The witches and vampires just give each other icy stares, and their hearts beat faster. There's a lot of time spent sipping tea, and \\"padding down the stairs in my socks\\" and sitting by the fire, and opening wine and talking, talking, talking, talking about events that never really happen. How about a little action? The most interesting character in the novel was the house.
B004EBUXI0|5.0|I think this is an EXCELLENT processor. I'm a computer programmer and spend many hours using computers every day, and typically build all my systems so I can choose the parts.<br /><br />This processor is FAST. VERY FAST.<br /><br />This processor is, in my opinion, THE BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK (with the exception of the \\"K\\" model if you plan to overclock).<br /><br />This processor is POWER EFFICIENT. My Linux server (which uses this processor) uses only about 46 watts at idle, and that includes 8GB of RAM, 1 Intel SSD, 1 Western Digital 500GB Black HD, 1 network card, and 5 cooling fans (including the one in the power supply and the CPU cooling fan).<br /><br />This processor is QUAD CORE (but no hyper-threading).<br /><br />This processor is LOCKED (signified by the absence of \\"K\\"). For a little more money, you can get the unlocked processor, which is definitely the one to get if you will or *THINK* you might do overclocking in the future. It's only about $15 more, but could be even less than the locked processor if you find it on sale. Some electronic B&M retailers use the i5-2500K as a \\"loss leader\\", so look for that.<br /><br />You'll need an 1155 socket motherboard to use this processor with an H67, P67, or Z68 chipset.<br /><br />Not sure what else to say except Intel has a really great product here that really isn't too expensive. I fear for AMD and hope they can come up with something that can compete well.<br /><br />One downside is the chipset problem if you don't get the Z68... the H67 (for using the internal graphics) and P67 (for overclocking) have limits that can be aggravating depending on what you want to do. The Z68 has full overclocking support for the CPU, memory and integrated graphics.<br /><br />I purchased the \\"K\\" version of this processor (even though I am not overclocking at this point) with an Intel motherboard and Intel network card, to upgrade a Linux server, and so far it is working great.
B000FC1IPO|4.0|Don't worry -- I won't give away the ending.  I will say that I loved this book.  Raved about it.  Bookmarked quote after quote.  I empathized with literally every single experience of the main character.  I felt more in touch with a heroine than I have in a long, long time.  Maybe since \\"Bridget Jones Diary\\", and even then, frankly, I just loved her but wasn't really simpatico with her.  Here, Kate Reddy is me.  Almost literally.     And that's probably why I was a teeny bit put off by the end of the book.  I won't say more because I don't want to ruin it for other readers.  And I will buy more books by this author.  I loved her insights, her humor, her gut-wrenching honesty.  I just didn't love the way she ended this amazing story.  Maybe that's because it can't be my ending?    In any case, well, well worth the read.  You will enjoy every page.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|I've used this app while traveling for work. It's nice to fall asleep with in an unfamiliar hotel. lots of sound choices and works great om Moto XOOM.
B00012FXB8|5.0|David Fincher is excellent at killing characters off. Especially the protagonists. As with his other films, Alien 3 is just as underrated. Whenever a sequel is release the average movie audience automatically feels that it should be better than it's predecessor. It's not. Alien 3 is better. Absent is the overuse of firearms because only one round is fired in the whole film. That's new. Also new is the killing off of the annoying Newt character and Hick's is easily removed. The clean slate that Fincher works is refreshing. I enjoyed the dark mood, lack of massive character development, and the straightforward approach to the Jaguar like dog Alien that kills relentlessly within the confines and maze of metal tunnels. The prison population on Fury 161 scrambling to survive and clearly not prepared to understand the Dragon that they are faced to deal with is also refreshing. The cinematography, set design, wardrobe design, the religious underpinnings, editing and sound effects are top notch. The music score is also excellent. I think this film is the best of all the Alien films. I recommend several viewings with the Close Caption feature enabled so that all of the dialog will be understood. The Skinheads In Space are an all star cast that outperformed any Oscar contender. The best part of this film is that David Fincher mocks himself by satirizing it in a scene from Fight Club. Brad Pitt's character Tyler Durden breaks into a video rental store and bulk erases all the Alien 3 copies on the shelf. Fincher has nothing to be ashamed of with this epic. Experience it, or become a traitor and go work for the \\"Company\\".
B003SWNRU2|4.0|What I'm about to write will certainly piss many Accept fans and, as a non-fan but connoisseur of the band's work, I dare voice it: Mark Tornillo is a better singer than Udo Dirkschneider will ever dream to be. Does that make this new Accept album better than the classic material recorded with the blonde dwarf? Certainly not, but I feel not agreeing on a reformation album with his former and legendary vocalist, Wolf Hoffman & co have been lucky especially when they found in TT Quick'singer an apt replacement that manages to do the \\"Udo\\" adding something extra to it.    Really, Blood of the Nations, would not have been that good with Udo on the microphone and the fact is this album surpasses everything the band has recorded after they reunited with Mr. Dirkschneider following the crap-fest Eat the Heat had been.    Blood of the Nations is a true Accept album; it has the catchy choruses, the heavy riffing, Wolf's awesome lead guitars, fast and mid-paced heavy metal songs...Nothing is missing. The compositions are fairly inspired and, though they clearly were meant to please the band's fanbase, they do not feel too artificially manufactured to me. Actually, when playing the album, I quickly forgot one of the former members was missing and enjoyed it for what it is: a good heavy metal album that doesn't try to surprise you but works pretty damn well as it is.    Sure, the world of Heavy Metal has changed a lot in the 14 years Accept has been away from it, yet, it doesn't show as the production is modern and powerful enough and the band, while remaining true to its sound, has managed to enhance it with a few new tricks such as a \\"balladey\\" feel on The Abyss or a few keyboards on Shades of Death. Add to that that Tornillo, with a wider and more melodic range than Udo, fits the bill perfectly and you have something enjoyable enough to find its place next to classic albums such as Restless and Wild, Balls to the Wall or Metal Heart.    All in all, if Blood of the Nations will not shake the foundations of Heavy Metal, I'm sure it'll please those looking for inspired traditional Metal and, though it could have been a little shorter if got rid of the 2/3 fillers featured, it remains a really good surprise and the proof that Accept can live and prosper without his emblematic frontman.
B004ZH66XO|1.0|holy crap what a terrible game. talk about trying to ride the coattails of angry birds. the leveling system is a rip off of birds. and this game is so boring.
B000EWD1KK|5.0|Great movie.  The story line was great. Danny Kaye played all his roles as if they were the only role he played in the movie.
B002VECLVO|5.0|Alright...I will admit I fell in love with Colin Firth after seeing him portray King George in \\"The King's Speech\\". I really related to that film as I too suffer from a speech impediment, and like others thought Colin's portrayal was one of the best of all-time. Looking at him, with those magnificent brown eyes and that beautiful mouth, was also not hard to do so I was ecstatic to find out that he actually played gay in \\"A Single Man\\", a little known movie in which he co-stars with powerhouse actress Julianne Moore.<br /><br /> The movie is a very dark film, taking place in the early sixties in which Colin's character is much in love with a younger man. His life is turned upside down when his lover dies in a tragic car accident. It is then he decides he wants to kill himself as he feels he cannot live any longer.<br /><br /> Simply a mesmerizing film, \\"A Single Man\\" is one of the best gay-themed films I have ever seen.
B004ZH66XO|3.0|I feel like I'm getting carpal tunnel when I play this game.  You do a lot of finger gesturing a flicking to get moving.  I've played some other \\"grow\\" types of games but my favorite so far is \\"Osmos HD\\" on the iPad.  The game itself has okay graphics and sound, but I just can't get beyond the annoying way to control moving in this game.  Even tapping would be better than the gesturing you have to do.
B004BH0GUW|5.0|I am not really an Adam Sandler fan, but I truley enjoyed \\"Big Daddy\\", a film about a young man who walks through life without any cares or responsiblities, until a young boy shows up at his apartment one day. Then, the Sandler character, in part because he wants to impress his girlfriend, decides to raise the child as his own.<br /><br /> The movie is very funny, well-written, and a joy to watch with your children. I was also impressed that the film depicts homosexuals in a very positive light and even shows two beautiful men (friends of the Sandler character) kissing, allowing young children to know that being in love with someone of the same sex is alright and not abnormal.<br /><br /> The movie comes with a slew of bonuses including a Sheryl Crow music video, HBO featurette on the making of the movie, and more.
B004GYNPL2|4.0|There seems to be another Developer (Keepass?) that is hijacking the reviews on this and, I've got to admit, it makes me not want to use them at all.  Just review the app on the merits of its capabilities, people, and don't knock an app down because it does the same thing something else does.    That said, I recommend this for a lot of the people I work with.  It blows my mind how many people have one password for everything from their domain login to bank account access.  If one sight gets hacked, these people are going to be in a lot of trouble.    This app is great because it is stored on your phone, which most people (especially myself) have everywhere and is easier to grab then information in a dropbox account.     I do think the $5 is a little steep, or at a minimum include the ability to perform a desktop sync (that costs extra).  I also wish the app would lock itself whenever you exit because if you forget to lock it and somebody steals your phone then they will have access to all your passwords... and a way to export them quickly... until you figure it out and remotely kill your phone.
B004HO6I4W|5.0|I just saw this movie yesterday, despite the bad reviews ive seen i totally loved the movie.      Goods: Amazing Animation         Great Storyline         It had wil.i.am and jamie fox in it DUH                           5hrs later...         blah blah blah                    Another 5hrs later         blah blah blah    Bads: I DIDNT WANT IT TO END :P
B003F3NDP8|4.0|The five year fast forward helped this show along as it was beginning to grow stale.  The strangler attacker, who shows up later in the season, pushes it up to an even more melodramatic level but I think it worked well enough as that's what the fans want.  The humor this year was a lot better than usual.  Favorite episode was when the Fairview Strangler's past was revealed.  As long as you go in knowing this is melodramatic (and then some) you should be fine. HUMOR: B plus; STORY/PLOTTING: B plus to A minus; CHARACTER/DIALOGUE: B plus; OVERALL GRADE: B plus; WHEN WATCHED: 2010 to yesterday.
0307716511|2.0|This is less a mystery than a wallowing in grief. I was saddened by the emotion, but found the solving of the mystery perfunctory at best. The suspects were easily disposed of, the villain rather bizarre. However, the story was well planned and well executed. This writer is worth watching.
B001AQT0OU|5.0|This film is about cinematography and lighting.  Secondarily, it's about costuming.  The images are dramatic picture postcards interspersed with Gainsborough portraits.  And they are thick with beauty.  I was drowning in some of the colors. The candlelit scenes are famous, but some of the natural light work impresses me more.  What other film has glassware on the lunch table casting serious shadows on the tablecloth from real sunlight coming in from the windows?  Barry Lyndon is full of images that I haven't seen before or since in films.  I suspect it's just too hard to pull off.  It took Kubrick's mania to make this happen, and it's consistent throughout the film.    The transfer is absolutely excellent.  What a delight, after seeing how the current owners of the Warner catalog butchered A Clockwork Orange on their pathetic Blu-ray release.    As I watched this film, it kept coming to my mind that there were no parts that required much acting.  Actors pretty much had to walk through the trite plot, given that good lines were basically absent from the entire three hours.  They were paper dolls. But the costumes were acting up a ferocious storm, as were the camera and the production design (by Ken Adam, no less).  And this was done so incredibly well that I have to give it 5 stars, despite me being a notoriously critical person.    Go for it.  You won't see this level of quality in most Blu-rays you view.
0307887960|1.0|I'd heard about this diet on a low carb forum I am on.  When I got the book I soon realized it was extremely fat-phobic!  For me, some butter or flavored EVOO gives protein some flavor and is satiating.  Also, since I cannot consume dairy at all, this was a bit of a problem for me--even though the thought of NONfat dairy is personally revolting to me.    The reviewer who said this diet made her look older probably realizes that it is because of the low fat aspect of the diet that this occurred.  We need healthy, low PUFAs in our diet.  Check out Matt Stone, Mark Sisson, or Ray Peat to see what a low-PUFA diet looks like, and start on the road to becoming much healthier!
B00540G3G6|5.0|When The Nightmare Before Christmas came out on blu-ray a few years ago, it had a beautiful transfer, great audio and a good amount of special features. It also came with a digital copy, but no dvd. Now it's being re-released in a huge combo pack: the blu-ray, 3D blu-ray, dvd AND digital copy along with a much better looking box. The blu-ray and dvd will essentially be the same as the last release, but with a little more in the extras department. Here's what they're including:    -A Special Introduction by Tim Burton  -What's This? Jack's Haunted Mansion Holiday Tour: Viewers choose the way they want to tour Disneyland's Holiday Haunted Mansion.  -Frankenweenie short film: A un-cut version of the \\"Frankenweenie\\" short with introduction by Tim Burton.  -Vincent Short Film  -Tim Burton's original NBC poem, as performed by legendary actor Christopher Lee.  -Commentary by producer and writer Tim Burton, director Henry Selick and composer Danny Elfman.  -The Making of Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas  -The Worlds of Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas (the creation of the film's richly imagined dreamscapes, including Halloween Town, Christmas Town and the Real World)  -Deleted scenes  -Storyboard to film comparison  -Original theatrical trailers and posters    I'm usually against reviewing something before it comes out, but given that I already have the blu-ray and digital copy, and the newest dvd release was pretty much the blu-ray but less pretty, it's safe to say that this set will be worth the money. I just hope that Disney Movie Rewards offers some kind of coupon for those who already own either the dvd or blu-ray and want to upgrade, like they usually do with other re-releases. Even if you don't care for 3D, this is a really good deal if you missed out on buying NBC the first time.    ...especially since the digital copy code in the last release expired a while ago.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Plants Vs Zombies is what all the other clones on the market aim to be. Worth the money. Works great on HTC Incredible. Acer Iconia A500. Asus Transformer. Samsung Tab 10.1.   Will not work on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus. not sure if its because its the device or its Ice Cream Sand which so be aware of that.
0321647440|4.0|This book is the one the Apple employees learn Aperture with.  It was easy to follow and gave me the answers I needed to conquer Aperture.  Unfortunately unless you are pretty familiar with the program, I imagine it would be difficult to follow. That's probably the case with any of the  Aperture lesson books though. Considering everything I think this is a good choice.
B004QBWU02|5.0|I have always loved American Graffiti and this DVD is amazing, though it could use a little more special features the picture and the commentary make up for it. I'm glad Lucas didn't make some of the scenes CGI ;).    If you own a Blu-Ray player I reccomend picking up this classic on Blu-Ray, and for those of you that don't own one (me) , pick up this special edition on DVD, it was worth every penny!!
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I got these delivered this weekend. I've not tried them out playing games but I watched a movie on my PS3 and was very impressed with the sound quality. There is so much sound detail that was missing on the regular speakers that was heard using the headsets. People breathing, footsteps, background envrironment sounds were all clear.  They are very light and very comfortable to wear. I didn't wear them for the whole movie but I didn't feel any discomfort on my ears (I wear glasses)    I'll be trying these on COD Black Ops soon. I'm very hopeful about the benefits to the game they will bing. I'll report more later.
B0011XBLUS|4.0|I find \\"A Fistful Of Dollars\\" and \\"For A Few Dollars More\\" better, but this one is still good.    Eli Wallach, Clint Eastwood and Lee Van Cleef do an amazing job playing these characters.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Great game but playing for any length of time eats juice like no other app I have ever installed on Droid X.
B002IVLWI8|3.0|This Sundazed version starts off really soft. I had to crank the volume to higher that usual levels to listen. And then as you get to track 2.5, the sound level increases. It's the same for side B. Overall sound is a bit muffled and there was noticeable crackling on the right channel. I was hoping for better clarity as claimed by the manufacturers. But the manufacturers also claim that the sound is true to the original pressing. I've not hear the original 1970 version, so I can't tell if this is how it was meant to sound in the first place. Great songs though.
B004ZH66XO|4.0|Although this game totally copies Flow from the PSN for PS3 and PSP in regards to gameplay, its different because it has an upgrade system.  Its still a lot of fun and because its much more colorful, even my daughter enjoys it.<br /><br />The UI has been ripped straight from Angry Birds too.  Only the upgrade system is unique to this title.  Every other aspect is from more popular games, flattery or forgery?  You be the judge.
B003UESJIS|4.0|It is not very often that we have the opportunity to view a film about real people. People with flaws, people who are not movie star handsome, people we know, like our neighbors, our inlaws, our children. Mike Leigh has written and directed this superb film about these people.<br /><br />Tom, played by Jim Broadbent, and Gerry, played by Ruth Sheen live in North London. They have been married for years, happily married, even. They have a son, Joe, played by oliver Maltman, who loves his parents and seems to be a perfectly normal young man. He is looking for a soulmate and feels the pressure from his parents, at times. Gerry is a therapist. For thirty years she has worked with Mary, superbly played by Lesley Manville, a secretary who has porblems. She wants the perfect man who will never be available, and she drinks too much to get her through her day. She has glammed on to Tom and Gerry. Their home is a warm, inviting place, and they are not judgemental. After a perfectly hideous evening of too much drinking and obvious jealousy of Joe's new girlfriend, Tom says of Mary, \\"It's Sad\\" That really says it all. A family funeral portrays a funeral like no other, but does point out the foibles we see in other families, and sometimes our own.  All this time, going home to Tom and Gerry's is the best place to be. Tom and Gerry love their friends and family and support them, through thick and thin. We see much of the thin in this film, but that is real life.<br /><br />Mike Leigh has given us a film where we feel embarrassment, amusement and sadness. This is real life, folks. We all know folks like this and maybe it is us. We are peeking into the lives of people who have foibles and we can learn from their predicaments, and from the manner that Tom and Gerry deal with life and with these folks they welcome into their lives. This is a film that gave me a sense of joy, that good folks like Tom and Gerry abound. Life is not all about the beautiful people making too much money and getting into too much trouble. We are, after all, all too human.<br /><br />Highly Recommended. prisrob 06-12-11<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00274O88W High Hopes]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001N26GFC Happy-Go-Lucky]]too much trouble. We are, after all, all too human.    Highly Recommended. prisrob 06-12-11    [[ASIN:B00274O88W High Hopes]]    [[ASIN:B001N26GFC Happy-Go-Lucky]]
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele really delivers on this cd. Her smoky, seductive voice, combined with sophisticated production makes this recording so powerful. I've listened to it many times  while working out and haven't grown tired of it. Each track has a different sound, but they all segue nicely one to the next.
0345529057|2.0|I am the Lorax, I speak for the quality cardboard box.    These four novels are housed in the shoddiest cardboard box I've seen.  In all honesty, my cereal box has a more durable construction.  This thin cardboard, folded in a box shape, will not support any weight, without the books inside to support it. The nature of the folds leave the edges exposed on the interior of the box, which means two years from now when you pull that book out, there will be a nice indent on the cover from this box flap.    You know how old you feel when you take the time to rant about how cardboard boxes are shoddier than when you were seven and used your box sets as building blocks?    This isn't a box set, it's just the four novels sold together.    Oh and one of my books came an entire eighth of an inch shallower, no big deal, if they'd been sold separately, but when touted as being a \\"box set?\\"      So avoid this packaging. They're not selling you a box set.
0312117337|4.0|I am just learning to read tarot this year (2011).  I have been doing intuitve readings for others for almost 10 years without Tarot.  Compared to traditional tarot, these cards offer interesting perceptions on the suits.  The translations are easy to understand and seem to follow \\"Zen\\" philosophy.  I only gave the cards 4 stars because they can be confusing with the tarot, since the suits don't match, but that is most likely due to my \\"newbie\\" status.  I also ordered Waite's traditional \\"radiant\\" deck to help me learn the basics.  I will probably go back to this deck when I am more confident.  I did find the Osho deck helpful for personal readings, just slower since I had to keep referring to the book for myself to cross-reference if I was working with emotions, actions, etc.  Again, a learning curve which might be less for those more experienced.
B004EI2NM2|4.0|Just wanted to mention one thing. At the end of the movie, when Dasha runs to Alba, some thought she did it because she could not stand to be a part from her. That is wrong. If you remember, a few times in the movie, Alba said how wonderfully long Dasha's legs were, and she would love to see her running. She ran in the end, to show her love for her friend, not to join her.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|Absolutey brilliant !  The costumes, the scenery, the acting, the drama - is all totally addictive.  I have to keep reminding myself that this all really happened - seems like fiction but it's not (well, close enough to the truth - some poetic license has been used here and there).  I recommend it to everyone and after I finish each disc, it goes out on a round robin to all my friends - who are similarly addicted.  Super entertaining and educational, all at the same time.
B004047XXO|2.0|Good movie but do NOT pay for the 3D version -- it is NOT 3D -- fake 3d with red/green glasses.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|It´s really a very good item. My first impression was that it was bigger than I was expecting. Well, no problem for that, as I now plan to make space for my netbook, my dslr camera and a couple of lenses inside it.  The most important lacking matter for me is that it is not possible to use a padlock with this backpack. Remember that some expensive articles will be inside it, and a little bit of caution is not a bad idea.
B004EPYZOO|1.0|When I first saw the trailer for Drive Angry, I thought it might be a pretty awesome action movie. But when I saw it blew my mind for the wrong reasons. The polt was realatively weak, acting wasn't all that terrific, horrible dialogue, and too much sex for my own taste. It started off bad and got progessively worse as it got along. This movie was a waste of my time and money.
3836527286|5.0|I am surprised another book has come out of Linda McCartney's photos because of all the other books that Linda released when she was alive.  There are several pictures in this book that have been released in those other books, but if you don't have many of them then this will be a nice book to have.  This is an expensive book so see if you can find it through amazon.  You should be able to get if for somewhere close to 40% off.  With all the pictures Linda has taken over 40 years it would have been nice to get other pictures that haven't been released before, but this is a great book by a great photographer.  Thank you Sir Paul for allowing this book to be released.
1433524708|5.0|Small print but great detail in the diagrams and maps. Good personal size for a study bible. Very elegant cover with  a nice soft feel. Just what I  was looking for.
B004VUP8WK|5.0|Illud Divinum Insanus is powerful, modern, brilliant. Death metal songs are solid and catchy (they still play better than 95% of the bands) and industrial tracks are absolutely brilliant! If you'll listen to IDI without prejudice, will see a black tide wash you away!
0307386171|5.0|At every wedding, I think of the characters in this book.  This is such a powerful and heartbreaking work about a time and a place so different from our own .. and yet also quite similar.
B004X904JQ|5.0|Illud Divinum Insanus is powerful, modern, brilliant. Death metal songs are solid and catchy (they still play better than 95% of the bands) and industrial tracks are absolutely bright. If you'll listen to IDI without prejudice, you will see a black tide wash you away!
0812977246|5.0|Smith's first Renko book is awesome and marks the way in which other great crime novels followed. The fact that the chief homicide detective has to battle the KGB, FBI, and the NYC police is not uncommon to what Harry Bosch, Lucas Davenport, and others have to face.
159308322X|5.0|This is a classic novel which T.S. Elliot called the greatest detective novel ever written. I can't go that far but it is in the running. Wilkie Collins is a writer who has been forgotten by the mainstream who is in dear need of a revival. This book and Woman in White are great examples of Victorian Literature. The characters are great and the mystery is intense with exquisite prose. If you love the detective stories of Arthur Conan Doyle or Agatha Christie then pick this one up.
1401225756|5.0|This may be one of the most interesting, creative, explosive, works I have ever encountered.  Nearly every aspect of this volume is perfect -- from the storyline, which remains fresh after 20+ years, to the illustration work.  This has stood the test of time better than many of its peers and Gaiman should be commended for tackling it and presenting it to his readers.  Dream a dream for me ...
B00514HDNW|5.0|I am Legend is a classic horror/sci-fi novel that has been adapted three times and each missed the greatness of the novel. The concepts and characterizations used in this book are rarely seen in other vampire books. Robert Neville must survive in a world taken over by vampires. During the day he hunts the monsters while at night resting and studying the origins and weaknesses of the vampire plague. It is tightly plotted and well thought out. The reader empathizes with Neville and he acts like a real person in horrible circumstances.The ending is an shocking twist that will make you rethink the entire book you just read. Matheson is a master of science fiction who is not read nearly enough.
0446401307|1.0|I am a huge fan of all of Connelly's books, but this one feels a bit rushed and is not one of the best in the Harry Bosch series.
0756405890|5.0|The only problem with this book is that after you have read it you just cannot find something that can compare. This is a masterpiece in high fantasy. Unlike so many books of late, this is not predictable, it keeps you turning the pages until the wee hours of the night, even if you must be up early. I will not be giving any spoilers, so no need to fear. This book has everything a book of fantasy should have, a hero with faults that must grow and develop, who makes mistakes but is someone you feel so intently you walk around all day wonder about his fate. It as plenty of unique supporting characters who are all real and intricate. This story pushes you to all emotions. If you are looking for adventure, a quest, magic, friendship, and love well then buy this book and get to reading.
1401300529|4.0|There probably is no better book on the Korean War than this one. This is a terrific achievement and it really brings the history home for those without a solid background on the conflict.
0439023521|5.0|I purchased \\"The Hunger Games\\" due to a friend's obsession, and in anticipation of the upcoming film.  I had to thank my friend the instant I finished the book (which happened to be the same day I started the book, because I couldn't put it down).    As is noted in the other reviews, \\"The Hunger Games\\" paints an interesting picture of a futuristic society where Katniss volunteers to take her little sister, Prim's, place in The Hunger Games, an annual battle-to-the-death amongst the two teenage representatives, one male and one female, from each of the 12 \\"districts\\" throughout this futuristic North America.    It's just a great thriller with some horror and some apocalyptic elements.  Katniss is also a strong character, and she is definitely one to root for despite some standoffish behaviors.    The book moves so quickly and it is hard to put the book down.  Great for a weekend read!  Can't wait to read \\"Catching Fire\\". (Oh, yes, this is book one in a trilogy, but thankfully they are all available!)
0452286751|4.0|Those who have characterized this book objectively over the years are spot on. The storyline is wonderful because of its intellectual intensity and the moral questions it raises. In terms of character development and plot development, it lacks in many areas. Overall, it remains a must read even if it is not a perfect book.
0385340540|3.0|The book starts good.  Then once Backman is in Italy, the story gets dragged for ever..  The last hundred pages became very interesting and made me not put the book down before I complete...
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Great game. Works on Evo Shift perfect. Very addictive and a great time waster. I recommend to anyone. Get it now.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|Some kids in a small Ohio town are filming a movie when they witness a train crash. Mysterious things begin to happen around town and the kids are right in the middle of all the occurrences. This is a very exciting science fiction drama that is sort of a cross between E.T. and Close Encounters. The acting, the visuals and the sound effects here are all top notch, and there is constant excitement throughout. The movie can be a little intense at times, so it may not be for children. If you are looking for pure escapism, and a movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat, this is the one.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|I love this book. It's got suspense, love, and everything you would expect from a Nicholas Sparks book. I have read all of Sparks' books and have seen all the movies that have been made from his books and they are all great. The books are always better than the movies, of course, but I hope this makes it to movie also, because it had it all. I couldn't put it down. I can't wait for his next one to come out. He just can't get them out fast enough. I read this in one night.
B00192IV9U|5.0|I love this album. He really was the best and this album proves it. I'm surprized it got negative reviews because I really liked it. He was a true artist and was loved all over the world.
0060763280|2.0|I have a library of \\"self help\\" books that I have read through the years, and this is one that you can pass on. The author simply makes very obvious statements, inter dispersed with regurgitation of what is contained in virtually any self improvement text. A very forgettable book.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|1 problem i have beat the game twice now and have had all my progres wiped only to start all over again.  every thing gone! sucks when im trying to get all the achievments.
B000B589JI|5.0|Nicely built, seals tight, haven't had the leakage issues I feared, and now I have a refill when I need it... The all-metal construction seems nice and sturdy. Would buy it again...
B003EYVXSW|5.0|I absolutely loved this film.  Admittedly, it's not for everyone.  However, if you're looking for something interesting, strange, and weird, you may really dig this movie.  You won't find another wide-release like this.
B0046IGOIO|5.0|If you are like me and you have been collecting Doors live gig recordings for over 30 years, you too might think you already have this, or have already heard it. Right? Wrong! Big time. This is a complete recording, including every song performed as well as the time spaces between each track, with chat and commenting back and forth between the stage and Morrison. Just AMAZING. You have to get this one.   This is the closest thing we have to a time machine, put on your headphones and you will be there, in Vancouver, listening to the best live band of all time, jamming with no less than Albert King!   The Doors Rocked, King added to their subtle ambience, and you will feel like you have just experienced the best concert of that time.   You can't ask for better. These guys really gave it all to you, they put everything they had into the concert.   My thanks to the editor who had an obviously minimalist approach to this recording. This is what we want, to visit that event, to be there. No cuts. Excellent.     George S.  Australia.
0316098329|4.0|If we hadn't heard of the Jaycee Dugard case, we would have said this could never happen! Good suspense build-up. Once I get caught up in the drama, I couldn't put the book down!
B0042KZJ46|5.0|Given the number of Bob Marley live album already officially released, the question is whether this live set is really worth it (and worth your purchase). The occasion of this live release is that it is the last concert ever from Bob Marley, recorded on September 23, 1980 in Pittsburgh.<br /><br />\\"Live Forever\\" (2 CDs; 20 tracks; 91 min.) kicks off (after the usual \\"Greetings!\\" opening from Bob Marley to the public) with a strong \\"Natural Mystic\\" and off we are to the races. \\"Positive Vibration\\", \\"Burnin' Lootin'\\", and \\"Them Belly Full\\" follow and each of them is one better than the other. The band is playing very tight throughout this set (they had been touring around the world for most of the year in support of the new \\"Uprising\\" album). Track 8 is \\"Zimbabwe\\" (from the \\"Survival\\" album) and I wonder what Bob Marley would think about this song, if he were alive today, given that Zimbabwe's President/dictator Robert Mugabe has been terrorizing Zimbabwe's population for 30 years, and sadly I'm sure it was not the liberation that Marley was describing or had in mind in this song. Nevertheless, a great tune, here also in its live version. \\"Zion Train\\" is one of the 5 tracks on here from \\"Uprising\\", features a shredding electric guitar, also found on several other tracks, showing the band evolving. CD2 is heavy on the new songs, including \\"Redemption Song\\", \\"Could You Be Loved\\", \\"Coming In From the Cold\\" and \\"Work\\", all from \\"Uprising\\". It's one of the reasons that this live set deserves to be released, as it brings a bunch of more recent songs not easily found on any other live Marley album. As others have already noted, the sound quality drops dramatically for the last 2 tracks \\"Work\\" and \\"Get Up Stand Up\\", due to the soundboard tape running out. But in the end it's a minor quibble.<br /><br />I had a chance to go see Bob Marley only a few months earlier in June, 1980, when his European tour made a stop in Brussels, Belgium (where I grew up). However, against all expectations, Belgium reached the finals of the European soccer Championship, and the final (against Germany) was the very same evening as Bob Marley's show. My friends and I debated our choices but figured \\"Belgium will probably never again reach such a final, and we'll have other chances to see Bob Marley live\\", so we watched the soccer game (Belgium lost 2-1). Now 30+ years later, Belgium indeed has never reached another final at the European or World Cup finals, but nobody could've known that Bob Marley would pass away less than a year later due to cancer. What a sad and untimely demise. Meanwhile, Bob Marley went out on top, as this lve CD cearly shows. Highly recommended!um reached the finals of the European soccer Championship, and the final (against Germany) was the very same evening as Bob Marley's show. My friends and I debated our choices but figured \\"Belgium will probably never again reach such a final, and we'll have other chances to see Bob Marley live\\", so we watched the soccer game (Belgium lost 2-1). Now 30+ years later, Belgium indeed has never reached another final at the European or World Cup finals, but nobody could've known that Bob Marley would pass away less than a year later due to cancer. What a sad and untimely demise. Meanwhile, Bob Marley went out on top, as this lve CD cearly shows. Highly recommended!
B004ZH66XO|3.0|I dont know if I'm missing where it is, but this app does not seem to have an exit feature. I have to go and kill it in my task manager each time.
B004KAB4I8|5.0|A lively, charming book full of tips on drawing dragons and other fantastic creatures.  I tend to be cool towards how-to-draw books, but I love this one.  It goes beyond the usual tips of drawing frameworks and circles to offer specific details on such things as drawing scales, and different types of draconic heads or feet.  The writing is also engaging and humorous. Highly recommended!
B002ZG9788|5.0|I've seen a lot of bad reviews of the movie but after watching it myself with a low expectation it turned out to not be as awful as I've read.  If you're expecting a great story telling live action remake of the previous 80's version than yes there is going to be some disappointment but if you keep the feeling of expectation to a middle than you'll be more entertained than you'd expect.  Unlike the 80's version this one gives more storyplots with the gods side than the previous one did especially with the sibling rivalry between Hades and Zeus about the fate of humanity and the gods role in it,  also while the new actor who plays Perseus isn't bad personally I preferred Harry Hamlin for the role but that is again because I grew up from watching the 80's version multiple times.  The CGI effects were good not spectacular but still pretty good especially for the new variation of the Kraken.  So if you already have the 80's movie of this and for the price it's going for now I say just add this one to your movie collection you'll not be disappointed....
B00009ATIX|5.0|If I had to pack-up a few pieces of Art and launch them into the Cosmos just before the Sun consumes the planet, this picture would be included.  It took a few viewings for me to appreciate its deeper and more subtle beauty.  However, unlike some other reviewers, I was intrigued from beginning to end the first time I saw it.  If you like a precise script and really good acting, you'll enjoy Solaris.    By the way, this is not really a sci-fi movie; I would classify it as a tragic love story with a wonderously redemptive ending.
B004ZH66XO|4.0|I am enjoying playing this game and it is very cute. It is a very good time sink getting your fishey to eat in this food chain. The controls are the only downfall, but the fishey is too addicting to give up.
B0052BZ6X8|3.0|I liked the movie, but they could have done so much more with it. On a scale of 1 to 10 where 1 is totally unpredictable and 10 is \\"seen it\\", I would give this movie an 8...Leaning towards 9..Personally I am not going to purchase the disk, but it is fun to watch if you just want some brain candy.
B000FVQLRA|5.0|It is indeed. I remember seeing Adrian Brody at the Oscars ceremony, all smiles and giving Halle Berry a tremendous kiss, I couldn't believe it was the same man who I had seen in 'The Pianist' as that luckless yet blessed Wladyslaw Szpilman. Apart from [[ASIN:B00012QM8G Schindler's List]] and [[ASIN:B00005B6OY Nuremberg]], I find it difficult to think of another movie which conveys the horrors of Nazi Germany and the Holocaust with such almost nauseating vividness    The movie is visual tour de force without a single weak point: from the cast to the soundtrack, from the costumes to the sets, it is well-nigh perfect. The acting is downright fabulous: from Adrian Brody in the title role all the way to the end, where Thomas Kretschman makes one of the most memorable examples of the MBE (Marlon Brando Effect). He appears for some 15 or 20 minutes in the end (like Marlon Brando in 'Apocalypse Now', hence the name) and almost steals the show from Adrian Brody; quite an achievement considering the fact that Adrian occupies the screen most of the movie. Only later did I get the word game during their last encounter:    Captain Wilm Hosenfeld: What is your name? So I can listen for you.   Wladyslaw Szpilman: My name is Szpilman.   Captain Wilm Hosenfeld: Spielmann? That is a good name, for a pianist.   [Sounds better in German, though.]    The only thing that bothers me is the relentless showing of sadistic cruelty and unimaginable violence. Almost the whole two and half hours consists of that, actually. Now, of course, this is basic message and as far as Roman Polanski remains in accord with the historical truth, he is fully justified in showing as graphically as he can what must never happen again. How much the movie deviates from the history, if at all, I do not presume to know. What I do know is that some scenes and pictures from 'The Pianist' I am still not able to forget and probably never will. To name but one example, towards the end Szpielman, while trying to escapebeing burned alive, gets over a wall behind which a street in ruins, an absolutely surreal landscape of devastation, is suddenly shown - and never forgotten.    My other problem with this movie, a small but important one, is the heavily abridged version of Chopin's Ballade No. 1 in that unforgettable scene when Wladek was caught by the Nazi captain. The movie is certainly long enough to bear few minutes more, especially when these are concerned with one of Chopin's finest works and such poignant and haunting images like the ruined Warsaw. At least the Polonaise Brilliante in the end is quite complete and it makes by far the greatest end credits I can imagine.    Minor quibbles, of course. 'The Pianist' remains one of the most difficult movies to watch as well as one those most worth watching.
B004EPYZOY|5.0|Oh this was such a fun movie to watch. I admit I am a Nicholas Cage fan, but I actually enjoyed the supporting actors much more than Cages roll. Just wish I could remember the actors name that played the \\"bookkeeper\\". I think he actually made the whole movie so much fun to watch. I give it 2 thumbs up and hope you enjoy this movie as much as I did.
0792165020|5.0|For those who wonder about the second movie, this is the original title of this one:[[ASIN:B00005JKSO Purple Noon]], starring Alain Delon as Tom Ripley and released a good many years ago - just a few years after novel itself, in fact.    Warning: lots of spoilers below. Do not read unless you're familiar in detail with the book and the two movies mentioned above.    Broadly and very roughly speaking, ludicrous as this may sound, it seems to me that Anthony Minghella's version is slightly closer to the book in terms of minor plot details, whereas Rene Clement's adaptation is much truer in terms of characters. But this is surely an oversimplification, for both movies could hardly have been more different; apart from the names of the main characters, I think all scenes they share are the two murders and Tom's having fun with Dickie's clothes in his room and in front of his mirror, and even here there are many small differences. Curiously, in both cases the director is also the author of the screenplay, though Rene Clement is actually a co-screenwriter. This is all for the better: adaptation of a novel for the screen is largely a matter of personal vision, and so is the final movie: if, then, the director and the screenwriter are the same man, or at least different sides of one man, we may expect an excellent collaboration between them.    I have to admit that Minghella's The Talented Mr Ripley has been growing on me recently. The first time I saw it, a good many years ago, I didn't like it at all. Later I was swept off my feet by Plein Soleil and I still think it is by far the better movie, but now I also have a great deal of admiration for Minghella's adaptation. I still don't like Matt Damon's horse face and I still think he is by way of being a miscast, but his performance is not without merit either. He has some haunting lines which he delivers in a memorable way:    'If I could just go back... if I could rub everything out... starting with myself.'     'I always thought it'd be better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.'     Don't you just take the past and put it in a room in a basement and lock the door and never go in there? That's what I do. [...] And then you meet someone special and all you want to do is to toss them the key and say; open up, step inside, but you can't, because it's dark, There's demons and if anybody saw how ugly it is. I keep wanting to do that, fling the door open just let light in and clean everything out.    Well, whatever you do, however terrible, however hurtful, it all makes sense, doesn't it, in your head. You never meet anybody that thinks they're a bad person.     Stirring lines. I don't remember any of them in the novel, so I guess Anthony Minghella should be given credit for them. And not a negligible one too. His adaptation also has few additional original touches that are delightful. The passion for music - jazz for Dickie, classical for Tom - is ever more convincing than the original painting in the novel. The scene in the opera house is one of the most dramatic and brilliantly done in the whole movie; the exceprt from Tchaikovsky's Evgeny Onegin is beautifully staged and deeply moving. Minghella also makes an excellent use of the rather sketchy in the novel Peter Smith-Kingsley and introduces Meredith who seems to be a completely original character but fits into the action to perfection. So is the episode with Silvana.    The fascinating thing about Minghella's version is that the character of Tom Ripley which Matt Damon has to recreate in the movie is vastly different than the one in the novel. He is certainly not the cold-blooded murderer calculating everything with frightening calmness; indeed the killing of Dickie is almost an accident, a kind of self-defence. This Tom Ripley is much more vulnerable and sensitive creature than the one in Patricia's book. He manages adroitly the deceiving game and he kills swiftly when he has to, as in the case of Freddie Miles, but he still seems to me a rather pathetic creature much more worthy of sympathy than of fear. The only drawback to the character as far as I am concerned are the hints about homosexuality. It is very briefly mentioned in the novel and it is entirely missing from Clement's version. Rightly so, since the sexual orientation has nothing to do with the most fascinating sides of Tom Ripley's character. Homosexual or not, such elements make him more human and thus more believable, perhaps, but certainly less compelling.    The endings of both movies are hugely different, yet both are in their own way chilling. The Talented Mr Ripley finishes with Murder No. 3, conveyed only by sound, and an ingenious shot showing the transformation of Matt Damon's profile from brightly lit to pitch dark and then closing a door until the whole screen turns black, certainly a stroke of genius on Minghella's side. The murderer gets away but I can't help feeling sorry for him. How long can he go on like this, knowing not who he really is, constantly threatened by the circumstances, with wrecked nerves and full of paranoid obsessions? Is the price too high for him? Will he get away next time? Is it worth it? Difficult questions.    By contrast, in the end of Plein Soleil Tom Ripley is caught by the police. This ending has been much disparaged, including by Patricia herself, as unnecessarily changed to satisfy the popular taste that the criminal must be punished and all that sort of thing. I don't see it that way. To begin with, Rene Clement's stratagem to get Tom caught and his directing the scene are nothing short of perfect. Who would have thought that, having apparently won everything, Tom would fall in the hands of police because of such tiny detail? The scene of his arrest is carefully prepared but the arrest itself is completely missing, substituted by a lovely picture of beach and sea. The sun is shining brightly but you feel cold inside - by ''you'' I mean of course I.     Now Tom Ripley in Plein Soleil is the Tom Ripley from The Talented Mr Ripley by Patricia Highsmith, only considerably simplified for the screen of course. He doesn't kill Dickie almost by accident but after serious contemplation and with stunning decisiveness. It is not for nothing that the weapon is changed here - it is indeed a weapon, a big knife, instead of the oar used in the other movie and in the book as well. The performance of Alain Delon, absurdly young and even more absurdly beautiful at the time, is superb at all fronts, infinitely superior to anything Matt Damon is capable of; but, then again, as mentioned earlier, the latter has quite another fish to fry. But Delon conveys the ruthlessness and the especially the charm of Tom Ripley in a way that may well freeze one's blood. Pity that his amazing beauty often leads to gross underestimation of his acting skills, which are considerable indeed. Some of the most unforgettable scenes are Tom's training Dickie's signature or forging his passport and their conversations on the yacht immediately before the murder: all these plot details are strokes of genius, superbly acted and perceptively directed. Moreover such nuances add verisimilitude that is missing in Minghella's adaptation or Patricia's original; the presumption that Tom and Dickie are so much alike that one can use the passport of the other, even under the scrutiny of a police officer, is a trifle too fanciful to be believed by the demanding reader.     The main advantages of Minghella's movie are his absolutely gorgeous sets, both in San Remo and Rome (the former omitted in Clement's version) and especially the marvellous supporting cast. Gwyneth Paltrow is fine as the vacuous Marge, the looks she shots Tom when she realises the truth are unforgettable, and Jude Law gives a powerful performance as the flippant and gay Dickie Greenleaf, though his character is perhaps a trifle overdone in this respect. Philip Seymour Hoffman as the vulgar and bumptious Freddie Miles, Cate Blanchett as the silly, pretty and mentally unstable Meredith, and Jack Davenport as the handsome, homosexual and charming Peter Smith-Kingsley are all excellent; interestingly, the last two characters are missing from the other movie (and Meredith is missing from the book, for that matter). The only slight disappointment is James Rebhorn as Dickie's father and Philip Baker Hall as the detective, again both largely missing from Clement's version. Perhaps the most serious flaw in Minghella's screenplay (as well as in the book's plot) is indeed the episode with the detective. It is difficult to believe that such a smart guy, who has discovered so much from scratch, should really fail to see and find proof that it was exactly Tom Ripley who killed both Dickie Greenleaf and Freddie Miles (in defence of the book, the detective there strikes Tom as only ''moderately bright'', which he apparently is). But the sets are truly incomparable! The glittering glamour and the dolce vita that American expatriates led in Italy from the 1950s are captured to perfection.    This is what Plein Soleil most painfully misses: visual glamour. Not only is the San Remo episode skipped, but the sets in Rome and Naples are as drab as anything and the camera work is rather poor most of the time; perhaps one is unwise to expect more from a French movie released in 1960; those shaking shots of yacht scenes are vividly realistic, to be sure, but the Rome philandering of Tom and Dickie (here called Philip) are rather amateurishly done. That said, the only real disappointment among the cast is Billy Kearns as Freddie Miles; he is sufficiently arrogant, but not quite as tasteless as this particular Princeton graduate is expected to be. Marie Laforet is an excellent Marge - common and cute - and her quarrel with Philip makes his disappearance later much more plausible; the change of heart that Minghella and Highsmith try to make us believe Tom would use just does not carry conviction. After Alain Delon'smagnificent performance, my personal Oscar for best actor goes to Maurice Ronet who is an outstanding Philip Greenleaf, way superior to Jude Law and indeed much more suitably presented in the screenplay, not as somebody determined not to go back, but as an eternally vacillating fellow not quite serious enough to make up his own mind, perhaps unconsciously seduced by the easy life in Southern Italy.     The only drawbacks in Clement's screenplay is the populist attraction of Tom to Marge: it has the same detrimental effect as the homosexuality in the Minghella's movie. It is entirely out of character, indeed it detracts from the character, and is rightly never mentioned in the book; Minghella's version makes only one short and insignificant mention of it (in that great scene when Tom was about to cut Marge's throat). Apart from that, it would perhaps have been nice if the first part of the movie - until the first murder - had been extended a little bit more, especially considering the great performance of Maurice Ronet.    At any rate, the two movies are so vastly different that both are well worth watching. Though they, I suspect, can make the book less compelling than it might otherwise be, Patricia Highsmith's novel remains a very enjoyable read. Despite occasional tedium and clumsiness, it has at least two major advantages over either of the movies: it gives a way deeper and more amazing insight into Tom Ripley's confused yet fascinating mind; and the plot is a great deal more complicated and suspenseful.
B0052OWGUQ|5.0|Anyone old enough to remember the Charles Bronson take on this movie will totally love this movie. All the other 99% of the population will probably like it also. I am a Jason Stathem fan and this movie was all the action and surprises you come to expect from his movies. I give it 2 thumbs up.
B00001PE4D|5.0|This movie has the misfortune to remind one - or at least me - of the previous attempt to film the same story - [[ASIN:6304696515 Dangerous Liaisons]] - and it is clear that Sarah Michelle Gelar and Ryan Phillippe are not in the same league as Glenn Close and John Malkovich.     Then again, the comparison in this particular case is pretty pointless. The two movies share some names and many plot details, but they could hardly have been more different. Indeed, the the basic plot does seem much more suitable to a teen comedy ('Cruel Intentions') than to a film noir set in, of all places, eighteenth-century France ('Dangerous Liaisons'). As a matter of fact, 'Cruel Intentions' deserves three stars only because of the cleverness with which the original story was adapted to modern times and high-school mentality.    Speaking of 'Cruel Intentions' alone, the movie is more than teenage dirty talk and flippant sexual intrigues - neither of which contains anything shocking for anybody older than 12 years indeed. Towards the end the story gets pretty serious and there are few highly dramatic scenes between Sarah Michelle Gelar and Ryan Phillippe which are not without merit, both as dialogue and as acting. Reese Witherspoon gives a fine perfomance as well.    For what's worth, the movie is hugely entertaining but with the right dose seriousness to make well worth watching. It's about the facts of life: love, hate, vanity, pride, envy, malice. Most negative qualities, admittedly, but common to all of us none the less for that.    P. S. It's great to the cameo of Swoosie Kurtz, the only 'common denominator' with 'Dangerous Liaisons'.
0670022411|4.0|I am a fan of supernatural fiction, and especially appreciate a well-written, cerebral read. A Discovery of Witches satisfies on several levels, yet it leaves the reader hanging at the end, mainly because this is a first in what I assume to be a series of stories centered on the exploits of witch Diana Bishop and vampire Matthew de Clermont. This first installment sets the story up for events to come, describing how Diana, a university professor and also a witch (descended from a long, illustrious line of witches) finds an elusive and powerful alchemical manuscript called Ashmole 782, and how this seemingly accidental discovery brings her to the attention of supernatural beings made up of vampires, witches, and daemons.<br /><br />This first 300 or so pages were a bit plodding, though I was fascinated by the detailed descriptions of the world of witches, vampires, and daemons, and how they've managed to co-exist in relative peace alongside humans, without attracting undue attention from mortals. Diana is described as an independent, strong-willed woman who refuses to use magic because of a personal loss when she was a child. Then there's enigmatic, self-assured vampire Matthew de Clermont, a scholar of science, whose initial attraction to Diana is based on her 'ties' to the mysterious manuscript, but finds himself unable to resist his attraction to her. When Diana too finds herself falling for Matthew's charms, the pair put themselves at great risk as inter-species relationships are forbidden in their world.<br /><br />The romance parts seemed a bit forced at times, and it was frustrating to read passages describing Diana's so-called helplessness (because of her untapped magic) and how Matthew was constantly coming to her rescue. I can only hope that the second book will portray a more self-reliant Diana who has discovered her strengths as a witch, and has learned to command her powers and use them to her advantage. After all, throughout the book, the reader is made to believe that Diana harbors extraordinary powers with the potential to be a super-witch.<br /><br />The ending definitely suggests a sequel and the promise of more interesting events to occur in the lives of Diana and Matthew, and I feel this promise will entice me to read the next installment. It is a hefty read, with lots of descriptive detail (at times tedious), yet it is also interesting and engaging.to believe that Diana harbors extraordinary powers with the potential to be a super-witch.<br /><br />The ending definitely suggests a sequel and the promise of more interesting events to occur in the lives of Diana and Matthew, and I feel this promise will entice me to read the next installment. It is a hefty read, with lots of descriptive detail (at times tedious), yet it is also interesting and engaging.
B004ZH66XO|4.0|Very adictive.  Definitly NOT optimized for XOOM (hence, 4 stars).  It plays well, but it does not fit correctly on the screen.
B004EPYZU8|4.0|The movie was what I expected and more. I loved that it spoke mostly to women in the sense of being strong and to not be a damsel in distress type thing, you can be beautiful, smart, strong and wise. I was kind of hoping throughout the movie that it would actually go back to show what really happened in the \\"real\\" world, but it didn't :( The only thing I am disappointed with is that the extended cut will only be on blu ray, not everyone has one & I think Snyder should have also made available special edition extended cut on dvd.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This game is really fun to play. Great graphics, game play, and replay value. A must play game and don't pass it up.
B00006FDCJ|3.0|Perhaps the hype surrounding this movie elevated my expectations to unrealistic heights but regardless, I still did not greatly enjoy this movie.  It was entertaining and at times insightful but by no means was it anything but ordinary.  While I appreciated the more sober and realistic look at the life of the often romanticized gunslinger, I wish the actual gun battles had not strayed into the absurd towards the end.<br /><br />On the other hand, the DVD picture quality itself is excellent with great detail and deep black levels.
B004HD2ZIQ|5.0|I have just about everything Motorhead has produced over the years.  Most of it has been great, but there are a few duds from time to time.  This is not even close to being a dud.  I've had this disc in my player for about two weeks and I play it at least twice a day.  It sounds fresh and vital, and contrary to what some others have said, I do think this is CLASSIC, high-grade Motorhead.  Actually the last few albums have been impressive.  Lemmy must be hooking up with some hot new muse.    Do not buy this thinking that the DVD is an added plus.  Man, the audience looks totally dead here.  This show was in northern Germany (\\"Wacken\\"--they have an annual festival) and I'll never think of the German people in the same way again. I thought the kids from this part of Europe were weaned directly from their mother's busom straight to Motorhead, Metallica and quality pilsner, but apparently not. These troubled youth look gone, absent, vacant.  Lemmy and the guys are dealing out major blows of metal thunder, and these lethargic weasels are basically just standing there in a dull stupor. Did the vendors run out of popcorn or something? It hurts to watch, and in my mind it was totally disrespectful to this legendary institution.  I understand, if the vibe isn't there, or if you don't feel it, then there's no obligation to applaud or engage.  But Lemmy et al. are in maniacal form here. And, the crowd could obviously tell they were filming the concert; even that didn't motivate them.     I personally found the music rousing. My wife and children formed a mosh pit and tried to throw me around but I fended them off with hot pizza. My neighbors called the police because I was playing this so loud and when the cops arrived they issued me a stern warning only AFTER they turned up the volume even louder and played air guitar with Lemmy and the lads for 20 minutes. They told me they would have tazed and pepper-sprayed the audience for Motorhead insubordination had they been there livein \\"Wacken.\\"     I suspect what happened there in \\"Wacken\\" was that there was a long wait before the show started and the folks were tired and sulking. Even Leni Riefenstahl couldn't have choreographed vitality into these brooding people. But, achtung!!, friends, Lemmy is in the building and the party has now begun; start to live a little for goodness sakes! You have a reputation to maintain. The Jetta didn't invent itself.    I'm now not going to buy that BMW touring K-bike I was pondering; it's off the list of possibles; I'm going Yamaha, or maybe even Vespa! as the ultimate act of protest against Germanic insolence. The Japanese and the Italians understand passion for deserving bands.  The whole \\"German excellence\\" vibe is ruined for me after seeing acres of passive Bavarians mope (\\"Wacken\\"-off, so to speak) like Ritalin zombies in front of Lemmy & Co..
1579128149|5.0|This book is phenomenally well-written, entirely educational and satisfying.  The accompanying images are beautiful, even rivaling the content's own brilliance.  Never having considered myself a fan of chemistry prior to this book, I am now deeply fascinated with the subject and will continue to pursue greater understanding.  Highly recommended.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I am so addicted to this game. I can't wait to see what the rest of the levels are going to look like. Angry Birds Rio just keeps getting better and better.
B00006DEF9|5.0|But I simply adore this movie.  Despite the film's age, the acting, plot and humor have all withstood the succeeding decades' significant changes in culture.  In other words, this movie and its appeal are timeless.  Gene Kelly's dancing is the pinnacle of masculine grace, Donald O'Connor is the pitch-perfect sidekick/funny man, and Debbie Reynolds is solid as the female lead.  From start to finish, your smile will not fade.<br /><br />Regarding the DVD itself, thankfully, the picture and sound are of the highest quality possible.  The amount of hours poured into the original print to remove all instances of age and to restore rich colors must have been legion.  Of the many DVDs I own, this is by far one of the prettiest.
B002ZG99IG|5.0|I seen this movie with my boyfriend at the time and his best friend so i new when it came to dvd i just had to own it cuz it was great. Plus it shipped out to me in like two days from the shipper thats very fast. And so im happy with this dvd
B0001KL5DA|4.0|The obnoxiously insulting blue balls the audience is left to endure from the season's \\"conclusion\\"--but my god, was the foreplay ever fun.  Even with the knowledge of what fate awaited my balls, I still would have pursued the experience--the series is just that damn good but I do recommend you pack some ice along for the ride.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|I have been completely enjoying the Matt Smith Doctor.  I have been a fan of Doctor Wwho since the Tom Baker days and I really love how the Matt Smith Doctor has been a return to some of the eccentricities of that era but truly shows the chutzpa of a 900 year old alien from a VERY highly advanced race.  I must say I have also been very impressed with the scoring for the 11th Doctor's adventures.  It truly adds to the excitement of the series.  (I am REALLY  enjoying the secodn Matt Smith season right now too!!)   I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys good adventure... whether they know the Doctor or not.  The Doctor is definately IN!
B004LWZWEC|5.0|I honestly have no major complaints about the quality of this movie on bluray. Ive waited a long time for it's dvd release after watching mediocre quality bootleg dvd's of it. I expect film flaws and imperfections from a movie this old. The packaging is also nice on this collector's set. I compared the blu ray to the dvd that also comes with this set and there is a big difference.( I can't seem to get the bluray in \\"full screen\\" but that could just be a setting on my tv, or bd player? ) The sound is finally really nice and clean too.<br /><br />However, my biggest (and only) complaint is the lousy bonus material...WTF!!!???? Who the hell cares what these other people have to say about them? I can watch VH1 Classic to hear the same crap from these same people and i dont need it inlucded on my $30.00 dvd! I know why AC/DC is great and that is why i bought the dvd. Im surprised Jack White from White Stripes didnt stick his ugly mug in there somewhere!<br /><br />I would have expected unreleased outtake footage or songs, or even promo videos, other concert footage, etc....<br />Still, it's a great movie and glad to see it on dvd.<br /><br />Now where are The Beatles \\"Let It Be\\" and \\"Anthology\\" on bluray already??
0545265355|5.0|It took almost 3 month to put my hands on the books, but totally worth the waiting.   You just can't stop reading it! I sleep late, wake up early and spend the day reading! Hahaha  Go for it :)    By the way, I'm from Brazil.
B004ZH66XO|4.0|Cute little game that will keep you occupied for awhile. No reason not to download since it is free today. Nice, clean, and easy to control. Certainly not the best, but I like it! :D
B000Y5JFNY|5.0|I have just recently received The Sound of Music Special Collectors edition set and I am so incredibly thrilled. It is a wonderful keepsake to share with my mom(who is 85 and the one who took me to see this at the theater when I was a child) and to also pass down to my children. This Collector's set is a very gorgeous sentimental keepsake which I will always treasure. I just finished watching the Blue Ray version and was able to convince my 25 year old son to watch it with me(he really appreciated the cinematic scope and the story) and I was awed by the details that are missed in the other versions. But...it is nice to have the regular DVD to play when I am somewhere where they do not have a Blue Ray player. I am so grateful that I have this in my collection, it is on of the most beloved and enduring classic movie musicals ever made and though there are many wonderful musicals this is my all time favorite!
0312370849|5.0|I loved this book.  A book that can make you cry and make you scream for their success!  I just cant say enough good thing's sbout this book!
B004ZH66XO|4.0|while there may be others like this for free this does have a nice variety. if you have kids this one is well worth the 2 bucks. it's a good keep them quiet game.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|As a kid who grew up in the late 70's and 80's watching films like ET, Jaws and Close Encounters I was destined to enjoy this movie. For me to say that Super 8 is a nostalgic and entertaining movie would be true. To say that Super 8 is a J.J. Abrams tribute to Spielbergian cinema would be partly true. Partly. There are so many parallels to story, characters, time period and genre that's it near impossible not to immediately start making connections to which Spielberg film is being referenced in any particular scene.<br /><br />That said, before I get into Spielbergia I must give J.J. Abrams his due as an original artist. Anyone who has watched American television the past decade knows Abrams can deliver solidly on story and character with series like Alias, Lost and Fringe under his belt. However, until now his feature film career has been rooted in existing properties like Mission Impossible III and the new Star Trek. Both highly entertaining and visceral films in my opinion. But with Super 8 being his first original screenplay for a feature film, in some ways this was uncharted territory for Abrams. But with someone like Spielberg as his collaborator and producer and Abrams litany of experience in film-making and storytelling its hard to imagine his first original feature being anything but what we would come to expect from him. Emotional, well plotted, well acted, funny and just plain entertaining.<br /><br />Now that we've gotten that out of the way lets get to the fun part - the Spielberg parallels! Here's the ones I spotted, in no particular order:<br /><br />1. The \\"catalyst\\" into Act 2 is a spectacular train crash. Any coincidence that the 1st movie Spielberg remember's seeing as a child was 'The Greatest Show on Earth', which also contains one of the biggest train crashes in movie history? In fact, that train crash is said to be what inspired an 8 year Spielberg to shoot his first film; 2 toy trains crashing into each other (also as a way to get away with seeing his toy trains crash over and over without getting them taken away by his father.) Notice the discussion in Super 8 about filming the toy trains crashing into one another, which ultimately they do.<br /><br />2. The obvious MILITARY parallel of Alien Life in Close Encounters being covered up by a staged viral outbreak that kills anyone or thing that breathes it causing town evacuation. This VS. the Military coverup of Alien Life in Super 8 being a staged grass fire that causes town evacuation.<br /><br />3. In JAWS the scariest thing about the shark is the NOT seeing it. Same is true in Super 8, we don't fully see the monster until the film is almost finished. Builds suspense much more effectively.<br /><br />3. Any coincidence the place that that the Alien in Super 8 makes his final takeoff into space from a water \\"tower\\". In Close Encounters the Alien Mothership arrives and takes off from Devil's \\"Tower\\", Wyoming.<br /><br />4. The town hall meeting in Super 8 is very reminiscent of the town hall meeting in Close Encounters. All citizens EXCEPT the sheriff seem to be clueless and way off base about whats really going on.<br /><br />5. The sound that the Alien makes is VERY similar to the sound of the T-Rex in Jurassic Park (as well as the sound of the dying truck in Spielberg's 1st feature 'Duel'.)<br /><br />6. The main kid, Joe doesn't make good grades, as evidenced by him throwing his C+ papers aside when the Alice sees them (this could easily be a J.J. Abrams childhood connection too however.)<br /><br />7. In ET & CLOSE ENCOUNTERS the alien makes a \\"psychic\\" connection of some kind with the people it interacts with. In ET its Elliott \\"feeling\\" what ET feels (i.e. classroom scene with frogs & Elliott getting drunk & Elliott getting sick when ET gets sick, etc.) In Close Encounters its Richard Dreyfuss and Melinda Dillon being obsessed with the image of Devil's Tower, which ultimately draws them to it. In Super 8 every human the Alien touches \\"sees\\" whatthe alien feels and has been through, thus sympathizing with it.<br /><br />8. In ET a group of underdog kids led by Elliott \\"save the day\\" for ET. In THE GOONIES a group of underdog kids led by Mikey \\"save the day\\" for Mikey's families home which is about to be sold and bulldozed. Same here in Super 8 with Joe, the main kid taking one of the cubes which is close enough to the Water Tower to be drawn to it, thus creating a foundation for the Alien's ship to work from. Remember all the other cubes had been taken away by the government until the very end. And Joe is the one who tell the Alien to \\"GO\\" and that he understands and that bad things happen and its OK. This could be seen as the alien's motivation to leave. (my brother mentioned a parallel to 'Stand By Me' underdog kids, which is also true.)<br /><br />9. Slight Spielbergian cinematography connections - 2:<br />  a. The way both the gas station attendant and the airfare bus driver are \\"pulled away\\" feet first screaming by the Alien is very similar to the first death in Jurassic Park, where the gatekeeper is \\"pulled away\\" feet first screaming by the Velociraptor.<br />  b. The side tracking dolly shots of the kids running through neighborhood \\"up and over\\" hills, fences, etc is very similar to side tracking dolly shots in ET of kids riding their bikes through neighborhood \\"up and over\\" hills, fences, etc trying to get ET to the forrest.<br /><br />10. And here are a random sampling of other various connections I saw to Spielbergian cinema - the use of smoke and light, the conversational cadence of the kids interrupting each other & using cuss words poorly, loss of a parent, military being overly \\"big brother\\" in hiding alien, tracking and dolly shots, overhead shot of bus. I could go on and on.<br /><br />Without question Super 8 has a multitude of connections and parallels to Steven Spielberg films but it is also good to keep in mind that good story elements are good story elements no matter when, where or who they are used by. Many times the good ones pop up over and over again, precisely for that reason, because they work. Overlap to previous archetypes or story mythologies is inevitable because the ones we like are the ones we like, whether they are set in space or in the old west. Good storytellers are drawn to these same archetypal stories, they just flavor them differently each generation. In summation, all of these parallels could simply be a MASTER STUDENT (Abrams) following his MASTER TEACHER (Spielberg) with such skill that it comes off as an omage, which it very well may be and does not keep it from being a truly original work.<br /><br />BONUS!<br /><br />#. Not a Spielberg omage but the name of the gas station KELVIN is the 2nd reference J.J. Abrams has made to his grandfather in a feature film, the 1st being the name of one of the spaceships in Star Trek (the \\"U.S.S. Kelvin\\") And of course all LOST fans know Kelvin is the name of the guy that was in the Swan Hatch before Desmond.<br /><br />#. Also not a Spielberg parallel, but the kids zombie file \\"The Case\\" pays omega to George A. Romero, the godfather of zombie films by naming the chemical plant 'Romero Chemicals'. Loved that.group of underdog kids led by Elliott \\"save the day\\" for ET. In THE GOONIES a group of underdog kids led by Mikey \\"save the day\\" for Mikey's families home which is about to be sold and bulldozed. Same here in Super 8 with Joe, the main kid taking one of the cubes which is close enough to the Water Tower to be drawn to it, thus creating a foundation for the Alien's ship to work from. Remember all the other cubes had been taken away by the government until the very end. And Joe is the one who tell the Alien to \\"GO\\" and that he understands and that bad things happen and its OK. This could be seen as the alien's motivation to leave. (my brother mentioned a parallel to 'Stand By Me' underdog kids, which is also true.)    9. Slight Spielbergian cinematography connections - 2:       a. The way both the gas station attendant and the airfare bus driver are \\"pulled away\\" feet first screaming by the Alien is very similar to the first death in Jurassic Park, where the gatekeeper is \\"pulled away\\" feet first screaming by the Velociraptor.       b. The side tracking dolly shots of the kids running through neighborhood \\"up and over\\" hills, fences, etc is very similar to side tracking dolly shots in ET of kids riding their bikes through neighborhood \\"up and over\\" hills, fences, etc trying to get ET to the forrest.    10. And here are a random sampling of other various connections I saw to Spielbergian cinema - the use of smoke and light, the conversational cadence of the kids interrupting each other & using cuss words poorly, loss of a parent, military being overly \\"big brother\\" in hiding alien, tracking and dolly shots, overhead shot of bus. I could go on and on.    Without question Super 8 has a multitude of connections and parallels to Steven Spielberg films but it is also good to keep in mind that good story elements are good story elements no matter when, where or who they are used by. Many times the good ones pop up over and over again, precisely for that reason, because theywork. Overlap to previous archetypes or story mythologies is inevitable because the ones we like are the ones we like, whether they are set in space or in the old west. Good storytellers are drawn to these same archetypal stories, they just flavor them differently each generation. In summation, all of these parallels could simply be a MASTER STUDENT (Abrams) following his MASTER TEACHER (Spielberg) with such skill that it comes off as an omage, which it very well may be and does not keep it from being a truly original work.     BONUS!    #. Not a Spielberg omage but the name of the gas station KELVIN is the 2nd reference J.J. Abrams has made to his grandfather in a feature film, the 1st being the name of one of the spaceships in Star Trek (the \\"U.S.S. Kelvin\\") And of course all LOST fans know Kelvin is the name of the guy that was in the Swan Hatch before Desmond.    #. Also not a Spielberg parallel, but the kids zombie file \\"The Case\\" pays omega to George A. Romero, the godfather of zombie films by naming the chemical plant 'Romero Chemicals'. Loved that.
B004I4H8QS|5.0|Before I start talking about this new 2011 Deluxe Edition Release, I have to say that the \\"Layla\\" album is one of my all time favorite albums.  I think it is Clapton's finest achievement as a musician and I also feel Clapton was at his best while leading Derek and the Dominos.  I had previously owned the single disc version of this album, from the late 90s or early 2000s, that was part of the \\"Clapton Remastered\\" series and I listened to that disc for days on end.  I decided to give this new deluxe edition a chance mainly for the bonus disc and the audio clarity.  I popped in disc one of this deluxe edition and OH MY GOODNESS the album sounds SO MUCH BETTER everything is so much clearer and there are new sounds that I could not hear before.  The two (or more) guitars are now clearly identified you can hear what each one is playing.  I can't say enough about this new clarity, the album sounds excellent.<br /><br />As for the bonus disc, the most interesting are the three live cuts (particularly \\"Matchbox\\") from The Johnny Cash show and the two Phil Spector versions of \\"Roll It Over\\" (which sounds like George Harrison's \\"All Things Must Pass\\" album) and \\"It's Too Late.\\" The majority of the bonus disc is available on Clapton's First \\"Crossroads box set.\\"  They do sound better here however.  There is also the finished version of \\"Got to Get Better In a Little While\\" with Bobby Whitlock's chorus vocals recently added.  Overall this bonus disc is fine but nothing really great and it is short at only 55-minutes.<br /><br />The booklet is a let down, as there is nothing new except some still photos from The Johnny Cash Show. There is some info about recording dates and who played on what track but that is it.  No essay or historical stuff that is normally part of these Deluxe editions.  The case is the cardboard eco-pack style without the normal plastic cover that deluxe editions normally come in.<br /><br />Overall the new clarity won me over and the bonus disc is nice addition but slight.  If this is the first time you are hearing the album buy this version.  I cannot say enough about the clarity.  Here's to hoping that Clapton and Whitlock reform (like Cream and Clapton/Winwood did) for a Dominos reunion.is is the first time you are hearing the album buy this version.  I cannot say enough about the clarity.  Here's to hoping that Clapton and Whitlock reform (like Cream and Clapton/Winwood did) for a Dominos reunion.
B004ZH66XO|2.0|In a world of game controllers and on screen video game controllers, the control pad is always on the left side.  For some reason, this game putz the on screen controler on the right. This throws off the game and makes it more difficult to control.
0805087184|5.0|This is my 22 month old son's favorite book!  He brings it to me saying \\"Brown Bear.\\"  He will choose this book above ANY other book (he has a VAST collection of books).  He will ask me to read it to him over and over again.  He loves the pictures and the repetition.  He can point at all of the pictures and name the animal and he lights up when we get to \\"teacher.\\" After we are done, he says \\"yay!\\" and claps in excitement!
B0054EZ6I8|1.0|I can buy Episode 7 on iTunes right now, but it's not available here. There's no point to having a season pass on Amazon.
B004ZH66XO|5.0|it's a nice game but i think it would be better on a tablet. with the screen size on my og droid it makes it hard to drive the fish around.
B003ICWTR4|5.0|This is more testimony that Bruce and the E Street Band's sustained greatness - this show after one the night before - is unparalleled in rock history.
0439023483|5.0|I absolutely love The Hunger Games series. I must have read the entire 3-book series 4-5 times and awaiting the release of the 3rd and final book, Mockingjay, was totally painful. Dare I say I think I loved this series even more than Twilight? Nah, I guess they are even. It's true that the whole premise is depressing and there is a lot of brutality, but the books read like a truly animated tale as I could completely envision each and every relatable character as well as the ones I could find no endearing quality in. I love having another book series I can so easily enjoy and converse about with my teens and my own friends alike. My daughters, 11 and 16, both loved the series as well and my son, age 14, is currently reading Catching Fire.
B004ZH66XO|5.0|I have been waiting so long for a game like this. Survival of the fittest. Eat anything smaller than you. Get eaten by bigger creatures. Grow! Eat the bigger guys who messed with you before. It's a simple and fun concept. Spore uses it. Darwin's island map from Warcraft 3 uses it. Now Grow uses it! Hey I got lucky and got the game free but I would have payed five bucks for this. Thank you developers for this game. :)
0061726826|2.0|It took me four days to read Delirium. I considered it a fast read, as any book that keeps me wanting to read is a fast read in my book world. Yet, there are just things about this book that bug me and I never got the sense that this story was worth the time dedication. For one thing, the author's vocabulary is boring. For example, the word \\"minute\\" (the adjective) is used way too often. It's a bit unbelievable that a 17 year old would use this word over \\"small\\", \\"tiny\\", \\"fraction\\", or \\"miniscule\\", repeatedly. I couldn't help but be distracted by its repeated use and began counting how many times it is actually used...\\"minute\\" this, \\"minute\\" that. At the same time, there was use of language that I doubted this teen character would utilize, such as the word \\"tinny\\" when vocabulary has already been presented as limited by the repeated use of the word \\"minute\\". Call my picky, but it was a huge detractor for me. I was also disappointed that the text would be published with errors such as using the word \\"staying\\" instead of \\"saying\\". Things like this just annoy me. The book was not a complete waste of time, but just left me unsatisfied. It kept me going but didn't deliver in the end. Some have compared this to The Hunger Games, but I cannot agree. The Hunger Games is superb writing. This book screams amateur; its predictability being its major flaw. I was also befuddled by the use of profanity. I find it offensive to assume teens want or expect to see profanity in a book targeted for their age group. It was not necessary to inject the f-word several times, as well as other choice words just for the sake of \\"speaking the language\\". I doubt that such a \\"pure\\" and \\"cured\\" society would even raise children with such marred vocabulary.  Wouldn't \\"The Book of Shhh\\" list these as \\"dangerous words\\"? Other things I could not buy into include a nude scene, which remains just that, and lack of attention to scene details, such as a scene which begins with the lead character walkingon a sandy beach holding her shoes, then magically she has her shoes back on as she's racing to a buoy, they're filling with water, but the scene ends with her carrying her shoes again with never a mention of putting them back on then taking them off again. It was weird.    A positive is the beautiful cover art and interesting title.    In the end, I can't recommend this book.
B003INBOEM|5.0|Mejor película de Artes Marciales en mucho tiempo. Donie Yen es el verdadero caballero de las Artes Marciales, basada en una historia real. Con drama y accion excelentemente bien combinadas. Ampliamente recomendable.
B000002GGU|5.0|\\"Cuts Like a Knife\\" gave him his first hits, but it wasn't until the release of \\"Reckless\\" that Adams got catapulted to the top of the charts, not only in Canada and America, but across the world. It consisted entirely of excellent melodic rock tunes, with hooks so catchy that you just couldn't get them out of your head no matter how hard you tried.<br /><br />It produced no less than six hit singles; one of the best nostalgia songs ever (\\"Summer of '69\\"), brilliant radio material (\\"Run to You\\", \\"Somebody\\", \\"One Night Love Affair\\" and \\"It's Only Love\\"; a duet with Tina Turner) and one of the best ballads ever, \\"Heaven\\" (Allmusic fittingly named it \\"The Ballad to End All Ballads\\", and I couldn't agree more).<br /><br />The rest of the album is great but doesn't often get a lot of credit. Despite this, \\"Kids Wanna Rock\\" remains Adams' best song live and \\"She's Only Happy When She's Dancin'\\" is still a favourite among fans (in fact, it even scraped the Top 20 on the US Radio Charts, but was never released as a single). The last two songs are not as good as the rest of the album, but they're still great.<br /><br />Some critics didn't like this album for its simple and nostalgic lyrics, but those critics obviously missed the point, because \\"Reckless\\" is clearly not meant to be taken seriously. It's meant to be a fun, rockin' time, and on that note it succeeds brilliantly.
0307595579|5.0|I love the series and wanted to give my brother the set as a Christmas gift. The box set was a perfect way to present my favorite series to my brother. The box itself was subtantial and the books looked and felt very good. I was very pleased and so was he.
B002ZG98FU|3.0|I purchased this DVD because I love Harrison Ford, Diane Keaton and Rachel McAdams.  I thought with that list of stars it would be funny and entertaining.<br /><br />It was an ok movie, and probably will watch it again, but if asked probably would not recommend purchasing it to someone.<br /><br />The movie just never seemed to get started, the items you thought would be funny were not, just disapointed.
B002VPE1YS|4.0|It fits my GPS so that's big! Didn't plan on using it for that but it looks like it may end up being used for that as my new Garmin 5\\" didn't come with one.  The price was right on this so I may end up getting a few more.
B004ZH66XO|3.0|This game works fine, is built well, looks good and has no errors. It just wasn't any fun. That is a completely subjective thing so I'm nit going to give a 1 star review or anything. I just didn't get the part where this was supposed to entertain me.
B004Z7AHZC|4.0|Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules is a good film and in many ways better than the first film but in many ways worse than the first film. If you have not seen the first one, then I highly recommend you do so before viewing this one. The first Diary of A Wimpy Kid was funnier than this film and also remained closer to its book counterpart. Rodrick Rules strays from the book, but shows more character development and plot than the first one did. The character development in this film is way better than the first installment. In Rodrick Rules, we get to watch Greg and Rodrick develop as not only brothers but as friends. We learn more about the characters and care about them more than ever. One problem is that Rodrick Rules is not as funny as the first film. Rodrick Rules has it fair share of jokes but it didn't have as many as the first. Whether this is a bad thing is entirely up to you. Another problem I see is that this movie does have its fair share of cliches which most movies now do have. The only other problem I see is that the dialogue can be corny and cheesy at times. The acting in this movie is fairly decent, not fantastic but not terrible. It gets the job done for a kids movie. Overall, I recommend you see this movie if you like the books or liked the first movie. Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules is a good family movie that people of all ages can enjoy. I hope the next movie includes more jokes but has as good of character development as this had.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I spent many hours at play.  I beat it twice and managed to check off every achievement.  smooth game play on my galaxy tab 10.1.   Can not wait for more.
B004D3BPH2|4.0|The Telemann Edition is Brilliant Classics's newest addition to its Composer Edition/Portrait series. I had my doubt when Amazon recommended this to me as a pre-order item, since many of the new releases are revamped \\"Masterworks\\" series: Vivaldi, Handel, Mendelssohn, etc., all of them I had previously bought but eventually either sold or gave away. However, I decided to take the chance anyway. After all, what can I lose at such a price? As it turns out, the Telemann Edition is a good buy and has given me hours of listening pleasure. A keeper.    What's good about this box? It's good selections and mostly good performances at a great price. True, your Telemann collection won't be complete and your buying days won't be finished even if you buy this box. However, the selections are good and cover many facets of Telemann's works. (Well, I'd love to have at least one opera in the box, but I am not sure BC's tight budget would allow that.) Also true: there are only a handful of discs I could call truly outstanding.(*) However, most performances are from good to very good and are worth listening. Additionally there is an accompanying CD-Rom which includes the liner notes and the sung texts in the original German in the PDF format, which is a welcome and much-needed addition to BC's Masterworks series. Unfortunately, the translations are not offered, except for the Bass Cantatas (CD24), which was released  individually earlier. If, like me, your German is not fluent, and you don't mind awkward English translations, the Google Translator will come in handy with quick cut-and-paste. (This is one place the PDF format is superior to the printed one.)    Some technical information: All but CD7 (Oboe Concerto) and CD9-16 (Overtures) are performed on period instruments. Some are licensed from other labels, e.g. CD7 and the last 3 CDs, but the majorities are produced by BC and are previously released.  The recorded sound is from good to very good and is never in the way of the listening pleasure.    At barely more than $1 per CD, this box is a steal and can be easily recommended to those who are interested in Telemann's music.    --------------  (*) Among them are 3 which I have listened to most often so far: CD24 sung by Christian Hilz (Bass Cantatas, which won the prestigious Giodano Bruno's must-buy of the month©), CD26 sung by Klaus Mertens (Cantatas from the Harmonischen Gottesdienst), and CD27 performed by Musica Antiqua Köln directed by Reinhard Goebel with Barbara Schlick (soprano).      Here is a list of contents and performers.    CD1-4 TAFELMUSIK (complete)  Musica Amphion, Pieter-Jan Belder    CD5-6 TRUMPET CONCERTOS  Otto Sauter trumpet  Kammerorchester Mannheim, Nicol Matt    CD7 OBOE CONCERTOS  Heinz Holliger oboe  Academy of St Martin in the Fields, Iona Brown    CD8 CONCERTOS FOR DIVERSE INSTRUMENTS  Jed Wentz traverso  Peter Masseurs trumpet  Musica ad Rhenum, Amsterdam Bach Soloists, Wiener Akademie, Martin Haselböck    CD9-16 OVERTURES  Collegium Instrumentale Brugense, Patrick Peire    CD17 TWELVE FANTASIAS FOR FLUTE  Jed Wentz flute    CD18 RECORDER SONATAS  Lorenzo Cavasanti recorder  Ensemble Tripla Concordia    CD19 TRIO SONATAS FOR RECORDER, OBOE & BASSO CONTINUO  Lorenzo Cavasanti recorder  Alfredo Bernardini oboe  Ensemble Tripla Concordia    CD20 TRIO SONATAS FOR FLUTE, VIOLIN & BASSO CONTINUO  Fabio Biondi violin  Lorenzo Cavasanti flute  Ensemble Tripla Concordia    CD21-23 PARIS QUARTETS  Musica ad Rhenum, Jed Wentz    CD24 BASS CANTATAS  Christian Hilz bass  Ensemble Cordia, Stefano Veggetti    CD25-26 KANTATEN AUS DEM HARMONISCHEN GOTTESDIENST  Ingrid Schmithüsen soprano  Klaus Mertens baritone  Il Concertino Köln    CD27 INO · OVERTURE IN D  Barbara Schlick soprano  Musica Antiqua Köln, Reinhard Goebel    CD28-29 PASSIONS-ORATORIUM (Matthäus Passion)  Barbara Locher, soprano  Zeger Vandersteene, Stefan Dörr, tenor  Berthold Possemeyer, Johan-René Schmidt, baritone  Freiburger Vokalensemble, L'ArpaFestante München, Wolfgang Schäfer    CD-ROM  Booklet notes (in English) and sung texts (in German, no translation except CD24)
B004ZH66XO|3.0|Honestly, I only downloaded as it was free and I didn't see any tablet reviews. It seemed to me that a bit of the top and bottom of the screen were cut off. was really boring so I didn't play past the first level.   3 stars as the graphics are decent, and I can see that some people would enjoy it, but I took away 2 stars as they don't  mention anything about tablet issues in the description.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|Ill make this review brief since there are already so many reviews for this cd. There is not a false note to be found on this live double album. Clapton and winwood are at the top of there game. the song selection is perfect. The sound is immaculate. this is as good as live albums get.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Pros:  Very easy to install  Great build quality  Lowered idle temps from 32C to 20C  Lowered average load temps from 53C to 39C  Comes with extra screws and foam pads for an extra fan    Cons:  May be too big for certain cases    Easily one of the best after-market CPU heatsinks for under $30.
B004SRNH10|1.0|Motorola xoom uses android  v3.1 and after the update all air app that uses pinch zoom crash.  Adobe claimedd to fix this but no release date for air 2,7   Worst part, nobody cares .... Everyone is buying iPads anyway.
0394721772|5.0|Still reading and learning and cooking
1416562605|1.0|I grew weary reading of repetitious lackluster activities: sitting through traffic jams, visiting malls, bribing politicians, dealing with thugs & ruffians, spitting, drinking, foot massages and finally spitting some more.  No wonder poor BH finally lost it.  Overall, the book is flat and has a stale and slightly outdated feel to it.    Thankfully, the ending picks up in momentum with a fresh infusion of much-needed inspiration, relatively speaking.
B0015ABRE2|4.0|The first two seasons of Dexter comprise one powerful story. It's richly textured, beautifully written and brilliantly performed. The colors are deeply saturated in some scenes, not in others, and the effect directorially heightens the drama, as does the score. One detail I admire most in the first two episodes is that when the characters are out of doors in the Miami heat and humidity, especially Dexter, they are sweaty and their clothing is soaked in sweat.<br /><br />Much of this detail is lost in season three. It's as though the company came together to start shooting but the writers couldn't figure out how to keep things going and they fell back on standard TV plot lines. It's a shame. Of course, it's still worth watching, because the cast ensemble is brilliant, with the exception of the awful female defense attorney. Special kudos to Jimmy Smits for what is the performance of his career to date. However, in his final key scenes with Michael C. Hall, it's clear that nobody can outperform Hall's blend of charm and monstrousness.<br /><br />Watching the third season, it's apparent that seeing Dexter in his kill room, wearing his apron, we're looking at what will be an iconic TV image for decades to come.
B001AW156U|5.0|I can see absolutely no downside to buying these.  I bought a set and immediately bought a 2nd set for my other PS3 controller.  The one fundamental flaw of the Sixaxis controller is the L2/R2 buttons, during long games, causing finger exhaustion, and these pretty much remedy it and give a much more tactile feel to the controller (Sony, you should probably go ahead and include these in a redesign).  While hugely extended gaming sessions will still wear your hands out (not to mention typing, smart phone use, and every other dang thing we do to our hands these days), this at least delay the tiredness of your hands for a little while longer.<br /><br />A must purchase.
B004ZH66XO|1.0|Games like this have been around for a long time and, having played several versions myself, I find the effort and quality of this game rather lacking. There are many free games like this online that are much more fun.
B000ZJTPLG|3.0|I bought the metal one, loved it... so I then bought this one: disappointing :(    If you are in two minds to get this or the one for metal, go for the metal.    Build quality is the same, it's more fragile than your girlfriend... unfortunately with a lot less tone and sustain as well.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Suddenly force closing. The game was fantastic until force closes. Great idea... Can you please update to fix random closures? I'd really appreciate it!
B004RSCWZ2|5.0|I think anyone who listens to this album all the way through will be hooked. Derek's guitars are superb, Susan's voice is powerful, yet has a velvet quality. These are to be expected if you know either of their discographies. The separating factor here is that they are surrounded by the most awesome and talented ensemble currently. While Tyler and JJ are the pistons, Kofi and Oteil are the fluids inside this engine and it roars!  The songs each have an emotion of their own. Having heard early versions on last year's tour, and then more on the Spring tour, there was some heavy anticipation. I can't name a favorite as each and every song provides an intimate and personal experience. Get a copy, meet the family, and revel in the emotions.
B0001GMIOE|1.0|The battery I received is a fake. Be sure to check your battery closely and compare it to photos of others online to make sure it is genuine before using it in your expensive camera body!
B0052UZIFA|2.0|I've played this game and won this game on ipad and iPhone. this game is great...just the android app... well, it sucks. if you stop playing for 15min, it can't remember where you are in the game and makes you start that level over. it slows tremendously when plants are firing a lot of peas. its just not nearly as good as the ios version
B0000648WZ|4.0|It's an interesting movie I like to watch every now and then I had been looking for it on other websites and I prefered getting it on Amazon. I buy most of my school supplies from Amazon as well.
B000V8A31C|5.0|All these songs are amazing! I was worried that some of the songs would be too short because some are about a minute long, but none of them seem short! :) All the songs are pretty piano and/or orchestra music and I listen to them all the time. Anyone who loves classical music would LOVE these songs because they take you back to some of your favorite parts of the movie (LIKE THE PART IN THE RAIN! AWESOME!). I also found the sheet music for all these songs on Amazon, and I want to buy that too! :O)
0521008433|4.0|This is one of Jack's finest books in that it explains what others take hundreds of pages to explain in the simplest and easiest way possible and in a short easy to read book.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|this game hooked me completely-.   I love it.  game play on the xoom it a bit slow at times for some reason. highly recommend
B004L79VUI|4.0|[...]    A fundamentally sound white-blues album, befitting an old pro who's been around long enough to have some dirt on his uniform. Plus, Clapton helped. Not sure I like this as much as Rolling Stone did, but definitely worth a listen. Can't help but wonder what Mike Bloomfield would sound like had he lived to this age.    [...]
B004FLAYXI|5.0|This is a really Awesome Package for the film \\"Inception\\". I recommend getting while and if you can.  It's a rare find.
0811876373|4.0|I have been seeing these things all over even in starbucks and wanted to make them for myself. Directions are very easy to follow.
0060751967|2.0|Had me hooting with laughter at the overwrought and downright atrocious clich&eacute;s. Seriously someone published this!?! I skimmed through pages and pages of mindless drivel, chuckled over the interaction between the leads and resisted hurling my kindle out the window at the frequent repetition of lines. The author is a good storyteller but the publisher deserves a damn good slap for not editing this harder. I won't buy any of the others but I do foresee myself reading bits of this for a laugh. So as I said, it was entertaining. It's just I could have cut half the book out and not missed anything.
B004TACMZ8|2.0|Bought one, and tested it on a 5/8\\" sheetrock wall whose opposite side has been removed -- so I could actually see the pipes, wires, and wood studs.    The Bosch unit doesn't work any better than a much less expensive Zircon brand.   Neither Bosh or Zircon can precisely find the edges of wood studs. These scanners can tell you where NOT to drill or cut, but if you need to accurately locate center of a stud, be prepared to tap in some small temporary nails, after using the scanner.    Note that of electrical wiring is inside metal conduit, the Bosch scanner will NOT locate it.   The wiring jacket needs to be non-metallic, like Romex.    I'll be returning the Bosch scanner.
1856697061|5.0|This is a fabulous book and I would encourage anyone who does any amount of garment construction to purchase all of her books.  The designs are brilliant and inspiring.
B00008PX8P|5.0|I bought this in late 2005 after half-heartedly listening to my mom's Zeppelin CDs, III and Houses Of the Holy. I knew there was something there in Zeppelin that I enjoyed, while I couldn't quite get into it by listening to the music that my mom had. I saw this at Best Buy and noticed that it had a bunch of songs I had heard of and enjoyed when they came on the radio, so I bought it. I watched it over the course of two days, I believe. Once I finished watching it, I went out and bought every album of theirs on the same day. The DVD is that good. The band is that great. Turns out that Houses Of the Holy is... let's say, \\"not one of my favorites,\\" so that was a bad introduction. The concert at the Royal Albert Hall is one of my top three favorite concerts that I've ever seen or heard. Definitely the best Zeppelin concert that I've heard or seen. They were on point and the music was absolutely phenomenal. I don't know how many times I rewatched that concert. Many, many times. It bums me out that there is no complete recording of Heartbreaker. Great DVD. I highly recommend it to anyone who's interested in getting into the band or wants to know if the band is their kind of music.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Running smoothly on my droid 1.  If you have a rooted phone, get swapper 2 from the market, set it up, and you'll be able to play!
0345529057|5.0|I was delighted with my purchase. When I first had a look at the price that Amazon.com was offering for the entire set of the A Song of Ice and Fire series, I was in disbelief. Even including the cost of postage and delivery, it was still cheaper than the price offered in local bookstores here in Australia. I got the books in a reasonable timeframe and in brand spanking new condition. Thanks!
B004VFYOA2|1.0|THE VIDEO SUCKS IT A BOOTLEG IF I EVER SEEN ONE AND IF NOT SOMEBODY DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO DO THE VIDEO IT LOOK LIKE SOMETHING OUT OF THE 70S IT WOULD BE ALRIGHT AS A CD BUT NOT A DVD I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT
B004VFYOA2|4.0|...and that's the truth.  After 20 yrs, David was lucky enough to still have access to the raw footage of the show. I read that Whitesnake was the only band in the festival that let the cameras roll for the entire show.  This video was already warned as not even close to being HD, and is actually the footage that fans at the show saw on the big screens on the side of the stage.      I personally have no issue with the video quality in and of itself.  My issue is that the camera person(s) didn't film David Coverdale enough.  There are plenty of shots of Steve Vais and other members. Come to think of it...there are enough shots of Steve Vai to make one think they are watching a Stve Vai concert.   The CD set is very well mixed by current snake Doug Aldrich.  I suggest, as did someone else here...you go for the CD/DVD combo and you will be very happy to have this in your collection.  You have to remember that Donnington '90 has been the most asked for release since they started their website.  I thank them for releasing this to us.
B004I1WIWU|5.0|To express why it means something for an album to be part of my top ten favorites, let me explain that there are only about fifteen albums that I would tell someone are my favorites. Sure, I somewhat enjoy a few other albums, but I only half-enjoy and often half-detest those albums. This album is fabulous and it quickly became one of my favorites. I was never into Adele before, but she is one of the artists I wanted to get into because I liked her voice. She has a nice voice, but I heard Chasing Pavements before I knew it was so popular and I just didn't like it. I still don't know why people like that song. I heard more from 19 over the years and just couldn't get into her. Last year in December, I watched vh1's top 20 countdown (which I've been watching for years to keep up with what people my age are listening to and hopefully discover some good new songs--and I do, but it's very rare) premier her Rolling In the Deep video. They premiered it on the last week before their two- or three-week Holiday break. I enjoyed the song, so I got it online and listened to it almost non-stop whenever I was on the computer. After about fifteen listens, I realized that I loved the song and wanted to hear more. I found myself getting upset that they had premiered that video the week before a long vacation because I knew that people weren't going to vote for it because they hadn't seen it or didn't realize it had premiered. Sure enough, when it debuted on the countdown, it was 20, but the next week it was like 13. I checked out her live performance of Someone Like You on Jools Holland. At first I wasn't into it, but I listened to it some more and it is great. When the album leaked, I listened to it in order to see if I wanted the album. After I heard it a few times, it was obvious that it had become a favorite of mine. It's a great album. My favorite tracks are Rolling In the Deep, I'll Be Waiting, One And Only and her cover of If It Hadn't Been For Love. I don't care much for Rumour Has It and He Won't Go. I also don't like her version or the original version of Lovesong. Someone Like You is much better live.
B0051QIGP4|3.0|Like a lot of people, I picked up this album when it was up for 99 cents on the day of release. I felt it was a good opportunity to try to understand what's up with this Lady Gaga thing. I had read her interview in Rolling Stone and came away mildly intrigued, but really came to this album a blank slate -- not having heard Lady Gaga's music but willing to like it, with a vaguely positive predisposition.<br /><br />But what struck me most about the record is its surprising lack of originality. Except for a few more ballad-like tracks at the end, most of the music is dominated by techno-style rhythm tracks that you would have heard in any European dance club in 1995 (which is about when I stopped going to clubs).<br /><br />People compare Lady Gaga to Madonna a lot, and I can understand why -- the title track \\"Born This Way\\" is basically a remake of Madonna's \\"Express Yourself\\", with a little bit of the rap from \\"Vogue\\" thrown in. But Madonna has actually done some innovative things musically -- the \\"Like a Prayer\\" album still stands out as a pretty decent achievement, for example. I'm not hearing anything of that caliber here.<br /><br />Lady Gaga seems to have two things going for her. First, she is an innovator, at least a bit, on the look-and-image side. Can't take that away from her. Second are her religion-themed lyrics. I still can't make out whether she is coming from a Christian angle or an angle critical of mainstream Christianity. This ambivalence is mildly interesting artistically.<br /><br />Otherwise, the music is OK for what it is -- relatively mindless and uninventive dance fodder. But I don't think you can say much beyond that. To paraphrase what Gertrude Stein said about Oakland, California: \\"There's not much there there.\\"
B004UID2LC|5.0|Absolutely love this app!<br />Quick and easy install (maybe 5 mins total)<br />Does just what it says without a hitch<br />Very user friendly...<br /><br />  I'M IMPRESSED! BEST APP I'VE EVER USED!<br />  .  (Galaxy S/ Fascinate)
0091922348|2.0|When initially learning about this cookbook, I was so excited to purchase it. Being from Vancouver, Canada, I had never heard of Ottolenghi before, but being the \\"most anticipated cookbook of the year\\" I had to have it. I could not find it any bookstores so I purchased it before I had a chance to look through it. $65 and a lonnnnnnng wait later it came to my door. The book is absolutely gorgeous. The photographs of the food and the restaurants are amazing. I find the content and the recipes lacking in something though. I can't exactly put my finger on what. I've had the cookbook for a year now and have not made one thing out of it (this is very unlike me). I so desperately want to use it but everytime I flip through I am disappointed. The recipes seem more complicated than they should be and even though I live in a thriving metropolis with bakeries, delis, organic markets, and international and upscale grocery stores, I still find it difficult to find ingredients. I consider myself an experienced home cook and there is generally nothing that I am hesitant on tackling however I find Ottolenghi's recipes almost intimidating. Maybe it is just not for everyone and it's possible that I am just used to different cuisine (this is my first cookbook out of the UK other than Jaime Oliver) but if I could go back, I wouldn't purchase this book again.
B000UZQIDS|2.0|none of the depth or wit of the original (but why would i expect it?  austen is incomparable, and any modern day author of close to comparable talent is writing something more compelling than this).  I'm really not sure why i expected any better.  Boring.  go re-read Emma instead.
B004ZH66XO|4.0|Reminds me of the beginning of the classic spore. Fun way to kill some time. Runs great on my galaxy tab.
B000063UR2|5.0|This was what fantasy was like in the time before CGI, and it does it's job well. This movie is one of the classic '80's fantasy modvies along with the Dark Crystal and Labrynth. Tim Curry's Darkness is chilling. The makup effects for this movie would be eventually recreated to do hellboy. I can even stand Tom Cruise in this movie.
B004LZRSBY|5.0|I was not an ardent fan of a-ha.  I only knew their most popular hits before this.  This concert blew me away, it was fantastic both visually and in sound.  I loved many of the songs even on the first listening.  The only bad thing ... now I'll have to go to the stores to get their albums.
0393327655|5.0|Harris argues brilliantly that the \\"religion light\\" advocates who omit the violent tribal bases of religion do all nations a great disservice in the interest of peace.  That empirical proof began to emerge in Western Civilization 500 years ago and has become the touchstone of all rational decisions--except in the area of faith. Otherwise brilliant people throw their brains out the window by accepting theism as a matter of \\"faith\\". And orthodox Israeli Jews believe they are in God's own land; the Chosen People treat Palestinians as scum. And Saudi funded madrasas teach Pakistani and Afghan boys that non-Muslims are infidels to be killed. And evangelical white Christians in the heartland of America embrace with bellicose passions hatred toward East and West Coast secularists and foreigners. Throwing out faith and morality from tablets brought down from a mountaintop, Harris attempts to derive an ethics based on no suffering caused to others. This is an important unflinching look at the stranglehold that religionists have on mankind.
0553386794|1.0|I love fantasy, and I heard about how popular these books are. I figured it would be one of those series where I just couldn't put the book down. But I just haven't found that to be the case.  Took me forever to get into the story at all.  I've been reading it for weeks and am only 273 pages in (I'm usually a fast reader).  It's just boring.  And most of the characters are so unlikable that I don't care what happens to them.  It catches my attention occasionally with something disturbing and awful, but it isn't fun to read.  It's mostly depressing.  Also, a lot of times one story line will be dropped for so long that I forget who the characters are by the time it comes back to it.  I've almost given up on the book several times now, and I'm still not sure I'll make it through.  It does strike me as something that could be made into a good TV series though.  Maybe if I see the characters enacted, I'll find them more likable somehow.  I don't see myself reading any more books in the series -- not sure I'll finish the struggle to get through this one.  I doubt it will be memorable to me.  But maybe the HBO series will be worth watching.<br /><br />I should probably just drop it and go read Lord of the Rings again.  I never get tired of that one.  :-)
B004JHY8A8|5.0|I could not put this book down, absolutely rivetting! I would rate this book in the top ten best reads that I have ever read. Do yourself a favor and buy it!
0670022411|3.0|If you are going to read this book, make sure to realize that this is the first book of a trilogy. A bound to be LONG trilogy. While nothing significant happens in this particular book, we do get a lot of background information on the characters.     It is quite a bit like the other vampire novels that are popular right now just set with adults instead of teenagers. We have the damsel in distress who is saved from the grips of powerful witches and vampires. We have the conversation about acceptable foods, sleeping habits, old traditions, etc.     A good read, but don't expect to be astounded at any point. I am hopeful the next two books reveal alot more.
B003Y5H51K|2.0|Not sure what to make of this film. As I'm typing this - it's thirty minutes in and so far I'm basically watching 'The Abyss Part 2'.<br /><br />Abyss Checklist:<br /><br />- Deep unexplored water, check.<br />- Technology used to exploit/explore same, check.<br />- Pet named submersible ROV, check.<br />- Storm threatening support crew far above, check.<br />- Dark foreboding water sequences, check.<br />- Close up of a woman drowning, check.<br />- Loss of communications with the outside world, check.<br /><br />The point of all this James Cameron homage/brown-nosing would be... what... exactly?<br /><br />Now I'm genuinely terrified that a bunch of glowing aliens will be at the bottom of this cave. I hope not. So help me, if any Colonial Marine shows up with armor piercing rounds to shoot a Cyberdyne product - I'm fast forwarding to the last ten seconds of the movie.<br /><br />And back to the show...<br /><br />Minute 35 - I tell you, it doesn't pay to be a female in this flick. Ouch.<br /><br />Minute 47 - Screaming in place of dialogue. Excellent. I'm hoping Sergeant Apone makes an appearance. Still, as Luko is the token person of color in the film, I'm guessing the filmmakers have already met their racial quota.<br /><br />Minute 49 - Oops, spoke to soon. Having just offed his friend, the transparent plot now clearly reveals our anti-hero will not make it out of the movie alive. Too bad, he's the one character that has more to him than a cardboard cut-out of a role to step into.<br /><br />Minute 53 - So, let me get this straight. Women are: Prone to overestimating their abilities, likely to panic, get randomly entangled and bonked on the noggin, make foolish choices (I'm not wearing a dead person's wetsuit because I know I'd prefer freezing to death), and are foul-mouthed extroverts who can't deal with stress. And big surprise - Director Alister Grierson is from Australia. Yup.<br /><br />1:12 - Woman weak. Man strong. Dang sheilas.<br /><br />1:14 - Just noticed that Grierson just ripped himself off with a repeat of the entangled woman under falling water making a bad choice. Can you even rip yourself off in the same flick? Male chauvinism deux?  :-D<br /><br />1:15 - Someone, anyone, call the screenwriting police!<br /><br />And it's over.<br /><br />Underwater scenes were middling to pretty spectacular. And that's about it. The story is derivative, predictable and overwhelmingly underwhelming. One also has to deal with a disturbing fatalism that's woven into the entire film: Gotta keep an eye on those young-ings, lest you get old or injured and can't keep up. I wonder what the Aussie social services are like?<br /><br />Sanctum = Foster's Beer Translation = Movie.bad choice. Can you even rip yourself off in the same flick? Male chauvinism deux?  :-D    1:15 - Someone, anyone, call the screenwriting police!    And it's over.    Underwater scenes were middling to pretty spectacular. And that's about it. The story is derivative, predictable and overwhelmingly underwhelming. One also has to deal with a disturbing fatalism that's woven into the entire film: Gotta keep an eye on those young-ings, lest you get old or injured and can't keep up. I wonder what the Aussie social services are like?    Sanctum = Foster's Beer Translation = Movie.
B004ZH66XO|3.0|Cute graphics, and well put together for what it is; the concept just doesn't appeal to me that much. I don't know, it's just not very fun to me.
B004OGDW4M|5.0|These are well known and wonderful performances.  I have little to add to reviews of other editions of these performances here at amazon.com, except to say that they are dripping with character and spontaneity and that the finale of Sym #3 is under 21 minutes long - just a bit too fast to maximize its effect.<br />This set is adequately rather than wonderfully recorded.<br /><br />In addition to the studio EMI performances of Syms. #1-9, the Adagio to #10, and Das Lied, there are also the gut-wrenching performances of his Live syms. #6 and #7 issued on 3 EMI discs that went OOP a decade ago and now sell used for high prices (that should end soon with this release).  There is also a Live #5.<br /><br />You will want to know about masterings:  For some reason, 2001 remastering of Syms. #1, 2, 3, 5, 9, and 10/adagio are included, but NOT the GROC remasterings of #4 & #8.  Is EMI thoughtless or cheap?  As far as I know, neither of the #6 or the #7s performances were ever remastered.<br />This is a great set and well priced; too bad about the old mastering on #4 & 8.<br />Enjoy.
B0015DROBO|3.0|There are very few novels where the movie is better and this is one of them. Although the author creates one of the most interesting characters ever in Lisbeth, he bogs down the story with multiple plot lines. The main plot , which the movie focuses on is well paced and interesting but the secondary plot of the journalist's battle against an evil corporate CEO is useless and the movie appropriately cuts most of this out. Unfortunately 1/4th of the novel involves this uninteresting storyl line including the end. The main plot is solved with about 150 pages left only to revisit the journalist's revenge against the CEO.<br />With that said, this book is worth reading for the character Lisbeth Salander alone. It gives a more insight into this dark but intelligent person. I only wish the WHOLE story was about her only!
B003Y5H4SO|3.0|Devil had a lot of potential.  I mean, come on- a group of people trapped in an elevator and tormented by the devil?  Well, unfortunately the fact the storyline felt extremely rushed turned out to be its biggest downfall.   It needed about 30 more minutes to build into something truly terrifying, but unfortunately the movie writers apparently thought the storyline was good enough the way it is.      The best part about Devil is easily whenever the lights shut out inside the elevator, this means the devil is about to make an appearance.  At first the cops (who are watching the trapped people from a separate room, thanks to a camera positioned on the elevator ceiling) believe there's a killer among the group, but sadly such a simple explanation is not the case.       I really liked the acting by just about everybody, and all the trapped people seemed to be especially on the money as far as delivering a believable character performance.  I firmly believe however, that devoting more time to expanding the storyline would have bumped my rating from a 3 to a 4, because it's honestly an okay film.  There's definitely a few good twists along the way (not *great* twists by any means) and the final 10 minutes was a complete shocker to me.      By the way, why did everyone in the elevator immediately have a bad attitude?  Are all city folks that way?  I hope not!
B004ZGI2KK|1.0|the set must have cost somewhere between 1 and 2 thousand... or maybe they just used the stage from my old high school theater
B0050DZN4K|5.0|This is a wonderful app, and makes readying news so much more enjoyable.<br /><br />My favorite app on the iPad is Flipbook. Feedly essentially fill that role for me on my Android phone. In fact, I use it much more frequently that my iPad now since I have my phone with me at all time, and not the iPad.<br /><br />The app is able to take all the various blogs, feeds, actually that I subscribed to using Google News Reader, and turn them into a photographic rich, magazine like browsing experience.  The gesture based interface is very smooth and intuitive also.<br /><br />Another app in this space is Pulse. While I would give Pulse 4 stars and I also use it, I find myself using Feedly a lot more. The Feedly interface is more simple and pleasing to look at. Pulse takes a different approach and try to cramp a lot of info into a small space. So, the two apps are useful depending if you want to leisurely read a bunch of stuff (Feedly), or you are trying to monitor a wide range of news sources (Pulse).<br /><br />I highly recommend Feedly.  Nicely done.
B002JCSRKC|5.0|These boots are so light and super comfy.     I purchased them to trudge around campus in on rainy days...good deal. They are somewhat inflexible, but nothing that makes it difficult to walk in.
B00386EZJU|5.0|I'm a writer, and use soundtracks while I write for inspiration. The How to Train Your Dragon CD is most excellent--a wonderful score by John Powell. He has climbed to the top of my most favorite composer list.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|This was the first fantasy book I've read, as I'm not a big fan of the genre. However, this is an amazing book! Martin has created such a clever and creative \\"universe\\", and was just beautifully written. It left me aching to continue in the series with the other books.
B003L77G8I|4.0|Season six was a mixed bag for me at one point. It started really good, but I felt that a couple of episodes towards the middle lost me a little. I am happy to say that the second half of the series returned me to being a true bones fan! We are given another fantastic season finale and a really sad plot. The one thing I did love was the character development and how all the small characters that work on the various investigation are going through their own changes. I would say this series has some of my favourite episodes. The very end of season six has left me desperate to find out what is going to happen in season seven. The story continues to evolve, the characters get better and season six was another amazon season.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Ill say this.<br />I first listened too this album and i had some songs i loved and other i just disliked.<br />But i didn't want too give it a bad review right off the bat.<br />So i waited about a week and would see how i liked it then.<br />&<br />I have decided that this album is a amazing album.<br />This is a well balanced album all around.<br />Its catchy, the tracks flow almost perfectly.<br />Great driving music and very uplifting \\"in my opinion\\"<br /><br />*my point<br /><br />My biggest problem right now has noting too do with the album.<br />It has everything too do with the fans.<br />I don't understand that people just don't get the fact that musicians change their music, their constantly developing into who they are and want to try out new things.<br />This might not be the huge fame monster that everyone was expecting.<br />And what really bugs me is i know for a fact that if she made this album into another fame monster, pretty much exactly the same people would complain and whine just like there doing with this album.<br /><br />I guess what im saying is give it a chance, go in with a open mind.<br />&<br />you going to find you will love this album.
0763644765|5.0|I bought this book for my 2 year old son a couple days ago at an indie book store. We had made some progress in the past with potty training but he had recently lost interest completely. While we were at the bookstore and daddy was being particularly chatty, I looked for something to read to my son and it was getting to be nap time and he was getting antsy. I read it to him once and he immediately asked to go pee potty! While that particular session was not sucessful, I bought the book as it was the first book about going potty that seemed to pique his interest. Sure enough, he had it practically memorized by the end of the evening and we are now back on track in the potty training. Yesterday we had success in all but 2 wet diapers.<br />What I think is different in this book is that it is told from the childs perspective and it is unclear whether it is a boy or a girl. It also made my little boy laugh histerically at the sound effects it encourages. He just loves it!
0061714372|5.0|I am a fan of Megadeth, to say the least. I'm a fan of Heavy Metal and the \\"Big Four\\". I really thought I had known everything about Megadeth's existence. I was far wrong. What Dave Mustaine has provided us, with this book, is the recipe and the ingredients that went into the heavy metal scene of the 80's. It really feels like no detail was left out. The book is very thorough, and very well written. There were several parts of the book that had me rolling in laughter, as Dave described some of the episodes where he and his band mates were really \\"messed up\\". The one factor, though, that stood out for me is the level of honesty. I think Dave did a fantastic job describing the dynamics between his involvement in Metallica, and the dynamics between Megadeth and Metallica. I have a lot of respect for Dave, and respect for the fact that he let us in on a lot private memories/situations/parts of his life. I pretty much read this book straight through, couldn't put it down. Again, very well written.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|There are only a few sitcom comedys in the history of television that are inspired...I Love Lucy, The Honeymooners, The Andy Griffith Show, the Dick Van Dyke Show, Taxi, Cheers, Seinfeld, The Office, and now...Modern Family.  I received the DVD as a gift having never watched the show on TV. There were quite a few \\"Laugh out Loud\\" epsidoes, and some \\"Rolling on the Floor Laughing\\" scenes...but mostly I was impressed with the artistry in the way the episodes are constructed. The acting is great, the writing is great, and the production is great.  It may be too early to nominate this show to join the elite company listed above, but I don't think so. This is a really good comedy series...and I have high hopes that future seasons will love up to the brilliance of the first season.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This is a cool game. It's simple yet challenging all at the same time. And once you finish the game you can go through again with new weapons and try to accomplish all the task. I got it free, but would pay for it.
0439023491|3.0|Better yet, instead of reading the last book just stop with the second book and imagine your own ending.  At least I finished the second book still holding on to the hope that Katniss would truly lead her people to overcome.  Instead, when I finished that last book, \\"Mockingjay\\" I felt betrayed by nightmare ending. It gives little reason to hope that Katniss or the one she eventually marries will have the psychological stamina or wisdom to redeem the trauma of evil abuse and enslavement which they survived. Neither survive with the character of a Nelson Mandela in the aftermath of South African apartheid. We are left instead with two severely scarred people trying to start a new generation. It's a scenario with little hope.  I generally think I can discern some sort of contract about what an author is going to leave me with.  This time I sorely misjudged.
B001DJ7PR8|5.0|It's been decades since I've watched a Woody Allen movie. I remember him as self-obsessed and immature, making film after film about his own neuroses, and I lost interest. So I was surprised by how much I enjoyed this recent phase of his work. It is well produced, clean and straightforward, beautifully photographed. The casting is perfect - especially the fiery Penelope Cruz. And best of all, Woody Allen has finally become a professional auteur who makes structured, superbly crafted films about other people and their life issues, not his own. Perhaps his own rocky path has beaten the narcissism out of him. At age 75, he has matured as an artist. 'Vicky Cristina Barcelona' is a delight.
B0010AN7Z4|1.0|I watched this on the internet and was disturbed that it made light of adultery.  The two things I can say for director Billy Wilder are that he was a clever writer and that he was able to keep your interest.  But this movie left me with a bad feeling, making light of suicide and adultery, and constantly bringing you back and forth between laughter and sadness.  Shirley MacLaine is the saddest character on there, and the only thing Jack Lemmon can suggest for her is that her despair over life will pass.  There's nothing beneficial about this movie, from a moral standpoint, except that Jack Lemmon sacrifices his job at the end in order to be faithful to Shirley MacLaine.
0307887960|4.0|Ive had a little bit of a hard time finding interesting recipies when your diet consist of so much protein.  I am slowly adding some creativity to the foods that you are allowed to eat.  The diets been working great for me lost 13 lbs already and I plan to see it through to the end...God willing...If you have some extra weight to get rid of (always hate to use the word lose here, seems like if I lose it instead of get rid of it it all ways seems to find its way back to me) this is a good diet that anyone could get use to.
0439023513|1.0|If you want to maintain hope for an upbeat ending for Katniss your best bet is to imagine how many generations it takes for the children of holocaust victims to put the scars behind them.  I made a mistake in believing that eventually the Hunger Games series would turn into a story of redemption.  I believed Katniss was one in whom the character would eventually come to the fore that would reject playing a game that involved the murder of others as a price of survival.  I believed that good would out.  I thought there was an implied contract with the author that good would eventually find a way to break through all the evil and that Katniss would lead a rebellion analogous to the allies joining hands to defeat the Nazis in WWII.  Instead what the reader who sticks with this series to the end gets is a story that ends in circumstances that are probably more analogous to the survivors of the Rwandan genocide.  The author then attempts to smooth that over by implying that the children of the survivors will not be too severely scarred.  In other words, if you're hoping to find in this series a story of the triumph of good over evil, you might want to tamp down that hope.  I felt betrayed.  The ending was mostly a nightmare followed by an unsatisfactory epilogue about children being born to the victims who survived.  In the end, there is little reason given to hope that Katniss or her spouse would display the psychological stamina, character or wisdom needed to redeem the trauma of the history of abuse, enslavement and evil through which they had lived by showing the character of a Nelson Mandela in the aftermath of South African apartheid.  What we are left with instead is two severely scarred people trying to start a new generation.  History shows that such a scenario is seldom hopeful.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|Interesting characters.  Unique story.  A great read.  Could not put it down.  Cannot wait for the next book.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|This Album was great! Just what I was looking for. All fo the songs that I hold dear from Mumford and Sons are on it. I would recomend this album to everyone!
0553582038|1.0|I was riveted by \\"Storm of Swords\\" and couldn't wait to dive into \\"Feast of Crows.\\"  Ugh, what a bore.  Everyone we've come to love and love to hate are either dead or mysteriously absent from this volume.  The storyline is shattered, new characters and houses and sers are introduced every chapter and I have absolutely no idea who they are and don't even care.  What a mess and disappointment.  Forget it if you want to know what's happening with Tyrion, Jon, Bran and Daenerys, they don't even show up in this book.  The entire book seems like one long Cersei whine-fest.  I tried but I'm bailing at page 531 and will just wait for the next book to find out what happens to the characters we really care about.
B004DL5K2K|3.0|Like others I have been waiting patiently for the reissue Of Blizzard of Ozz. I wouldn't touch the the remake.Taking out the original drums and bass lines and replacing them with other musicians, because of the dispute and law suite between Bob Daisly (Bass) formally of Rainbow and Lee Kerslake(Drums)of Uriah Heep and the Osbourne camp. If you want to get in site of what took place go under Bob Daisley web site. You will find info,and will be blown away of what took place. Bob is also releasing a book about the whole experience with the Osbourne's     I knew something wasn't right after the original Diary of the Madman was released. It was Produced, music,lyrics, and Musicians  by Ozzy, Randy, Bob, and Lee.Who's photo was on the back cover. Not Bob or Lee. It showed Tommy Aldridge, and Rudy Sarzo instead. They didn't even play a note or contribute on the album.    Bob and Lee was treated with great disrespect,and treated unfairly.The hard work,and Magic,they contributed bring forth two great albums. Besides Ozzy and Randy, there where two others.       Now to the review. I listened to it, and compared it to the original. I liked the original better. Like one review stated, way to much treble for my liking.
B0002Z0EYK|2.0|The Illiad gets Hollywood treatment and loses all poetry and awesomeness and what made it a classic of Western Civilization, not surprisingly. My main beef in addition to the theatrical release lacking any emotional depth or characters I cared about at all was that the story was stripped of its crucial mythological underpinnings. Where are the gods? Homer isn't meant to be real history. It'd be like if they did Lord of the Rings without magical wizards...instead Ian McKellen is an old hermit and there's no magical ring. They're just good northern European medieval people fighting an evil league of Roman Catholics, Turks, Middle Eastern peoples and Africans. Anyway. Yes they think Troy existed but that ain't the point of Homer and as far as realism goes (IF that's what they aimed for..) it didn't successfully flesh out ancient Greek life and war. I recall a scene of thousands of cgi spear carriers running across a field and feeling like you do when you're consciously watching a mundane \\"special effect\\", not something you feel real or compelling. Ex. of realistic type ancient battle is found here--> [[ASIN:B003FZJW7O Braveheart Poster Movie 11x17 Mel Gibson Sophie Marceau Patrick McGoohan Catherine McCormack]] and...here: [[ASIN:B000FJH4X2 Rome: The Complete First Season]]. This Troy movie is a pedestrian sword and sandal battle flick. The battles weren't exciting except for a moment when poor Hector must face Achilles.. you had to feel bad for the guy. Achilles himself came across as almost neurotic and whinny but I still didn't care for him. And I think Pitt is a solid actor. My 2 cents. I'd recommend the amazing Rome: The Complete Series for godless, metaphysical free truly gritty realism. You're in the streets with the plebs smelling the body odor and gagging on the overpowering aroma of the sewage and rotting things and you could get shanked, beaten and robbed or worse... and you're also brought into Machiavellian soap opera intrigues of wicked aristocrats. Heck check out the original Clash of the Titans for some good but unabashedly campy Olympian adventure story fun - Laurence Olivier as Zeus!check out the original Clash of the Titans for some good but unabashedly campy Olympian adventure story fun - Laurence Olivier as Zeus!
0517543052|4.0|As a part of a thorough autodidactic rethinking program during the suggestible years, this tome will be a nice supplement. \\"Branding\\" a spirituality, or hinging everything on an all-in-one guide probably isn't the best idea. Weeding through this and other countercultuarl texts *might* alter your opinions, but application (outside of espousal) doesn't really have an ON/OFF switch. Oh, wait.....   [ ]
B0054IOWTS|5.0|I was pretty dubious for the first 15 minutes or so but after that got sucked right in. Very realistic and all the better for being inspired by real events. I am rarely frightened by movies but this one had me on the edge of my seat a few times.<br /><br />Definitely worth renting and watching at least once!
032147404X|4.0|This book covers everything from wedding to landscape photography and it explains it with great tips. All information is given in a short and simple technique. \\"If this is what you want to do this is how you do it and why you do it that way\\". After reading the book and trying some of the things out my photos got alot better. How ever I wish it discussed focal length and apertures a little more.
B0012GMVQC|5.0|If you have never listened to Jeff Beck...this is a great starter.  Always cosistently inspired in his playing, here, as always, he shows that his chops are completely present and accounted for in any style and genre.  Beck treats his guitar as a voice, and all of his playing announces that touch.  Everything in it is something excellent and well-crafted -- hard and tight rock to funny, then to heartbreakingly beautiful. And for the hot tip... if you have not heard or seen his \\"Live at Ronnie Scott's\\"...don't ask questions, just reach for your wallet.
B004QYZATW|1.0|The Tourist is an awful movie. It is worse than my previous worst, The Thomas Crown Affair with Pierce Brosnan. If you watch The Tourist after reading this review please do not come back to it to tell me I was right. Shame on you for watching what you were warned not to. It was, by far the biggest waste of time in my movie viewing history, please don't let that happen to you.
0316098337|5.0|Compelling is the best adjective to describe Emma Donoghue's Room. A book club selection for June, I procrastinated reading it for a couple of weeks, but once I began reading it, I was captivated by the story itself and by the way the author cleverly added little details to make the story come together. Gradually, the reader pieces together the enough of the dialogue between Jack and his mother to understand what they're doing in Room and how they got there. Will they ever leave?<br /><br />To me, Room is essentially a story about love, the love between Ma and Jack and also about the how earlier love from her parents enabled Jack's mother to \\"rise to the occasion.\\" Her strength and  resilience are largely as a result of the parenting she received when she herself was a child. She even taught Jack that it was polite to say something was \\"interesting\\" when he didn't' like it very much, something that Grandma had taught Jack's mother when she was a child. There's evil in the world, but there's also goodness and love, sweet love.<br /><br />Amazing is another word to describe Donoghue's writing. Somehow she was able to get into the mind of a five-year-old and think the way he thought...even a child who had never been \\"outside.\\" She could also portray the moods, personalities, and concerns of his mother, grandmother, steppa, and grandfather and so vividly describe a scene that the reader felt as though she was there. I saw Jack in the rug in the back of the truck. I saw him lying in the wardrobe. I saw his mother embracing him after the rescue.<br /><br />There were times I had to close the book, like when Jack was rolled up in the rug waiting for Old Nick to come. There were exciting, yet tense moments while the police were looking for the shed. There were also a multitude of sweet moments like Grandmother putting on her bathing suit and getting into the bathtub with Jack. Going to the park with Jack was an adventure. So was the description of the brief beach trip. Even though the ocean was pretty scary to Jack, I loved the description of the frothy waves.<br /><br />What will happen to them? That's the question we asked each other at book club. Are they okay? That's how real they became to us. We think YES, that they've gone on with their lives and that Jack is a stellar student somewhere.pretty scary to Jack, I loved the description of the frothy waves.     What will happen to them? That's the question we asked each other at book club. Are they okay? That's how real they became to us. We think YES, that they've gone on with their lives and that Jack is a stellar student somewhere.
1897093616|5.0|Great book so far, language can be a bit difficult at times, exciting    Bought this book (not this exact version, it's a Barnes & Noble classics version) 4 or so days ago and I absolutely love it. It's engaging and I just find the 1700s and pirates/sailing really interesting. It can be a little difficult to understand some of the writing, being as it was written in the 1820s or 30s I think, and sometimes Stevenson uses phrases and figures of speech that are definitely not used anymore, but with context you can usually figure out what they mean. I am well into part 2 (out of 6), and the main characters are right about to leave port for the first time. Even before the actual sailing has started, the book is exciting. If you like adventure or pirates, I highly recommend it.    Alex
B004XDYJRU|1.0|This  is one piss poor app. It won't let me stream more than 30 seconds regardless if WiFi or 3g is being used. This was a worthless purchase in my opinion. I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone.
B000L212HC|2.0|Set in turn-of-the-century London (with a side trip to Colorado), this is the story of two stage magicians locked in a bitter rivalry.  We found the story hard to follow.  It often seemed unclear who was who and who was doing what to whom.  The story at times veered off into love interests, but they too were a little confusing, poorly done, and bland, adding nothing to the story.  Except for Michael Caine's supporting role, the characters never came to life, and we had no reason to care about them.  My wife's reaction:  watch it again someday to see if it makes more sense on a second viewing.  My reaction:  Put it in the yard sale box.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|The game itself is nice like the one on other platforms. However, it is very unstable (at least on my Galaxy S). The game would restart itself from times to times (not too often, but could still be annoying). If a call comes in during the game, the game will either (a) restarts when the call ends or (b) resumes from where it was when the call came in. That's not too bad considered that case (b) is the best case and in case (a) you would only lost the level you were playing. I would have given it at least a 4 stars (5 minus 1 for being unstable) if what has just happened didn't... A call came in while I was playing. This time the game restarted when the call ended, but it lost all the game data. That means the \\"Quick Play\\" mode went back to locked even though I already unlocked it through the adventure mode. All of the achievements were gone as well. Well, what can I say? It just sucks when that happens... and hence the 2 stars. Annoying restarts are annoying but are acceptable up to a certain point (that is, until it lost the game data)...
0307279189|4.0|As a runner myself, I didn't know what to expect before I read this book.  Was this book going to teach you running techniques?  Was it a story about running?  Or maybe a book to introduce people to a running lifestyle?  As it turns out, the answer was all of the above.<br /><br />Christopher McDougall introduces an indigenous group in Mexico you've probably never heard of: the Tarahumara.  For some reason, the Tarahumara are extraordinary at running, comparable to even the best marathoners in the West.  Mr. McDougall, being an avid runner himself, goes down to Mexico to find out their secret.  This seemingly clear task branches off into an adventure that concludes with a 50-mile ultramarathon featuring some of the best ultramarathoners from America racing against the Tarahumara.  Mr. McDougall does a great job telling this story so as to be interesting to runners and non-runners alike.  The story includes some shocking results from scientific research that may change the way you view running in general.<br /><br />Whether you're an avid runner looking to improve his or her technique, or just someone looking for a great story to read, Born to Run is a page-turner that I believe can be enjoyed by anybody.  However, non-runners may have a strong urge to go run after reading this incredible story.
B003UESJHE|5.0|Our extended family has played this three times and is still getting pleasure from this \\"True Story\\".  The writing, acting, and production is of the highest quality every moment.  The Blue Ray makes our top-of-the-line HDTV come alive.  This disc will never be traded in.  This is a very-unique theatrical production: It sucks you in -- because the deep characters are so easily understood.
B004RJMUJO|4.0|hi i love this game. it is so fun but there are bugs in arcade mode where you can get a frenzy but no fruit come out of the sides when the flares go off. the fruit final come at the very end and all it is is like 6 fruit. please fix
1589795474|5.0|book was almost brand new.  Not the best reading, but helps to think a little differently.   Some parts I agree with some I don't.
0061134007|3.0|With reviews like the ones this book received I was quite surprised at its mediocrity. I haven't read many Norwegian mysteries but I certainly don't think \\"The Redbreast\\" even compared with Mankell's \\"Return of the Dancing Master\\" which is also written about WWII and present times - or with any of Michael Connelly's mysteries. I didn't hold it against the book for the first 100 pages because I was forewarned. I loved the characters and the WWII/NeoNazi details. However, when I finished the book, I felt like I had been wandering lost through a complicated maze, relieved to reach the end. I will read \\"The Nemesis\\" before I give up, but it will have to be better than \\"The Redbreast\\" to get my vote.
B0019IIPXQ|5.0|I haven't seen a bad movie that Vin Diesel has been in yet. This is one is one of my favorite movies which I watch over and over. There is no question about it this was a superb movie and should have gotten more awards. The directing was excellent and the storyline was right on target. The actors in this movie were all very professional and their performance in this movie was A+. Very enjoyable to watch all the way through. I would recommend this movie to anyone.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this movie. I laughed so hard! It takes several viewings to catch everything. I highly recommend it!
B004GYY714|5.0|Nothing negative about this app. Has a nice interface and a huge selection of stations. I used this app to listen to the NBA playoffs when I wasn't able to watch them. Worked nearly perfectly. Also you don't need your headphones plugged in to use it.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|If I've seen this movie once, I've seen it a million times! I used to have the set on VHS but never went out and got the set on DVD again for some reason... even though I no longer have a VHS player.<br /><br />First of all, I bought this item because I just love the trilogy and had to have it... couldn't always wait till they showed it on TV! Plus they always show it at some bizarre time during a week day! (Not really worth getting the talking to from the boss because you showed up to work as a sleep deprived mindless zombie over a movie!)<br /><br />Secondly, after reading some of the reviews and their comments on how these movies were restored and how the picture and sound are pin sharp and such, I thought that it would be as if I was seeing it for the very first time... I guess my expectations were very high at first! But To be honest they were right... once you actually ignore the movie and focus on the image... you do notice it.. you don't see any of those fuzzy objects, blotches, and dust that shows on film or VHS tape... it is clear in that sense. In terms of the sound, it is a lot more audible especially when the characters speak in low voices, in the past you had rewind and crank the volume up to hear the dialogue... not the case with this restored version.<br /><br />Thirdly, I always prefer buying movies in complete sets, even though I think that Godfather III was not up to par with the other two! Hey, it doesn't hurt to have it in there, especially at the Amazon price!<br /><br />Fourthly, the price definitely makes it an obvious choice! Three classic movies for an amazing price in one pack!<br /><br />Can't complain really about anything with this item and I am generally very pleased with it and recommend it to any true fan of the trilogy.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|To make my point, I have never felt compelled to write a review about anything. Well, Spartacus has changed that! Don't deny yourself from watching this series. I can't think of another series that has captured my interest as much as Blood and Sand. The acting is amazing and the story is unpredictable. Andy Whitfield is a genius actor, his part is agonizingly painful yet glorious at the season's closure.    Blessings to Andy for a full recovery, your talents are amazing - we love you!
030758660X|3.0|When I got this book I expected it to be mostly for teens and that's what I was counting on. A few of my friends daughters had asked me to make them something after I picked up knitting because they really like handmade things and I thought something from this book would be right up their alley. I had hoped that there would be more actual garments in this book though. The only sweater in the whole book is for a guy. Everything else are accessories from various types of scarves, gloves and socks. Whereas they are cute and I think the girls I'm knitting for would appreciate them, I know they would much prefer something to wear regularly, not just an accessory to wear with something else. I do think the book is well layed out with clear instructions and pictures but it would be much better if they had patterns for more sweaters, tops or bottoms at least.
B004ZH66XO|2.0|This became very boring very fast. It's just the same old thing. Moving your fingers around.  It's hard to see under under your finger.   Stopped playing after 5 minutes.
0316056863|4.0|A fun little book from Tina Fey. I really enjoyed it. My one complaint would be that Tina Fey goes for the cheap sexual humor too often. I think the best comedy is that which doesn't go into the gutter and Fey can get laughs without going there.
0307346617|5.0|The zombies are fun. But it's humanity's reaction to the horror that is most riveting. By putting humans thru the ringer we get to see the worst and best of all that makes us unique as a species.
B002ZG99CC|5.0|I love this movie! Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan are great together!! I thought this movie was funny and also had serious parts where Chan and Smith bond together as Jaden's character learns about Chan's character's family.  This is a great family movie and would recommend it to anyone!
B001PPLIEG|2.0|. . . or, that's what I sensed.  I could not connect with the character - James Bond - in this movie.  For me, it was as though he was a hard, unfeeling bot.    With the editing and screenplay, I thought the movie was trying to copy the Bourne movies - especially where they made a lot of quick cuts to create a scene.  I do not think their style of editing worked very well.    James Bond *is* James Bond - they have no need to copy anyone else.    I have enjoyed James Bond since Sean Connery first played in Dr. No.  And I would own all of the James Bond movies - except for this one.  Frankly,I have no desire to own this DVD - no matter what the price.
B002K0WBXW|1.0|I found this movie very predictable that they were going to fall in love at the end.  And find it hard to believe that they would actually fall in love over those few days at his parents house. I don't know.... it just doesn't seem like they spent enough time togather to of fallen in love.  Like Jack and Rose from Titanic you could tell that they really loved each other over those few days, but I didn't get that sense of true love from this movie.
B0050PYNO4|5.0|I thought it was hilarious. I loved how they threw in religon. They did all the usual stuff. God created everything, blah blah blah, they even threw in some speaking in tongues. And paul responds with some of the most generic responses out there.  I liked a lot of the actors and actresses, they only added to the enjoyment.    I think it is important to note that all of the 1/5 star ratings all focus on how the film attacks religion/creationism.
0307591549|4.0|In summary, the book has 7 points:<br />1. Happy people has advantage; happier at workplace etc.<br /><br />2. You can't change reality, but you can change how you process the world.<br /><br />3. If one has a negative outlook on things that is a habit.  A pattern that can be broken.<br /><br />4. When facing crisis, one has to find a path that leads us from failure to a place of strength.<br /><br />5. Limit your focus to small, manageable goals to gain greater control and power.<br /><br />6. We can form new habits if we make it easy to do the right thing and hard to do the wrong thing.<br /><br />7. Support of friends and family is important.
1840220554|5.0|Love the book. I like all of her main works all together in one book. I received it quickly and in the condition advertised.
B00007J34J|1.0|The only thing this DVD plays is a message saying it cannot be played in this region.<br />No where when I purchased this did it say this would not play in the USA...
B001QTXM5Y|3.0|So I purchased the Watchmen, because I loved the film when I first saw it in theaters. The reason I am giving the product only a 3 star rating is because of the crap that WB pulled with the digital version. Now I did not buy the film for the digital version I just thought it would be a nice thing to have a copy on my computer and possibly put it on my Ipod. The problem is that if you order the copy now the digital copy has expired and the code that is used to access the copy will no longer work. So in short, Great movie, good product, crap pulled by the company
B00514HDNW|5.0|This short, creepy vampire novel is such a seminal work it is impossible to count the number of books and movies it eventually inspired, including much of the current zombie mania. The book is about a lot of things, from existential dread to evolution itself. Matheson is the author Stephen King credits as his inspiration, and with good reason. If you haven't read \\"I Am Legend,\\" grab this, you will thank us. If you have, read it again, with the history in mind. This was an absolutely amazing piece of work from a master at the peak of his powers...and it holds up brilliantly.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|\\"Super 8\\" is brilliant! This is how the story goes: In the summer of 1979, a group of friends in a small Ohio town witness a catastrophic train crash while making a super 8 movie and soon suspect that it was not an accident. Shortly after, unusual disappearances and inexplicable events begin to take place in town, and the local Deputy tries to uncover the truth - something more terrifying than any of them could have imagined.    The cast led by Kyle Chandler (as Jackson Lamb) & Elle Fanning (as Alice Dainard) is excellent. The story, screenplay & directing by J.J. Abrams (who also produced) is excellent.    The music by Michael Giacchino is excellent. The cinematography by Larry Fong is excellent. The film editing by Maryann Brandon & Mary Jo Markey is excellent. The casting by Alyssa Weisberg & April Webster is excellent. The production design by Martin Whist is excellent. The art direction by David Scott & Domenic Silvestri is excellent. The set decoration by Fainche MacCarthy is excellent. The costume design by Ha Nguyen is excellent. The visual effects by ILM (Industrial Light & Magic) are brilliant. The creature design by Neville Page is brilliant.    This is a brilliant film that superbly harkens back to Steven Spielberg classics, like \\"E.T\\" & \\"Close Encounters Of The Third Kind\\", ironically, Spielberg produced this film. This is a well-crafted original story that keeps you entertained and on the edge of your seat while your heart races at a faster rate. This is J.J. Abrams' best film of his career, so far. This is also the best movie of the summer and of the year, so far.
B00009TB5G|5.0|This was a must have for my collection. The price was excellent. I received it quickly and in better than expected condition PERFECT.  I love how it has the Elvin translations and all the scenes.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Works great on my Samsung Epic. Very happy and is worth the money!  Don't worry about the haters. Plays great and smooth.
B00003003R|5.0|here is a list of things you cant do without this, rock, live, rock, head bang, rock, drive, rock, breathe, rock, ect.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|loved this series, had the series on dvd, but needed the movie. Came in good time in good shape  Thanks
1603090002|5.0|I am a massive fan of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen series, not only because it contains some of my favourite fictional characters, but because the art is top notch and it is so skilfully written (after all, this is by Alan Moore, the genius behind Watchmen). The League is the only fictional series I know that actually gets better with each next instalment, which means that Century #1: 1910 is the best League book released so far (of course, I know that Century #2: 1969 will be even better, but it's coming out next month).<br />This instalment of LoEG features Mina Murray and Allan Quatermain, who have been the two protagonists in every League volume. Only two decades after the Victorian league was torn apart, marvellous Mina has formed a new league whose line-up features Quatermain, a foxy ladyboy named Orlando, the psychic detective Tom Carnacki and gentleman theif A.J. Raffles. The second Muarray league has two missions: to find out who is behind the murders of several different women, and to prevent Oliver Haddo from creating a 'Moonchild', which can potentially end the world. But, as with any Alan Moore book, the plot is much more complex than that. Even though Mina and Allan are partners, they still enjoy kinky sex with Orlando (which is even kinkier, when you think about it, because Orlando can change genders). Meanwhile, Janni Dakkar, the beautiful daughter of Captain Nemo, takes up a job as a cleaner in a seedy pub, when she is suddenly raped by two drunks. Janni, now called 'Jenny Diver', is looking for a way to seek revenge...<br />The book ends with a prose appendix called 'Minions of the Moon'. The prose section of Century #1: 1910 is quite entertaining, if you don't get overwhelmed by Moore's notoriously purple prose. It tells the story of Mina, who is sent to the Moon to help its natives make peace with each other, and also of Allan and the female Orlando, who indulge in games of submission and dominance in a Parisian secret society; there isa very, VERY sexy scene-- where Allan feels up Orlando in a limousine-- that left my loins tingling, my heart racing and my brain begging for more. Better still, Minions of the Moon will be continued in the other two books that make up Century.<br />This book is absolutely fantastic, masterfully crafted and highly entertaining. However, it includes plot elements which will come as spoilers unless you have read the previous three volumes. But if you've finished off Vol. 1, Vol. 2 and The Black Dossier and enjoyed doing so, then by all means buy this book.
B004RKC4PI|2.0|5 Stars for the great music on here, but have to take 3 of them back, as Aerosmith now has more greatest hits packages than Lionel Richie. What is really bad here, is  that this is supposed to be a ballads album, but \\"Rag Doll?\\" Please. It's a fast song, just like Janie's Got A Gun. This is more of an attempt at Stand Up Comedy than anything else. I have given up hope of a new Aerosmith album. I like the ballads, and I like their \\"Sellout\\" 1990's period, but I would like an Aerosmith album that rocked like the 1970's. I just don't think they have it left in them.
B000L3CHC0|4.0|I like the style and feel of it on my wrist. Even my friends were amazed by its look. Performance is good except for the change of day at 11:25 pm.
1401223176|5.0|My husband has been wanting this one for a while. The price and timing alined just right. He was surprised and quite pleased. It came quickly and I gave it to him early for his birthday. Sometimes I wish things didn't come so quickly. ;)
B0013D8LG8|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie even though I cry everytime. Sean Connery is still a hunk in my book and love to hear him talk.I usually watch it at least once a day. I enjoyed Julia Ormand. I had not seen her before.Lately I seem to be enjoy this type of movies. Would recommend to anyone who likes these actors and this genre.
B004Q84YFY|5.0|IT TOOK ME ALONG TIME TO PICK OUT A FAVORITE ALBUM FROM ABBA TO ZZ TOP. I LOVE MY MUSIC. HAVE MANY CD'S FROM DIFFERENT ARTIST. WHEN HEARING STICKY FINGERS BY THE ROLLING STONES, IT TOOK ME AWHILE TO ADJUST TO THE SONGS. WHEN I DID THIS WAS MY FAVORITE ALBUM OF ALL TIME. STEVE HOFFMAN BETTER GET THE RIGHTS TO THE MASTER TAPES SO THERE CAN BE A GOLD VERSION OF IT OR MFSL. THE DSD MASTERING OF THE CD IS BETTER THAN THE EARLIER STONES ON SHM-SACD. WHICH WERE USED FROM OTHER SOURCE TAPE AND NOT THE ORIGINAL. STICKEY FINGERS WAS MASTERED FROM THE ORIGINAL ANALOG MASTER TAPES TO GET THE BEST SOUND QUALITY. IT SURE DID IMPROVE FROM THE SHM-CD VERSION OF STICKY FINGERS.
B0054IOWTS|2.0|Other than the one interesting aerial shot of the cave which you see in the trailers over and over again, and a few moments of father-son bonding, almost nothing else in this movie is worth watching. It looks and feels bad all the way to the end. You don't really identify with any of the characters (famous or not), and what's happening (or will happen) to them. Mostly closeup shots taken in dark and confined places only effectively convey the claustrophobic pain to the viewer, but none of the adventure, excitement or anything to satisfy your sense of curiousity about this darned cave. Don't fall for the name 'James Cameron'. He probably had very little to do with it. He allowed his name to be used for marketting purposes - or is getting too old and tired these days. The movie seems to have been produced in a big hury just to sell tickets while we still remember Avatar believing that maybe it's going to be another masterpiece by James Cameron.
B000E1ZBGS|3.0|This DVD came and the box of it was absolutely disgusting. It looked like it had been given to a dog/cat to play with as a chew toy....and there was some kind of white substance that was gooey that was on it. The DVD itself worked fine....but the case was nasty. Probably wouldn't buy from this seller again....
B004I1AGTM|5.0|THe legend of Ip Man continues in part 2 when he moves to Hong Kong and tries to make a life for himself and his family. I would never spoil but this movie is just about a good as the first one and the character is continue with faithfulness to the first movie. If you like the first movie, by all means; don`t stop there! Continue here.
B000001EUN|3.0|In this album there are only 2 good tracks. The zoo + Animal Magnetism. The other songs are too average or even bad. This is definitely not one of their best albums. Only for collectors of Scorpions.
B0042RUMH8|5.0|This album caught my eye in Target and I purchased it and am so glad I did. Every song on this cd is a hit! Especially On The Floor and Into You. J-Lo rocks all the way! I even have her earlier album ON THE 6 and I recommend it to all you other J-Lo fans! It has many of her earlier classic hits on it!!! I am so happy I have two J-Lo cds. They really jam!!!
B00006WKY9|4.0|Its a very good album with really rock songs. THe first half album is really great with the adrenaline be high and great rock melodies. The second half is just ok. Its a must album for Scorpions fans and for people who like rock.
0811876373|5.0|This trendy baking book is fantastic for novices and experts alike!     The recipes are as easy as 123 - just use a box of cake mix, a can of icing, and a bag of candy melts. Then, make the embellishments as simple or intricate as you like.    I found that my confidence built quickly with Bakerella's baking tips and decorating inspiration. I can now make cake pops for any occasion, even when they involve strangers.     If you have time to dedicate to the task, I believe Bakerella's cake balls are as much fun to make as they are to eat.    (Note: The spiral bound pages are difficult to turn, but the hard cover will atleast keep the pages protected.)
B000002L7J|4.0|The jangling objectivism of The Smiths discovers an idiosyncratic union of whimsical observation and threatened privacy in the strikingly lucid yet strangely detached alternative-pop songs of Meat is Murder. Their soundworld is one of feeling from a safe distance, hidden away in the solitude of peripheral shadows from where its intense sense of awareness forms penetrating insights into a barren existence of cruel abandonment and casual hostility. Each song is a fixed idea of the defining concept of sound as worldview, completely unified in its isolated perception, resulting in individual songs of immediate identity despite relying on the same basic formula of design and expression.    \\"And when I'm lying in my bed  I think about life  and I think about death  and neither one particularly appeals to me\\"    Its fundamental idea is the direct quality of a simple, catchy melodic idea, a single defining melody running through each song with subtle variations and alterations, none of which disturb the foundational motion and mood of the song, which is penultimate and cherished as sacred. The chemistry is almost purely intuitive between guitarist Johnny Marr's sublime flourishes of sparkling clarity and singer Morrissey's gentle, introverted vocal melodies sung with a stoic sense of resignation, a sort of delicate, sexually ambiguous intonation suggestive of protected emotional sensitivity through a withdrawn tone of separation as a crucial method of personal survival, occasionally morphing into bizarre ululations as in \\"The Headmaster Ritual\\". Rhythmic simplicity of continuous, repetitive motion supports this interaction, following strict constructions designed to be as unobtrusive as possible to the drama of lead guitar and vocal melody, with a rare moment of emphasis in the isolated funky bass line and slightly more active percussion closing \\"Barbarism Begins at Home\\".    \\"when you laugh about people who feel so very lonely  their only desire is to die  well, I'm afraidit doesn't make me smile\\"    Witty and literary lyrical observations on social, political, and personal themes are framed in a forlorn ideology, an emotional vulnerability and despondent seriousness that becomes severely guarded in the distrustful and blissfully tormented \\"That Joke Isn't Funny Anymore\\", while the maudlin vegetarian anthem of the closing title track oversteps a boundary of artistic morality that is oddly, even disturbingly, out of this band's expressive context. The doleful hypnosis emerges from the mutual reflection of Morrissey's thoughtful, amusing misery and the economical arrangements, holding any kind of excess as anathema to its perspective. Meat is Murder offers no comforting fabrications, nor does it care much about stirring up some kind of inspirational excitement within its audience, as its reductive simplicity is an enhancement of its expressive desolation, and while the music can occasionally exude a vague impression of the ethereal, its primary intention is to document a particular insight into mortal anxiety.
0300169787|5.0|I like to call myself a huge fan of Lee and this book met a high standard. There are huge full colored images of his finest pieces and the cover is remarkably a wonderful visual. For the price it costs, it sure is worth every penny (if not more). I highly recommend it if your a true MCQueen fan and want to own a piece of his genius legacy. Don't take my word for it, but judge for yourself....
1400052181|5.0|Rebecca Skloot's book is a deeply fascinating account of the extraordinary story of Henrietta Lacks. It is extensively researched and compulsively readable. I highly recommend it.   Pair it with Medical Muses for two books that approach medicine through the often neglected stories of patients.  I highly recommend it.
B004ZH66XO|5.0|This game is pretty fun. It's nice and simple. Great casual game. Not sure if I'd buy it if it wasn't free today, but it looks like there's a lot of levels so it should have a lot of game play. No problems on my G2x.
B001FB55I0|5.0|For those who love the Terminator franchise, this will be one more in a great line of flicks.  For those who have not followed this film series before, this will be only a decent action scifi offering.  Sam Worthington puts forth a solid performance as Marcus Wright the man who becomes machine and yet somehow remains a man.  Christian Bale's intensity as John Connor does not disappoint in communicating the weight, seemingly resting upon one man's shoulders, of saving humanity from the machine intelligence Skynet.  Great special effects including some gargantuan machines wreaking various levels of havoc make it exciting.  Terminator Salvation is a dependable addition to a movie collection for the scifi enthusiast.
B004XIQIPQ|5.0|It must be said before than anything else that the Arctic Monkeys' new record is really influenced (if you ask me) by the 60's music and everything it was heard back then. This doesn't necessarily mean that they went all pop here. You can still listen to some tunes that remind us to their first 2 albums. \\"Brick by brick\\", \\"Library pictures\\", \\"Don't sit down...\\", and \\"All my own stunts\\" are the heavy ones in here. Actually the single \\"Don't sit down...\\" reminds me by moments to Nirvana's days when grunge used to be real. Great tune. Now, if you ever listened to the first records of the Beatles or at least heard of them in their \\"commercial\\" days before they became the band that influenced the rest of the bands all around the world you'll be please with the rest of the songs. I would say that \\"She's thunderstorm\\" and \\"Black treacle\\" are a couple of great tracks where the Monkeys sound really comfortable on what they play. Now from track 8 on (from \\"Reckless serenade\\" to \\"That's where you're wrong\\") you'll just listen pure 60's sound in every single song. My personal favorite is \\"Piledriver waltz\\". This song has a fresh and exciting vibe of a pure pop song that for only God knows why it reminds me to The Smiths.<br /><br />\\"Suck it and see\\" is not a \\"rock come back\\" from the Arctic Monkeys for all those fans who have whinned about that this record is a dissapoinment. The beauty of any good band (recalling \\"The Cure and Radiohead\\" here as the FINEST examples) is that it can be able to change styles and go back and forth in one way or another in every album it's been released. Now if fans aren't able to understand and to adapt to that then they were never fans at all of the band itself. Just a bunch of kids who felt in love with a song or an album at the moment. Just like a crush a guy or a girl can have for whoever is found in their way but the nezt day this person is meant to be forgotten. You know, real appreciation and love is hard to find in people these days wheter we talk about music or anything else. Good job Monkeys!we talk about music or anything else. Good job Monkeys!
B002N1AF7W|5.0|I first came across the music in the early eighties and it has fascinated me ever since. Yes, there are lots of pieces which just repeat over and over again - so it will suit everybody's taste - but even after all those years it still sounds fresh to me and this is certainly the mark of a good work.
B004J4WQ46|5.0|Recently I read on Q magazine an interview with the band and according to what I read it's pretty obvious that they are going through some issues now. Casablancas doesn't seem to accept (eventhough he denies it) the fact that the rest of the members are willing to contribute with the band sounds and to write as well songs for it. I think these struggles and the fact that it took 5 years for this album to be released are heard in the album from beggining to end. This is to me the first \\"real record\\" from The Strokes and that is exactly why I loved it. Here you can listen to songs that I would've never imagined they could play (\\"Machu picchu\\", \\"You're so right\\") but I also find Casablancas establishing his raw senses in rock on other tracks like \\"Under cover of darkness\\" or \\"Taken for a fool\\" (the best song of the album if you ask me).<br /><br />I won't go again through the whole \\"fans refusal to accept Angles\\" thing, but I would say that The Strokes are trying to find a new direction and a new identity as a band. They don't want to be rock and roll \\"per se\\" anymore but they don't want to sound \\"pop-sell out\\" either. I just hope that they can solve their personal issues going on inside the band and to Casablancas to loose the \\"control freak\\" attitude towards the band itself (as it was suggested without accepting it by the rest of the band members in the interview I read at Q).
B004X2M3SI|4.0|This review/comment is a tad rambling, so forgive me.<br /><br />I've been watching Dr. Who for well near 25 years now, and it seems that Matt Smith's doctor (or quite possibly the writers) are not really expanding or deepening the Doctor with this incarnation. Don't get me wrong, the story lines are interesting and I continue to run to my computer every Sunday morning (although today I am disappointed, as \\"A good man goes to war\\" has not yet posted for viewing).  The effects and pace of the new Doctor Who series definitely keep you engaged through entire episodes. Still, I'm left slightly nostalgic for the slower, more thoughtful days of the Doctor.<br /><br />As another reviewer pointed out, he seems to have become less mature this season. But then, is it possible that this is on purpose? Think back to the first doctor, and go forward. Is it possible that Time Lords are intended to get younger and less mature each time they regenerate? There are flaws in that logic, but stretched and re-explained a bit, one could make that argument.<br /><br />I hope they keep Paterson Joseph in mind when casting the next doctor. I believe he might add a bit more depth and maturity to the doctor, if anybody who watches the Survivors might imagine (but Peep show viewers know that he can keep us laughing, too!). Of course, as the show has now become somewhat hip, the target audience may want a fast and flashy Doctor.<br /><br />If so, they will be pleased with this season.
B0034G4OXQ|2.0|This movie takes too long to get interesting. The three storylines drag, and while the ending is clever, it is not satisfying. My biggest problem with the script is that the French reporter's near death experience is so quick and vague, it is hard to believe she would be THAT obsessed with it. Now, if she had done more than just see quick blurry visions of people walking towards light, it would be more believable. For example, if she had actually GONE to Heaven (or whatever you call it; I prefer the Other Side), met deceased loved ones, etc, it would have made more sense that she wants to tell the story of what happened to her. There was so much more that Eastwood could have explored with this movie, if he had actually delved into the subject.
B002ZG98C8|1.0|This film(?) was difficult to rate.  I laughed through half and was disgusted with the rest. I suppose Rodriquez could say this mess was a parody but the racist tone was not at all appreciated.  Oh well, there's always the gratuitous t&a, a bloated Steven Seagal complete with samurai sword and a 'neked' Lindsey Lohan.
0470932139|5.0|I read the whole book and it is such a valuable resource for taking food photos.  I love the conversational style of writing because it gets to the point. I give the content and photos 5 stars. I would give the print quality and book design 3 stars. The print quality is not the most clearest and sometimes when photos are compared to show a concept, it isn't as obvious. For example, the section on ISO ranges. They all look grainy to me because of the poor print quality. I feel with such gorgeous photos, the layout design doesn't compliment much. But what is most important is the book's content and that is superb, so that is why I give the overall rating a 5 star.
0756404738|3.0|This book was good but nowhere near the level that The Name of the Wind was. There is far too much mooning over Drenna that left me feeling a bit annoyed.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This game is a ton of fun and has great replay value. played this instead of ps3 sometimes! Ps crazy dave is my uncle
0061122416|5.0|This book is an eye opener for the youth, to a great reminder of those of us at any age or time in our life. Open it, read it, over,& over again. I give this as gifts & have never heard anything in the negative. It is informative, touches the heart & soul, & lets the mind work in ways that you never thought words on a page could do for you.READ IT!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Even better than the PC game because there is no green house to suck away my life. Plus o got it for free!
B004N44SOI|5.0|\\"This is gonna hurt\\" is the second, brand new album by \\"Sixx A.M.\\", the band of \\"Motley Crue\\" mastermind and bassist Nikki Sixx. Much like its predecessor \\"The heroin diaries\\", the new album is based on the auto-biographical book of the same name.<br /><br />On this second studio effort Nikki reunites with lead guitarist James Michael and lead singer DJ Ashba who also handles keyboards, drums and programming.  With a stable line up you can rightfully expect the same musical recipe of the debut. For that matter you get a rather modern version of Sleaze metal emphasizing instrumental melodies and vocal harmonies with intriguing arrangements, often adding orchestral parts, acoustic backing instruments and piano. Above all, the end result is incredibly catchy, offering some of the most memorable hooks. Favourite tracks include \\"Help is on the way\\", \\"This is gonna hurt\\", \\"Lies of the beautiful people\\", \\"Live forever\\" and \\"Goodbye my dear friends\\".<br /><br />Indeed \\"This is gonna hurt\\" is another well arranged offering from Sixx's band that definitely stands on its own regardless of whether the listener has actually read the book counterpart. Each song has such a developed musical personality standing differentiated from the rest and it is this quality that makes the album an enjoyably listen from start to finish; perhaps making one wish that the band included more songs on it. \\"This is gonna hurt\\" is a must for any fan of Sleaze metal, \\"Motley Crue\\", \\"Bad City\\" or \\"Black veil Brides\\".
B004SBQAN8|2.0|I liked the book and HATE the movie... I say hate because I am currently in the middle of it on demand and had to stop because it was so painful to watch. They made to many changes that I didn't agree with and then parts that I would have expected to see... the visions of home, the story of why they are after them in the first place, none of it was really there.     The biggest complaint I have is the relationship between Henri and John is NOTHING like the book. In the book the part I LOVED was the loving honest relationship between them and in the movie hes just a brat kid who wont do what hes told. Not to mention that they only look to be about a 10 year age difference in the characters. In the beginning when I first saw Henri I was like really?...who would think thats his dad?     (Spoiler Alert)  Then the way they portray Sam, like a kid that ONLY SOMETIMES has a problem with his fathers alien abductors... He knows John is an alien and yet just texts him and says \\"Hey come on over I know what you are\\" and they talk??? In the book Sam is scared out of his mind and with good reason... he just found out that his friend is an ALIEN... as far as he knows could be the ones who abduct his father.   (Spoiler over)     Geeze very disappointing so far.     I hope to be able to change my review but so far this is a total waste of money and time.
B000001FY9|5.0|i got the cd way before they said i would ....that was nice ....and in the good shape they said it would be. i was very pleased with the service
B004ISVH7U|5.0|this is a really nice collection of the best album ever released by Simon & Garfunkel. Not only do you get the cd, but also the dvd about how this collection came to be.Although I have had the original album for 40 years, I never really knew how they achieved such a fantastic background effect...get this and you too will find out.
B000935TV8|5.0|It was quite amazing that it took me 30 years before Rameau came into my conscious awareness. Well - I was not quite into baroque music - but this CD changed my perception of baroque music quite dramatically.     This CD took me completely by surprise since I chanced upon it, and I have been listening to it almost non-stop for the past 2 days. The music, the performance and the recording is so superb that it deserves to be on a class of its own. The recording is done so superbly that it brings many so called \\"audiophile\\" recordings to shame.
B004VFYOA2|1.0|For the ones that are trying to justify this crap, no, we the Whitesnake lovers, as I'm since the late 70's, I'm 45 right now, have no excuse to accept such a poor video material in a form on an official release, shame on Coverdale to release this such a crappy poor material like that, period...Why not releasing it as a bonus DVD in their previous DVD, as a collector pack or whatever, knowing of that poor quality??? That will be 100% fair, but this crap (video wise, do not misunderstood me, the material itself is indeed IMO excellent, not the best Whitesnake, but very good) this is unacceptable in the 21st century...and we are not snobbish, as someone called us, we are very consequent with the demands of today's market, and BTW Whitesnake has a lot better eras than this one, a bunch of top notch musicians, did not made Whitesnake what it is today...see the early Whitesnake concerts from the 70's and see what their music is about, music, it is not about a show off, or impressive solos, or clothing, or nice brushed hair, it is about the band as a whole with feeling...    For the ones that are not satisfied, just simply make a copy, keep it in some drawer for a day that you are drunk and want to see something different, and resell the original while you still can, some may say it is illegal, but to me, stealing my money like that, in such a crappy product is also illegal...    PS: I'm a huge fan of Vai, have all his albums and videos as well, but I feel that he was a way too much for what was indeed needed in Whitesnake to sound like Whitesnake at that time, IMO a waste of talent...just my humble opinion...
B003Y74AZ2|4.0|I am a huge fan of AmazonBasics products - Amazon's simple,high value solutions to things their customers want. This silicone iPhone 4 case does not disappoint and easily rivals cases costing $25 and up.    The fit is excellent as is the level of protection. The texture is just smooth enough, not sticky or tacky,to interfere with sliding in your suit or pants pocket.    Home run. Highly recomended.
B000OPOAJS|4.0|Please describe the audio and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.<br /><br />The video quality wasn't great, but not terrible.  I watched it a couple of nights ago.  I think I was going to give it an 8.0 on a 10 point scale.  The DTS-HD Master Audio was great.
B000HWZ4A2|5.0|This is a great movie, staring Gary Cooper and Patricia Neal. The movie is based on the book of the same title by Ann Rand. It gives an example of how her philosophy of Objectivism can apply in life situations. The movie does a good job of depicting Rand's philosophical beliefs. The acting is excellent.
0307454541|5.0|I've been meaning to pick up this title for a while, since it seemed as if everywhere I went people were talking about it, both in the U.S. and abroad. I didn't expect it to be as...haunting...as it turned out to be, but let me say that I am very content that I picked up the title.<br /><br />The book begins by introducing the reader to three main characters: Mikael  Blomkvist, Lisbeth Salander, and Henrick Vanger. Blomkvist is a financial journalist at the very bottom of his career after falling from grace and being sentenced to jail for libel against a corporate hegemon. Clearly, the reader is led to believe there is more to this portrayal of a protagonist than originally appears, as Blomkvist refuses to defend himself in court. Salander, on the other hand, is a brilliant, tatooed, computer hacker with an eclectic lifestyle. A ward of the court, and socially awkward, Salander is ultimately led to conduct a personal investigation into Blomkvist on behalf of the opulent, elderly, yet somewhat fallen-from-grace Henrick Vanger. Vanger ultimately entrusts Blomkvist with a monumental task, with Salander eventually being drug into the web while grappling with her own personal demons.<br /><br />Simply, Vanger wants to know, what happened to his niece Harriet, decades lost after a party at the Vanger estate. The caveat to the story is this: on the day Harriet disappeared, presumably murdered, there was an accident on the bridge leading from the Vanger estates, located on an island. Blomkvist moves to the Vanger estate, with the now elderly cast, and is left with a realization: given the accident, only a finite number of people (those on the island with Harriet at the time of its occurrence) could have murdered her. Absent a body, given the chance to unravel a decades-old cold case with very little evidence, Blomkvist soon realizes that his chance at redemption depends upon finding the fate of Harriet.<br /><br />As Blomkvist and Salander team up to unravel this mystery, events take a drastic turn, as they realize that one of the Vanger family is likely responsible for Harriet's disappearance. On the island, with the Vanger family members, Blomkvist and Salander delve deep into a family's mystery, only to find that the skeletons in THIS particular closet may not be as dead as they appear, indeed, they may even be willing to commit heinous new crimes to cover up a crime decades in the past.<br /><br />An A-grade mystery with a twist ending. Chilling and well-worth your precious reading time. (I purchased the Kindle version: absolutely no problems or errors existed.)rn, as they realize that one of the Vanger family is likely responsible for Harriet's disappearance. On the island, with the Vanger family members, Blomkvist and Salander delve deep into a family's mystery, only to find that the skeletons in THIS particular closet may not be as dead as they appear, indeed, they may even be willing to commit heinous new crimes to cover up a crime decades in the past.     An A-grade mystery with a twist ending. Chilling and well-worth your precious reading time. (I purchased the Kindle version: absolutely no problems or errors existed.)
B000EGCITG|5.0|This CD makes clear not only Pink's talent, but her ability to write and perform music in a variety of styles.
B002ZG99IG|2.0|This movie has a good plot, but the conclusion of it is horrible and reveals its protagonist and antagonist to be total douchebags  (this makes the plot look bad). What's also bad is its camerawork and very little chilling and/or scary moments. 2.5/10
B004G5ZY7E|5.0|I always enjoy a great thriller and The Snowman is no exception to the rule.<br /><br />For those you looking for an alternative to Steig Larsson or something else to read in the same vein (but better written) as the Millenium Trilogy Nesbo's Snowman is for you.<br /><br />I went into this book knowing nothing (especially not that it was the seventh book in a series) and I came out wanting to read the rest of the Harry Hole novels. You do not need to read the first six books before reading this; it stands on its own as my favorite thriller I've read this year.
B004ZH66XO|3.0|All in all it's not a bad app. It just doesn't hold my interest. Downloaded from Free App of the Day. I would have been greatly disappointed if I had actually paid for the game. I find Hungry Shark much more entertaining, and I prefer the tilt controls on that game as well. Grow is a fine waster of time for when you just want to veg with little thought involved.  HTC Thunderbolt
014050639X|5.0|I painted the nursery with this book in mind.  There are hidden characters and stories all over the walls.  I love this children's book.
1563894696|3.0|Some graphic novels are exciting and hard to put down, this one is neither of those. The story line is interesting, but not really captivating. If you really like Harvey Dent, then get this book. If you want hardcore batman stories, there are way better out there.
B004LQ1XBY|5.0|I have always had a soft spot for the blues. I've listened to Howling Wolf, Bessie Smith, Muddy Waters, and Bo Diddley just to name a few. I truly respect someone who can play blues music and make you feel in the base of your being. There's something primal there, something that understands the language of the blues. It's gritty, harsh, truthful and liberating all at the same time. Hugh Laurie has accomplished this feat. As soon as I got the album, I rushed to put in the player and was amazed to find that I was laughing, crying and singing along. I put the player on repeat and let the music play all night. It seems as though Laurie captured the heart and soul of this music without having to live through what some off the great blues players did. To quote from the inset \\"I was not born in Alabama in the 1890s. I've never eaten grits, cropped a share, or ridden a boxcar. No gypsy woman attended my birth and there's no hellhound on my trail, as far as I am aware.....I am[...] openly trespassing....\\". If this is the type of music he plays, I will gladly let him continue to trespass. His versions of Battle of Jericho and Swanee River are fresh and yet remain as timeless as when they were first heard while After You've Gone and Baby, Please Make a Change want to make you call that old ex-whatever and apologise for everything that went wrong! I would recommend this album to any blues fan. It is one to acquire and cherish!
1401223176|4.0|This is one of the best Batman graphic novels written. It visits most of the classic Batman villains while introducing a new one. I felt the Joker got very little face time, but if he hadn't then he would have upstaged HUSH. The part with Poison Ivy was well drawn and well written.
B002UD56I6|5.0|This documentary was great. It showed the world what a total package MJ was. He could do anything. It was also sad to watch, because of the fact he did not know he was going to pass away. I love him and miss him so very much. RIP Michael
B000JML90Y|5.0|A very good reproduction of Charles Darwin's masterpiece which elucidates the process of evolution by natural selection. A must read for any biology student, or any student of life.
B0019HQIFE|5.0|If your looking for a wide range of styles from JM, this DVD is for you. Rock, blues, ballads, it's all here! Blu-ray gives you the sights and sounds of being there. It well worth the money for the length of the concert as well.
1401207529|5.0|This book contains the batman origin story as well as the events of Bruce Wayne's first year as the Batman. It's  a good story and inspired at least two scenes in The Dark Knight. He doesn't wear the costume for at least half the book though, and the gadgets get introduced one by one. I recommend this book be on every Batman fan bookcase though. (right next to The Killing Joke).
B004HO6HWA|4.0|If you liked the early Bronson film and like Statham, you'll like this remake. But be forewarned, the ending is radically different from the original and Ben foster is a better actor than Jan Michael vincent.
B004ZH66XO|1.0|Poor controls took away the enjoyment of this game.  Few minutes of fun until the controls became so burdonsome that I uninstalled it.
B004ZH66XO|5.0|This game is actually quite fun. Short levels that progress much like angry birds and a shop to unlock rewards.   The controls are customizable so I can't understand why people are complaining about their inability to follow directions as usual.
B004UUKD6W|5.0|English rockers Queen released their third album Sheer Heart Attack in October of 1974.<br />Sheer Heart Attack was the album that saw Queen find the sound and directionthey would go in. After the progressive rock leanings of Queen II (my least favorite 1970s Queen album and many Queen fans will probably disagree with me on that but \\"Fairy Feller\\" and \\"Funny How Love Is\\" I detest), Queen decided to experiment with more sounds and so forth that would set the pace for them experimenting with different sounds into the future and with brilliant results (as I found out when I first got the CD in May of 1992).<br />Sheer Heart Attack kicks off with guitarist Brian May's epic \\"Brighton Rock\\", which had the innovative use of a delay machine during the guitar solo to make it sound like there were two guitarists playing the middle solo and would be his solo showcase for the next three years and then again on the 1978/79 tour (on the '78-'79 tour it was more of an improv with John Deacon's bass and Roger Taylor's drums although Roger had a tympani solo spot and Brian with a guitar solo on his own). Next is lead singer Freddie Mercury classic tune \\"Killer Queen\\" which became the band's first UK Top 5 hit in late 1974 and their US Top 20 hit rightfully peaking at #12 in the spring of 1975. Next is drummer Roger Taylor's rocker \\"Tenement Funster\\" which rocks and includes Roger on lead vocal. Then brilliant piano from Freddie segues into the rocker \\"Flick of the Wrist\\" which is a great song. Then we segue into the short but brilliant ballad \\"Lily of the Valley\\" (the aforementioned two were written by Mercury). The first half of the album ends with Brian May's penned rocker \\"Now I'm Here\\" which saw some great use of the delay machine, this time with Freddie Mercury's voice on this rocker which would be a staple in Queen concerts, US FM rock radio and was the band's third UK Top 20 hit.<br />The second side of Sheer Heart Attack kicks off with some unearthly screams from Roger Taylor into the Mercury ballad \\"In the Lap of the Gods\\" which has one of Freddie's excellent vocal performances and sounded like a broken record but with great results. Then we stop cold and go into the rocker \\"Stone Cold Crazy\\", which was the first song the band wrote together as a band. That track would be in the setlist for the next few tours and predated the punk and speed metal genres. The tune would be covered by Metallica in 1990. James Hetfield of Metallica also did that track with the surviving members of Queen at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert in April of 1992. Next is Brian's ballad with Brian on piano and Freddie on vocals called \\"Dear Friends\\". Next is bass player John Deacon's first track penned for the band (and not his last) \\"Misfire\\" and featured John on almost all guitars. Next is Freddie's ragtime sounding \\"Bring Back That Leroy Brown\\" which sees John adding double bass and Brian on banjo ukulele. Speaking of Brian, he steps out on lead vocal for the excellent \\"She Makes Me (Stormtroopers in Stilettos)\\". We close the album (that Roger Taylor calls his favorite) with Freddie's masterpiece \\"In the Lap of the Gods...Revisited\\".<br />Sheer Heart Attack was Queen's first hit album here in the US as it peaked at #11 and attained Gold status (the first Queen album to do so) and was the first taste of things to come for the band.<br />In May of 2011, Queen re-releases this classic masterpiece as well as the other first few albums (Queen, Queen II, Sheer Heart Attack's followup A Night at the Opera and A Day at the Races) as all newly remastered as 2-CD Deluxe Editions painstakingly remastered by Bob Ludwig (who did a remaster of A Night at the Opera for its 30th Anniversary in 2005) and these new remasters buries any previous CD version of the back catalog.<br />The bonus CD for Sheer Heart Attack contains a brilliant live recording of \\"Now I'm Here\\" at The Hammersmith Odeon in London during their famed Christmas Eve 1975 concert (bring the whole show outplease). Then you get BBC versions of \\"Flick Of the Wrist\\" and \\"Tenement Funster\\" done before Sheer Heart Attack's release. Then you get an acapella vocal remix of \\"Bring Back That Leroy Brown\\". Then the Live at Wembley version of \\"In the Lap Of the Gods...Revisited\\" (why I don't know, should have used Hammersmith 1975 or Earls Court 1977 but nevermind). The booklet that comes with this has just about everything that came with the original LP artwork, lyrics and credits plus extra photos of the band.<br />Some will say why buy again but I say go for it because of the remastering!<br />Highly recommended!BC versions of \\"Flick Of the Wrist\\" and \\"Tenement Funster\\" done before Sheer Heart Attack's release. Then you get an acapella vocal remix of \\"Bring Back That Leroy Brown\\". Then the Live at Wembley version of \\"In the Lap Of the Gods...Revisited\\" (why I don't know, should have used Hammersmith 1975 or Earls Court 1977 but nevermind). The booklet that comes with this has just about everything that came with the original LP artwork, lyrics and credits plus extra photos of the band.  Some will say why buy again but I say go for it because of the remastering!  Highly recommended!
0316010669|5.0|Anyone who makes decisions that impact on other people's lives should read this book.  And, after you finish Blink, you should also read \\"The Hidden Brain\\" by Shankar Vedantam. [[ASIN:0385525222 The Hidden Brain: How Our Unconscious Minds Elect Presidents, Control Markets, Wage Wars, and Save Our Lives]]
B004LWZW42|5.0|The Review:<br /><br />Fresh from the success of last year's phenomenal Kick Ass, Director Matthew Vaughn brings us X-Men: First Class, which is the best X-Men movie to date.  First Class is not just a good comic book movie, but an excellent film. Period. Stars James McAvoy and Michael Fassbender play the young Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr, whom we will come to know as Professor X and Magneto.  First Class is the story of how Magneto and Professor X met and formed the X-Men and how these two friends wind up as enemies.  Rather than being a comic book movie driven by the spandex clad superhero alter egos of the X-Men, First Class is a character driven piece about people with super powers.  It's a subtle, but important distinction. It's no small feat to make a compelling movie centered around characters with cornball names like Magneto.  The writers and directors of First Class have counter-intuitively rejuvenated a series and made it edgier by going backwards to the 1960s, a supposedly simpler time.<br /><br />The success of this superhero film renaissance that began with Spiderman in 2000, and reached new heights with Batman Begins and Ironman in 2005, has come from humanizing superheroes and supervillains.  For example, Magneto is a survivor of the Nazi death camps. He has seen humanity at its very worse and his experience in World War 2 is why he eventually becomes the militant leader of the Brotherhood of Mutants. That he will eventually seek the extinction of humankind is an irony probably not lost on the very cerebral Magneto, vividly brought to life by Michael Fassbender. The key to understanding Magneto is that he doesn't see himself as a villain.  He's fighting for his people in a war. You'll find yourself rooting FOR Magneto. This moral ambiguity has always been present in the X-Men movies more so than any other superhero film franchise. But fear not. That highbrow stuff is the icing on what's also an amazing action blockbuster.<br /><br />First Class presents a scenario in which flying men, telepaths and shape shifters seem perfectly natural within the setting of the coldest parts of the Cold War.  It's a testament to the creative team and the film's stars that they were able to put such a realistic edge on a completely fantastic premise.  McAvoy and Fassbender are filling the shoes of Patrick Stewart and Ian McClellan, two heavy hitters of stage and screen, and they do so with great skill.  These younger incarnations of Professor X and Magneto have the added advantage of being able handle a lot more action than their older predecessors.  It's a good thing too because the villainous Sebastian Shaw is more powerful than all the X-Men put together and unlike Magneto, there is no moral ambiguity with Sebastian Shaw, played pitch perfect by Kevin Bacon. Shaw is a cold blooded murderer and he has genocide on his mind. There is almost as much superhero action in this X-Men movie than in the entirety of the first three films. That the film makers could also include Schindler's List and Munich levels of pathos ups the ante for the superhero movie genre. If you have even a fleeting interest in the X-Men and superhero movies, then go see X-Men: First Class.<br /><br />FTC Advisory: We purchased our own tickets.hich flying men, telepaths and shape shifters seem perfectly natural within the setting of the coldest parts of the Cold War.  It's a testament to the creative team and the film's stars that they were able to put such a realistic edge on a completely fantastic premise.  McAvoy and Fassbender are filling the shoes of Patrick Stewart and Ian McClellan, two heavy hitters of stage and screen, and they do so with great skill.  These younger incarnations of Professor X and Magneto have the added advantage of being able handle a lot more action than their older predecessors.  It's a good thing too because the villainous Sebastian Shaw is more powerful than all the X-Men put together and unlike Magneto, there is no moral ambiguity with Sebastian Shaw, played pitch perfect by Kevin Bacon. Shaw is a cold blooded murderer and he has genocide on his mind. There is almost as much superhero action in this X-Men movie than in the entirety of the first three films. That the film makers could also include Schindler's List and Munich levels of pathos ups the ante for the superhero movie genre. If you have even a fleeting interest in the X-Men and superhero movies, then go see X-Men: First Class.    FTC Advisory: We purchased our own tickets.
B000002P72|5.0|I first heard about this masterpiece of a BLUES recording,when Eric Clapton said that he and Jeff Beck used to drop acid while listening to this album back in their YARDBIRD days. I later read in Rolling Stone magazine that Jimi Hendrix had this record in his collection as well. Being a huge Blues fan myself, as well as of those cats that I just mentioned,I felt inspired to listen to this record. The music on this album is awesome! I listened to it for two weeks straight. Riley King is in top form on this smokin' set,his playing and singing are absolutely amazing! The best way to describe his sound and style would be:\\"Chicken Grease\\", because it sounds \\"finger lickin' good\\"! His playing is so very tight,yet very smooth,fluid, and funky,with that slick groovin' electric Chicago Blues feel and sound. The band is also swingin' on this live set,they add a very jazzy yet soulful sound, complete with a tight Horn section and great piano playing. There is not one bad performance on this classic recording from the early 1960s performed at the legendary club called; \\"The Regal\\" in Chicago IL,in front of a true blues audience. This is one the greatest Blues albums ever, and required listining for any student,fan, or musician in this style of music. My favorite tracks are: \\"Every Day I Have The Blues\\" \\"Please Love Me\\" You Upset Me Baby\\" and \\"Woke Up This Mornin'\\". It's not a surprise that cats like B.B. KING was the biggest inspiration for the great Rock bands to come after in the later sixties such as;JIMI HENDRIX, THE ROLLING STONES,LED ZEPPELIN and THE DOORS. These kind of albums are the foundation for ALL American modern music period! Peace
B0042AGNC8|5.0|It 's beautiful package color. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, tehe sound e imagem was amazing too.
B0034G4OXQ|5.0|This is a movie that you will relate to if you have lost someone close to you.  However, I can imagine that if not it would be difficult to \\"get\\" this movie.
B002L9N4F6|5.0|It 's beautiful package color. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, the sound e imagem was amazing too.
0812550757|5.0|Orson Scott Card wrote this amazing follow up to Ender's Game. More of his fabulous writing style. Part 2 of must reads in my house.
B000QFW7UA|5.0|It 's beautiful package. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, tehe sound e imagem was amazing too.
1439107955|5.0|I sent this book to my doctor brother for his 61st birthday.    His thank you note: \\"Thanks so much for the gift for my birthday... I read the book during our recent trip. I found it fascinating and have been encouraging everybody to read it. It is the best book of medical nonfiction for lay and professionals I've ever read.\\"
B003VJTGLQ|3.0|It 's beautiful slip color. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, the sound e imagem was amazing too.
0800193334|5.0|This movie tells the story of Matilda. A smart young girl with an inattentive  harsh family and  Telekinesis. I can't say anymore about the plot without spoiling it but I will say what I admired about the film's content.<br /><br />There was not the slightest allusion to raunchy comedy, there isn't any kissing or even a little puppy love crush they like to throw into movies about kids.<br /><br />Ther e is only the theme of beliving in yourself even when nobody else will and they did it with one spectacular story  The film has comical elements as well and ends beautifully. I highly reccomend it.
B001R4KQDE|5.0|It 's beautiful package color. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, the sound e imagem was amazing too.
B000F1IQNM|5.0|This seems like the intial plot of Mary Poppins done ten million times better. It tells the story of Mr Brown and his seven children. All of the children are very mischievious and drive away all the nannies that their father hires (Presumably out of a want to spend time with him because he is so busy.). The cycle is broken with nanny Mcphee but she isn't your comely  magical madien from the sky like Mary Poppins, nor are her abilities apparent from the beginning.  She first appears as a very ugly woman in a black dress  with a cane. Her ugliness fades as the children's behavior improves she also has an emphasis on the notion of consequences her (assumed)counterpart did not.<br /><br />I won't spoil anymore of the plot for you. The awesomness  is too awesome to be spolied.<br /><br />Another thing I like about this film is that it's got good moral undertones without being heavy-handed or preachy. There are no intentionally scary moments and the movie is quite comedic during some parts (A little of the humor was on the bad side though). I enjoyed the film thouroughly and I highly recommend it (Check my other reviews to see how often I can say something  like that)<br /><br />The only issue I've got with the film is that there is one instance in which the word \\"Hell\\" is used out of context but the person has a thick accent and it took me quite awhile to pick up on the fact so  there are about two questionable scenes drowned out by a whole lot of awesome. Check this out and check the sequel out as well.
B0017HRCQU|4.0|It 's beautiful slipe cover. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, the sound e imagem was amazing too.
B003ZSI7R2|5.0|I recommend The Bomb Shelter Sessions by Vintage Trouble for anyone who enjoys Rock, R&B's or a fusion of both.  This is one of my favorite albums of current bands.  Every song on the album is a hit to me.  Buy it, listen and enjoy!
B0054U53M6|4.0|Enjoyed this brief glimpse into Episode 7.   Left lots of questions that need to be answered.   If the baby is the Doctor's, how is that possible?   Obviously, the silence are involved, and they've forgotten.   This preview said episode 7 was coming out June 4th.   It's June 12th and still no episode 7.  When will it be ready for download?
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|First of all, I want to acknowledge the outstanding performance of the little girl in the movie, named Alice (portrayed by the beautiful Elle Fanning). From the beginning of the movie, to the end of it, Elle Fanning never ceased to intrigue and completely \\"wow\\" us! A mysterious character Alice is, who often displays empathic tendencies (in my opinion) and I wondered if she was playing the role of an empath. I think it is possible that such a tinge was written into her character, but also not highlighted so much as to draw too much attention to that idea. I have never seen a child perform so well in a movie, ever (at least I cannot remember) and the fact that I can't remember anyone else means that Elle Fanning has outshone every other performance by a child actor that I have ever seen! Elle Fanning was breathtaking in this film, aside from being beautiful, she manages to communicate what the character is feeling, and impart that unto the viewer just by the expressions communicated through her eyes. Outstanding, excellent acting! I will be looking out more for this young actor, I believe that she will make it very big and very far in her profession. Amazing.<br /><br />Now, onto the movie... I want to stress that this movie contains the worst language I have ever heard being spoken in a movie, in all my life. Seriously. And the fact that children are saying all these profane words makes it very hard to swallow. I was watching with my ten year old son (the country in which we live rated it GP) and I don't agree with the GP rating of this movie, due to the extremely foul language! With that being said, I believe that we can't hide our children away from the world and protect them from knowing what the realities of the world are (like bad language) and at the time we watched this movie, my son was already prepared to hear all that language. I told him after the movie that I trust and know and have enough faith in him to say that this movie was a great movie, because I know that just because he hears or sees something, doesn't mean he's going to do it. In the end, we both agreed that this was a really great movie! Brilliant, actually! I am blown away and I truly admire the talent and brains behind the script, the story, the plot, the flow, cinematography, everything really! However, if you have children that are not yet prepared to hear how the rest of the world talks, don't take them to see this movie (if it's rated GP also where you live), because they definitely WILL find out how the rest of the world talks, by watching it! Terrible language! The thing is, that's life!<br /><br />From the very start, this film did not fail to deliver intense punches in the face; intense emotional drama, intense thrilling scenes, intense effects, and I often found myself breathing deep sighs just to relieve myself of the tension I was feeling. So, it starts out very intensely and is very intriguing! But then it later succumbs to humor and the movie progresses into something truly hilarious (in a good way) and I have not laughed so much in a movie house, in a very very long time!!!!! Hilarious! Just so so funny!!!!! The lines, the characters, scenes, just hilarious!!!! This is the portrayal of true talent and genius behind the film, because, when delivering so much intensity in the beginning of a movie, it is wise to bring the viewers into a whole different realm later on by introducing an equally intense amount of humor!!! It was hysterically funny at times, and this is the point at which I truly began to appreciate the movie and it really did begin to shine, for me!<br /><br />I would classify Super 8 as a science fiction thriller, but, due to the genius creating it, the film is able to contain the science fiction to the sidelines, and what really takes the limelight is the emotional backdrop of the main characters, this story is at last strongly character-driven and emotionally true. The science fiction part simply becomes just a thing that happened in the lives of these extraordinarily strong characters. Sort of how things happen in all of our lives that seem to come in on a train derailment and wreck havoc in us but in the end and after it all, these things that happen are just things that happen, and life is meant to be lived. I do believe that is the true message of the story, and it is built into and built up by the plot and the script and the acting, thus producing a very strong delivery of this single message.<br /><br />The movie wraps-up beautifully, I cannot over-emphasize that. The beautiful wrap-up of everything surely makes up for the very foul language and sometimes hard-to-look-at bloody scenes. In the end, the fathers both learn that the most important things in their lives aren't the things and the people that they have lost, but the most important realities in their lives are the people that are in front of their eyes: their own children. The children in turn learn how to let go of pain and forgive, I think that everyone learns forgiveness and letting go in this story.<br /><br />Overall, this movie is like life itself: it is at times hard to swallow, but in the end it's beautiful and we all learn the most important things.ese extraordinarily strong characters. Sort of how things happen in all of our lives that seem to come in on a train derailment and wreck havoc in us but in the end and after it all, these things that happen are just things that happen, and life is meant to be lived. I do believe that is the true message of the story, and it is built into and built up by the plot and the script and the acting, thus producing a very strong delivery of this single message.    The movie wraps-up beautifully, I cannot over-emphasize that. The beautiful wrap-up of everything surely makes up for the very foul language and sometimes hard-to-look-at bloody scenes. In the end, the fathers both learn that the most important things in their lives aren't the things and the people that they have lost, but the most important realities in their lives are the people that are in front of their eyes: their own children. The children in turn learn how to let go of pain and forgive, I think that everyone learns forgiveness and letting go in this story.    Overall, this movie is like life itself: it is at times hard to swallow, but in the end it's beautiful and we all learn the most important things.
6304712944|5.0|I did not purchase this for myself, but rather for a lady friend, who did not know what a Maypole was, or the ceremony that goes on with it in some places.  I immediately thought of the scene from the movie \\"Camelot,\\" and set about finding a DVD of the movie.  I already owned one, so much to my surprise, I found it almost imposible to find one.  I could not believe that such a classic movie as this had vanished so far from our culture.    Ah, but I digress from my original mission.  I have always thought the music was great, but what is really more appealing, is the longing to go back to a time when life was more captivating, romantic and something to be longed for.  Then you find that life was no different then than it is now or perhaps the writers just don't realy know how to present it in a more realistic fashion.  This realization leave one a bit sad, but with enough of a longing to go back where life seemesd to be more carefree, and fun.  The last scene of Arthur with the little boy seems to cement this desire in the hearts and minds of all romantics, male or female.
0345522478|5.0|I didn't give this book much of a chance when I purchased it, thinking to continue my run of bad luck in choosing books. Boy and fortunately was I wrong. While not perfect (unlike the second book in the series), I quickly came to like everything about this novel, the characters, the story, the humor. I can't wait for volume III.
B004FOA84A|4.0|This was a fun, old-school Myst style point and click mystery game. The graphics are pre rendered, but look good. The puzzles range from easy to try everything to get it to work.   Since the update tho,  it fcs on launch.
1401310672|5.0|Hilarious! Gave as a birthday gift for a friend...she and I are mutual fans of the DYAC website. I admit I thumbed through much of the book before giving it to her. Total comedy.
B000001Y9I|5.0|I agree with all of the other five star reviews here, and I just want to add one thing - there's a beautiful song on this album called \\"Sometimes I Feel Like Screaming\\" that I've got stuck permanently in my head.  This album may have become more or less forgotten, but this song should be part of everyone's personal \\"Best of DP\\" playlist.
0811879542|5.0|I am just enchanted with this book. It is so clever. My two year old granddaughter loved it. It is a fun story to read but children also learn about following directions, color, cause and effect. Interesting concept.
1439102813|5.0|I just finished reading this and what a different view I now have about people dealing with this terrible disease.  This affects the WHOLE family and not only the person with the disease.  I only hope and pray that they come up with a cure FAST!  Thank you for a wonderful, yet sad, book.
1439102724|5.0|Another good book by Picoult. Have to be honest --the accompanied CD was not very good. Surprises me as Picoult could afford to hire ANYONE. And yet went with a friend who might be good at school plays and such but NOT for commercial release to the public. I like that Picoult has written a comic book, lyrics for songs, a play, BOOKS! She is truly proliferate. She can write in ANY media.  Sing you home takes today's social problems with infertile couples and fertility and gay rigths and makes a book with all of these social commentaries and makes them understandable and allowing you to see both sides. Another great book by Picoult.
0553582038|2.0|This whole Game of Thrones series could have been edited into one book.  Book four is the worst, causing me to skim through most of it.  This book series is like a movie with a cast of thousands, each with a speaking part. Many obscure characters with unpronounceable and forgettable names show up maybe once or twice hundreds of pages apart.  There is a ton of mundane filler in these books, especially book four.  I blame the editor as there is a good story buried under the abundance of superfluous text.
B004BBDHEK|4.0|This is more like his previous style before he decided to use voices. Not a fan of that at all. His music does not need singing. It takes away from the effect. This CD does have a couple of songs that are sung but most of it is great new music. Again, he shows what marvelous talent he has. Yanni fans will love this.
1416550550|5.0|I don't have the time to craft a lengthy review but just want to say that Kate Morton's, The Forgotten Garden, is by far the most enjoyable book I have read in a long time! If you are looking for a GREAT summer read, pick this one up.  You won't be disappointed. Enjoy the ride.
B003XRELGQ|5.0|I read this book in paper years and years ago.. it was the start to a love affair with Vonnegut.  Did you know that Vonnegut's brother was the atmospheric scientist who invented cloud-seeding (with silver nitrate).  Just the sort of colleague who might have been able to come up with a real-life ice-nine.  This is fiction, but how much of it couldn't happen.  Read this book!
B004X4R49Y|4.0|I always do this. I watch a lovely film. Then, i see one little thing that makes me say \\"Wait a minute...\\" OK, so the pressure's really on for his big wartime speech. Last minute, & all of that. Why didn't they revert to what worked before years of training? They had perfect privacy @the microphone. All They had to do was put on the headphones. Play music loud in the headphones as @their first meeting. He read beautifully then. Other than that (to me) glaring flaw. It's a nice little film.
B004NOH9LW|5.0|Fans of supernatural thrillers will not like this movie.  Don't mistake me, this was a wonderful film.  If, like myself, you have had loved ones to \\"cross over\\", this movie will appeal to you.  Rather than the suspenseful, heart-stopping scares of other supernatural movies, this movie treats the subject with a gentler hand.  It is not preachy and does not knock heaven or hell or any religion down your throat.  It is, quite simply, a look at the part of the life cycle known as death through the eyes of three people who all experience it in a different way.  After watching it, I felt serene and secure.  Matt Damon, in particular, gave a dazzling performance.  His performance was subtle but impassioned and I don't know why he did not receive more praise for this.  Of course, the same could be said for Director Clint Eastwood who turned a movie that could have easily turned sappy into a truly moving film.  Sooo, if you are looking to get scared, look elsewhere.  If you, however, are interested in what happens to us when we die and, especially, if you have lost loved ones, you will most likely adore this film.
B001CDLAT4|4.0|The movie \\"Baraka\\" is a spectacular video documentary that chronicles life, the earth, and humanity.  It is also a silent movie that creatively uses HD cinematography to visually portray[[ASIN:B001CDLATE Baraka [Blu-ray]]] the connectivity of all of the world's major religions, cultures, and landscapes; furthermore, it cleverly portrays some of the modern global challenges resulting from our ever-increasing human population.  In a unique and visually enthralling manner it causes viewers to more deeply contemplate the oneness of life, earth, and humanity.  In my opinion, The Baraka movie is a wonderful video documentary worthy of being added to anyone's home theatre movie collection!
B0052UZIFA|3.0|This is a great game that needs an update bad. It takes a while to load and It doesnt save your sound preferences.  The graphics look blurry at times and some animations are choppy. Also I dont like that the game is only available via the Amazon app as it doesn't show up with my other apps in the android market. I think this game will be on par with the iPhone version once it's updated.
0670022411|4.0|Loved the history lessons in the book and the insight into the life of an academic at Oxford. Could have done without the romance. Nothing really new there, especially if you've read Twilight. However, I really enjoyed reading about Diana Bishop's slow discovery of her powers and about the history of the vampire family. Hoping there is a sequel!
B0047GNCSU|3.0|Having a minor in English Lit., I probably shouldn't admit to owning this book. As someone with both the E and TMZ android app, I couldn't stay away. I will say, as a previous Laguna Beach and the Hills viewer, I bought this book purely for the behind the scenes secrets and backstage gossip masquerading as fiction. At that, the book didn't disappoint. There is enough dish to satisfy and I spent the time figuring out which characters were which \\"reality\\" starlets. As a YA novel, this is not as sleazy as some of the stories out there. It's a good, sweet story that stays away from rated R material. As for the plot, let's just say I began the book, put it down, forgot about it, read an entire other novel and then finished LA Candy when I remembered I had it. It's not mind expanding or world altering in any way. However, as a beach read in addition to your People magazine or in between semesters to clear your clutter mind, it's not a bad choice. If you think Jersey Shore is a an abomination, you will hate this. But if you know who host E! News and what Lauren Conrad is up to now, you will enjoy this story. It's not rocket science, but it's not bad either.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|Whether you like Gwyneth Paltrow or not, she does a wonderful job portraying the often snooty, but well meaning Miss Woodhouse with a sense of humor and kindness that is lacking in several other versions. Jeremy Northam  and Toni Colette shine in their respective roles as well, making this and utterly charming film and one I have watched to the point of memorization...and I'm not ashamed to admit it:)
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Item was packaged securely to insure no breakage took place.  Although it was described as used, I had to do a double take because it looked brand new.  No scratches or even finger prints (which drives me NUTS!!) Would recommend highly!
B002IFT1ZA|5.0|A huge fan of Lord of the Rings, I was thrilled to find this epic series in a similar vein.  The stories are engaging, and the cast perfect in their roles. The underrated Sean Bean plays the part of the honourable and decent Ned Star, a counter to Nikolai Coster-Waldau's excellent Jaimie Lannister.  Peter Dinklage is a scene stealing Tiryan Lannister, who brings a little comic relief but occasional wisdom as well. I really enjoy this series and was thrilled to find it had already been renewed for a second run.
