B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is a good time........and challenging .  It rewarded me for playing for a half hr and I didn't even realize I had been playing it for that long.  I recommend it to all ages . It is a great way to kill a lot of time without even noticing it!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun but hard i like the points and having 2unlock stuff. it is cool. get it it id z good time waster
B003AO3CIK|4.0|The first album I heard of Nada Surf was The Weight Is A Gift. I was immediately drawn to the combination of jangly guitar and high pitched vocals that flowed so smoothly. Unlike most people, or at least reviewers, I rarely pay much attention to the lyrics. That often leads me to take a song with a completely different meaning or feeling than what was probably intended. This can almost be comical with a group like, say, Cowboy Junkies. On the plus side I get to avoid being bored with lyrics depicting emotions and or realizations of life that maybe I dealt with decades ago. It is the overall \\"sound\\" that moves me and the vocals are simply part of that.  In the last 6 months I have picked up the other albums from the group including this one. Another reviewer here comments to how they sometimes sound like the Byrds. I noticed that within the first few cuts myself. There is also a touch of America in the sound of the vocals. Outside of the Moody Blues tune I have never heard any of the originals that are covered here. That actually lets me take the album as something entirely new and yet a continuation of an overall sound by a group I like more and more.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|This is one of the best movie Woody Allen has ever created. We are charmed by the beauty of Paris. The idea of Gil  meeting all those great writers and painters from ''La Belle Epoque'' is brilliant. Oh! I loved that movie!!
B0052VUNHC|5.0|The book cover didn't appeal to me, I go for stars ratings & boy it didn't dissapoint!   I love the book! the other rating says: love it! devour it! its true! you will love this   book!   It will make you wrap your head in the story & OMG! on the sexy parts! hooo! so hot & sexy!   makes you think Abby is really beautiful & sexy that, makes everyone can't help but to be attracted   to her but, she got this quiet tone-down mellow to her that you'll be suprise how good of   a player face she is!  once you discover her secret you'll be like wow!    and Travis will have you on your feet!  HOT!!!!!   both of the characters will amaze you of their love for each other! its not disturbing like other   comments..its love and could be realistic..its not all fairytaily but, I sure love it & have to   come back on my favorite notes on my kindle all over again! LOVE IT! A MUST READ!
B005EHNEDO|5.0|I received it quickly and I love the album. What else is there to say? Great for WILCO fans old and new.
B002VRZEYM|5.0|Wow. What a wake up call, sadly I knew most of the information included already but I have been too lazy to change MY behavior. This was just the wake up call I needed to be more aware of my food choices. My money is paying the bills of these large companies, I don't really want that.<br />This video isn't a vegetarian vs carnivore debate. This is honesty in food. This is a cry for INTEGRITY in American food production. Let's vote for organic, for truth in labeling and for (dare I say it again) Integrity in food production. We do this by CHOOSING to buy the foods that are produced ethically and non- genetically.<br />Thank You to the Food Inc producers and those who opened their homes, farms and lives to offer me this wake up call. I needed it and I thank you for your honesty.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I owned th HD version of this but sometimes when your on the road, its difficult to get higher bandwidth.  Was able to get the regular version for free on the android market place and it is very useful.  excellent app...  LOVE it!!!!
1904994679|5.0|I purchased this for my 12-year-old granddaughter's birthday, which was just before Christmas. She has not put it down. Not a day goes by that she doesn't read it, use it, share the facts in it. It is beautifully done; pictures are high quality.   I highly recommend this for old and young who love trivia and just facts, common to extremely unusual. Best world records issue that Guinness has put out, in my opinion.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|so awesome that after I got this as a free app of the day, I went and bought for my iPad.  super ready to use and set up
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is so cool my friends like it and my family members like it that is all I.have to say
B0002V7O3S|5.0|My boyfriend begged me to find him this movie and I was happy I found it on Amazon. Of course he forced me to watch it with him. I was surprised that I actuality loved it since I don't normally don't watch movies like this, but it was a really good story.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|True to the book and any changes were well-thought out and did not diminish the story.  Cast was excellent and Sissy Spacek was right on.  A laugh out loud book was a laugh out loud movie. Highly recommend both the book and movie.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Cut the rope is a very fun, addicting, and entertaining game! Can't wait for more levels! Absolutely love this game! :D
B0063IH60K|5.0|always a great fall back fill the space game when bored. great app seems better and faster on kindle fire.
B004EPZ03O|1.0|I have been a Muppet fan for a very long time. I own all the movies and the DVD releases of the show (hell, I even ordered the show through Time/Life when they were sending them out on VHS). When I heard there was going to be another Muppet movie, I was really excited. Guess I'm gonna have to keep waiting.  This movie spends most of it's time focused on 3 new characters. These characters aren't very interesting to begin with, but are flat out boring in a universe where the Muppets are in the next room. The fact that their stories dominate this film leads to a long, drawn out, boring moive.  Not that the Muppets, when actually on the screen, were all that interesting either. In fact, for the most part the screen time the Muppets get is dedicated to doing old bits. If I wanted to be reminded of events of \\"The Muppet Movie\\", I'd watch \\"The Muppet Movie\\".  Another of my major complaints is that almost every conflict is resolved within a minute or two of being brought up. When on a trip to get the Muppets back together, alomst every character starts off by saying \\"no\\". Then the other characters ask nicely and the resisting character agrees. Characters in the film make life altering choices without any reasoning to do so besides simply being nagged into it.  The conflicts that do take longer than a minute to resolve tend to add nothing to the over-all story. Animal's conflict and resolution bring nothing to the resolution of the main plot. The story would have ended the same regardless of his choices. On top of that, since there is never any reason given for Animal changing his mind and there is no reason given that the previous choices he made were bad for him, his \\"resolution\\" should really be seen as a relapse and a step backward.  As for the \\"villian\\" in the movie, I'm so sick of the money-hungry, cold-hearted businessman as a villian. It's a tired idea and a big example of another major flaw in this movie, lazy writting.   The one shinning momment that I really enjoyed was the telethon, but that was basically a \\"Muppet Show\\" crammed into the movie. Once the movie focused on the title characters I really enjoyed, but it wasn't long until Walter had to step up and do something to become accepted as a Muppet (even though he already was).  Basically, this movie relies too much on lazy story-writting. Whether it be a stereo-typical baddie, vanilla main characters or flat out nastalgia, the movie never takes any risks and falls flat overall as a result.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I love this product. I am glad that this was suggested to purchase. I makes me feel more secure carrying the Kindle with me. I like that it is protected and lightweight. The service was wonderful and I recieved my product quickly.
B006INDMEE|3.0|This was a good movie...good story and great acting (Helen Miren is amazing as always).  However, I was expecting more suspense as I thought this was a thriller.  The story was slow and more of a drama than a thriller.  That being said, I still enjoyed the film.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|5 stars if you could blank and/or lock remote. Transfer of audio is a nice touch but needs to mute remote. Looking fotward to updates!
B0063IH60K|5.0|spent lots of time enjoying. this.game. especially like the hint feature! also like the winnow game feature,  very clever. thanks!
B005V20JKI|5.0|as an adult I love this game just as much as my kids. there is a lot to unlock so it takes a while to complete. it is challenging, but quick. overall my favorite app game yet!
B00004Y6NV|5.0|Less flash than previous works but can hold my attention for hours. This is a terrific collection of performances that gets better with age.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game was better than others. I already beat the whole thing, and I hate that one spaceship level!!! I can't get past those ships that shoot two red lasers and the one blue.laser in the middle. My point is, it was worth getting!!!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Major problem. It keeps shutting down,which is really irritating.  This really needs to be fixed quickly. I'm glad that I got it on a free app day. I would have hated to pay anything for it. Even only 99 cents.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The game is good except there are to many adds you would love this game if you like a lot of mini games
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is so awesome. not too easy, not to hard. I love it. you have to buy more games by playing all the other games :) sooo Cool!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is really fun and you never get bored with it it is hard to get points though but that's not a problem
B0055SWM08|5.0|Fun puzzles and relaxing music. Graphics are nice too.  Most puzzles are pretty quick so it's a good game to play when you have a few minutes to kill. Recommended.
B004VMVTNU|4.0|Excellent app that I've come to rely on. I need several repeat alarms over the week. A weekday wake up for me, one for the children, reminder to get off the computer and get ready for work NOW, prepare to leave work NOW so I don't miss the bus, Sat & Sun wake ups and I also to set reminders during the day (in 30 minutes do/meet X). This easy to set up app does exactly what I need. Just enough customization without being complicated.
B004A8ZWW4|5.0|I saw this film in the cinema and really enjoyed it.  I am not ashamed to admit that i was not originally up for watching this being forced along by friends. but as we left I found I had enjoyed it more than any of the others.  The film revolves around the idea of robots boxing. a cool concept which is executed well in the film. the main character Hugh Jackman is a failing robot boxer whos career is turned around by the appearance of his young son. the story goes from there climaxing with some awesome visuals and sadly the cheesiest ending of a film in a while (not that they couldn't avoid one).   other than the ending this is one of my favourite films of 2011, and one that shouldn't be missed. now a sequels been announced im pumped for 2014!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|perfect solitaire set up.  very clean design and nice graphics.  and its free.  very quiet as well.  recommend to everyone
B005WY8YZW|1.0|FOR ALL POTENTIAL BUYERS OF THIS ALBUM THAT PLAN TO BUY THIS NEW FROM AMAZON.com, I STRONGLY ADVISE YOU DON'T DO THAT AND BELOW I'll EXPLAIN WHY.<br /><br />I saw reviews before I bought this brand new off of Amazon of how people had been cheated into buying a cheap bootleg of this album when they ordered it off of the website's store brand new. I didn't think it was something I should worry about and that it was something that happened to only a select few people. When I actually got my CD in the mail, I popped the CD into the player about 5 times trying to get it to work only to realize when I looked at the bottom that it somewhat resembled a CD-RW. I then looked at the packaging for liner notes and they were nowhere to be found and there were also no signs of a record label's mark on the back or any copyright infringement warning. This was most definitely a bootleg and I was very frustrated about it.<br /><br />This is where I'll briefly tell you about the actual music (the music itself I'd give 5 stars). On this album, Maynard James Keenan shows that he's grown up as a musician and also wants to expand on his sound. Some of it can be related to Tool or A Perfect Circle but this sounds like a Maynard solo album with the help from his female vocalist in certain songs. There's a lot of experimentation with instruments and there's definitely a more industrial feel. Sometimes the electronics remind me of \\"Kid A\\" or \\"OK Computer\\" in that they aren't as heavy but more atmospheric and create a certain mood. Don't get me wrong though, some of the industrial flavored songs on here sound like Trent Reznor could've been involved at times. Towards the end of the album, the songs get more soft and more melodic while still maintaining a great vibe and the last song is driven by the banjo but the way it's used is so inventive and amazing. I'd also like to address that the name of the band doesn't represent anything satanic if you were worried about that; it seems to me that Maynard James Keenan is just as much against the devil as anyone, the lyrics sometimes have dry sarcasm where Maynard sings things like \\"The devil made me do it, sweet Jesus save me\\" (mocking people for blaming the devil for their own evil) or \\"I'll knock you down like Kane did to Abel, better hope it takes you before I do\\" (acknowledging the Rapture and voicing a character saying that basically he hopes God shows the mercy that his humanity couldn't). All in all, a great album but don't treat it like a Tool or APC album because that's not what it is.<br /><br />I CAN\\"T STRESS THIS ENOUGH, BUY THIS FROM A DIFFERENT VENDOR ON HERE BESIDES AMAZON OR BUY IT IN A STORE. JUST DO NOT BUY BRAND NEW FROM AMAZON.com OR THERE'S A POSSIBILITY YOU MAY END UP SCREWED WITH A BOOTLEG.just as much against the devil as anyone, the lyrics sometimes have dry sarcasm where Maynard sings things like \\"The devil made me do it, sweet Jesus save me\\" (mocking people for blaming the devil for their own evil) or \\"I'll knock you down like Kane did to Abel, better hope it takes you before I do\\" (acknowledging the Rapture and voicing a character saying that basically he hopes God shows the mercy that his humanity couldn't). All in all, a great album but don't treat it like a Tool or APC album because that's not what it is.  I CAN\\"T STRESS THIS ENOUGH, BUY THIS FROM A DIFFERENT VENDOR ON HERE BESIDES AMAZON OR BUY IT IN A STORE. JUST DO NOT BUY BRAND NEW FROM AMAZON.com OR THERE'S A POSSIBILITY YOU MAY END UP SCREWED WITH A BOOTLEG.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|my favorite part of this app is the reading plans and the audio content. can't beat it! social networking is great too. for a good challenge do professor horners reading plan
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Games are decent , they offer a bit of a challenge, not too hard though.  Good enough for fun on the run.  Ads are a bit distracting, but it is free so it works out.
1558216847|2.0|The main issue here is not whether the story is true, which it obviously is not.  The issue is how millions of $$ are being spent on a hoax when there are so many better causes to support.  IMHO those who believe this story without doing research are guilty of negligence.  I'm guessing such readers fall for the kinds of urban legends that are regularly being propagated across the web without availing themselves of snopes.com.  Shame on you!   Several years ago a gullible friend passed the audio (CD) version of the story to me.  I was fascinated & ready to believe a rather fantastical tale, until  I got to the desert portion and my own credence vanished.  I've done quite a bit of hiking and long-distance running & cycling, and have spent some time in the U.S. Four Corners region which is very dry and hot in summer, and also I'm fairly well versed in exercise physiology.  I'm hardly the world's toughest man psychologically, but I'm quite fit (sadly, not very fast) and I'm certain that the dehydration due to hiking one day of 20+ miles in the desert would be enough to incapacitate most people (even well-fed people), much less 12 days straight. Even a gallon a day would be insufficient to keep you going.  There are Ethiopian distance runners who evidently can run 20-30 miles in a day training in sunny, arid conditions without water during the run, but I've never heard of one who would attempt another day of this without taking on major fluids in between.  Also, the Ethiopians are acclimated to these conditions since childhood.  Just look at how much water Tour de France cyclists take on in a day both on and off the bike.  Also recall that some earthquake victims have been known to survive 10-15 days without water, but they're not moving! (Plus they are barely functioning, usually near death, when found.)  It's too bad, as other reviewers have noted, that this saga is billed as true; if it were just presented as fiction it would make a fun read. As it is, at some point areasonably skeptical reader will become so annoyed at the hoax that s/he will just toss the book or CDs aside, uncompleted.    IMHO the author stitched together true or almost-true stories from Siberia and the Himalaya (IMHO, Yetis probably existed maybe even into the 20th Century), and then like many other hoaxers tried to claim them as a personal true adventure.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i like it keeps me entertained my kids haven't tried it yet you know they are always the true test though ill update later
B002VPE1AW|5.0|The quality was great.  No problems playing this brand new DVD.  My son loved his Christmas present from his sister.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very good app great games in the app so I give it 5 stars because of all the great games and.how you don't have to pay
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is an awesome game the only problem is that all of the games don't. have instructens so you have to guess how to play
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games came highly recommended to me by a friend.  I bought the first book and had to pry myself away from all three of them, so good!  These books seemed to flawlessly touch so many subjects; politics, love, family, survival, power, trust, courage... Gosh, I just loved them and wish I could find more books to lose myself into!  If you are wondering whether or not to invest your time in The Hunger Games, the answer is Yes!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love the unlockable aspect.  it has tons of replay value.  check this game out if you are a fan of the mini game genre.
0596805888|4.0|Cooking for Geeks deserves more respect in the kitchen than its title and writing style invite.  The book hails from the O'Reilly Publishing people, whose closest previous title was \\"The Website Cookbook\\" --for programmers organizing internet sites.  So it's no surprise this book reads like a misplaced coding geek's guide to cooking.  And it contains the best information on websites with cooking information beyond mere recipe lists.  As you'd expect from the title, the material is often deliberately awkward.  And as you'd expect from a book targeted at quirky and sometimes brilliant people, there's enough quality to the content so the book deserves at least grudging respect.  As a cookbook, it starts at the same basic level as Bittman or Madison, and experienced readers may wince at the dorky combination of awkward style with introductory material.  Persevere past the sidebar material by Adam Savage.  You'll start to notice that the recipes include favorites from respectable mainstream food writers.  ...Recipes you might have seen in books by serious cooks, commentary on Maillard reactions, trendy menu items like Lemon Quinoa and Salmon Gravlax, even a couple of recipes you might add to your collection.  Cooking for Geeks is only part cookbook.  It also sets out to explain modernist cuisine to the kind of people who work for Nathan Myhrvold.  So it's no surprise Myhrvold's advice appears on a sidebar on page 388, close to the conclusion of the book.  The text includes a substantial discussion of sous vide cooking, complete with instruction on how to hot wire a Home Depot thermocouple to my wife's Hamilton Beach slow cooker.  It covers the waterfront on gels and explains how to make smoke flavored waters in the home kitchen.  It explains why you can't make decent pizza at home, how you can get better results by overclocking your oven (misusing the oven cleaning cycle), and how you can avoid the crazy risks this entails by baking a hot cast iron frying pan.  Even though I'm embarrassed to admit I opened a book with a title like this, I learned many useful tidbits of molecular gastronomy that didn't overlap material from Herve This.  So this book earns a place on the bookshelf of the genuinely innovative cook, though you may want to keep it in a brown paper cover.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|eh its ok but needs more games. and it could have difficult levels and play against friends just could be better
B0052UZIFA|2.0|Like others have stated, the game freezes every 5-10 mins on galaxy nexus. Used to work great on my DROID charge, and I loved the game when it worked. Will rate 5 when this issue is fixed.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Lots of games and super fun. I don't get tired of playing, And you can always play the passed games and get more money...
B0054JZC6E|3.0|just started this but already noticing the controls stick on some games. otherwise I am enjoying some different entertainment, we'll see how it goes with more games
B0063GORYU|5.0|Well...i like to play spider solitaire and this is a simple spider solitaire app so enough said! Its nicely done &amp; easy to use. Good time waster.
B0063GORYU|4.0|works great on my kindle fire. basic spider solitaire game no annoying ads.  recommend to pass time and just like on computer
0823023494|5.0|I thought that judging a book by its cover only counted for the written word, but apparently it works for art books, too! Seeing this book, I thought it was going to be something like the Christopher Hart \\"How To\\" series, but surprisingly it has a lot of great art and even better advice. If you can get past the heartbreaking fact that everything is in Comic Sans, it has some great tips and gives clear, illustrated examples of why these tips work. I personally know my weakness is in my character designs, and I feel this book has really changed the way I draw. If you can get past the typeface, I can't recommend it enough.
B001UV4XJ2|3.0|The 3 stars are for the movie being good, great price and the fact that I was able to get an iTunes digital copy.  As many others have indicated Warner Bros has made an idiotic decision to move to ultraviolet as a \\"digital\\" format which is nothing more than streaming (you can't use this on your iPad/iphone etc like you were in the past just by downloading in iTunes. I had read reviews and was aware of this new format and the fact that you had to download a bunch of other things you may not want/need. I only bought this blurry/dvd set because it dropped down to $15 and I did enjoy the movie and wanted to add it to my collection of Harry Potter movies. I read that someone had actually gone to ultraviolet/flixter support page and sent an email complaining of their frustration at having to have a streaming copy rather than an actual digital copy like advertised etc. and they received an iTunes code for a digital copy of this movie. So I decided to give it a go and luckily flixter/WB was smart enough to know (even though they just had to mention many people are happy with this new format) that they should fix their mistake. I received an iTunes code which worked and I am happily able to load this on my iPhone and any other device I take with me on trips without needing to worry about having access or even signing up for flixter and services I neither need nor want. I don't know if this is something they're planning on doing for everyone who writes them a complaint but if you're unhappy and you bought this version just send them a complaint, you have nothing to lose and it's worth it if you can get an iTunes compatible version. Also as a side note I never tried the ultraviolet code or downloaded flixter etc I just stated that I was upset that I was required to download a bunch of things just to view my digital copy. They also required my ultraviolet code as proof of purchase  Hope this helps those looking for an iTunes copy
B0054JZC6E|4.0|entertaining.....some games are very challenging. spent hours playing... be better if had less advertising.  some games are hard.  made smile &euro;:
B0063GORYU|5.0|easy to play even on a small screen. quick tap to auto move. one of my favorite games, I love it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|lil sis loves this game she has like every game in the. like wow I don't now what to say bye
B0000DYKET|5.0|3 years and still amazing.  My only shoe to go camping/canoeing.  Then wear them every day..... even to church! I just ordered keen hiking shoes so I can wear something descent during the winter time!  You can't go wrong with this sandal!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I tried about 4 remote access app before this one and I got to say that I'm impress after I tried this one.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I'm still learning my way around my kindle fire, but so far this app has been super easy. I wish it had more study notes.  Other than that I really enjoy its ease of use. Wasn't sure how I felt. about giving up my hard bound, but so far I love this. Thanks, YouVersion.
B0058RCVYS|5.0|Great film. Interesting narrative that is easy to follow. The story of a past love reintroduced and how a twenty year gap has effected those involved. A new family is melded as the original partners story is revealed. Beautifully shot and cast.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|So the games locked. In order to unlock games you need to get points by playing games already unlocked. However the games itself are the hardest and some what dumb, since you don't get instructions on how to play. I played for 5 mins, and uninstalled.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Numerous mini games with various degrees of difficulty. The added challenge of earning new games will keep you coming back for more.
B004US4K2C|1.0|Downloaded the application from amazon app store , but not able install getting error message. Looks like the application is not supported. Not sure why this app is not removed from Amazon store
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I would be care full when you play these games this is very fun and a good family game to play
B000EQ5HSK|1.0|A lens hood is necessary under certain lighting conditions, and most aftermarket lens hoods do nothing or even exacerbate flare and loss of contrast due to the fact that the surface of the inside of the hood is usually just shiny plastic which reflects light into the lens. Canon lens hoods have a felt lining, or flocking, which prevents light from reflecting off the inside of the hood. However, there are aftermarket lens hoods with flocking. I personally use the [[ASIN:B002K46DEQ Fotodiox Dedicated (Bayonet) Lens Hood, for Canon EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8 IS USM Lens as Canon EW-83J]]. It fits and it functions.<br /><br />I would rather buy a $1 lens hood on eBay and glue felt to the inside than pay $50.00 for something that should have come with my lens. There's simply no justification for Canon not to include a lens hood with every lens, and no justification to buy a Canon brand lens hood unless you've got no other choice, or want it as a fashion accessory.
0062082353|3.0|Very broad stroke tale of Chris Kyle's career as a SEAL. Broad in the sense that there is very little detail on actual shots taken/contact with enemies (where he actually engaged targets in his capacity as a sniper).  I was initially going to review the book after having read the first 30% of it which left me a bit disappointed but I decided to give it a chance, and finished it before re-writing my entire review. I fully agree with some of the previous reviews that the writing could have been better and I have to admit that I actually started wanting to skip all the passages written by Chris's wife (Taya) entirely. It does give a bit of perspective on their private life but as a shooter I was more interested in Chris's actual accounts.  I found it very interesting (and initially a bit brazen) how Chris starts his book exactly the same way Carlos Hatchcock* did with his autobiography referencing having had to kill a woman the same way Carlos started his book having had to kill a boy. Later in the book Chris pays homage to Carlos so the similarity became understandable.  * Carlos Hathcock - technically the best sniper ever to have walked the earth and probably the best written Sniper autobiography to date)  Comparing the countless records on fighting in wars like Vietnam compared to modern day warfare in places like Iraq you cant seem to shake the feeling that the enemy guys like Chris face there just aren't cut from the same cloth. The Vietcong were a very formidable enemy, living the war and being excellent at guerilla warfare, tracking, planning and even having some superb snipers in their ranks. Reading Chris talk about his enemy using beachballs to cross a river in order to reach American positions (which he promptly shot resulting in them drowning), the enemy mostly being completely jacked up on heroin, being stupid and having NO clue how to actually fight (pot shots and stupid fighting) and talking about picking off enemy soldiers on a nightly basis (sometimesup to 3 a night) really gives the impression that its much easier to rake up a high kill tally than it was in past wars. Chris goes on to admit how much he admires Carlos Hathcock and that he admits he is not even in the same league saying that he got as many kills as he did because he was lucky in mostly being where the action was. Therefore reading about some of the kills leaves you feeling less than 'impressed'. That being said, what Chris has achieved and what he did for his country is nothing short of heroic and respectable.  Chris does go on to discuss some of the street fights (clearing building to building) he was involved in out of his own choice after swapping his rifle for a Marines m-16 in order to fight along side them as he felt he could be of more use to the marines he was assisting on the ground than he could be as over-watch (a large number of his kills were CQ kills), which is also highly respectable.  So...   - If you are interested in the technical side of being a Sniper and actual details on shots taken, there are better books (for a start Carlos Hathcock's autobiography, A 100% flawless must read!)  - If you're interest is purely in details of SEAL operations and their involvement in recent wars (Iraq) then this book will probably disappoint as it lacks detail. It is however very interesting to see how much the role of the modern day SEAL has changed (where and how they are deployed and how they operate as part of joint force missions with other branches of the US military).  - If you want to read about Chris Kyle for the sake of learning about him as a person, where he came from and a quick run-down on his kill record (with no detail on separate kills as they tend to be summed up as \\"...that day I killed 3...\\" then this book will probably be of interest.  All in all a good-ish book...couldn't say its $13 I'd spend again for the Kindle version, but not regretting having read it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game , after you start you cant stop. just a awesome game!! I love it.  nh sister and cousin also downloaded it
B004O3YGMC|4.0|gave four stars because the zoom out was a little confusing .. besides that I love this app. used on the kindle. fire.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Impressive app. Just could not believe seeing my desktop software on my tablet. Easy to install and work with. A must have if you need remote control over desktops for file management and when you want to use applications (like photoshop, microsoft word, nikon capture nx or itunes to mention a few) on your tablet that are installed on your desktop.  Wishlist: opportunity to use my tablet microphone to control the microphone input of the remote desktop and the opportunity to save files from the tablet to the  remote desktop.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Amazing app. Works wonders, no lag at all. So many useful things you can use this for. Awesome awesome awesome.
B005BDZLYQ|2.0|First, let me say that I paid almost nothing per album, and all of these albums are great. However, price is the only reason this product doesn't get 1 star.  This is cheap because it is a euro-bootleg edition from a shady label. It's part of the crop of recent reissues that resulted from old jazz albums falling into the public domain in England after 50 years.  They say these are \\"digitally remastered,\\" but that doesn't mean anything specific. They also claim it's a high quality presentation of these albums, and that is objectively untrue. In this case, these CDs sound like they were recorded from either degraded old tapes or old LPs and then subjected to a lot of nasty EQ to brighten up the mix. Clearly this process was not supervised by a talented audio engineer in a proper studio, because these mixes hurt my ears. I have to roll off the high end just to make them tolerable. What were they thinking?  I plan to listen to these albums, decide which ones I like, and then buy the real digital remasters from the real labels, since I can't stand to listen to these harsh, tinny, and distorted mixes for long.  Almost every one of these \\"4 classic albums\\" and \\"8 classic albums\\" type reissues from Avid Jazz and Real Gone Jazz suffer from these same drawbacks. The Real Gone Jazz items are much worse than Avid though -- on average.
0307593312|5.0|Haruki Murakami. After so many years one of my favourite writers has finally released upon us his new oeuvre, dubbed 1Q84 (the `q' being a visual pun on the japanese symbol for the number 9). To be fair, the book was released in Japan a long ago but, as usual, it took ages for the translation to reach our anglophone shelves. Apparently a team of 3 different translators was entrusted with the task and they surely deserve credit for that because I, for one, wasn't able to notice any difference in the flow of the language when passing from one book to the next. Speaking of books, 1Q84 is made up by 3 of them, each chronicling one quarter of the year 1984 or, rather, its parallel dimension, 1Q84, \\"a world that bears a question mark\\". The narrative starts in April and ends in December. 1Q84 is a quintessential Murakami novel. Inside you will find many themes and cues familiar to long-standing fans of the writer, plus the usual dash of surreal fiction. In a nutshell the novel is about two people, Tengo and Aomane, in love with each other since middle school and their quest to meet again after their first encounter. This will take over 900 pages to happen, the reason being that in Murakami land nothing happens in a straighforward way: first of all the characters move from one dimension to the next, subtly different from their own (how about two moons in the sky?). Tengo ghostwrites a novel that might perhaps reveal a bit too much about a mysterious cult (Murakami put here to good use the experience gathered when researching for his Underground essay on the Aum cult) that worships `The Little People'. Who they are exactly, in typical Murakami fashion, is one of the many threads left hanging in the air. Then you have a hideous-looking private eye detective, air chrysalises, a mysterious 17yo girl, a rich dowagers who orders the assassination of violent husbands, etc. What I like best about Murakami's narrative is its calm-inducing effect. Everything, be it the preparation of a dish, the meticulous description of a music piece, a torrid sex scene or the most surreal event is narrated with the same tone: soft, elegant and straighforward, taking time to ponder things as if time itself, even in the most frantic situation, weren't such a pressing concern. It's no surprise then, as many have observed, that all Murakami's characters somehow end up being philosophers of sort. 1Q84 is a deeply enjoyable novel, a clash of the mundane and the magical (perhaps this is Japan's answers to Magic Realism), at turns suspenseful but, above all, engrossing. It's not my favourite Murakami novel (that honour would go to \\"Kafka on the Shore\\") but it's still an excellent, long-waited for piece of fiction.a dish, the meticulous description of a music piece, a torrid sex scene or the most surreal event is narrated with the same tone: soft, elegant and straighforward, taking time to ponder things as if time itself, even in the most frantic situation, weren't such a pressing concern. It's no surprise then, as many have observed, that all Murakami's characters somehow end up being philosophers of sort. 1Q84 is a deeply enjoyable novel, a clash of the mundane and the magical (perhaps this is Japan's answers to Magic Realism), at turns suspenseful but, above all, engrossing. It's not my favourite Murakami novel (that honour would go to \\"Kafka on the Shore\\") but it's still an excellent, long-waited for piece of fiction.
B000001GAE|5.0|Pollini's recording of Liszt's B-minor sonata is fantastic and does justice to this piece that stands out as one of the most interesting contributions to the sonata repertoire.
0307477479|3.0|`A Visit From the Goon Squad' won the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Period. I feel I should mention this, at least once, otherwise the fact would end up being the proverbial `elephant in the room'. Back in 2007 I reviewed Egan's debut novel, `The Keep', writing that in my opinion it was an deeply flawed piece of fiction by an author that was in fact very talented. I hadn't read anything by the author since then but judging by the unanimous acclaim surrounding her latest work, that very same talent seems to have fully blossomed... or hasn't it? `A Visit...' belongs to the American Novel canon (your chances to win the Pulitzer are severely compromised if your oeuvre doesn't), i.e., a novel of social criticism, where the plot is more often than not an excuse to cover recent or not-so-recent facts about American history and society. Those books tend to be fat, mammooth-like whereas Egan's is slim, especially if you consider that about 70 pages or so take the form of powerpoint slides (supposedly this is meant to convey the fact that in the future young people will find it difficult to write a diary in the traditional fashion. My reaction to that: die post-modernism, die!). It casts a long list of characters, all of which are more or less intertwined, and covers a quite long time span, ranging from the '70s to the near future. It starts with young punks in the Bay area and end with toddlers downloading music and young people being generally unable to communicate unless in stripped-down, sms-like form. Yes, the social commentary is this shallow and that would be my first, major, complaint. There is nothing deeply illuminating here about American society (the coming of age parts are quite standard and so are the what-happened-to-my-dreams ones). The plot itself is steeped in nostalgia: `ah, I used to be a punk-rocker and now I'm a prick' and so on... It also involves too many characters which means that you won't have the time to either fall in love or feel empathy towards a single one. Judging by these few words you'd think I hated the book. In fact I didn't, although I most definitely think it didn't deserve the Pulitzer and still feel Egan has to mature, as a writer. Yet I'll readily admit that there a few interesting passages, a few even bordering on brilliance (Jules's fictional piece about his interview and subsequent rape attempt with a celebrity, Bosco's disastrous PR strategy). The book is short and well written which means that it's easy to overlook its flaws and somehow fall in line, if not in love, with the quick narrative. In the hands of somebody such as Franzen (which I don't like but one has to give Caesar his due) this same novel would have turned into a much more ambitious, and deep, work whereas in the hands of a maverick such as Tom Robbins it would have quite possibly turned into an hilarious, drugged-up adventure (I'm positive he would have done wonders with characters such as Sasha, Bennie or Bosco, Egan is too well-mannered to render in a convincing way dope-heads and misfits). Either way, I still feel this novel, while not awful, is definitely overvalued.rds a single one. Judging by these few words you'd think I hated the book. In fact I didn't, although I most definitely think it didn't deserve the Pulitzer and still feel Egan has to mature, as a writer. Yet I'll readily admit that there a few interesting passages, a few even bordering on brilliance (Jules's fictional piece about his interview and subsequent rape attempt with a celebrity, Bosco's disastrous PR strategy). The book is short and well written which means that it's easy to overlook its flaws and somehow fall in line, if not in love, with the quick narrative. In the hands of somebody such as Franzen (which I don't like but one has to give Caesar his due) this same novel would have turned into a much more ambitious, and deep, work whereas in the hands of a maverick such as Tom Robbins it would have quite possibly turned into an hilarious, drugged-up adventure (I'm positive he would have done wonders with characters such as Sasha, Bennie or Bosco, Egan is too well-mannered to render in a convincing way dope-heads and misfits). Either way, I still feel this novel, while not awful, is definitely overvalued.
B0052GACNM|5.0|It is a great cd. All his music is good. Tony Bennett is a great singer. Go and get it.
B005MYEQ9U|5.0|I recently was fortunate to see this opera at the Met and it was wonderful.  Ana Netrebko is simply amazing.  Yet, many aspects of this production are better than that of the Met.  The inclusion of the child Elizabeth in the final scenes was particularly poignant.
0762439009|2.0|My wife got me this kit as an Xmas gift because I'm a huge fan of the movie.  Unfortunately she bought it in a book store while on a trip, so returning it isn't an option, otherwise this thing would have gone back for a refund.  It's basically just a collection of Lebowski-themed junk.  The rug mouse pad is probably the highlight of the kit - it's actually pretty nice.  The coffee mug isn't bad either, although it's really small - probably the smallest coffee mug I've ever seen.  The \\"Dude\\" bowling shirt patch I've got absolutely no use for, and the magnet is pretty useless too.  As others have pointed out, the Achiever certificate comes folded up which makes displaying/framing it pretty much impossible.  And the booklet - it's just a collection of still frames and quotes from the movie that takes about 5 minutes to read.  I probably could have put together a nicer book than that myself.  But the real crime is that I GOT NO TOE.  No sign of one in the box at all.  I don't know if someone screwed up at the Lebowski factory or if some light-fingered employee at the book store took it.  If you're thinking of buying this as a gift for someone you know who loves all things Lebowski, do yourself a favor and keep looking.  There are other, much more nicer Lebowski-themed books, t-shirts and what-have-you out there.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Good game, sometimes the animations lag on the Kindle though. Would recommend to you if you're looking for solitaire or just something to do.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I am very grateful for this app. It it very easy to use. I like being able to make notes and highlighting passages. I love the plan feature.
B000QXDED6|3.0|I personally didn't love this.  but I know a lot of others that have so I think it just wasnt a movie for me.  But worth watching once.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is sick. I play other things but they get old. this keeps me goin. Its also a little irritating at some times.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I got this game because it seemed pretty cool, it is. if you like to kill time than this is your game
B0054JZC6E|2.0|it is kind of fun but not the best game in the world some of the games are not very fun
B0063IH60K|5.0|Takes me back to the days of being on dial up and needing something to do while waiting for pages to load. Love the single tap feature so I'm not having to drag everything around. Love this game!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this game but there is one problem some of the games just move too slow to move to the place you need to get so I always die like the game decent.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love it its all kind of games in one its fun I play it all the time my bff love it to
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great for passing time, and even better that its free! trying it out on the kindle fire, so far all the controls are simple and work great
B006PKQQJS|5.0|really addictive totally worth paying.. on my kindle fire it installed naturally and i started playing instantly!! super fun GET IT!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is amazing I cant get enough. I'm supper obsessed with it! I love it its challenging and fun the games couldn't be beter
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this game is great quality and lots of fun. This game should be downloaded by everyone, its free and has good games.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|not as good as I had hoped, games are really quite stupid. the expected scores are really too high on some of the games.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this game is very challenging. there is no way that you would be bored with this. I have uninstalled a bunch off stuff but this is not on the list.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a great game to play on the kindle fire.  my son loves to play all of the different games.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I play this game daily on my iphone so was glad to see it available on android. right or left handed play is the best feature in my opinion. best solitaire app ive encountered so far. background and card back options are good too.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I luv Solitaire I play it on the computer, laptop, kindle fire, smart phone I phone....What can I say other than this is my favorite game of all time.....
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is very simple to use, just download the computer you want to use even multiple ones and you're ready to go it's that that easy.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|these are very fun mini games. i would say great for all people of all ages.  children and adults alike will enjoy this
0385534639|1.0|I agree with the reviewer who said that the setting of the book was incredible (or could've been), but there was little of anything else there. I am extremely frustrated (I paid $12.99 for this?! Seriously, publishers, ebook should not cost this much). Reading of The Night Circus became an unpleasant chore for me. I can easily read 100 pages an evening, but it took me 3 weeks to finish The Night Circus.<br /><br />The book started off with a bang, but then quickly fell apart. The writing itself Was incredibly clunky in places; in other places it was quite fluid. I do not understand how this is possible - was there no editor? The descriptions of the circus tents did not conjure up anything in my mind, they were grating and painful, actually. The voice used just didn't fit, it was a major fail. I do not have an issue with the intertwining storylines like some of the other readers - I think that they were easy to follow. But I agree that the characters were not developed well. I personally couldn't get invested in their story. Frankly, I did not care whether any of them survived or not.<br /><br />This is all really frustrating because I am left with a feeling that the author had a great story to tell, but she and her editors failed miserably in delivering it. There were snippets that were really great. That is the only reason why I finished the book - I had this feeling that it would get better if I just gave it another chance. But it did not. What a shame.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|There is really nothing I can say that hasn't already been said countless times by other reviewers. This book was terrible. Collins really fumbled this one. I could hardly put down the first two books but Mockingjay was tough to get through. Collins must have little respect for her readers, as all the \\"good\\" scenes were told to us secondhand by Haymitch in one sentence. So this book was basically Katniss sniveling and being depressed somewhere, and then someone will come in and say something important happened but we, the audience, don't get to be there because we are tethered to an empty shell of a narrator who has absolutely no conviction. Her treatment of poor Peeta really just made me dislike Katniss completely. Don't even get me started on that horrible epilogue. Blah.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|The games in this are great! Some of them are challanging and confusing but its free and a good thing to do when passing the time on my Kindle Fire
B004SDEP38|4.0|Google docs does not allow for spreadsheet editing on Honeycomb. This works much better.  I wish that there was word wrap in the cells of spreadsheets, though.
B004LSJCJM|5.0|What else is there to say but  joe  is fantastic  im still listening to this and I got it 2 months ago I just brought his other cd black rock  this is the music to which motion picture soundtracks are made  the one song that sticks to me is no love on the street  the way he bends those notes in the true tradition of blues the whole song it'self is like a trip down dispare alley and the lyrics are very creative and hit home in terms of desperation. the song starts of quiet with a police siren in the distance and ends with intense feedback hendrix style with police sirens again.  genius! a must have for black country communion fans
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This has to be the best app for any time you need to access files from your computer from your phone always great to have.
B0033H7VI6|5.0|Very solid and GREAT feel. This knife is ready to do some gutting. It was a little bigger than expected.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The games are quick, fun, and have a wide variety of different genres to keep your interest. Earning the points to unlock more games is like a game in and of itself.<br />Their is a little bit of something for everyone here and you can't beat the price. Give it a shot!
B0063IH60K|4.0|nag me to review it and then give me a word minimum.... good game, works fine on my Kindle Fire.
B001DCQI8W|5.0|Bruckner a Austrian born 1824 died 1896, wrote his first symphony aged in his 40's.In 1868 he became the theory teacher at Vienna Conservatory. He also travelled to London and Paris as a organ virtuoso. A number of his symphonies were seen by the Vienna PO as wild and unplayable.He was caught up in the Brahms vs Wagner rivalries amongest the music establishment. He was criticised for having Wagnerian leanings, hense the length of his symphonies. He was also influenced by Beethoven. It was only in the 1880s that his No 7 symphony enjoyed success, gradually he became popular in Germany and elsewhere. Bruckner was a deeply religious man and probably that is why his symphonies have been compared to Cathedrals in their scale and appreciation of the sublime. Also,within his works can been heard the influence of the organ.His friends encouraged him to make cuts to his symphonies because of the perceived difficulties. Later he rewrote some of his earlier symphonies because of his lack of self confidence. He was considered to be a country bumpkin. This has led to problems. You have the Linz versions,the Nowak edition -the revised and cut versions, also the Haas version which usually give the work as first written. Then on top of this you have his original thoughts which he put aside for another era. Tinter usually sticks to his first thoughts.  There are those who cannot stand Van Karajan and I am one of them. However,in his recordings of the Bruckner symphonies with the Berlin Philharmoniker recorded 1975-1981, show that he had depth. No 1(Linz version),2 ,3 (1889 version,ed Nowak),4-7,8 (ed Haas).Karajans understanding of the powerful currents that flow beneath the surfaces of symphonies such as the fifth, or no 7-9 has never been bettered. He brings out the beautiful melodies which show that Karajan could be visionary. This is a classic set and a good set to have if you are a first timer.   Jochum conducts the Staatskapelle Dresden 1975-1980. Symphonies no 1, 4,7 and 9 are Nowak. 6 original version and so forth. These are the difficulties one has with Bruckner. Jochum was a spiritual man and hense his conducting of the symphonies have religious qualities and a strong feeling of mystery.His highly charged, romantically intense, spontaneous approach may appeal. However, if you are used to Karajans interpretation,Jochum can seem stop-start like an immense organ. Tinter is rather slow but he attempts to stick to Bruckners original thoughts. So you are spoilt for choice by Van Karajan,Jochum and Tinter, all great Bruckner conductors.Also, on Bluray there is Franz Welser-Most conducting the Cleveland Orchestra, a good rendition of the piece. The conductor is almost close to tears in the slow movement.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun and challenging for all ages. can be boring at times though. gaining money to unlock the bee games gets boring
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is super awsome I loved it so muchxso many games to play and their all awosome and fun and there's a variety of levels difficulties and its just so aswome I loved it and you've gotta get it
1423136802|5.0|This was a great deal!  I enjoy this series, and bought it for my daughter, 14.  She loves it, and now my husband has read it and loved it.  Thanks Amazon - shipping was fast, even though it was right before Christmas!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this is actually a really good game idea. playing games to unlock more games and you earn points for just simply trying over and over. also you get to pick which games you can unlock. just some of the controls may be hard to handle. but then again folks you did buy a kindle.
B000V9D5LG|4.0|Nice mid range lens.  Allows for more mobility without having to change lenses quite so often.  Like the Image Stabilizer feature.  This should help when not using a tripod.
0062011847|3.0|I went into this book with considerable concerns after reading some of the early reviews claiming that Sir Terry had forgotten how to write his own characters. I wish I could say the book put all of my concerns to rest, but while still enjoyable by any standard, there is something critical missing from this entry in the Watch series and its absence is almost palpable.  Though none of them rise to the level of being fully and completely out-of-character, several characters in the book did come across as feeling slightly alien. What feels like an entirely redesigned Willikins is an obvious example, but Vetinari in particular feels like a completely different personality in all but one of the scenes he appears in. Other characters have this problem to lesser degrees, but it isn't quite as glaring as some of the more negative reviews make it sound.    The bigger problem is simply the narrative, or lack thereof, which meanders between Vimes uncharacteristically using magic as a crutch in order to solve a relatively simple crime and a distantly related mishap with the other officers back in Ankh-Morpork. While we've had excellent Watch stories in the past which barely featured most of the crew, they've never felt as poorly used as they do in Snuff. The few officers who do show up are resigned to what's essentially a B-plot that only peripherally connects to the main narrative and never really feels vitally important to the mystery. They come across as padding for a main story that simply didn't have enough material ready to stand on its own.  Which brings us to the biggest issue in the book: with care to avoid any outright spoilers, the 'mystery' isn't much of one by the standards of previous Watch novels. The crime and its perpetrators are set up early in an uncharacteristically obvious and heavy-handed manner and there are no real twists or surprises from then on. The rest of the book is merely ploddingly carrying out the investigation of what the readers already had spelled out for them, and even then require frequent intrusions by magical deus ex machina to hold Vimes' hand and help him solve the case. As a police procedural, it feels more like watching a psychic detective than the Vimes I know and love.  There are moments of real, honest-to-goodness Discworld brilliance in this novel where everything I love about this series shines through (the ending in particular is perfectly spot-on) - but there's a lot of pieces that clearly needed more editting and rewriting before they were ready for print. It's understandable with his circumstances why Mr. Pratchett was unable to meet that deadline with his usual wit and quality, but for that reason, I hope he doesn't push himself to write faster than he should.  The weakest Discworld novel is still one of the stronger points of the year in fantasy, but I wish this didn't feel markedly below the rest.
B005K0HDGE|4.0|Good story.  Follows the King formula. First 15% of book he ignites your imagination to think through the potential paths the story can take. The next 75% develops characters and results in attachment to many of them.  The last 10% offers a surprise-some will say the reader does not see it coming but past readers of Stephen King will likely be only mildly surprised.  I often find myself wanting SK to devote more time to the \\"ending\\" of his story.  Nonetheless, I would recommend this book-hard to put down and intriguing.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|I really just don't like how it keeps poping up with these apps u can buy to get points it interrupts the game to much
B005FPT51K|4.0|This product generally reviews poorly on various sites - so much so that had I researched it prior to picking it up on impulse at the local Apple store (figuring I could return it if necessary), I probably wouldn't have bothered. That said, I'm not sure if there have been upgrades since some of the early terrible reviews, but it seems to work fine for me. Setup wasn't difficult at all - following the instructions in the iBaby app resulted in an easy setup in about five minutes. I will say that I suspect some of the dissatisfied customers didn't understand that it has to be set up the first time with a wired connection to your router (cable is included, which is slightly surprising, but nice), but then can simply be unplugged and moved wherever you want it. I've had no significant trouble (except see below) accessing the camera on my local WiFi, over the Internet from different WiFi networks, or via AT&T's 3G network, with the expected latency depending on access method. I'll say that I'm not particularly fluent with wireless networking or webcams, so I would have returned the thing long before messing around with port forwarding or any of the other 'advanced user settings' that people have described having to use for various iOs based video monitors.   Beyond the quick setup guide included with the iBaby app, though, the documentation was comically bad. The device came packaged with a CD containing a PDF users guide, which appears to have been translated from Chinese either by a human who's never spoken to a native English speaker or by a computerized translation program. This quality of manual would be embarrassing for a $20 clock/radio bought at CVS. For an almost $200 device aimed at new parents and sold in the Apple Store, it's absolutely appalling. Honestly, how hard can it really be, even for a company based in China, to find a high school or college student who is a fluent speaker of both English and Mandarin to translate the frickin manual? It would probablycost about $1000!   The quality of the image itself was more than adequate - even surprisingly good with the night vision. Audio was acceptable - not as good as the Angelcare audio monitor we have, but acceptable. The iBaby app is somewhat basic, but intuitive and works fine (although I haven't tried to add a second camera yet); allows easy panning and tilting with a finger swipe as well as capturing a snapshot to your iPhone or iPad. I'm less impressed by the audio and movement alerts - not so much because they don't work as because it plays poorly in the sandbox with the iOs device's desire to be locked and asleep - I suspect it would work fine if you plugged it in and left the screen on without using the device for anything else, but who really wants to do that? The app claims you can leave it on and it will continue to function with the screen asleep; the time I tried that it resulted in waking up in the morning to a screen full of multiple text alerts (the audible alert seems not to have sounded, and given how loud it is I'm pretty sure I would've woken up) followed ultimately by a warning that the connection to the camera had been lost.   Which leads me to my bottom line about the device, and probably the source of a lot of dissatisfaction. The iBaby, and probably iOs-based baby video monitors in general, are not quite ready for prime time if you want to depend on it as your *only* method of monitoring the baby, particularly if you have medical concerns or anything. We use it in conjunction with our Angelcare audio monitor, which has always worked perfectly without problems; basically, we use the iBaby video to *check on* the baby, not so much to *monitor* the baby. (I.e., once we've heard her cry or whatever, to answer the question of \\"What in the world is she *doing* in there?\\" without having to go in the room.) This is not the iBaby's fault so much as it is the fault of WiFi in general - I don't know how it is for other people, but our WiFi is a little unstable - it's not terribly uncommon for it to drop signal or kick a laptop or our BluRay player off the network. For most devices, this simply results in a freeze for a few seconds while the device signs back on to WiFi; for the iBaby, you pretty much have to do it manually by closing the app and opening it again. This is slightly frustrating but no big deal if you're using it like we are, but you can see how people would hate it if the iBaby were their only monitor.   I can compare the device to the Summer Infant BabyTouch, which reviews very well; we inadvertantly purchased both at the same time. The iBaby has slightly better video quality and slightly worse audio quality than the Summer Infant, although both were adequate. (It's not HD, but for a little webcam with night vision, what do you want?) The Summer Infant has a (digital) zoom that's not very useful, whereas the iBaby does not. Controlling the camera is much better with the iBaby. The Summer Infant has a built in speaker that you can use to talk back through it; somewhat deceptively, the iBaby doesn't (what it has is a *connection* for an external speaker that you have to buy separately), but we don't really feel like that's all that important. The iBaby has the above problems with unstable WiFi connections, whereas the Summer Infant worked perfectly out of the box, never losing connection even for a moment. They're similarly priced; some reviwers have described the iBaby as grossly overpriced, which it probably is if you have the networking skills to buy a Foscam for about $100, an iOs based app for $5-10 to drive it, and set it up on your wireless network. I don't, and I have better uses for the several hours (and probably having to purchase a book on wireless networking) that it would take me to figure it out; I'd rather just pay the extra money.   So why did we keep the iBaby and send the Summer Infant back? Because the Summer Infant reliably - although not instantaneously, which is interesting - fried our WiFi network and made all sorts of devices, from networked printers to our BluRay player, to my wife's laptop, completely useless because of poor connection. Now, it's been suggested that this problem can be solved by changing the channel on your router (we use a Cisco Linksys E3000), but again, I really don't want to be spending my time playing sysadmin for my wireless network when it's clearly the fault of a specific device with a noisy signal. We'll keep our reliable Angelcare sudio monitor for workhorse use and our iBaby for visual checking in, thanks.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|Cheap games, no tutorial. Games often laggy and glitchy. Only start off with 10 games and have to earn credits to purchase more
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|read the book in two days despite my busy scedule. It made me cry and appreciate many things I haven't thought of before. Such an inspirational book. Godbless you Jaycee
B002JVWRAO|5.0|always been a huge fan of the show so i had to get the entire seasons. very happy with the purchase and how quickly it arrived when it did. thanks!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Most games require good dexterity.  A great app if you have this skill.  It also has a few knowledge games for those of us that lack that skill, but progress is much slower.
B004O3YGMC|1.0|didn't realize home computer had to be on for app to work. that means someone could be in front of your screen and see what you're doing how scathe is that
B004SUWR2C|4.0|I love this game its fun I play it all the time I just bought it before my basketball game and I wanted to.play more but I had to go
B004O3YGMC|5.0|never used such an user friendly rdp app. it works great in every aspect, the resolution is great the navigation buttons are easy use. my new atf. A+!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is so fun to get points and new games. I love it it is fun I like yo win and play win then sit down and play hi bye good bye see ya later.
1416585710|5.0|I have listened to this book 4 times and still keeps me entranced. Just Love this book! Not what one would expect from King, as in not all horror, although that is there too, but the emotional aspects of this book are just superb! I hope King does more novels like this as it has become my personal fav!
B0066W1AZK|5.0|It feels good to have a relaxing time with Chess Free.I feel stressed out without Chessfree.  A great game for relaxation.
B006LRUVUA|5.0|Still one of my favorite apps.  I've been using this for years.  I'm happy this is now available in the kindle app store.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This android app is fun and simple to use. The graphics are good. Only plays basic version of game. This is the first Solitaire that a I've been able to use that works correctly on my tablet. Thanks.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Great app and no lag with use. Very easy to set up and use, especially with using Google accounts for logging in.
B004J4WLPU|5.0|The minute I finished this book I stood up and said \\"Wow!  That book just knocked my socks off!\\".  I probably would have used a little stronger language had my 8 year old daughter not been in the room.  But I'm glad she was in the room to see my spontaneous reaction to reading such an excellent story.  I think that having those kinds of reactions to books are why readers love to read and I want her to see that reading can be thrilling.  I guess I am saying all of this because Sister is nothing but a genius of a book.  It was one of the most unique stories I have read in quite awhile.  Sister is the story of Beatrice and Tess Hemming, sisters living an ocean apart.  In the opening of the novel Bee gets a call from her mother to tell her that Tess is missing.  Bee immediately gets on a plane to London to go home to find her sister.  As readers, we quickly find out that Tess is already dead and is presumably murdered.  The plot is told as Bee not only giving her witness statement to the lawyer in charge of Tess's case but is that she is also \\"writing\\" a letter to Tess telling her what has happened since her death.  The lawyer forces Beatrice's story to stay on track and in order but the \\"letter\\" allows for Bee to go offtrack and give emotion to the story.  It is unique in that the plot unfolds beginning in the past as Bee is flying to London.  It then takes up in the present tense as Bee is giving her statement, in past tense and in chronological order, which brings the story and the reader up to the present tense again when Bee is at her final day with the lawyer.  This may sound confusing but it is a wonder to read.  The plot unfolds for the reader as Beatrice gives her statement and writing her letter to Tess.  Lupton's writing is so cinematic that almost everything she writes about, even the settings, become characters themselves...the changing faces of Hyde Park, Mr. Wrights bright solicitor's office, St. Anne's Hospital with it's busy maternity ward, and Tess's cold basement flat with the icy steps and miraculous garden.  Her writing is so vivid, the reader can feel the changing seasons, the utter despair that Bee and her mother are suffering, the soulbreaking feeling of losing a child, and the cold rainy burial of Tess in the church graveyard.<br /><br />From there I can only say that Sister is stunning!  I will not give any more details.  This is a deeply emotional story of heartbreak, a life worth living, and the unique bond between sisters.  This is a 5 star must read!old basement flat with the icy steps and miraculous garden.  Her writing is so vivid, the reader can feel the changing seasons, the utter despair that Bee and her mother are suffering, the soulbreaking feeling of losing a child, and the cold rainy burial of Tess in the church graveyard.    From there I can only say that Sister is stunning!  I will not give any more details.  This is a deeply emotional story of heartbreak, a life worth living, and the unique bond between sisters.  This is a 5 star must read!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great fun. Easy playing. Even the grandchildren like. playing it. So relaxing to play after a stressful day at work. Try you will enjoy it.
B0063GORYU|5.0|wish you could change the look of the cards, but for a free app, I'm  not complaining.  works great on the kindle fire.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good to keep your hands and brain busy and challenging but not too hard<br /> excellent game for free and for all ages!
B0055V6EZE|5.0|Since I was watching \\"A Bit of Fry and Laurie\\" while I was stationed in Germany, I already knew that Hugh Laurie was a hell of a musician. But this album is awesome. His voice is a little raw at times, and once or twice he just doesn't have the notes. But his own skill, his obvious love of the music, and the amazing array of talent he assembled (in New Orleans, no less) make this album an amazing piece of musical history.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Excellent app which helped immensely with setting up multiple wireless access points, getting the best coverage throughout my house. Highly recommended.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|The title speaks for itself. An Ameriacn masterpiece, the restoration takes nothing away from the original presentation. Instead it enhances it, and brings a freshness to it. An essential addition to your library. A must.
B006G2NVCA|5.0|I saw the movie last night for the first time and i think trent reznor was perfect for the soundtrack.  Im buying it and i havent listened to him since i was in highschool (31 now).  I think like social network, the girl with the dragon tattoos music is bound for an award, both done by reznor, both films done by fincher.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like all the different varieties always something new. to play great app if you like being challenged. this app is for you
098357670X|5.0|This is by far the most incredible book on caricature.  If there's a book on caricature, I probably own it.  Tom has put together an amazing and easy to follow book.  For anyone interested in caricature, this is a must have.
B0063IH60K|4.0|while all free apps have the right to ads, the pop up ad at the beginning of each deal is more of an annoyance than most developers have. I prefer the banner ads of other solitaire games or a paid app without ads.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I seriously love this game. if you don't have it, get it. or else you're. completely dumb. we will find the cure.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|This is a great movie that needs to be watched more than once to completely grasp its symbology. I would consider this a movie that is just like religion and life itself, that is, a very personal experience. A master piece by Mr. Malik!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is more fun than you'd expect.  Graphics are pretty decent, and games are addicting.  Definitely worth the download.
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|This cover is bare bones protection. Adequate I suppose, but flimsy, WAY overpriced, and the stand part is next to worthless. You can do much better with a Roo cover, at a much lower price, better appearance and functionality.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game or games are the best iv gotten for kindle fire! I suggest everyone buy this app.there is no cooler games that are as fun or addicting and for a tablet as thid
0385342063|5.0|I've read all the Sophie Kinsella books and I enjoyed this one the best by far.  While the Shopaholic series is a cute premise, the main character is a well intentioned but vapid and immature woman. Quite honestly, I don't know why I keep reading them because the books always wind up making me feel edgy because of her reckless and irresponsible financial escapades.  With any luck, the recession will render those books obsolete, as wanton and ridiculous spending is out of style.    You might wonder why I keep reading the Shopaholic series?  Well, I think Sophie Kinsella must have some addictive subliminal messages coded into her books.  But they do have something about them.  That said, if you're hesitant about this book because you're not wild about or are weary of Becky, give this book a chance.  It features the author's appealing writing style and a main character that you'll like and won't be appalled by.    Since Poppy has lost her engagement ring right at the start of the book - and a priceless family heirloom at that, I was a bit afraid she was going to follow in the tradition of Becky and be stupid, but lucky in blundering into brilliant fixes.  To my relief, the only real resemblance to Becky is that she's a sweet person with good intentions.  She not only has a good job as a physio (which I believe is a Physical Therapist in US terms), but she's smart, funny and quick witted.    The story itself was original and while I suspected how it was going to end, I wasn't entirely sure.  Even better, instead of making me feel edgy, I felt happy while reading the book, which is always a plus since books have an impact on my mood. Sure, the plot is implausible, but we're reading chick-lit fiction, so this is to be expected - right?    If you're looking for an upbeat, light read, I recommend \\"I've Got Your Number\\".  As with this title, I preferred and enjoyed her other books outside the Shopaholic series - which don't follow the Shopaholic formula and typically featuremore intelligent characters, with some even being sharp and business savvy, though many are a bit young and perhaps naive - [[ASIN:0440241901 Can You Keep a Secret?]], [[ASIN:0440242401 Remember Me?: A Novel]], [[ASIN:044024238X The Undomestic Goddess]].  Also recommended are her titles written by what I believe is her real name, Madeleine Wickham, which are less Chick-Lit and more Brit-Wit.  [[ASIN:0312983697 Cocktails for Three]], [[ASIN:0312943970 Sleeping Arrangements]], [[ASIN:031262820X The Wedding Girl: A Novel]].
B004DI7HZ6|3.0|I read a lot and have never written a review, but am doing so here in the hope that the rest of the series can improve as it has potential.  Others have stated this, but I want to reiterate - the author spends way too much time getting bogged down in mundane details that disrupt the flow of the story.  As a fan of Anne Rice I am used to detailed writing that really helps you \\"see\\" what is going on, but seriously the first half of this book moved so slowly I almost stopped reading it.  History is good, but not to this level.  It got real boring at times, and I found myself putting it down for days.  When it finally started to pick up I found myself not putting it down, but I worry many won't let it get that far.  I beg the writer and editors of this series to do a better job at storytelling and to keep things moving in future books.  I finally learned to like these people and want to see what happens to them, but I don't know if I could read through more boring descriptions of turtlenecks, tea, and wine.
B0063GORYU|2.0|great game but the video ads that constantly take over my kindle are intolerable. had to go home and restart app to continue playing. finally deleted.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Very cool. Honestly, I love it. The use as a background, the detailed image, the detailed information. It works great. It's a relatively small file. I would have happily paid $1 for this.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Stunning moon images in this very easy to use moon phase app. Controls are easy to find and use. And app is extremely easy to set up. All I had to do was enter my city and state to get the current phase of the moon. The calendar of moon phases is also excellent. You can check the phase of the moon for any day, just for fun I checked what it was when I was born. Also very impressed with the responsiveness of the developer. I would have been happy to pay for this app, but I got it as the free app of the day. Kindle Fire. For a laugh, be sure to check out cheese mode.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I've been using it for about 3 months now and just keep finding it more and more useful. Have on 2 computers, phone, and, now my Kindle.
B004DP9QFS|5.0|Just downloaded and installed. I was amazed at how fast this app installed, I expected it to take longer because of the incredibly detailed images. All views are gorgeous on the Kindle Fire. Took me a couple of seconds to figure out how to get back to the view I wanted, but now that I have it figured out, I'm having no problems navigating around the app. Well worth the price. The only thing that doesn't seem to work on the Kindle Fire is the \\"keep Earth stable as device is rotated.\\" Although it could be that I don't understand that feature.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great quick distraction for those times when your mind is busy and needs a break.  You have to think about it but it is just the right balance of challenge and ease for a quick game anytime.
B00452J5EG|5.0|These kids are the real deal. this is the kills at their best. it's loud and sexy and it just rocks. see them live!
B005K17RU0|5.0|This is the best app for weather. With this app I no what the weather will be like in a day or next week. BEST WEATHER APP THATS FREE
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The idea of these games are fun and easy,  but the controls are a little slow and sometimes frustrating. It is worth the download.
B005HSL626|4.0|Its an ok app. I got bored after awhile but it is still fun. I wish it was easier to get different blades but other than that its good.
B0058VW36U|5.0|When I decided that I was going to buy this app, I was afraid that this app was going to be a waste of memory space and money.  Big mistake! This is probably my favorite app that I have on my Kindle Fire.  It runs perfectly, and the Om Nom (I think that is what they call the little monster) is absolutely adorable!  I can hardly play on this app anymore because the rest of my family is always playing Cut the Rope!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|interesting games and fun challenges Recamend trying this app if you like challenging and fun games You will.be hooked for hours
B0054JZC6E|5.0|like this game its helping me keep from smoking. I think everyone should try it and see if it can help.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I have Splashtop Remote Desktop on my iPhone and iPad and I can't live without it. Now with Splashtop Remote Desktop available to the Kindle Fire platform, this just makes my day even better :)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really enjoy playing the game 101 in 1 games. its a great way to pass the time. the games are really enjoyable and some are very challenging!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I just got this app but I love it.  I can watch hulu on my android now.  YAY!  I love the fact that I got it for free but if I had known its capabilities before this I definitely would have bought it anyway.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|the mini games on here are very simple or nearly impossible. the controls are difficult and you have few games to start with. unlocking new games can be very challenging at points.
B004EFYZ1C|3.0|Beautiful graphics and a ton of info. But if I can't use the widget when this app is on the sd card, it's just another app I'll seldom use.<br /><br />Aside from that glaring fubar, works well on my Evo Shift.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I love the moon.  I am a mooncchild still running wild.  I cut my hair only after the new moon and before the full moon. I learner this from a farmer's. almanac decades ago. I have tested the theory on my head as well as many others.  The beauty of seeing the moon so clearly is truly a gift. Thank you.
B004FOA84A|4.0|ok I'm stuck I have a heart and fish bowl matches and a piece of paper some 1 said something. about. getting. the heart in the hall door how also I'm stuck on the globe
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its ok exept for the unlocking part all and all its cool the best game is the racecar game the first ones weren't the best
B004GYY714|5.0|This ability to pick up and play all the radio station streams is really amazing.  It found local radio stations I didn't even know existed.  The one recommendation I have is that the Stop button be more obvious.  I thought it was an unchecked checkbox instead of a stop button, and I kept using Menu -> Exit to quit.  Otherwise excellent!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The title says it all. Some of the games are moved to the touch screen poorly, but over all it's a fun game.
B000SZK41M|3.0|Die Hard, 1988 film  The story begins with an airplane landing. One passenger carries a concealed weapon. He lights a cigarette. [That dates this story.] A woman makes a call to her home. The limo driver plays Christmas music. Mclane visits his wife in a tall office building. She has a new Rolex watch. A large truck enters a parking garage. Two criminals surprise the desk clerk. That truck is a \\"Trojan Horse\\"! Gates drop to lock entrances, elevators are disabled, telephone cables are cut. The gang has submachine guns, and gathers the party. The gang leader tells of his plans. He wants the head of the corporation. The gang leader demands the $640 million in bearer bonds from the safe. \\"Who said we were terrorists?\\" The gang leader is ruthless. Can they break the code to access the safe? Can a fire alarm bring help? Not if it is cancelled. \\"We are in charge.\\" Then the elevator arrives with a passenger.  Can a CB radio broadcast a Mayday on channel 9? Will they send a police car to investigate? There is a gunfight on the roof, three against one. Can the hero escape through an air duct? Yes. \\"Thanks for the advice.\\" There is an event that warns the policeman, and he calls for assistance. Inconvenient timing? The gang leader gets bad news. Mclane sends news to the cops. A TV truck arrives to cover the news of the terrorists. There is subtle humor from the plans to invade. \\"They'll be coming.\\" There are lights to show the building. \\"Send in the car.\\" Can an anti-tank weapon stop it? Mclane drops a bomb in the elevator shaft. \\"It's him.\\" Will one of the hostages betray Mclane? They want the detonators, Ellis says. A deal? No. Deputy Chief Dwayne Robinson speaks to Hans Gruber. \\"Hello.\\" \\"Who cares?\\" An author speaks about the \\"Helsinki Syndrome\\". A fantasy? \\"Not any more.\\"  Hans is a clever actor! Mclane runs a check. [This is too cute to be believed.] They shoot their guns as if their ammo was free. \\"Only John can drive somebody that crazy.\\" Broken glass can cut bare feet.What will happen when they cut off power to that building? Will the government agents agree to the gang's demands? Will Mclane make a mistake? Will a TV reporter exploit two children? Helicopters arrive at the building. [The action builds towards the climax.] There is a terrific fight scene. The roof explodes! There is a final meeting between John and Hans. \\"Happy Trails.\\" The ending is what you would expect from this action movie. [Are those the bearer bonds floating through the air?] Will a terrorist pop up for a dramatic ending? \\"He's with me.\\" Holly answers that TV reporter.  Can you see how this story was carefully crafted to appeal to a wide range of customers? Note how the story jabs at some authority figures in a crude way. The story has a failure in the over-elaborate plan to rob a safe. Too many hostages can identify the robbers. Being trapped in a tall building is a poor plan for any robber who wants to get away with the loot. [Did they issue untraceable bearer bonds in that era?] This story is \\"too clever by half\\", but worth watching once. The story about one man winning against great odds echoes \\"Red Harvest\\". The story of a gang taking over a business goes back to \\"The Painted Desert\\".
B005OOL1IC|5.0|The movie showed up promptly, and was perfect!  I enjoyed the movie, but it wasn't as good as the first, but are they ever?
B001SS3JS8|4.0|First, I wanted to say I have read several reviews on this book and I agree/disagree.  I enjoy Jodi Picoult's writing style, and I think she does a good job telling a fictional story about real life issues- suicide, rape, organ donations... etc.  When I started reading The Pact, I was not exactly sure what to expect.  The beginning to me started a little slow, however as soon as I hit the third or fourth chapter I was engrossed. I do not agree with a few posters that this story is contrived and that the characters are shallow.  I felt Ms. Picoult gave us a well rounded view of who she wanted us to believe these characters were- with that being said, I also disagree with some of the comments made regarding Emily.  As we read, we learn how twisted her life was with the sexual abuse by the fast food creep, the relationship with Chris that obviously made her feel incestuous, and the teen pregnancy that led to her realizing that Chris would marry her and they could raise the child- but it was something she did not want nor could she imagine that life with him.  Her character was in pieces, so I feel that if we as the reader did not get a complete sense of who she was then that was intentional.  The entire story is about not knowing someone as well as you thought you did- whether it be Melanie and Michael not knowing the secrets their daughter was keeping (all mentioned above), Gus thinking she knew Chris and that he did not pull the trigger of the gun (but did) or Chris not knowing Em well enough to realize how she was feeling towards him and their relationship or the pregnancy she was hiding.  I feel Ms. Picoult wanted the same mystery for the reader.  I believe the sentiment with Em, when she felt nowhere to go.  Even if she aborted the child, she would still be Chris's... and I think that was the bigger issue.  She could not bear to tell him she loved him as a brother not as a significant other- she would rather die with that secret then to ever hurt Chris.  I found The Pact to be one of those stories that will stick with you for a long time- when I look at my own children, the thoughts that children have and feeling there is nowhere to turn.  I have lost several to suicide, so I do understand the emptiness that is left behind and the anger.  The Pact was a good read, I loved the writing style of past vs present- it kept me entertained to the very last page.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It is good. Because it has more than 100 good games on a free app :) I reccomend getting it......WARNING THIS.GAME IS ADDICTING!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|works great on my kindle fire. played for hours so far. kids like the game too. will continue to play.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|It breaks from the mold of the first two books.  The direction it takes is somewhat unexpected.  This isn't a bad thing like a lot of reviewers have expressed.  It's much more violent than the previous two as well.  I liked the ending.  It felt a little rushed, and a little unbelievable, but it wasn't horrible.  Somehow spinning a love tale out of this would feel wrong to me.  Life isn't a fairy tale and I'm glad that Ms. Collins went for a bitter ending rather than a happy one. The ending also leaves open the possibility of sequels as much was left vague and unanswered.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|very good game. some of the games are really hard though. all in all though it is an amazing game
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|I just downloaded this ap a few minutes ago and I couldn't even wait to give a review. I am really impressed. It follows wonderfully, clear high def, huge selections on colors with the option to use markers paint colored pencils and more. My son will love the stamps and stickers too. It makes me want to draw and Color. This will be great for car trips.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the game is cool I like the fact that they just give you points there are tons of games in every catagory
B0063IH60K|4.0|not just Me but even the kids like this app. I like the various levels and being able to come back to it if I get interrupted.
B0011UJMK2|4.0|I tend to read in waves, non-fiction for weeks and then I get in the mood for thrillers, until that runs out and I go back to non-fiction, usually biography, history or science.  When I'm in a thriller mood, as now, I find it harder and harder to find well-written thrillers. I've read all of Sandford and Connelly, who in my experience are the only two guys currently writing at a level I can enjoy (maybe sometimes Grisham now that he's matured a bit).  I'm therefore happy I ran across Child 44.  I will certainly read the other two in the trilogy.  This book had none of the jarring disconnects or requirements for multiple suspensions of disbelief that make so many books in this genre impossible to finish.  It was fast-paced, yet allowed the characters to develop in a natural and fluid way.  Of course, once one got on to the germ of the plot, that was a bit implausible, but it only required the reader to get past that one unlikely premise and then it was smooth sailing.  I'm a big anti-communist, so this was red meat (pun intended) for me.  But, I did wonder how much the author exaggerated what it was actually like to live in the USSR under Stalin.  At the edges, perhaps he pushed it a bit too far, but certainly the overall impression was spot on confirming the old saw: the government big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take everything you have.  It is good to vicariously live through that era.  It refreshes one's devotion to liberty, justice and the America way!
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Game will hang in about 5 mins. Still not full compatible with ICS 4.0.2 Hopefully the update will come out soon.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I love this app!  I'm using cheese mode as background on my Evo 4G.  LOL Looks and works great.  So glad I have it so I always know the moon phase!  I no longer have to ask &quot;is it a full moon?&quot;  When I notice peeps are being crazy!  LOL
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I like this and just overlook imperfections. the stuff will get fixed.  I like it and for you crazy people spouting about magic. um fishermen and sailors use the moon all the time and wasn't Jesus a fisher of men? hummmm.
B004EPYZSK|5.0|Very good and exiting. Worth buying, and well seeing over and over many times over.Is a moving picture, with a mix of three cultures Cowboys,.....Aiens,....and native-americans
B005LLSNNE|5.0|watched the 4th season in a day and a half, you cannot set it down.  You just have to find out what's next.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the Bible. I got saved after I read the Bible .That is why you should get the Bible.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a fantastic app.  One thing I would like to see is for the ability to do the devotional offline and not require Internet connection.  All in all I love it.
B0015ABRE2|5.0|Great dvd, I really enjoyed it. Dexter is one of my favorite shows on tv. I can't wait till the next season will be on again.
B0063GORYU|1.0|worked great until this morning...now, in the middle of every game, it stops the game &amp; loses a video promoting a movie...boo...
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I am a big fan of the many features associated w the reading plans. Particularly the way it keeps up with progress and reminds you to read.
B002Q1YDLI|5.0|Hopefully readers have read 'Something Borrowed' before reading this book, because it sets up the characters and storyline. This book continues right where Something Borrowed ends, but this time focuses on Darcy. The character that was easily hateable in the first book becomes the loveable one in this second book. Talk about character improvement! I enjoyed this book greatly and I often recommend these books to friends to read. Oh, and the books are MUCH better than any films that are out.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its really a one of a kind game. You are challenged to conquer obstacles to get new more difficult ones. I. really like it a lot. (:
B005D63LL6|5.0|This episode is so good that at times the line between Dexter's narrative and what your thinking blurs into a single coherent thought.
B005K17RU0|4.0|It works great. It is very accurate.  I'm just not sure I like it lurking in the tool bar all the time.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|this game seems fun at first. games are not easy unless you spent most of your childhood glued to videogames. I lost my patience trying to beat the first 10 games. ads are annoying.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I recently purchased this for my new Kindle Fire for protection. Based on a few of the other reviews I wasn't expecting too much from this, just wanted something to get the job done. Let me tell you, once this came in I fell in LOVE with this case. I enjoy the Kindle a lot more now that I have this on it for some reason. I have absolutely no problem with the stand, it works wonderfully for me. I got the case in pink and it seems a little brighter than in the picture but I like it much better like that.
B000GCFG7E|5.0|I had a friend recommend Reacher novels.  I read many reviews before picking out this one.  I thought it was great.  Fast paced, nice plot, lots of twists.  Child's writing style is a little different but I found it very effective.  I will definitely read more Reacher novels.
B0063IH60K|4.0|solitaire. this app is great. although, if you have a case on your kindle, some of the cards are hard to see.
006056251X|5.0|I love this kind of hero. He is an ass, but not to his lady. I read the book in a day, and it went very fast. I thought it was entertaining and fun. This has to be a new Kleypas favorite! Highly recommend!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this app. it has fun games for me.to.play when I am bored, which happens a lot. I think more people should get this game.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is fun but having to buy games is annoying but is a great way to waste time when you are bored.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|As some have noted, January 8 shows waning rather than waxing. However, when looking further out several months, the moon phase names are accurate. Good info that has comparable data to the Farmer's Almanac.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Does exactly why it says it does.. I have installed it on my Galaxy S2 Skyrocket and my Kindle fire. App has pretty good detail and is pretty informative. People giving 1 star because it installs to main memory and no the sd card!! I Really your device is so crappy that it can't hold less than 2mb. If you feel the need to rate every single AOTD then do it.. At least base your review on fact and the actual app. Not on whether you have had your diaper changed yet.. This app deserves at least a 3 star.. I gave it 5 to negate the kiddies. @superman your SUNDAY comment didn't work this time try something else buddy
B005HSL626|5.0|I know that this game and fruit slice is the same but they are still really cool and amazing. I would really like if more were free on different site.
B000QCTNIW|5.0|I really enjoyed this book! I love reading about how Science comes about to prove how our brain works. If anyone has a habit they think they can't kick, read this book. If you think you can't change a behavior, read this book. It is a look into how the brain works and gives hope to stroke patients and people with MS. I really enjoyed it!<br />Michelle Shelton<br />[...]
B0047Y0FGY|3.0|The book is a pretty superficial account of some interesting parts of Tina's life. If you're waiting for a big revelation, or want to know more about this hilarious iconic woman, you'll be disappointed, like me. The book is funny in parts, and she uses her typical sense of dry humor to pepper it up and pull the reader in, but thats where it stops. The lack of depth is worsened, if you may, by using several pages to simply reprint old scripts from SNL. While this could have been really worthwhile if these were lesser-seen sketches, she uses her MOST popular sketch (her as Palin with Poehler as Clinton) for this - I already know the sketch by heart woman - what a waste of space!!  Overall - you're not missing anything if you dont read it. I still love her, and will wait for a time when she actually writes about something I dont already know (about her). Till then, 30 Rock is good enough.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|not very addictive like angry birds, but passes the time nonetheless. graphics arent that good, and everytjing moves slow. but, it didn't hurt that it was free.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|very awesome Bible app with different bibles to choose from.love the audio option of being able to listen to it
145551389X|4.0|The book is great!  My daughter was thrilled and I, too, enjoyed it.  However, when it arrived, there was a small tear at the top left cover and a slight crack in the binding (same place).  I thought of returning, but it was for Christmas, and she didn't seem to mind.  That's the first time I've ever had a problem with Amazon products.  She loves the book anyway!  Thank you.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is an amazingly awesome game. I think anyone who thinks about this game should get it.  It is a fun game that gradually gets more challenging . If you are someone who is up for challenges, you should get this game.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I really love it when I have an Internet connection but if I don't, I can't do my daily reading plan.  I did download a Bible so I can read it without a Connection, but I just don't know what I am supposed to read for that day.
0618918248|5.0|Great book! I've always been an atheist, but didn't really have anything to go off of. No reasons or explanations other than I just didn't believe in God. Richard Dawkins gives such reasoning. And does so in an easy to read, very detailed book. I'm not much of a book reader, I must admit, but I could not put this one down. If atheism is something you are even only slightly interested in, I don't think you will either.
B002ZG98UK|5.0|I thought this movie was good in 2D but in 3D it was like a differnt movie! With some of the best 3D graffics it really makes you fill like your there!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is amazing I have such a fun time playing it!!! when I'm bored I go straight for this game
1451635672|4.0|I read Wiseguy from Nicholas Pileggi and loved the book, though it was spot on with the movie Goodfellas with a few minor exceptions.  The book Casino does however differ greatly from the movie of the same name, so it was much more enjoyable for me.  Certainly the basics are still there, but many additional stories, altered stories and the timeline is a little off from the movie.  Pileggi writes well and does great research.  If you want to have more fun look up the real life people portrayed by Robert DeNiro, Joe Pesci, and Sharon Stone.  It was amazing that Pesci and Stone looked just like the real life people.  DeNiro wasn't even close, but he did a good job.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Its a lot of fun. Its easy to get addicted to. The only issue I have is the second group isn't as fun as the first, but it gets better.
B0063GORYU|3.0|The only reason I didn't give this game 5 stars is because of the automatic vidoe playback which occurs during game play everytime. The video obviously requires an Internet connection and this makes me very uncomfortable. I will most likely uninstall this app. On the other hand, the game is very well designed and user-friendly... if the video issue is resolved, I will immediately re-install!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|The werewolf easily made one of the best reviews I have ever read on Amazon! Way to go!<br />P.S. Stay away from vampires.
B004E2XAFW|5.0|I got WT's latest CD for my daughter for Christmas.  She is a consummate Within Temptation fan and is thrilled by it.  Expect all of their trademark symphonics and big vocals.  Any fan of Evanescence's will probably also enjoy WT.  The CD's story is supplemented by a 4 issue comic set that you can get on their website.  I haven't found it on Amazon yet.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Always something different. never bored, lots to choose from. my 12 yr old loves it. especially helps with long car rides.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|There is a point where advertising and asking me to rate becomes obtrusive. The games are small and quick. There goal is to get more advertising dollars per game. You can also buy credits to unlock games.   I'm not a fan of this type of work.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|decent gameplay, a little annoying how often it prompts w/ offer adds, but its possible to unlock all the content for free so I wont begrudge them trying to make a buck.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101 is a awesomest game in the planet. o yeah it is the best game in the world I'm telling the truth
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|Hi!  Really enjoyed watching this and can not wait for the next season to come out. It really keeps you quessing and wanting more.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very fun, entertaining, great to pass time and not only kid games. I absolutely love it!! it has a huge variety of games and ways to earn points!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I found this game pretty fun since there is such a huge veriaty of games and the fact that you get rewarded for each game and have yo unlock each one.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I don't think any other game can beat this game. This game is the best game I have ever played.  :)
B0039208JE|4.0|I would say that this original Batman movie from 1989 is by far my favorite of the Franchise.  Jack Nicholson is absolutely great in it and without him is hard to say what this original film would be.  Many people consider this to be arguably the greatest work of his career.  Hard to say but most of everything he does in pretty great.  The movie starts out a little slow but then gets fun.  I am not a big fan of comic book type movies like this but have to say Batman is very entertaining.  Sometimes sequels or parts 2,3 can overtake the original but in the Batman series it's hard to beat this original.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
B005HSL626|5.0|I like this game its really fun it dose not get boring like most games do it is always fun. you should really get this app!!!!!!!!!!!!
B002VECM72|5.0|The Blind Side was an very emotional and good film I thought.  A well rounded clean movie as well that is suitable for family and kids even though a PG-13 rating.  There were not many adult scenes so could have gotten a general PG rating as well I would think.  The movie never board me or did I get lost in the plot.  Sometimes more mellow films like this can get boring but that was not the case here.  It kept my attention well from the beginning till the very end.  Overall, if you like inspirational films with a lot of good, then give it a try.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
B005V20JKI|5.0|I must say that this game is fun and has depth as far as levels and unlocks. I am disappointed that we have not gotten the update for the Christmas map and beanstalk map. Please update for us!!!!
B002HK9I04|5.0|I can't believe how good this movie looks years later & especially how good it sounds! The quality stands out the second it starts playing & the color is very rich.
B0013FFMOK|2.0|I Am Legend is a virtual catalog of bad judgment.<br /><br />Will Smith is disastrously miscast. He is supposed to be a military doctor of international renown, burdened by grief and guilt, isolated and obsessed to the point of dementia, a helpless witness to the dying of the human race - a death he believes he could have prevented.<br /><br />Smith looks like a thirty-ish actor from Beverly Hills, impeccably groomed with a retinue of dieticians and personal trainers. When he talks to the German Shepherd we should see a lonely scientist on the brink of madness talking to the only companion he has left. Instead we see a successful Hollywood actor having fun with his dog.<br /><br />When Smith is called upon to 'act', he is awful. You will long for the depth and gravitas of Ben Affleck.<br /><br />Everything else is wrong, too. After decades of zombie movies to draw upon, you'd expect credible monsters. After decades of apocalyptic movies, you'd expect end-of-the-world set design and cinematography. And at the very least, a haunting score. I Am Legend falls short, by miles, on every count.<br /><br />The script is a godawful mess.<br /><br />Unless you're a kid, avoid I Am Legend.
145580570X|3.0|I was very excited reading this book, I learned alot of new things from it. But I also checked the FastForWord (so highly recommended in the book) reviews and after I found out how little change did it make in schools I start to question the rest of the book. I am sorry I cannot have a better recomendation for it.
B004YM6JLO|5.0|Vampire Diaries is a show that is more about character then anything. Its awesome and I love thursday nights just so I can watch it! Much better then Twilight, thats 4sure!!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|If you could take away stars for a game being too good, this game would have 0 stars. A great tower defense game. I would just like my life back now.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|I love adventure games and have tried a few on Android. While they are still far from being cool like my favorite computer games (Zork Nemesis was my all time favorite) , this game was entertaining and definitely the best I've played on the Android platform, which is why I gave it 5 stars.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|It would be a great book I'm sure if I could get it to download and read it.  Instead of wasting my time with this. Great accessibility. To customer service.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good time killer. needs better instructions for games and maybe a demo of each game. overall good concept and games.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|u have to get points to earn most of the games. and most of them are really hard to get points on. overall, its a pretty good game though
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this game. frustrates you sometimes. and the little guy that eats the candy is so cute! 0.99 is so worth it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its cool I guess for now but they say its stupid Bc when u get the update u lose everything
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is really fun and I still haven't unlocked all the games. I play it all the time. I love it!
B0054JZC6E|2.0|It's not really exciting but it keeps the kiddos entertained. I would say ages 6 to 10 would enjoy this game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Plenty of fun games to keep you occupied.  a lot of variety goes a long way! A great app for all.
B005AUWXZ0|2.0|The film content is great, my 3 y/o loves it and wants to watch it every weekend if possible.  However, the actual 3D DVD does not play correctly, I returned my original purchase for another one, and the new one did the exact same thing.  I have more than 20 3D bluray discs at this point, so I am pretty confident it is not my player.  The regular blu-ray disc wouldn't play at all in the first one I purchased, the second one at least the regular blu ray disc plays.  The 3D stops, skips, then repeats throughout the whole movie.  I returned the original one to the Disney store and they were kind enough to replace it, but the new one they gave me (different store from original purchase) did the same thing with the 3D disc.  So, there is at least one bas batch of 3D discs that were produced.  My advice, if you buy it, keep your receipt and watch it immediately (try all the discs) to make sure what happened to me, doesn't happen to you.  Good luck with it, I have several other Disney 3D discs and none of them have this problem.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This works great on both my tablet and phone, accessing both my mac and pc.  Tools for navigating are well thought out.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is one of my favorite DVD workouts thus far. I have Kendra and other Jillian videos, as well as Jackie Warner, but I love this one the most and with the $7.99 price at Costco. PERFECTION!
B003Y5H574|4.0|If you're looking for originality you won't find it here.  \\"Crazy, Stupid, Love\\" is predictable, derivative and contrived most notably it's ending.  That said I can't help but liking this film.  Contribute that to a winning cast notably Ryan Gosling as Steve Carell's mentor in scoring with the hot babes and Emma Stone as Gosling's conquest.  Gosling's turn here is Oscar worthy and as far as Stone she can do no wrong since I first saw her in \\"House Bunny\\".  The bottom line-not great but makes for a terrific date movie.
0062101897|5.0|Anything you ever wanted to know about the making of the movies is in here. Great pictures and illustrations. For any true Harry Potter fan!
B004EPZ084|3.0|The bosses(Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell) are terrific.  It's their whiny minions that are annoying.  I'm on the fence with this one.  As shock comedy goes this is pretty mundane.  As a workplace comedy it could have used the subtlety of \\"Office Space\\".  Really, to be harassed by Aniston is a real stretch to the imagination.  She's never been sexier.  I will also mention that Jamie Foxx is pretty good as the hired \\"hit man\\".  He's not good enough for me to recommend this movie, however.
0375851569|5.0|I was so amazed with the shape the books were in when i ordered them, i always hesitate to order used items. But i made the best choice ever on this product, they were like brand new, no wear and tear at all. Always pleased with Amazon products. First place i go to when looking for something. Highly recommend to a friend.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|seems like a fun game. some are tough, but fun to keep trying!! many different kinds of games, and it works great on the Kindle Fire.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think that the games are ok. I feel like ive seen them a billion times before but their fun.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|There are many types and many different games you can experience. There are classical games, action games, thinking games and more.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really enjoy it. there's a lot of games you have to work for so its like one big game!
B006PAZMMK|5.0|This guy just continues to impress.  He definitely expands on his trademark powerful robotic sound mixing a larger array of pitches as well as other sounds.  There is also more collaboration with vocals in his work with Sirah, who has some nice flow.  There's also more bounce in this album and I find my head bouncing even more than on the last one.  I'm definitely a solid fan of Skrillex with this piece and look forward to what he comes up with next.  Here's hoping he gets a grammy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good but its kind of hard so its ok. but its so long. so its pretty good and its cool
B0054JZC6E|4.0|when you have nothing to do this.game is a great time.consumer.  its entertaining and not extremely difficult to grasp the concept.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|frustrating, but fun. once your games are unlocked, you'll never be bored. I've had this game for two days and I haven't stopped playing. get it and you won't regret it.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Although the audio Bibles are limited on this app, this is still an awesome app. I will recommend this app to everyone.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Every once in awhile a great free app comes along and this is one of them.  Set your location and check out the moon phases for any day and time you want.  Very detailed information, beautiful graphics and many different options.  Very addicting and educational. My kids love it.   It's free! Download it!
B000HIVIOW|5.0|Was so happy to find this and even happier with my decision to purchase from this seller! This is my daughters and my favorite Christmas Movie and when our copy was ruined, I really wanted to find another before Christmas....and I did! Thanks so much!
1451627289|3.0|. . .right at the height of the story, which gets this book 3 stars from me; in all actuality, I would rate it 3.5, but seeing that is not an option, I would rather rate it more on the neutral side (a good, solid \\"B\\").  But, I will comment only about what I did not like about the book, and that is:  the lifeblood of this story is a romance between the narrator and an attractive teacher which plays out more like a romantic comedy than I expected in a historical time-travel thriller.  Seriously, whenever these two characters were together, for some reason I pictured Ashton Kutcher and Katherine Heigl in a boondoggle romantic comedy.  Unfortunately, a little more than halfway through I had to imagine Katherine Heigl (Sadie in the book) with a grotesque facial injury a la Tom Cruise's after his accident in \\"Vanilla Sky\\" due to an attack which scars her.  But, I digress.  These two characters \\"meet cute,\\" chaperone a dance, dance even cuter, then spend some nights together in a motel to have some \\"poundcake\\" - which, as another reviewer wonderfully posted, is a word I can do without hearing for awhile.  They even plan out a dopey town vaudeville act to raise funds for an injured student...trust me, it's syrupy. Their \\"love\\" is more of a high school crush than an adult romance, and at times I was not entirely convinced of their relationship.  The worst part came around page 700, with Jake (Kutcher) and Sadie (Heigl) rushing to get to the Texas Book Depository to stop Oswald, and lo and behold, they are stopped in their tracks by a cantankerous hillbilly, then a broken down car...almost an overcrowded bus, but wait!  The wiser-than-her-status-hands-on-her-large-hips black lady commands the passengers to give up their seats for Jake (limping along like a gimp) and Sadie (looking like Sloth from the Goonies).  From there, they steal another car (barely), make it to the notorious building (where they almost don't get in!) and finally up to the assassin (just barely!).  I halfexpected the Sloth-faced Sadie to burst into Oswald's sniper nest with a greeting of \\"Hey you guys!\\"  The entire sequence has the cadence of a sappy movie where the bumbling lead is racing back to interject in the wedding of his/her true love just as he/she is about to take vows with \\"the wrong one.\\"  Then, the subject of the novel occurs, and we circle back through the better parts of the novel.  In short, this book was written with the intention of making it into a movie.  It is, if you will, \\"screenplay ready.\\"  If you don't see a trailer for this movie within three years you can say I was wrong.  Which, could be good if done correctly, as the surrounding portions of the novel offer nice elements of history, time-travel, cause-and-effect, love (in some parts), destiny, and choice.  I actually did enjoy many of the passages with Jake while in Jodie and other towns in the late 50s and early 60s.  Ultimately, the book is about choice - what we can and can't, should and shouldn't try to control.  It is about making the most of the choices we have made, no matter how tempting the diner's rabbit hole may be. . .
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this a pretty good game even though I got it yesterday. get it today its free and this game is deffenintly worth the 30 second download. f
0307269981|4.0|As a second book of the trilogy, it is not as excited as the first one 'the girl with the dragon tattoo' and not the last one to finish all the leads and stories appeared before. However, it does open a new world for  readers after the discussion on the Nazi and religious theme, which is the corrupted government, the illegal immigrant involved in the sex trafficking, the unfairness to the woman who suffered from domestic violence and slightly criticism to the public education system.<br />The structure of this book looks slightly loosen because ten groups of people involved in the sex trafficking and murders: Salander, Svesson and Johasson, Bjurman, Millenium group, Police, Milton Security, Bjork, Palmgren, Paolo Roberto and Miriam Wu, and finally Zala. The scenario always jumped free from one group to another and sometimes I almost forgot what Salander did in the previous scenario but the author is good at the scenario transition as he often briefly mentioned the last action of a role in the new scenario.<br />The reason that the book made me fall in love is that the author is good at controlling the pace to tell his story. And more importantly, as a woman, I admire and appreciate Salander's attitude toward all the evil(not only that specific event but all the bad things) happened on her, which is independent, brave, smart and never give up.<br />If you are a suspended-thriller reader, this one is a must read.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|sweet.fun.exciting challenging.like.the relationship I'm in with my girlfriend.feel me my people's there's a new boss app in town.and it is quell reflect
B0058VW36U|5.0|really awesome.  app I love. the app I'm on the last level. and it is really hard but cool sweet
B0054JZC6E|4.0|After a while it got kinda boring but other than that a very fun app to make 10min. go by.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|sweet  cool  awesome game. for people of all ages and I say.  it is math matical:) cool and really sweet
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is soooo fun. its soooo addicting to!!! I absolutely recommend this game!! it has tons of games u can play,like aquarium.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a pretty good and fun game. plus it was free. i would definitely download this game again if a panda ate my phone
B0069UP2PI|5.0|Honestly, I feel like Director Soderberg borrowed quite a bit from the 1971 version of 'The Andromeda Strain'.<br /><br />But that's not a knock. He took the best elements and creatively expanded on every level and every aspect. From the synth/electro soundtrack to the medically accurate plot, from the documentary-esque cinematography to the governmental reaction - he developed a vastly updated story for our times. I suspect Michael Crichton would be so proud.<br /><br />It doesn't take fear mongering to recognize Truth. And humans, who are forever cursed with a single lifetime of memory, are not prepared for a true global pandemic. The truth is - we never will be.<br /><br />I'll give you a real-life situation. As I write this it's January 5, 2012. One of the big local stories here is the closing of two hospitals. One of which serves a large portion of our island community. Its sister operation was the only certified transplant center for the state - currently, there isn't any place to do transplants of any kind short of flying six or seven hours to the continental US.<br /><br />However, that's not the 'big' news. It's this: Already the emergency rooms of every single hospital on this island is overwhelmed. There are now seventeen stories that has made national news which detail the problem. There are too many emergencies for the the entire ER system to accommodate. All because two hospitals closed down. Keep in mind, there's nothing \\"happening\\" now. What the system is experiencing is simple overload, nothing more, nothing less. Just the day-to-day general crises one faces for a population of 900,000 people.<br /><br />So, the question is: What would happen during a biological crisis as was depicted in the film when up to 30% of the population could be incapacitated and the rest ruthlessly desperate for medical help? Can you imagine it? What would the medical community do?<br /><br />I can guarantee several things the film accurately depicts. Here's one: The nurses union would strike. I'm certain they'll find some coldly logical and totally legal reason, but fear is what will be driving their desire to not go to work. It happened before - during the initial days of the AIDS Crisis. No doubt there'll be heroes who step up, but the majority will quietly (and readily) accept their union position. What is a nurses strike going to do the medical system? Can you imagine?<br /><br />And the problems are just starting. I won't even get into how little food is actually in the pipeline for large metropolitan cities. Especially large cities that are entirely dependent on a majority of food being imported to its populace.<br /><br />Given the way our lives are now completely interconnected, and in so many ways dependent, on one another - from food to commerce - the concept of a \\"plan of action\\" is quite honestly a self-delusion at best and at worst - a lie. A lie that is told to us because we need that semblance of control. When the next sickness comes, anyone not living completely off the grid with absolutely no other human contact, will be negatively affected - one way or another.<br /><br />'Contagion' delivers a true picture of a disease and its life as it interdicts with our own. Terrifyingly scary - yes. But I'm grateful to Director Soderberg for spreading, no pun intended, the message. Sadly, entertainment seems to be the only proven methodology for this kind of knowledge to reach the masses. Can it help? Don't know. But it can't hurt.<br /><br />And I hope that mocking people as \\"germaphobes\\" - another form of self-delusion - ends with this film. Get a clue, shut up, and repeatedly wash your hands. Cover your mouth and nose when sneezing or coughing - and then wash your hands. Don't rub your eyes with your fingers - and wash your hands again. Stay home if you're sick. And wash your hands again.<br /><br />Outstanding film. Watch it - remember - and learn.<br /><br />Personal Note: I broke my own rule and started to read other reviews before posting my own. There's a reviewer who goes by 'Rachel' - who succinctly describes the type of human who lives within his/her own lifetime of memory. Pathetic conspiracy nut, and honestly, kinda scary.<br /><br />Ironically, the slimy narcissist played by Jude Law, the so-called blogging \\"journalist\\", is her representation in the film.<br /><br />Again, The Truth.<br /><br />Personal Note: Loved seeing Eliot Gould in a small, but pivotal role. Good actor who needs more work.who lives within his/her own lifetime of memory. Pathetic conspiracy nut, and honestly, kinda scary.  Ironically, the slimy narcissist played by Jude Law, the so-called blogging \\"journalist\\", is her representation in the film.   Again, The Truth.  Personal Note: Loved seeing Eliot Gould in a small, but pivotal role. Good actor who needs more work.
B004XNGKBS|4.0|This app is exactly what it claims to be: a helpful note taking app which allows you to use your own handwriting. However, I have 2 gripes with it: although tags are helpful tool, they pale when compared to the easy organization of a hierarchy setup, such as having notes grouped into &quot;notebooks.&quot; My second complaint is that the spirals on the left side of notes are impossible to remove. Although they are a nice visual touch, there are many situations, especially when sharing notes, where the spirals are either unnecessary or flat out unwanted.  If these two features were added, I don't think that any other note-taking application would be able to compete!
B001E25MBK|5.0|I loaned out our other copy of the trilogy. When we didn't receive it back. I bought the Blu ray version of The Godfather for a replacement. My husband is a movie buff and loves the new replacement.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the app is a good and addicting games for all ages I recemend and now for some random words since I like it apple
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its alright. its so easy to spend the points but hard to get enough points. it is addicting when you first go to play it.
B001DCQI8W|5.0|Well many people do not like Karajan and his style (lush and full sound) but in what he was good (Bruckner, R. Strauss, and partly Wagner, Beethoven) he was the best. These are analogue recordings from the 70s and they sound quite good. But the special thing here is Karajan's vision and the Berlin Philharmonic which is an orchestra of class of its own. People say Jochum, was a better Bruckner conductor, which I would not agree with, but for sure Berlin Phil was and it is still a better orchestra than Dresden ST, and that matters. The best thing is to buy both Jochum and Karajan's sets and compare them on your own. But I prefer this set because of Karajan's consistency,and Berlin Phil sublime playing through out. Plus, at this moment this set is the best deal as well
B0063IH60K|3.0|I have always loved solitaire and this is exactly what I was looking for. It has options I enjoy such as Vegas style.  Love the undo option as well. A week later I deleted it because it jumped too easily to movie reviews and clips of stuff I didn't want to see. Maybe it's a kindle fire issue. Downgraded two stars.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Very impressed am looking at this Dev. Very strong love it love it have played with others but none that work let alone this well.
B0055SWM08|4.0|Very fun game. I can spend a lot of time on this game. I actually spent more time already than I thought I would've.
B003U0AHBO|5.0|Having seen the screen version of the newest Robin Hood (Russell Crowe and KAte Blanchett), the directors cut is a must see. There are half a dozen critical scenes that are missing from the screen version. When the movie was edited to reduce playing time they did a poor job selecting scenes for deletion. Yes the director's cut is worth watching.
B006AN78XS|5.0|How many of us have wished that we could travel back in time and meet all of our heroes of literature. Woody Allen gives us this fantasy with the movie \\"Midnight in Paris\\".
0307888681|5.0|If you're an average reader, every so often you come across a book that you simply can not put down. You fall asleep at night thinking about when you can get back to reading it. Well, this is one of those books.<br /><br />Why? The book is written in a conversational tone, so that you get lost in your own imagination of the characters' thoughts and words. The story is told in a documentary style, where the war's survivors give their account of what the war did to them and what they did in the war to survive. The zombie thing is more of a back drop, the catalyst for deeper things that the author wants to touch on. Things like what it means to live in our antiseptic modern society as we become more and more dependent on the \\"system\\" we call civilization. Our dependence on fossil fuels, the internet, capitalistic consumerism.<br /><br />What would you do if the very thing that we all fear in the back of our minds actually happens tomorrow? What would you do if there was a nuclear war, major pandemic, a global war, or all of the above? What would happen to our international paradigm when it does? Do we really need an Air Force? Do you know how to start a fire? Will Third World nations become the new First World nations?<br /><br />Get it, read it, enjoy ... Prepare.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is fun and challenging it tests your mind and your luck. I think everyone should get this game !!!!
B004FOA84A|3.0|ineed some help ihave plyed dis game 3 times nd gt stuck da same spot wat do ido wit da fish bowl, combination, nd matches aftr I lit da fireplace
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is so much fun!!! There are so many levels and oppurtunities in this game that you will never be bored.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think this app is great. its fun and I recomened.it to everyone. it passes the time and it has great wast to get more coins
B0054JZC6E|5.0|If you like board games you will like this it has nothing that makes it slow or anything. it gives you points for completing one mini game or rating it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great app!  it works well on my kindle fire and has lots of different and fun games. I was pleased. so much fun!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun and easy to use for all ages lots of variety and games my son can master before me new games every day
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love this .game their is so many fun games and i think you should get this game because the games can be tricky but fun plus this.game is free. if u don't get this game your missing out. hope u like it. i like it and it doesn't take long to load . thank u for reading my review.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|What a fun app! all the kids love it and the variety of games is great for them ti choose from! :-)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its cool but I don't understand all of the instructions I mean the crossing wires directions r hard to understand but I like a lot otherwise
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I had no idea how to play most of the games and it took.a while to find the instructions. a few of the games were laggy too
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Okay, so we aren't talking gaming brilliance, but many of these games are genuinely fun. hey the price is right.
0062082353|5.0|I read Mr. Kyle's book and I found it to be a fascinating autobiography on the life of a U.S. Navy Seal Sniper.   Please do not criticize this elite warrior for writing a book about killing these murderous thugs and savages that he saw in his scope while doing tours in Iraq.  He is a true American hero and deserves a \\"Thank You!\\" everywhere he goes for what he has accomplished by saving countless of American lives from his actions and what he has sacrificed for this country.   For all the left-wing nut jobs who are giving this book a \\"1\\" star review should be ashamed of themselves.  The politicians start wars not our proud soldiers.  He was sent there to fight for this great country and provide a service that he was trained to do. Please actually \\"READ\\" the book before you comment your idiotic rhetoric that deserves no place here.  Chris is a true warrior patriot for all his sacrifice and service to this great country.  I would love to meet him one of these days and shake his hand.  I highly recommend his book to anyone who is interested in learning more on U.S. Navy Seals and their involvement in Iraq seen through the eyes of one of their highly trained snipers.
0062082353|1.0|This main claims to have punched Jesse Ventura. This is a lie and there is zero whiteness to back his claim which supposedly happened in front of a mass of people. I can only imagine what else this man has lied about.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|played it for about 8 minutes and cant stand it... not worth downloading... very frustrated with this stupid game. and it has horrible graphics
B00284AJKM|4.0|I haven't read this edition yet but this does appear to be the 1818 text, for those looking for this edition for the Kindle. The Paradise Lost epigram is included, there is no 'Author's Introduction', as per the 1831 text (only the briefer Preface), and the chapters after the initial Letters one through four are *not* through-numbered straight to twenty-four, as in the 1831 text, but divided into the original three volumes - each beginning with a Chapter One. And it's a dollar, yo.
B0057R5XRG|4.0|Gave this as a gift, my son lost the insert to download the digital copy but that was his fault, otherwise great product...
B0063IH60K|3.0|On the Kindle Fire, enjoyable play, but some hesitations.<br />Simple graphics and simple play makes it feel like the free, unpolished app that it is. Still, almost as good as the one in Windows.
0385535139|5.0|Excellent product.  Great price.  Exactly as desribed.  Highly recommend this vendor.  Will order again from this company.  Great experience all around.
B005I6EU48|5.0|I really like this cover.  I love books and, of course, that's what it makes my Kindle appear like...a leather-bound book.  That's the reason I purchased it; I was not expecting it to be an extremely protective cover.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|Just picked this up as that app of the day and I think it is a great app.  Moving the screen acound is a bit odd but it works well when you get used to it.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|This looks like a nice app with lots of promise.  I downloaded it to my wife's Kindle Fire, and found two issues right away.  1. When entering a location, I cannot enter a decimal point until I've first enterd a whole number.  Afer entering the whole number, I can go back into the app and add the decimal value.  And after I enter a value like 41.563948, it only stores 41.56.  2. It is not letting me to enter a negative longitude.  Even after exiting and reentering the location screen, it doesn't allow negative values.  If I'm doing something wrong, please let me know.  I like this app, and will be five star happy with it if these issues get fixed.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun I love it so so so much fun.everyone should get it fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
B0063IH60K|5.0|works well.  a good solitaire game. have had no problem with app. has auto win option. I would recommend it.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Our family loves these headphones, Very good quality and easy to hook up. I would recommend to everyone that is thinking about purchasing.
B000LTAY1U|1.0|Great looking and running watch...as long as it runs ,  which is never through the night.  This self- winder is going back.  Guess I should have known when several hours after ordering Amazon sent me an e-mail saying, \\"other people buying your watch looked at,\\" Followed by list of winding machines for self winders from 39 to 99.
B0032JTV6U|4.0|Who doesn't love Glee? Well if you don't, you're a cotton-headed ninny-muggins. That's right I said it. Have a nice day!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This app is nothing buy arcade games that you must earn points to unlock by playing other games. nothing special and nothing bad. overrall okay, some games good and some games bad. overall okay.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|whshhdhdhdhd eedrff effrontery erred def ref ref edgy Hhs hdhdh. sbd. she shhdhs hshsjdd. dhhdhd. dhdhhdb. dhdhdbshhdud hdjdjd dhjdud ejdj h h u u u dudhd
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love the app its tons of games free it really awesome I play it like every day. I thought it really wouldn't have all these games but it did
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|I'm neither a Stephen King fan nor a reader of speculative fiction, but the title intrigued me as did the reviews. After downloading the sample, however, I was hooked. King took me on a breathtaking ride through two time periods and a plethora of emotions. Arriving at the ending was bittersweet: I couldn't wait to find out how the tangle of time sorted out, and yet I didn't want to leave Jake and Sophie and all the other characters King has drawn with skillful restraint. Do not miss this masterpiece.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its ok. you have to play all the games to get to go others but mossy of then are good.  to get the games you have points it relitively easy.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|love it- keeps my kindle safe from being scratched or damaged and it looks like I am carring a leather-book-it doesn't have a tab to close it- but it stays closed- also it has an inside pocket
B000FC2FVA|5.0|Perhaps like most people I was introduced to Phoenix by their latest album, \\"Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix\\". I was worried, before I listened to \\"It's Never Been Like That\\", that it would pale in comparison to the latest album. I was pleasantly surprised. All of the tracks have an upbeat (but nevertheless genuine) feel. The sound is very modern: bits of electronic rhythms mixed with loud guitar; Thomas Mars's vocals fit the tracks well. All of the tracks are solid. Consolation Prizes and Long Distance Call are the popular ones, but Rally, One Time Too Many, and Sometimes In the Fall are similarly good. The vocal-less track, North, is also a pleasant addition to the album.
B003YI3D4K|5.0|These famous recordings have been extensively reviewed and you may read quite a diversity of responses. The usual criticisms, if any, are if that Richter is too assertively wilful, that his tempi are pushed too hard and that he is too hectic to do justice to either composer.<br /><br />I do not subscribe to the knockers' opinions. To my ears, these are amongst the most thrilling performances ever recorded of both pieces. This is at least the third issue and by all accounts is now in the best sound possible - as well as being available very cheaply on Marketplace. Apart from being amazed by the sheer bravado of Richter's interpretations, the listener will be struck by his awesome technique - yet it is wedded to extraordinary delicacy and fleetness and a fine ear for contrasting dynamics; this is by no means all wham-bam pyrotechnics. I do not recall anyone else sharing my opinion that the slow movement in Brahms' Second Piano Concerto is something of a disappointment when it comes to the ultimate in tender melody and the pathos Brahms achieves elsewhere in other works, but I am clear that Richter makes the best case for the third movement that I have ever heard.<br /><br />Apparently Richter complained later in life that Leinsdorf pushed too hard for his liking in this recording. Leinsdorf could be variable, to put it mildly, but I find him and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra to be on top form here, following  the pianist's lead and and abetting his endeavours; they sound as fired up as he evidently was. In that regard, Leinsdorf sounds far more like Reiner, the conductor of my other favourite account of the Brahms Second with Gilels far more impassioned and poetic than in his later, more celebrated but frankly rather stately and lugubrious version with Jochum.<br /><br />But not even the younger Gilels rivals Richter for attack and fluency. The same is true of Richter's seminal performance of the Appassionata, which here really lives up to the implications of its sobriquet. To me it seems perverse to require restraint and understatement in two of the most energised and tumultuous compositions ever written for the piano, music in turn written by two of the most overtly \\"masculine\\" of classical composers. That virility is not incompatible with sensitivity is very evident in Richter's art - never more so than in these, his incomparable recordings of two masterpieces.se to require restraint and understatement in two of the most energised and tumultuous compositions ever written for the piano, music in turn written by two of the most overtly \\"masculine\\" of classical composers. That virility is not incompatible with sensitivity is very evident in Richter's art - never more so than in these, his incomparable recordings of two masterpieces.
B001OSIV62|5.0|The commitment that each person made in enabling him accomplish such an amazing feat is the reason it worked. Very interesting to get everyone's perspective.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is the best app. it had so many mini games your sure to like one of the games.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its an awesome time waster kills hours and hours of your day I just play it all day and Kidd the entire day
B004EFYZ1C|3.0|I thought that this app was suckish bcuz it didn't really make alot of sense at first and it took forever to load onto my kindle fire and also u just move the moon phases around and it tells wen it was so tht didn't reallly make much sense to me bcuz who would buy a 99&cent; app wen its really only worth $0.00. this app is a peice of CRAP! DO NOT BUY THIS APP IF U DINT WANT 2 WASTE 99&cent;!!! I repeat do not buy this app unless u r a collector of crap apps!!!! the guy's reveiw above is probably tryn 2 get u 2 buy this peice of crap app cuz he made it and wants 99 more cents! don't waste ur money! this app sux!!! DO NOT BUY THIS APP!!!!!
B00631VJIC|4.0|I love the show and I love the soundtrack. Company delivered  as promised. Sound quality is good lots of good hits.  I would recommend.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|The graphics are outstanding and the detailed data is amazing. The only annoyance is how it popups an onscreen message about what location is being used every time you switch between screens. Not that it's that important, but including an option for zodiac position in the background would be nice or at least include it in the detailed data.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I I n o t a b a d g a m e p l a y I t I t
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a really fun game and I like it a lot. it's addictive to play and hard to set down.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awedomeeee game coool graphics good concept I like howbeit had the different levels for different people that you can buy
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it was all good until the update and there was weak controls so I wanted to rate it three stars
B000HEWEJO|5.0|This classic video is truly wonderful! I look for it every year on cable and always seem to miss it. Never more! I am thrilled to finally own my own copy of \\"It's a Wonderful Life.\\"
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This game is hard to put down. The games are easy to understand and its easy to accumulate points. Fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is an awesome use of time. you can play different games and unlock more games for tokens. I love this game and will not stop playing it!!
B001VLXNLU|4.0|When a friend of mine suggested this book, I didn't really think much of it. But, after the first 20 pages or so, I was hooked! I have to admit, the language sort of threw it off. But, in all honesty, that's what teen life is like and I think the authors brought out the element very well. There is also some drug use in this book (another experience among teens). For those two reasons, I would not suggest this book to younger readers without a parent's ok. The plot was very well put-together and really caught a reader's interest, which is what a good novel is supposed to do. Overall, this book was amazing and I highly suggest it to mature readers!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a must have for the kindle fire. games could cost less to make it easier (you'll find out what I mean) but great nonetheless
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Still putting it through its paces, but so far i like what i see. Installs easily, the companion program for your pc loads quickly and it is easy to operate. Only after I downloaded it did I realize that my SUPER AWSOME Asus Transformer Prime already had it preloaded in the cloud software suite.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is pretty good! wish games were little harder though..... although all of the games are pretty ADDICTING!!!!! cool overall
B003L77FYS|5.0|A great addition to your DVD library,   Great bonuses, gorgeous color you will have the best time.  Shipping is quick and the price is to die for.  Buy it today.
B005WM6RUS|5.0|Sarah's Key was written by Tatiana De Rosenay. Dedicated to Stella, her mother, Charlotte, and her grandmother, Natacha. Her inspiration for writing Sarah's Key was that she was interested in houses that keep deep dark secrets. So she decided to do research on places with dark secrets. She found the Rue Netalon where the Vel' d'Hiv' round up took place in 1942. This book took place in two different time periods. One in the present, 2002, and one in the past, 1942. The author didn't really know anything about the Vel' d'Hiv',  world war II, or the 1940's, so, she did some research and started reading. Then she started writing.     In the book, Sarah's Key, there are two stories that eventually come together in the end. The story is about Julia Jarmond and Sarah Starzynski. Julia Jarmond is 45-year old woman that works in Paris as a journalist. She is the mother of 11-year old Zoe and 2-year old Sarah (2-year old Sarah comes later on in the story). She is the wife of Bertrand Tezac, the middle aged husband. Edourd Tezac the father of Bertrand Tezac that, before Julia and Bertrand moved in, lived in the Rue de Santounge. Julia is an American that has lived in Paris, France most of her life. The second story is about a small ten-year old Jewish girl that lives in Paris, France on the Rue de Santounge. Sarah lives in the past, 1942. Julia's story is in the present, 2002. Sarah was involved in the Vel' d'Hiv' in 1942.  The Vel'd'Hiv' was a bike and track arena on the Rue Nelaton.    Sarah's Key is about Sarah and Julia. Sarah's family is called to go to the   Vel' d'Hiv' but Sarah, not knowing how long they were going to be there, locked her brother in a secret cupboard hidden in the wall to keep him safe. She kept the key with her at all times just in case she returned into her apartment. She went to the Vel'd'Hiv' for a few days then was taken to a concentration camp on the countryside near a small village. Where she was separated from her father then her mother a few days after. She met an older girl named Rachel that was planning to escape. Sarah joined in and escaped with Rachel with a bit of help from a guard. They went to the small village and were found by Jules and Genevieve Dufuare. Within the next day Rachel fell gravely ill. Jules had gone to search for a doctor for Rachel. The doctor was not a good person and was curious about Rachel. The next day soldiers came to their home. Sarah had to hide in the cellar in a sack of potatoes. She heard Rachel get taken away with a small cry. A soldier searched for the other missing Jew. Jules and Genevieve lured the soldier out with drinks and food. Eventually she asked if she could go to Paris to find her brother. She found the apartment that she used to live in. At that time Edourd Tezac was a young boy and he lived in Sarah's old apartment. She found her dead brother in the cupboard. She was torn. And was taken in by Jules and Genevieve. Later she got married with Richard Rainsferd and had a son, William Rainsferd. Sarah killed herself when William was only nine years old. William never really got to know his mother. And was left in the dark, until Julia Jarmond came along.     Julia was doing an article on world war two for the magazine she worked for. She started researching and found the Vel'd'Hiv'. She started asking mame, a minor character that is Edourd's mother, about the apartment. Mame told her that she moved into the apartment in summer when they started doing round ups. The apartment was already vacant because the family that lived there was Jewish. The family that lived there was Sarah's family. Then Julia decided to do research on Sarah. Julia met with Frank Levy to find any thing out about Sarah. She found out that she had a brother, Michel. She eventually met the Dufuares, the family that had taken in Sarah. They told her that she moved to America and got married to Richard Rainsferd. She moved to New York. Later on she went to Florence, Italy to seek out William Rainsferd. When she found him she trie to tell him his mother's story. He never new that his mother was a Jew or lived in Paris for most of her life. He didn't know that she had a brother either. William said \\"I don't want to listen to this, this has nothing to do with my mother\\". He went off. When he came back mame was ill. Found out that her husband was seeing another woman and divorced him. She had the baby and named her Sarah, after William's mother. She herself moved to New York with Zoe and Sarah, that was now two. She met with William Rainsferd at a local coffee shop. And she introduced him to her daughter..... Sarah.     In my opinion, I think that Sarah's Key was an amazing story. The story was so capturing and realistic. It is filled with such emotion, this story was so moving. Whenever there were sad parts I would feel like crying. Whenever something successful happened, like when Sarah and Rachel escaped, I felt happy. It was just such a fascinating story... And the saying is brilliant... Remember. Never forget.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I should have written in long before this as I use this app all the time. I speak my grocery list into my phone as I look in the refrigerator and pantry in the kitchen. This is the greatest thing since sliced bread for people like me who used to forget their grocery list as I always have my phone with me. Also, it's great as I can look at past lists for ideas on something I might have forgotten. This guy should charge for this app.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|very cool for a niche user. Gotta say about the idiot commenters.. it's not their fault. They are probably mentally challenged. This is AMAZON's fault for NOT allowing viewers to vote up and give value to helpful comments and or ratings. Amazon's fault. Its a shame the awesome  developers, like this one, have to take a hit for that.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its good butt Im sure you guys can find moe games to pit on there bur not erase the data
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|For all of those agoraphobics who can't be bothered with going outside (looking at you, Sigourney Weaver), this app will do the trick. Werewolves and other denizens of the night, enjoy t!
0307595579|5.0|I gave the boxed set as a gift for Christmas; my granddaughter loves them; she began reading that morning and has been enjoying them since.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|there are a lot of games to choose from. the controls are hard to use. the point system is weird.
B005NZH1JA|5.0|Salut is in my opinion the best episode of Breaking Bad Season 4.  It is defined by the suspense and climax of Gustavo's revenge story, which occurs at the end of Salut.  As much we all hate Gus, because he is a ruthless thug hiding behind politeness and good demeanor, one finds oneself sympathizing for him when Episode 8 tells the story of Los Pollos Hermanos.  From Episode 8 on, Gus' direction and motivations become somewhat clearer, and his revenge becomes a story within the story.  Of course, he travels to Mexico with Mike and Jesse under the ruse of caving in to the cartel's demands.  But the the episode does not reveal this until the end, and it keeps the viewer in suspense throughout, wondering how Gus would use the celebratory gift to exact his revenge.  As the climax is reached, Gus does something that he rarely does in seasons 3 and 4:  He shouts.  Like a general in a war, he shouts, \\"Don Eladio is dead!  His capos are dead!  Fill your pockets and leave in peace, or fight me and die!\\"
B0002ZXCY4|5.0|Very sorry I didn't discover this group, or rather, this project before!  I'm now trying to catch up. Arjen Lucassen must be one of the most talented composers of contemporary time.  And also a brilliant multi-instrumentalist.  And they make concept albums, a thing I used to like in the 70's.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|You can't beat the amount of games for no price tag. Some are a bit repetitive but again, for no money you really can't complain.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I already own this app and it is wonderful for keeping track of the moon. We use it to plan fishing trips... and for free? Get it.....
B0063IH60K|5.0|this app is my favorite solitaire app that i have tried so far. i recommend it if you love to play solitaire.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|awesome! played for hours and loved it. cant wait to unlock more of the games for more hours of fun! great for kids also!
B0002MB7QW|5.0|Great Movie, I LOVE IT. I have seen it several times, it's a great story. I like how they did a story about what would happen if we were in an ice age,
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this app for school, and it is great. I have a Mac an it has pages and word but I still use this. So with all my school stuff on evernote, its nice being able to just pull it up on my kindle wherever to study.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I feel like I have done these 3 workouts 10,000 times by now. They are just the right combination of difficulty and length. If they were much longer, it'd be REALLY hard to do them! However, being only 20 minutes of hard work, you can get a great workout quick. I love this dvd, no question.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|this game is so addicting, I am so stuck though I just can't get past this level help me please.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Works fantastically on my Kindle Fire. I use it when I travel. It has always been accurate. I would recommend it to everyone!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game(s) is really fun to play....games are simple yet challenging! plays well on kindle fire. great variety of games.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a fun game so far. I haven't got too much into it yet tho. I hope it doesn't disappoint.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun app. creates hours upon hours of endless fun with a great variety of games. if you are on a car ride. this is excellent.
B001LF347E|5.0|I discovered Merlin about a year ago and have been obssessed ever since.  My love for Arthurian legend, fantasy, humor, suspense, and much more is met (if not blown away) by this series.  BBC has definitely hit the mark with this show. They take a new spin on the age-old legend, yet stay true to the main ideas and concepts (aside from the fact that Merlin is NOT an old man).  The actors portray their characters exceedingly well. Colin Morgan is amazing as Merlin, and Bradley James fits perfectly into the role of Arthur. I would recommend this show to anyone. It is appropriate for all ages (I have gotten my whole family hooked on it, and my youngest sister is only 9). I could go on and on about how much I love this show, but I think you would become bored with me, so I will stop rambling so that you can go and purchase Merlin! :)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|By far this is an incredible game. however the game goals are a bit much other than that this game is a wonderful time passer
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|The imagery is smooth, accurate and interesting!  I'd say it's a very decent app to have and to suggest to others.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I luv these games they should have a shopping game on here or a clothing design one! !!!!! silly me these games rock
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good for late night time killer. controls are a bit... off. haven't updated yet, points can take forever to build up.
0553573403|5.0|I actually bought and read this book for a college class. I wasn't to excited...until I read it. I am now reading book 5, A Dance with Dragons and have joined the thousands of fans who can't wait for the next 1 to come out. If you have any doubts about this book, buy it! Be ready to become very involved with each of the characters and the series. The plot twists will keep you on your toes as well. I would definately recommend this book to everyone!!
B004O3YGMC|4.0|The app works well. Video lags over cell data but much better on wifi. The app needs full screen support. Tried to use the windows tv recorder but it only opperates under full screen.
B004EFYZ1C|2.0|I am confused ... I much rather have one for earth. this app is pointless if you live on the moon!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so much fun..... I didn't realize I had been playing for over an hour and never got bored....you will get hooked
B004O3YGMC|3.0|No sound output on my SGS II Skyrocket. And it looks terrible. Cool, I can watch a movie but no sound? It's just a mirror app, little security. Was thinking about getting HD but I'll stick with Jump, much better app.
B0018QPPXW|4.0|\\"Risky Business\\" was always a favorite of mine.  I wanted to share it with two college students in my family, knowing it was not only timely, but very entertaining.  I wasn't wrong.  I purchased the movie for them as a Christmas gift, both students reported back how much they enjoyed it and how much their friends enjoyed seeing it at the Holiday special gatherings.  This is a great buy, an excellent movie.
B0002Y69NG|5.0|Awesome collection! I watched all the movies but haven't watched the extra content yet. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves the Matrix series.
B004JUTHVK|5.0|I saved over 100% off the price others wanted for the Scorpions Accoustica CD.  Since it was shipped from the UK, it took some time, but it was explained to me and was shipped prior than the date expected.  I am very satisfied with this dealer and would highly recommended them to anyone looking for a great deal. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004JUTHVK/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
B0012QRPU4|5.0|From what I'd heard, I expected Breaking Bad to be a badass show having something to do with drugs and a chemistry teacher, but nobody made a point of saying that the first season has some of the funniest screen moments ever made. Breaking Bad is badass, but has something for most people still alive if you're open to the ideas that even good people do bad things, that most people are complex, and if you are not fixated on the idea of a cut and dry protagonist. The casting is brilliant. The physical comedy is brilliant. The premise is brilliant. It's freakin brilliant I tell you. My favorite characters are Hank and Walt Jr. but everybody truly is brilliant in their role.<br /><br />The show is about a H.S. Chemistry teacher who got screwed in his career as an innovative chemist and is spinning his wheels to try and secure the future of his family in dire times. Enjoy. I LOVE this series. It is perhaps my favorite ever. I laughed often and really, really hard during this first season.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this game is so fun and its great to play on my kindle fire. I like that it gives you the option of the winning deal.
0786886811|5.0|My granddaughter is an up and coming baker,so I gave this cookbook to her for Christmas. She really likes the recipes in the book, has tried several and enjoys watching Nigella Lawson on TV. My granddaughter loves to make cupcakes so the front cover of the cookbook caught my attention and definitely hers too.
6304434340|5.0|Great movie if you have a little basketball fan, Michael Jordan, Bill Murray, Bugs, daffy and the rest of the looney tunes gang. How can you go wrong?
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the game is average. it is not very difficult. the game is a bit glitchy but the games are varied
B004EBT5CU|4.0|I bought this cd as a present; but, by the time I received it in the mail, it was broken in 2 places.  Guess I need to buy another one...bummer. I know the music from listening online...the music is fabulous!
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|I was really excecpting something better but it is ok. I like how you only have to put the state your in or not even have to put one.
B001OST0LW|5.0|I purchased a used DVD for my son, arrived on  time and in perfect condition in original box and had all of the inserts. I would purchase from again.
B001KDQ4KQ|4.0|Interesting book. Hard to put down but fairly perdictable. I felt like I was in the book with the characters. I felt their sadness and heartache.
0439023513|1.0|This third and final book of the Hunger Games series disappoints, with a precipitious decline in character for Katniss while ramping up the gore and violence.  Key characters are killed after struggling through the first two books to survive. Not only killed, but in most gruesome manners with considerable gory detail. Katniss who started as such a good role model for young women has evolved into such a love sick loner. She is the Mockingjay yet she spends the entire book doubting herself and showing great weakness, no leadership and no strength. The final scenes are just so awful. The readers empathy is squandered.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|best. game. ever in.life keep.it going. the is jammu happy birth day economy of time friend ten twenty age land load
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i don't like how there isn't a mode where there is no timing but it is good other than that
B004O3YGMC|5.0|First time all over again.  Haven't had a 'Wow' moment like this in quite a while.  Very cool app.  Connects first time w/ no settings changes over local network.  To access via cell, don't forget your menu key to pull up 'settings' and log into google account...then works great after going 'back' to find pc.  Works perfectly on Kindle Fire and Epic 4G.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this game is super fun and also super cool I love all the diffrent games and stuff highly recommended!
B0000524CY|5.0|JUST FINISHED WATCHING MOVIE, IT WAS BETTER THAN ORIGINAL.  SCENES THAT WERE NOT IN FIRST EXORCIST, LIKE WALKING DOWN THE STAIRCARE ON ALL FOURS, UPSIDE DOWN.<br />ALSO, DID YOU KNOW THAT:<br /><br />JACK MAC GOWRAN  (BURKE) AND<br />VASIKIKI MALLIAROS (FATHER KARRA'S MOTHER)<br />BOTH DIED SHORTLY AFTER MOVIE'S RELEASE<br /><br />HOUSE BURNED DOWN AFTER A STUDIO FIRE (EXCEPT FOR REGAN'S BEDROOM)  AND<br /><br />BLAIR AND BURSTYN BOTH SUFFERED BACK INJURIES FROM STUNTS.  AND BURSTYN SUFFERED PERMANANT SPINAL DAMAGE, AND HER SCREAM WAS REALLY HERS
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i thought it was the best games i ever played and thet are so good i would pay 10 dollars for it!!'! i love the person tthat made it!!!!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|When I first got this app, I thought it would be fun to play in the Kindle Fire, which I take with me to my frequent doctor's appointments, where I have to be there for quite some time. I often have two or three appointments scheduled back to back and have to wait in between, but don't have time to leave, so I read or play games on the Kindle Fire in between. I figured this game would be good because they were short little mini-games.<br /><br />In order to get past the first ten free games, you have to score at least 4000 points on each game to get points that you can then spend to open the other games. In the second round of games, you have to get 5000 points to get the points to earn to open the next set. I'm sure it keeps going up like that from there.<br /><br />On the Kindle Fire, the controls are sluggish, and I'm not sure it's the Kindle that's the problem, since the controls work fine on some of the other games. When you use the touch screen to move a character or a piece and the piece or character doesn't respond or jerks around not the way you move it, then it's hard to 'win' any game to unlock the others. I have finally been able to figure out tricks, like on the Sushi game, if you 'flick' it instead of keeping your finger on it, it works better and on Descent, you don't have to have your finger on the bat, but rather, at the top of the screen to go slow and bottom to go fast, but not ON the character. Figuring these little 'tricks' out (sometimes they tell you in the instructions and sometimes they don't), will help, but even so, the controls are super sluggish.<br /><br />The other thing I don't like is the duration of the games. Some of them have levels that move up some, but once you've cleared a stage and 'won' by getting the goal points, you end up only playing the same levels over and over again. So once you unlock or master a game, that's it... there's nowhere UP to go with it, so once all the games are unlocked, it's likely you won't use this app much anymore.<br /><br />Other than those things, for something that's completely free at this point, it's definitely a good (though sometimes frustrating) time waster and it's fun to play with when you don't have anything else better to do.ose things, for something that's completely free at this point, it's definitely a good (though sometimes frustrating) time waster and it's fun to play with when you don't have anything else better to do.
0698116496|5.0|My 2 year son love this book..   Pictures are great and intertaining .....  You look at the picture with your kids and make the story up together...
0553573411|3.0|I'm reading the trilogy, and overall I find it fairly mediocre.  Not good, not bad.  I probably won't read it again.  The second book has a more tightly woven set of stories, and gives us a better view of Burrich the Unkillable, and King in Waiting Verity.  We get a Queen in waiting, who I really liked--I think she's the first likeable heroine I've encountered since I read Eye of Night.  She's a sensible, competent, believable woman.  These are all improvements over the first book.  Sadly there are other problems.  The biggest is just how derivative this story is. Every twist and turn reminds me of other works.  Perhaps for that reason, there are no surprising developments.  Also Hobb writes characters who should be smarter than their actions indicate.  Fitz always was a bit dim, but he outdoes himself here and descends into flaming idiocy.  Most of what happens in this book could have been avoided if Shrewd had been shrewd, Chade had spent 60 seconds in thought, or even if Verity had taken any useful action at all.    The story was frustrating as the good guys suffer defeat after defeat without ever trying to figure out why, and the bad guys as a result get stronger and stronger. Like the first book, it ends on a very slight cliffhanger.  I'll read the next book, but I won't re-read the series.
0374275637|5.0|Definitely a must read. Beware I mention somethings in the book that may be \\"spoilers\\" but this is non-fiction- and probably won't make sense unless you already have read the book-- but just wanted to give you a heads up to stop reading out of courtesy.<br /><br />I have and continue to read extensively on various areas of economic theory, psychology, EQ, IQ, sociology etc etc. This book is a great way to tie it all together, if you have read Gilbert, Goleman, Eagleman, Ekman, and if you're interested in this subject matter it's definitely a unique perspective.<br /><br />- This is a GREAT book if you just want to read without really studying the subject matter-- you will still learn a lot.<br /><br />I wanted to get more in depth so i had pen and paper--i wanted to know more about how it compared to the other books i read etc-- it was more involved for me --it was worth the effort. It was a damn good book, no matter how many notes I took, I will need to read it over and over. I really enjoyed it because he goes more in depth than a lot of the \\"pop\\" decision/psychology/sociology/economic books out there- and ties them all together. BUT YOU DONT HAVE TO DO ALL OF IT TO GET SO MUCH FROM THIS.<br /><br />I definitely recommend reading this because even if you don't agree with everything it will force you to address why. It will at least get you to question about what you already know, what you think you know, and if what Kahneman says rings true-- take a day or two out and see this at work-- I have been weighing on it.<br /><br />A lot of people said this was boring and incomprehensible--- IT WAS NOT at least if you are well-informed already in various areas it addresses-- In fact if you are very well informed it wasn't in depth enough- so I think it's just the \\"right level\\" of depth, without dumbing us down.<br /><br />It wasn't intellectually difficult, just covered so many areas under one theme-- so in that respect well done, and unique. I'm not sure yet until i re-read it and my notes if I agree with everything-- certainly i didn't agree with the \\"banana-vomits\\" analysis and 'study' that was a little off the reservation for me.<br /><br />Some questions I have:--he did not address was gender bias question etc-- I wonder why? Almost all behavioral scientists, sociologists, psychologists, economists (women v. men investors etc) --- why not here? As a woman, I would have liked to hear his viewpoint on the various theories of gender differences in decision making.<br /><br />One more question I had besides the \\"non-issue\\" of gender bias was regarding pain thresholds/memory etc. His discussion of duration neglect and peak pains in relation to memory and experience, don't address probably the largest study of mankind-- childbirth and pain-I'm not a mother but I would think this would have been so easy to address, and the data he would have had is overwhelming. And it goes straight to his point on that chapter. And actually contradicts his findings there- I found that odd.<br /><br />Having said those two things, I overwhelmingly recommend this book-- I learned a lot, and don't agree with everything, and found some parts to be less than credible dealing with sample sizes in his own studies. He draws heavily from other author's and their studies which will not be a surprise--- but the reason I like this is that he puts it together (agree with his conclusions or not) in a fresh perspective.<br /><br />Overall-- Excellent and a very well written book.
B0063GORYU|1.0|right in the middle of a game. an ad video. will start up. This absolutely sucks ..it comes up several times each game now...do not get this game...the ad is very anoying
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Works as described.  Easy to set up.  Works well on my kindle fire.  Even works on a business network. 5 stars
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Fun mini games. You only get a few to start and play to unlock them, which is okay by me.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|like this version as much as Seasons, but have been waiting forever for 2nd levels of last version. When is the next update coming???
0307477479|2.0|Egan is a skillful writer in terms of juggling points of view and first, third, even second person narratives. She even throws in a powerpoint presentation- which is way too long. The novel, however, is bit too glib. Most of the characters are not likeable, even the children among them.  We know the stories are linked and toil to remember who the characters are sometimes. A tiring book, though certainly clever.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I expected so much more from Nicholas Sparks! He is clearly a very tallented author as he has had tremendous success with his other books and movies. This book was very predictable and followed a similar storyline as \\"The Notebook\\" and left me bored with my reading. I was so disappointed in the ending and felt like I had completely wasted my time reading this book. Hope he is able to step up his game next time. I will definitely wait next time and not pay full price for his book!!
0385534639|5.0|Pure Magic.  You must read this brilliantly told fable/fairy tale/fantasy about love and magic and living in the world as it really is rather than as we choose to see it.  The book itself is not great art.  It's about the art of being great, greater than even you knew you could be.  It is a love story on a minor scale, but makes an major case for loving what you do and loving who you are and loving where you are.  This is simply storytelling at its best.  Read this book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game to kill time kids love it and nana does too. time flys when your havin fun.get it today.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the title says it all. its awesome. but the controls are really hard to push. I would recommend but only if you can tolerate some frustration.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Very cool app! I've been waiting for something with this amount of celestial information for quite some time. Very useful in my job. Much easier and prettier than accessing the U.S. Naval Observatory sheets. Great!  The werewolf comment was awesome, too. Superman75, you've lost your edge. Your comment sucked. At least the werewolf &quot;troll&quot; has the class to give a 5-star review.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This game is only ok, it is fun, but really hard on some games. I get so frustrated some times.
0307593312|5.0|I finished the book over a week ago and I'm considering re-reading it..  hopefully there will be a sequel soon!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I thought it was a really fun game except I had a really tough time getting free credits. overall great
B000RJW1Y2|2.0|I bought with the Ferrari Game for Wii , but the Wheel is not compatible with the game, it's very important that in specifications show the games compatible with this accesories. Now I'm trying to find the games compatibles.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|One of the nicest, funny tear jerker of the 2011 season.  a must see for old or young.  Gives you a real sense of how things were in the good ole fifties and Sixties.
B005DF2QMC|2.0|to my great disappointment this converter arrived without any life, not with usb power or batteries or even dc 3v plug..  will try and return it and see what happens.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This is the best alarm app out. I like the fact that I can pick a music track to wake up too. I can set it for every weekday. Great app!
B001A0KVVM|5.0|This was a Christmas present and not as easy to find as I had hoped.  Imagine my happy surprise when the album arrived on time and in excellent condition.  My daughter is thrilled.  Thank you!
1451627289|4.0|1. You can't handle King's usual long-windedness  2. You have a pet assassination conspiracy theory that King's story doesn't tie to  3. You're looking for a distinctly original take on time travel stories  4. You're overly bothered by little errors and inaccuracies such as describing Dallas as being in central Texas; consistently misspelling the town of Killeen; locating Dealey Plaza southeast of North Pearl St., instead of southwest as it really is.  5. You're annoyed enough at King's political leanings, revealed both in the story and the afterword, to take away from your enjoyment of the book.     But if none of these are serious impediments for you, then you might enjoy the story as much as I did. In fact, when I began to write this review I had intended to give the book three stars. But it was an excellent page-turner, and I'd really call it a 3 3/4 -- which I'll round up to four.
0060926317|1.0|At frst read, ie the first couple of chapters, I became suspiceous and as I read more I was convinced that this book was written by either a very imaginative person or a liar. As I read into the middle, i became convinced that the writer had never done the things she reported while on a walk-about in the desert with one of the aboriginal tribes of Australia.  After finishing the book, I went to Google and found that my suspicions were correct - the book is totally fiction and fraudulent.  It should be burned and discarded and a warning inserted by Amazon.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great Bible app and I use this as a daily devotion too. It has many other tools that are useful in your devotional time.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|i enjoy this app very much. recommend to all. very easy to move from different parts. lots of extras to use
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I love it so much! it works well on kindle fire, my entire family loves it, and its free! I completely recommend it too anyone.
B0055SWM08|5.0|challenging without being too frustrating. I love the music. Quell is an intriguing puzzle game suitable for a wide range of ages.
B006RED4GA|5.0|I definitely think Ti West is one of the best directors working today after seeing this movie.  I used to have mixed feelings about him before because I loved Trigger Man but hated House of the Devil and The Roost.  I thought Cabin Fever 2 was okay.  The Innkeepers is just an excellent movie through and through, though it seems like nothing happens until the very end the build up is just as enjoyable.  The fact that the characters are so likeable and so well developed makes what happens at the end so much scarier.  Normally i hate ghost movies but this was just great.  Sarah Paxton carries the movie almost entirely by herself and gives one of the best performances I have seen in any movie in years.  This comes right after seeing her in Shark Night, a decent movie which is improved by her presence alone.  From now on I will look forward to any movies that Ti West or Sarah Paxton do.  The Innkeepers is brilliant.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|Probably the biggest come-back I've seen in a long time from James Cameron. Years after he did Titanic, I didn't think we'd see a movie from him again and when I heard that Avatar was coming and it was James Cameron directing, that was all i needed to keep me pacing around till December 2009 came around.  Even though the storyline for this is over-used seen it and heard it before mash-up, to me its just a reminder of how great stories can be at times. Its not as great as Titanic was, but I appreciate what James Cameron did for the movie. I still don't understand how The hurt locker beat this one for best director and picture, but after that: Thanks, James Cameron and please give us an Avatar 2! :)
B001AR0D4A|1.0|This movie leaves you feeling emotionally beat-up.  It's absolutely terrible and made us angry we spent our evening watching it.
B0064TVQ5E|3.0|The closes often for no reason and it isn't very responsive to touch so you have to try repeatedly to select tiles.<br />Update - Functions fine now.
B004TJ1H3C|5.0|First off, I will say, I am picky about what I invest my time in watching.  I love science fiction - but even then, I am even MORE picky.  No, Stargate Universe is NOT a kid's Stargate, but thats a good thing.  After many years, it was time for the franchise to stretch and grow.  It is not like the rest of the Stargate franchise.  It is better, IMHO.  It is about as three-dimensional and real as anyone could possibly hope for.  Yes, the first season was a little stiff, I'll admit that - but to the detractors - how many great series have an outstanding first season?  Even the West Wing, for pete's sake, had a first season that was one big yawn.  I didn't see it quite that way with Stargate Universe.  Are there tensions or disagreements in real life?  Yes.  Are there gay/lesbian people in real life?  Yes.  Do people have sex outside of marriage?  (.....stupid question)  This was an adult program - as evidenced by the time slot.  It was a story of real-life people dealing with the perils of survival.  This second season of Stargate Universe was as fine a television season as I have seen in years, and I do not make this claim as the usual sci-fi demographic.  I am an over 50-year-old woman who owns her own basement, thank you very much.  The actors and actresses, the writers, producers, directors, all of them, the music, the sets - they all gave the performances of their life, and I am so grateful to have had the experience.  I bought both seasons from Amazon to own to re-watch at my leisure.  I look forward to the day when a sharp and cutting-edge network executive gets with the program and envisions the future of television entertainment being far, far beyond the outdated and obsolete Neilson ratings (its not a question of if -- it's a question of when), and there will be more seasons of Stargate Universe with this fine ensemble cast.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Ok game.  could be better, some of the games are not well developed or the controls are strange.overall its okay
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I don't care what the app is anymore, just to offset superman75 they all get 5 stars. Then we'll let the honest reviews rate an app.
1401225756|4.0|I'm pretty excited to have finally 'discovered' Neil Gaiman. A year or so ago, I had voiced my intention to begin reading his stuff... and was a bit discouraged to hear that [[ASIN:0060558121 American Gods: A Novel]] (a book that I owned and had sitting on my TBR) perhaps wasn't the best place to start... after suggesting that perhaps I would go with [[ASIN:0060853972 Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch]]... and hearing \\"no that's not a good place to start either\\"; I just sort of shrugged and set the intention aside and picked up something else.  After having read, absorbed, and contemplated [[ASIN:0060558121 American Gods: A Novel]] and finding it a TERRIFIC place to start, I thought I might try one of Gaiman's Sandman stories...  [[ASIN:1401225756 The Sandman Vol. 1: Preludes & Nocturnes]] Neil Gaiman; a collection of the first 8 Sandman stories... self-described by Gaiman as awkward and ungainly... if so, the rest of the series must be extraordinary! Reading a graphic novel is NOT like reading a regular novel (something that probably seems obvious to graphic novel veterans), you have to slooowwww down and absorb the images along with the story. I've not read many graphic novels (Watchmen and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen mainly) so I'm not very good at it... but practicing on the Sandman series promises to be very entertaining!
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|works as good as any other one out there haven't had any major issues.  ill update if there are any.
B004EBZX6W|1.0|First app that I had that locked up my Kindle Fire. I had to figure our how to reset it!  Junk! DO NOT bother with it!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|so far so good. just got it seems to keep me and the.kids entertained some games are tricky but still fun to play and pretty much.idiot proof
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Finally a convenient app to warn me about the full moon!  No more will innocent people be murdered at my claws, thank you Udell Enterprises, Inc.
1451627289|4.0|I'm not normally a big reader, but I had some time during my holiday break from classes and wrapped this book up in only 4 days (not bad for working full time as well). I don't want to give spoilers, but I was very disappointed in the ending. The book had fantastic character development, especially with Sadie. I fell in love with her. The book took on a theme of a romance for about 500 pages and then all of a sudden changed like a cold hard slap in the face.. I loved it until the last hundred pages, therefore it dropped from a 5 star to a 4.
B001AFF25W|4.0|This book provides some great reminders and tips on time management and focusing on your top priorities first!  Twenty-one topics are covered, and while there may be some repetition, it's very useful information.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|At last we finally have Brian Wilson's masterpiece as it was intended with the voices of the original Beach Boys.  The SMiLE Sessions cd renders Brian Wilson's SMiLE, now almost seemingly a vanity project, obsolete by virtue of the purity of the Boy's voices here untouched by age.  Just listen to Our Prayer on the Sessions album compared with the Wondermints' version on the 2004 SMiLE.  It's easy now to see why the SMiLE album was abandoned in 1966.  The Beach Boys' teen market would have been perplexed and, in the end, turned-off by what they would have perceived as a string of non-danceable tunes with obscure allusions and references to grade school history names like Plymouth Rock and the Iron Horse.  It is easier as well to understand why Brian withdrew from the music scene for so many years.  The shelving of the SMiLE album was a dead-end.  He could not turn back either and retrace his steps toward the songs of The Beach Boys Today and All Summer Long or even Pet Sounds.    Brian Wilson famously referred to SMiLE as a \\"teenage symphony to God\\", which may reveal that he did not have the teenage experience associated with his earlier songs.  In any case, Brian was 24 years old during the recording of these sessions, and while he may have thought that he could still express teenage angst, the results indicate the work of a very talented adult musician who took rock music as close as it could get to symphonic music.  Listen to the Sessions from Our Prayer through to Good Vibrations.  Then listen to it again.  And again.  It will become apparent why the individual songs did not have much impact when they were dribbled out over the Beach Boys' post-1966 albums.  They belong together as a celebratory symphony of America.  SMiLE is a masterpiece of 20th Century American Music, in my view as important to the genre as Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue or as Whitman's Leaves of Grass is to 19th Century Literature.  And, therefore, well worth the wait.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|Very cool app.  Beautiful images, and lots of interesting moon info.  Well worth the price.  I would reccomend this app to my friends.
B005URRCUY|5.0|This is a great rock album, just like everything The Black Keys have done.  Critics point out that it's not as raw as their earlier stuff (much like the criticisms of the Kings of Leon or Iron & Wine), but isn't that the point?  Why do rock and roll artists have to churn out the same old style just to please their early hard-core followers?  I admit that I came to The Black Keys very late, despite the fact that they grew up near where I live.  But in going backwards in their catalog, I've found something to love--and rock--in everything they've done.  Sure, El Camino is different, but haven't they lived a life of a whole lot of new experiences since the beginning?  And isn't it natural for them to incorporate those experiences into their new music?  And doesn't it still sound like The Black Keys?  El Camino is a fun listening experience and makes me want to tap my feet and dance just like the guy in the Lonely Boy video.  By far one of the best albums of 2011.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is a Great game to have fun. I love all of the different games it is ssssoooo much fun. The company who made was genus.
B0059IVV9M|5.0|If you've been following the development of Zach Condon, this album demonstrates how a prodigy is maturing into a musician for the ages.  If you haven't, treat yourself to a revelation and get this album.  Every previous Beirut album has been a celebration of musical cultural infusion and The Rip Tide is no different--just more refined and haunting.  The title track is by far the most memorable song for me of 2011.  Condon's infusion of musical inspirations, the well-selected harmonies, and the musicianship of Beirut combine to make for an incredible aural journey.  I only wish there had been a bit more of it.
B0006MT314|4.0|Great CD. Lot's of good songs and good choice on the live version of I Don't Want To Be. Would recommend to anyone.
B006KSAPV0|4.0|If you like foreign movies, you will probably like this film. If you don't, I do not think this will convert you (unlike GIRL WITH DRAGON TATTOO).  It is exactly what I expect from Spanish director Pedro Aldomavar.  His lead, Antonia Banderas worked with him before he came to America and this is their first reunion in decades.  They are a good pairing.<br /><br />We begin in the present with a plastic surgeon, Robert Legard (Banderas),.  He is also a medical researcher who is constantly trying to create better skin because of his late wife who suffered hideous burns in a car crash.  He was not able to give her better skin so he keeps trying to do it long after her death.  Oddly he has a young woman patient, Vera, who stays in his mansion as sort of a trial patient.  She is very beautiful and young. He experiments with his new skin attempts on Vera but he never actually mars her.  In fact, he seems to be building Vera to be a duplicate of his late wife, except better.<br /><br />We are told that there is both a strain of madness that runs through Legard's family as well as a history replete with tragedy.  Vera is tied up with both.  In order to find out how, we flash back to six years earlier and see Legrand when his wife and daughter were still alive. That ends in tragedy and Legrand's penchant for madness starts twisting its way into his psyche as he finds himself alone.<br /><br />I thought it was very good but for those who are expecting something like NIP N TUCK, except in Spanish, this is about as far from that tv show as it is possible to be.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B004UID2LC|5.0|great app had it for a day downloaded lots of songs still works awesome completely great just is the best music app ever
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good time passing games. easy for all ages. good variety of games. like being able to unlock variety of new games.
B0034G4P9E|2.0|I was really surprised by how average this film was given the rave reviews I'd read on several different websites, including IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes. This movie is a very typical of the genre and does not cover any new ground. The strained relationships between the brothers, the wife and husband, and the sons and their father are all very cliche and predictable. You'll also be able to predict the ending of the movie after about an hour or so (or alternatively, you could just look at the disc cover art). The acting is pretty solid, but unfortunately the three main actors weren't able to overcome the fact that the plot was very weak.  The film's biggest strength is the UFC-style cage fighting scenes, which for the most part were authentically choreographed and pretty compelling. I'm a big MMA fan so I gave the film 2 stars just for the fighting scenes.  But honestly folks, the glowing reviews you see here just aren't accurate. This film is typical fight movie fare and is in no way deserving of anything more than 2-3 stars.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome. ii I I I I I I I I I I k I I I j j love this game
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the first set of games are a good mixture of easy and slightly challenging. good way to kill some time like waiting in the airport.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love this app!!! I am addicted already! But I don't like the points that they give you in a game.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote is a geat app that I use for tasks. I have it on all my devices. Try it out.
B003Y5HWGI|1.0|My wife is addicted to this show. Every year I go to BestBuy and get her the newest season. This year I thought to avoid the crowds I would simply order it....BIG MISTAKE!! Product came no problem, and looked brand new as though I bought it from a larger store here at home. When my wife opened the package 3 of the 5 discs were severely scractched and took a lot of work to play. 5 disc set....the 5th disc was labeled #5 but when we tried to play it the title screen said #4. So now I have a  junk set of movies and for her to watch the last disc I need to jump through a million hoops or buy another copy at BestBuy..... I will never make this mistake again.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Knowing the lunar phase of the moon is very important if you plan to escape the earth using the aperture science hand held portal device.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|I almost gave up on this book in the first 50 pages, but I'm glad I stuck with it. What was turning me off was the poorly written dialogue, and unfortunately that never really improved later in the book, but the story itself captivated me enough that I could overlook the dialogue. It takes about 50-100 pages to really get going, but once it does it never lets up. Very satisfying ending.
B0063IH60K|4.0|great free ap. very addictive!! would recommend this version to anyone who likes Klondike solitaire &amp;doesn't want to pay a lot for it.
B0043URV5U|5.0|This is a great CD!!! 26of SEGER'S greatest songs on a 2 CD SET!!! If you like BOB SEGER, you'll love this collection!!!
B0002TKFRM|5.0|Every time I hear this recording, I shake my head in disbelief it was recorded in 1957!  Recorded by the brilliant Lewis Layton, he did not live to know the depth of sonics he captured in the great Living Stereo recordings. Reiner and the Chicago symphony were top of the line in this performance. Must own!
B005NS0VNU|5.0|This R.E.M.CD IS AWESOME!!! There are 40 songs on this 2 set CD. You couldn't get a better collection of great songs plus there is a couple newly released songs. Now that R.E.M  is no longer together this should ne every fan's TREASURE!!!\\"
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|this app does what it is intended to do as good as it possibly can, well done dev. more words here to submit the review
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app is.perfect for Kindle Fire users. It allows you to perfectly and smoothly access your computer or laptop anywhere through the kindle.  I thought it was too good to be true but it exceeded expectation.
B0051GOB26|5.0|I can't be your friend if you haven't seen this movie. This is easily one of the funniest and best made comedies of all time. I have probably seen this film well over 100 times and it still rocks my socks off every time I see it. Masterful acting from Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Steve Buscemi and a host of awesome supporting characters combined with the expert writing and direction of the Coen Brothers makes this a film you can't miss. So go and watch it, you're wasting time!
B004RJMUJO|3.0|the free version actually has more BLADES! so stupid. as long as u are willing to deal with the adds
B0063IH60K|5.0|Addicted to this game......nice colorful graphics and the cards are easily seen on my Kindle Fire.....no problems and highly recommend.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|It was a fun game for rides or being bored at night but a great exciting game I'm addicted to.  it was not.  needs work on the loading lag.
B004LWZW4W|3.0|As is usually the case I listened to all the hype and the critic reviews and just purchased this movie. I do have all the original Planet of the Apes movies and thoroughly enjoy them and thought I would add this to the collection. It wasn't a dreadful movie but it didn't hook me creating that I want to know what will happen next feeling.  The story line of how the apes became intelligent was interesting.  Franco wasn't interesting or convincing as a scientist. The time lines in the story made no sense.  For instance Franco takes Cesar home and then it is 3 to 5 years later! In that time there is no mention or updates original formula? What has he been working on at the lab? He has been doing a lot of work but at home but is never seen at the lab doing a thing. He meets a girl and bam they are what living together, married and doing what for those 3 to 5 years. Franco has an Ape and is living next door to a family with children. The family doesn't contact anyone when there are incidents of the Ape escaping and getting into their yard and around their kids!  It seems the story could have been better mapped out and the characters more endearing but then this movie would have needed to be four hours long.
B006INDTAQ|4.0|Ignore the whiners--best aliens since Alien. Great effects, great cast, flawless production values and great concept.  Makes Stephen Hawkings words about the dangers of first contact reasonable to say the least.  Ella's line \\"they see you (humans) as insects\\" chilling. A close second to Stargate.  Some uneven editing but didn't break my suspension of disbelief.
B003JACW6I|5.0|I wish this show had never gone off the air. It is one of the wittiest and best-written shows ever. Their peppy repartee is perfect. Some people do not like it, because you have to pay attention with as fast as they banter, but the storyline and characters will long be remembered.<br /><br />And now all these years later, Melissa McCarthy becomes the Queen of Comedy. You will love her in this as Sooki.<br /><br />Buy a season at a time, grab some coffee and hunker down for the Gilmores!
B006QPVH6O|1.0|There are few movies that I finish and then fervently wish for the past few hours back. This was one of them. To list a few of the issues:  The \\"found footage\\" aspect did not add anything to the movie. I think it's just a popular style now, and the makers of this movie tried to get onboard. And that may work in some stories; in this, it made it very difficult to follow. You'd have a fairly good view of a character, then the camera would shake, the screen would be fuzzy, and you'd lose a few seconds. It seems like a small issue at first, but when it continues to happen it's just irritating. The dialogue was often fuzzy and too soft because of this as well. When you're shooting in something as small as a lander, you want all the camera view you can get. I will say that they at least had a few different camera angles, which was slightly redeeming.  For some unfathomable reason, NASA did not provide these guys with flashlights. Spacesuits, food, medical supplies, yes. But when they ventured out in the dark, they had a strobe light that intermittently caught you up on events. It's a testament to the pathetic storyline that even this failed to the make the movie remotely frightening.   The plot failed to advance. Nothing scary happened, and any foreshadowing was rendered meaningless because you couldn't see anything, due to the aforementioned issues. The most I can give it is slightly creepy, but you have to sit through way more than half the movie before anything happens. Even then, you don't really care. The characters were shallow and undeveloped, so their fright or confusion didn't really affect the audience. The threats in the movie were very cliche.   I could not recommend against seeing this movie more. It's thoroughly boring and uneventful. There are no redeeming qualities.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I was skeptical at first but this app is absolutely fantastic! It works great and my Kindle Fire works just like my computer. I can even access my external hard drive. Fabulous app!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|New to games but could not put them down until I fell asleep playing games.  Some movements are hard to control.
0062082353|1.0|I find it disturbing that anyone would write such a book from a professional military perspective. Seems like some civilians would Believe anything as long as the author slap on the bumpersticker \\"Navy Seal\\". Good job Chris telling them the truth..  I know there are plenty of honest men full of integrity working in the Teams, but this guy is garbage and bad advertisement for the Seal Teams.  Thank you for your service Chris, but this book should never have been given out.  By the way if this guy is a real Seal like he claims to be, I included one sentence from the Navy Seal creed:  \\"I do not advertise the nature of my work, nor seek recognition for my actions.\\"
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This app works well with kindle fiire.  Thank you Amazon for the varity of free apps of the day. Makes waking up something to look forward to.  Another great keeper.  Also would be well worth the 99 cent price tag.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|Do not like. Fire keeps falling when playing a game. Also,it seems to keep the heat in when I use the fire for any length of time
B000PMLFRA|3.0|Content -- \\"The Original Trilogy\\" doesn't mean original theatrical release. I think it's implied that Star Wars Trilogy means Episodes IV-VI. So saying original trilogy made me think these were the theatrical releases that we all grew up with as kids or saw for the first time. Nope. At least Star Wars and Empire are palatable. Can't say the same for Return of the Jedi. The closing sequence or the Max Rebo Band's performance at Jabba's Palace are an absolute joke.  This package should have offered the original theatrical release.  Technical aspects -- Technical aspects raise my rating a bit. The blu-ray transfer is amazing. The sound is even better. The picture is brightened just a bit which brings out details you can't see in these movies in standard def or even on the old VHS copies I have. (I really like the original original versions, what can I say?) Plus seeing this for the first time in high-def is awesome.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|this is a very good games but I'm not aloud b c stupid kindle fire wont let me so watevs hahshah
1400052173|5.0|The historical perspective of both Henrietta Lacks' life and her cells contribution to science is mesmerizing and a must read book.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|fun games but it takes to many points to unlock the games. but the games are fun once unlocked and extra points are earned
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great app!! nothing else can beat an app with 101 games that is free! best app out there! nothing can beat it!
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Swift Key is an amazing keyboard. But android 4.0 has an amazing voice to text option that you can't utilize with swift key. So right now I am am using the regular keyboard instead of swiftkey just so I can use the voice to speech. please fix this so I can have the best of both worlds.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|some of the games are fun others are hard getting the points to unlock the games is time consuming. so if you need something to pass the time and you have patient enough to unlock all the games its fun
B004A8ZWXS|5.0|A movie's most important feature is the response of those who view it.  The more movies they see, the more difficult it is to capture their approval.  Just a few short years ago I invited my oldest son to watch 'Casablanca'.  When the film was over he sat watching the credits in complete silence.  Finally, he looked over at me, a teenager becoming a man and said, \\"Dad, that may have been the best movie I've ever seen.\\"  As I was walking out of the theatre this evening, following a viewing of 'Warhorse,' he stepped into stride alongside me and said quietly, \\"I sure miss seeing movies like this.\\"  There was a period where I found myself employing the phrase, '...when movies were movies...'  Films  like 'Warhorse' allow me to proclaim , \\"...Movies at their best...'  Well done Mr. Spielberg and company.  TL Farley,  bibleraptureprophecy.com   author,  When Now Becomes Too Late,  &  Distant Reaches {True-Life Adventure in Ireland, Boston, Cape May and on the North Atlantic.} Available in print, ebook, and on Kindle.
B004FEJ3VY|5.0|Speedy delivery! I ordered this a couple weeks before Christmas and had it shipped to a nephew in London. I was worried it would't make it in time but there was plenty of time to spare! I was very happy and so was he!
B0063IH60K|5.0|For a solitare game I have no compliants.  It works well and i haven't run into any bugs.  great time killer
B000W91RUG|1.0|My wife just opened up her Christmas present and there was no DVD inside.  I am not at all satisfied with this purchase.
B0063IH60K|5.0|excellent way to waste an excessive amount of otherwise productive time.  haven't had time to fully explore all of the options yet -been too busy playing the game!
B002MQYOFW|3.0|The plot of the story was nice but the writing just wasnt the strongest. I have seen better writing in cildren's literature before, like The Mysterious Benedict Society! So I just had that sense of disapointment. I guess I wanted and expected more from the author. Grammar whise, this is not a young adult's book!
B005SZNZAY|5.0|this is a great album! it shows that Chris still has it!great combination of classic soundgarden, along with some temple of the dog, and audioslave songs. If you are a Chris Cornell fan it is definitely worth taking the time to listen to it!
B005OK722U|5.0|Why all the hate? What was everyone expecting when sitting down of Hostel Part III? An Oscar worthy film with many tears and moving moments? No. It's a horror movie, of the 21st century torture/revenge variety. For what it was, this film turned out fantastic! People don't like that Eli Roth didn't put his touches on this one, but you know what? It's time to move on from what he did. It's  time to hand over the baton that we all knew would be passed sooner or later. Who did he give it to? Some new guy who would ruin the film franchise? Some up and coming pretentious twit? No way. He gave it to Scott Spiegel, long time Sam Raimi Collaborator, producer of Hostel I and II, and DIRECTOR OF INTRUDER! One of the best slasher films of all time! Everyone needs to calm down and see this film for what it really is: a cult following aimed horror film. Will the fans of Twilight or Avatar applaud this effort? Maybe not. Will the art crowd or, dramatic theater actors rejoice in Hostel III? Well it would be a step in the right direction surely! But this film isn't appealing to them, nor is it trying to. This is a horror film, for cult horror film fans, pure and simple, and in that respect, it did more than it's fair share.
B0063GORYU|5.0|cannot understand why I had trouble playing with kindle horizontal, but once I went vertical I have had great success rates.  love this game...see if you find this happens to you.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have this app on my iPhone and its simple, fun and to the point. I was happy to see it available for my Kindle Fire. There are several customization options available to tailor the game to your playing style, and none of them affect the playing experience in a bad way. Recommended.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|this is an awesome app!  It. is important for.me to know what the temp is in the morning and when I walk the dog!!!! if.u want a dependable weather app u should get this and it is free!!!
0061438294|5.0|Joe has written this book very well. It teaches you the fundamentals of non verbals and importance of interpreting these queues.  The book has a very good structure and is an easy read.  This book deserves a 5 for an interesting read that can be useful in day to day life/business & relationships.
B005HSL626|5.0|this is one of the best apps ever!!!  whenever I start I cant stop.  I was up all night trying to beat my highest record!!!!!!&#9733;
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I find it fun but it is a little annoying the whole &quot;buying&quot; games I wish you could just unlock them..... eh its what ever
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is not only free but is also full of all the games that we love and some new ones that we will also enjoy. I recommend this to anyone with young children or time to kill!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Great little games for when you want to kill some time. It's free so I can understand why it needs ads.
B005D0RDIE|5.0|I have to agree with the poor reviews of the audio cd of this concert, but somehow that miraculously goes away when watching the video. Of course, concerts are also meant to be seen, so maybe only listening gives one a hyper-critical assessment of any flaws. Watching this live performance blows that attitude away and you are swept along as if you are there. Geddy and Neil are just killing it and have gotten way better over the years. It's Alex that has gotten a bit sloppy in the live aspect. Great camera angles, super songs and wonderful concert experience. Forget the CD and buy the video, it's a rockin' good time!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|The app is easy to set up and easy to use. I had the streaming program on my pc, setup in minutes and was running in 20min.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|pretty fun I liked that its free. but still has like. a billion million kazilion games it is good for its money
B0063IH60K|1.0|Basically, it looks like, from time to time, it stops game play and redirects you to an ad whether you like it or not.  I find this fairly annoying and offensive to my sensibilities.  Not recommended. I'll be uninstalling this app soon.  This is the second app from MobilityWare that has introduced these aggressive and annoying ads.  I'll have to make a note to myself to boycott this company going forwards..
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|A very solid app. The quality of the images alone is amazing.  Unlike the geniuses who commented previously, you dont need to be a witch or werewolf to utilize this app.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I love this game. it is very addicting!  I played it almost every day. well it is very good. thanxx
B0054JZC6E|3.0|A lot of cute games to help pass the time, and works very well on the kindle fire. Not amazing but fun.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|After the first play the kids are hooked and its not a bad time waster for us adults...lots of different games that you have to unlock...so it gets pretty addictive.  Have fun!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Fun, easy app to help pass the time. Gets a little monotonous on occasion, but there's plentyvof games to choose from when you're tired of the others.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|get it this is the best game I have played in a while because it is so addicting so get it
0143038583|5.0|This book is a must-read for those who believe you are what you eat.  It contains a lot of need-to-know info if you are trying to eat a truly healthy diet in this age when all seems to be motivated by greed.  I got a little bogged down at the end, but no worry, it was well worth the investment long before.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is the most fun board game I've ever played.  Everyone I've played with also loves it.  Similar to age of empires.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Addictive game.  Good graphics.  The levels are challenging but solvable.  One of the best games you can buy.  Highly recommended .
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app is awesome. I cant really think of a time when i would actually need it, but since it was free i couldn't care less. This app works flawlessly though and its so simple to use!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the. game is pretty cool but some games aren't so fun ! :) (: but still the game is pretty fun
B005HSL626|5.0|hi hi hi hi and its fun.bshhdodkvbdososbxgduodoshdd.  hdhhhdhdhdjiejsvdghdjsjshdjjd he hedgehog hsshhdhd hdjdjjd hhdhdhdhd bailey is my name bhdddh dhhdjdhdv eggs hhdhdhdh hdhdhdiv vdhdjqpsbvdh hfipwvdnoai bxipqokxbxydw bjfoeopdvdh gdjidoqbsv hkdpt bdhjsjsbshdhs hdhiwkabvxuds bsi
B001UV4XJ2|3.0|As with other reviewers, I have to agree.  The move itself is fine.  I'm just disappointed in the ultraviolet version.  I hope the manufacturer takes concerns into consideration before continuing these types of \\"digital\\" releases.
B0063GORYU|5.0|great game and easy to use, one of my favorite apps, games can be played quickly.  highly recommended game for everyone.
B000Q7ZO8U|5.0|How did I miss this when it came out?  I really enjoyed this movie and so did my son.  I look forward to sharing this with me every holiday season.
B004EFYZ1C|3.0|not really sure what to use this app for.  cute, but where's the beef?  maybe if location tide numbers would be nice.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I have tried to download this game and it its just stuck in the que area, even though it fully downloaded the times. it won't let me play it at all. Now it won't let me uninstall it. Wtf
0380713802|1.0|I only read the Italy chapters.<br /><br />If writing like this is what is selling a lot of books then we can all become writers, there is obviously no talent needed!  My main issue with his travel writing about Italy is the complaining, complaining, complaining, endless complaining.  It was too hot, the line was too long, the English tourist women in the cafes were too ugly, and on and on and on.  Sometimes he does manage to be funny (describing the emotions of travelers while buying tickets at the train station), but at other times, the incidents that happen to him seem to be made up (like the policewoman in Florence who was typing one key at a time waiting whole minutes between each key, I mean seriously? its a bit much and FAKE)<br /><br />I've been to Italy, and yes it can be frustrating sometimes, TrenItalia DOES make Amtrak look competent, but his whole description of travel in Italy is one misery after another.  The only place where he has a good time, and describes beauty is in Capri.  He doesn't even make an attempt to spend time in Naples, or eat there or sight-see there, even though that chapter is named \\"Naples, Sorrento and Capri\\". Just another typical American buffoon who can't deal with Naples because he is expecting Switzerland or something in the south of Italy.<br /><br />Also some of his observations are pretty misogynistic, describing some tourist women as \\"mannish\\" and \\"insufferable to look at\\", I mean has this man ever looked in the mirror?? Does he think he is some inspiration for a vision of beauty?? But besides all that, my main problem with this work is that it doesn't add anything to one's knowledge or experience of Italy, the book is styled in this format: I went to place A hated my hotel, then I went to place B too much walking, grumble grumble, then on to place C, more grumbling.......a very boring, even irritating and overdone concept.<br /><br />YOU WILL LEARN NOTHING about Europe from this glorified travel journal, books like this make me want to write, because apparently anyone can do it! and make lots of money! no talent or concept needed!anyone can do it! and make lots of money! no talent or concept needed!
B004LROUW2|1.0|As an avid fan of Murakami Haruki, I eagerly awaited the release of 1Q84 in English.  How ecstatic I was to finally purchase this book on Kindle and read it alongside my husband, who read it in his native Japanese.  We read at the same pace, comparing phrases and exclaiming over the excellent translation.  That is, until about 2 chapters into the book.  At this point I lost interest, never to regain it.  I did finish reading the entire, excruciating tome, but only to be able to compare the experience with my husband.  He is not the voracious reader that I am, and he gave the book a much milder review than I do.  To be direct, this book was hideous and a complete waste of time.  My mind wandered while reading - something that only happens when I read the trashiest books, and I found myself inventing chores to do in order to stop the torment of reading such a boring book.  It may be noted as well that my husband could not get through more than 5 pages without falling asleep; thus it took us more than 1 month to finish this enormous disappointment of a \\"story\\".  Murakami-san, please do your fans a favor and stop writing if this is the best you can do now!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i absolutely love this app its very entertaining and addictive! will definitely keep me and my niece busy for a very very long time.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This app is worthy of my first review.  Works great on the Kindle Fire.  Simple to use even for my seven year old.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|These games are fun and entertaining:) Its free and I would recommend this game for any one who is looking for a game to play.
B005IZLPME|5.0|NICE MOVIE, ENJOYED IT, ARRIVED IN A SPEEDY WAY, IN GOOD CONDITION, UNFORTUNATELY WITH MY LAST DEALING WITH AMAZON IN WILL NOT USE THEM AGAIN UNLESS THEY ARE THE ONLY WAY I CAN PURCHASE AN ITEM
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Its just as the name suggests. You start with 10 games and earn money from those games to buy the others. Lots of fun to see the money stack up. Highly recommend this FREE app.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|lots of ads but easy to work around them. the games I've played so far have been simple but fun.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|they give weird directions. it fun for a bit then it gets boring. the games are weird. you have use your game points to get more games
B00006LFGD|5.0|If you Love Barbra Streisand you will love this. The voices on this CD are wonderful. I am a big Barbra Streisand fan and this is one of my favorites. Amazon is so easy to receive this. I ordered it early morning and next day I got it. There the best.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|The kids have fun playing this,game. Sometimes its very hard to get all the pigs. All in all, a great free game.
B001SRC9P8|5.0|I hadn't heard too much about the books until I saw it was being made into a TV series. I was able to get the first four bundled together for a steal, so I decided to give them a try. And thank God I did!<br />Spencer, Aria, Hannah, and Emily each have their own little secrets and skeletons in their closets, jealousy, envy, secret romances and heartbreaks, it is very dark and twisted, in a good way.<br />I have read several teen reads, and in it there is usually a female protagonist who is at odds with a popular girl, loves to read/paint/draw/perform music/whatever isn't shopping. Well, these girls are not quite the same. Spencer is the straight A, Sports playing, Student Council President taking all AP Classes type who has the \\"Perfect\\" family, complete with a sister she can't stand. Aria is the whimsical artist who adores reading and anything ecclectic. Hanna is the most popular bitch in school, and with best friend Mona, rules the school against rival pair Naomi and Riley. Finally there Emily, not near as rich as the rest of her school, but a great swimmer, who meets a new girl and developes confusing feelings about her.<br />Needless to say, they are a bit different, and I love it that way. They are so deliciously twisted in some moments, being concerned with their own motives and desires, ignoring the greater good.<br />See, the four used to be best friends with eachother and another girl, Ali, the most perfect of perfect. But, one night at a sleepover in Spencer's barn, Ali goes missing. No one has seen or heard from her in three years. All types of search parties were tried, but nothing worked. Now, at the beginning of the girls Junior year, they all start recieving messages from a mysterious \\"A\\" who knows about things only Ali would know about them.<br />Told from the point of view of all four girls in their own perspectives, it is rich in personality and secrets. The mystery of who A is draws you in, but the imperfect, suprisingly relatable girls keep you till the end. And don't worry, the story doesn't end here, and A's identity is still a mystery, left to solve for the next books.<br />The only problem I had was the girls constantly reffered to different brand names when describing people or things. \\"So & So had her Juicy necklace over her Abercrombie Tee with a Tiffany's Hairband, and another girl was super cute in her Marc Jacobs and ??? outfit.\\" I thought I knew big brands, but these girls take it to a whole new level.'t worry, the story doesn't end here, and A's identity is still a mystery, left to solve for the next books.  The only problem I had was the girls constantly reffered to different brand names when describing people or things. \\"So & So had her Juicy necklace over her Abercrombie Tee with a Tiffany's Hairband, and another girl was super cute in her Marc Jacobs and ??? outfit.\\" I thought I knew big brands, but these girls take it to a whole new level.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|this was a pretty sweet app to screw around with for a while. astrology is fascinating, but I'm not crazy about it and it was still pretty cool. for people that are really into astrology this app has extensive and could be very useful. for people that aren't, its still pretty cool. also, the graphics are great, the abilities are plentiful, and it will be fun for astrology fanatics and for people that are not astrology fanatics. five stars for those facts.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|The first Hangover was  not too bad, this one was just terrible.  The acting is bad, the script is bad, everything about this movie was just bad.  Do yourself a favor, don't buy this movie as it is a total waste of time and money.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I found this game to be pretty additive. works great on my kindle fire. I love trying to unlock the new games.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|I love this app!! its fun has aton of leavels!!!!!!! and it works great on the kindle fire!!!! (if its not free hear get it from amazon!!!!!)
B004UJAOLM|2.0|Sadly, I couldn't even finish it. It is well written and interesting but it is depressing in the extreme. I read about half and I had to stop reading it and start reading a more uplifting story.   I was expecting something closer to her sister's Jane Eyre, oh how wrong I was.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Fun way to pass time. Takes some work to keep unlocking new games. A lot of repeat plays required but works as advertised.
B006LS7DQE|5.0|it is a simple yet addictive game. honestly I have wasted a lot of my precious time playing this. this is the best jewels matching game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game can play for hours all differenrt little games in one all different and very fun for anybody any age
B0054JZC6E|4.0|There are so many games, you never get bored. Some are so simple they seem hard. It is a good app to pass some time.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|you don't start out with 116 games. you have to play and unlock other games. overall fun could be better
B0055SWM08|5.0|Buttery smooth gameplay, terrific musical score and challenging puzzles. For the price it simply cannot be any better and I look forward to more offerings from Fallen Tree Games!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this bane brought me to nothing but smiles, my kids also loved the game hope everyone else loves the game also
B004EFYZ1C|1.0|locked up phone requiring a battery pull. Why start on boot? No app exit in menu. Back button does not exit app. Home button locked it up.
B004GYNPL2|1.0|will give 5 stars if an update is ever pushed to amazon, as it is in google market! get with it msevensoftware and get it done.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I have been using this app for a few weeks now.  I love it. I can make lists or notes on the fly, email the notes to print off at home or work, use the calendar to post appointments (color coded), and search for content.  I'm finding it's one of my go-to apps for keeping track of all kinds of things.  I tried one other Note app but this is far superior.  Works great on my Kindle Fire.
B000CCIVDO|3.0|The headphones are ok. They deliver audio sound. I expected more than what I got. I wil keep trying and let you know what I come up with later.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Challenging and also relaxing.  Beautiful soundtrack, smooth gameplay, and nice graphics.  Got this as a daily free app, and really enjoy it.  I'm very selective about what apps may grace my Fire, and this is one of the lucky ones!
B002GJT4YQ|1.0|Do not be surprised when you receive this and your digital copy code expired OVER A YEAR AGO. Completely ridiculous, but you know what? I am not even a little bit surprised. Typical WB just trying to get every little penny possible for this franchise.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great app for the road or to just sit on the couch. it has multible games that are always fun with verity so it never gets boring. just one app for all these game that wouldd be a waist if I downloaded them separately. great for a free app.
B002GJT4XW|1.0|Surprise, surprise! Warner Bros is trying to get even MORE of our money for this franchise. The digital copy that this supposively comes with expired, OVER A YEAR AGO. DO NOT get if you are expecting that.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|What can I say about 'Rome' the series? It is fantastic!! When I first heard of the series, I was already hooked on the 'Spartacus' series, and 'Rome' had already been cancelled for quite some time. Since I'm a 'Spartacus' fan, and an afficionado of all thing ancient-Roman, I thought it would fit nicely with the whole theme, and fill the void between 'Spartacus' seasons (mind you, the series 'Rome' takes place AFTER the gladiatorial uprisings of the \\"slave rebellion\\" in which 'Spartacus' takes place). Only thing is....I ended up loving this series!!  Ok, for my fellow 'Spartacus' fans, 'Rome' is nothing like it. What it lacks in blood and action, it makes up for a more historically accurate, dramatic and beautifully crafted story. The pace is a little slower, the sets and costumes are divine, and the acting and the actors are superb (as are with 'spartacus'). Of course, it took me a while to transition from the 'Spartacus' mindset, but once I did (it only took one episode), I fell in love with 'Rome'.<br /><br />You'll learn to love Titus Pullo and Lucius Vorenus, and Mark Antony is magnificently played. I was reluctant to accept the actor that played Julius Caesar at first, but I learned to like him too. As with Spartacus' Lucretia, you'll learn to hate the deliciously conniving character of Attia (of the Julii). You'll also hear a few similar phrases between 'Rome' and 'Spartacus', but don't expect the same epic gladiatorial battles as the latter. All in all, I promise you WILL enjoy the entire 'Rome' series. My only disappointment is that HBO decided to cancel the series after its second season, due to its expense to produce. Well worth every penny I would say!!! So if you'd like a historically accurate, yet dramatic and fun  representation of ancient Rome's political hierarchy I STRONGLY suggest you picking up this entire series. You WOn'T be sorry!! Enjoy!
159240488X|5.0|This is a fun book to read whether you are a proper English language fanatic or someone who abuses the language with everyday errors.  The examples are perfect because we hear and read them all the time. But we may not realize our mistakes.  This book helps us to become aware of our misuse of language.  I love the part that exposes the apostrophe misuse. It's like we are lemmings unknowingly committing the same blunder everytime!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a great app to be able to have the word of God with you at all times. Make sure you download the offline versions so you can read the bible even with no data connection available.
B004KSQN7C|5.0|WOW!! The best Britney album  so far!! amazing every track is unique in it's very own different way!! will play more than once!!
1451627289|5.0|An amazing tale told by a master storyteller.  Our hero Jake with the help of his new friend Al find a pinhole in time, and is convinced that if he goes back in time to '63 and saves Kennedy then all with be right with the world. King weaves a fantastic flashback story of what has been idealized as a more simpler time in American history.  He mixes in a bit of Back to the Future in for good measure which i enjoyed as would anyone with a bit of entrepreneurial spirit about them.  You come to care a great deal for our hero Jake, Sadie, and the whole gang back in '58.  The pages fly as they often do in a good King novel as the suspense grows as Jake gets closer to his and Oswald's date with destiny.  What will happen?  Will Jake stop Oswald on that fateful day in Dallas? Will he stay in past or find his way back to 2011 and his place in history?  Only me, and your Uncle Stevie know.  It's an excellent read.  Enjoy it!!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like it good time waster....I find the game control okay and some r hard but u feel u have to beat them
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This is a great app but it needs some proofreading to get rid of the significant errors. I can't speak for every version but the NKJV needs work.<br /><br />Update - so many errors in the NKJ, I switched to the ESV. This is not the legitimate ESV. It's some kind of paraphrase. I've now switched to the KJV. So far, so good.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I love this app the reading plans are great just wish I could use it on my kindle without. wi fi
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun for all ages. it has no doubt plenty of games and they're all clean. hope you enjoy it
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its free and is good for passing the time, not going to devote a lot of time to playing it to earn tokens and definately wont buy tokens
B001G77O28|5.0|Extremely well written and cogent.  I had high expectations and Dawkins exceeds them!  Of course it will not persuade those who buy into traditional religions, but that is not his audience in any case.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I can finally cut the cord to my PC.  This app works beautifully and is worth the $$.  I wish it had file transfer capabilities but I also wish I was married to Eva Mendes. .k
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Good game. annoying that you have to buy the games. some games are stupid. graphics low quality. only doing this to get points
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This Bible app is a wonderful tool to use anywhere and everywhere.  You can download several versions and use them to help you understand God's word better and as a witnessing tool!  I absolutely love this app.  I would recommend it to everyone! I would like the note feature to be used away from a wi-fi source, though...that is my only complaint.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a good app if you have time to kill. it's fun.  great for the kindle fire. good app
0439023521|4.0|This review is for the Kindle version.  I purchased this title because the book has received so much chatter that as a writer-in-training, I had to know what all the buzz was about.  Was it as good as the zillions of people said?  I'm very persnickety about fiction and it is rare that I come across a book that is difficult to put down.  And frankly, I'd never even heard of \\"dystopian fiction\\" before this book.  There's a bit of a catch-22 in reading much-hyped books.  You go into it expecting to be served pure gold. While I wouldn't say it was pure gold, I will say it is an excellent book.  It was good for a number of reasons:  1.  It was very relevant in a time when our world seems to be careening out of control. Yet even in the aftermath of catastrophic times, these characters take hard times and put them into a sense of order and still live by a code.  2.  I have never been a fan of 1st person POV but found the lead character extremely engaging and barely even noticed that it wasn't my usual POV style.  3.  This book makes you think--the surest sign of a high quality novel, in my opinion.  Books you read and forget about two hours later are published in the thousands.  This book has you pondering and making comparisons throughout.  4.  This book instantly shut off my internal editor.  Unfortunately, with most books I read I can't shut off my internal editor.  In the case of The Hunger Games, my internal editor was never even given a chance to kick in. 8-)  5.  It leaves me with questions.  What will happen to the characters after the story's close?  You can't help but wonder.  Even if you don't read YA, Sci-Fi, or dystopian fiction generally, I can assure you that you will definitely enjoy this read.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its fun and perfect for my fire graphics not to good but fun and its perfect for me and if passes time and you shouldn't be disappointed and some games are easy, medium,and hard
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the games are simple,but fun and can get addictive. Can't beat the price either. The more you play the more games open up.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this app. ages 8-23 this is one addictive app. if ur a first timer like I was then get this app. well I hope this helped.
1594744769|5.0|I bought this book a couple of days ago and figured it would be a good read for a long plane ride I am taking later this month.  I couldn't sleep one night and decided to read a few pages and swore to myself that I would save the rest for later.  Well... that promise didn't last very long.  I couldn't put the book down.  It is such a fun and entertaining read.  I will admit that while reading at one in the morning in the basement of my home, I was a bit spooked at certain points in the book and felt as if the \\"monsters\\" were right there in my house.  Ransom Riggs takes you right into Miss Perigrine's Home for Peculiar Children and does what every writer strives for, to make you feel like you are apart of the story, like you are there in their world.  I can't wait for the sequel and will definitely be recommending this book to many of my fellow book lovers.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is so additive that u could play it all day!!!!! It is so fun if u get u will love it!!!!!!
1583334386|5.0|After spending close to twenty years in the work of psychological stress, it is heartwarming to find a book that not only includes empirical evidence and examples of how we humans get ourselves in trouble ( and stressed-out ), but also includes well thought out & tested approaches to conquering these personal hurdles. Anyone can test and rely on these methods for themselves.  All the research I have done supports her evidence and I am seriously thinking of buying a copy of her book for each client I work with.  To get over mental hurdles * does * take work and awareness, but it also takes patience with oneself and humor! Hooray for the author and all who supported this beautiful book... you 'dun good!!!
B002BWP49M|3.0|Would love this more if it came with a digital copy.  If I could I would like to take this with me everywhere for a while.  Digital would be easier.  Then a copy at home!
B004JN1D2I|5.0|Never have I read a series that was so engrossing and character driven before. George R.R. Martin is a genius and I feel like I have been sucked in a 4 month song of ice and fire coma. This series is amazing, but yes, it is a commitment. The characters are so real and the plots, mystery, treachery and intrigue will keep your head spinning. If I had to wait 6 years for A Dance With Dragons I think that I would go insane...here's hoping that it doesn't take him a decade to write #6.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is fun and easy for any age! I use it waste time or to keep the kids busy!
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|It force closes a lot. I love this game, and think it's wonderful... But what's with the glitches? :( Sigh..
B004132HZS|5.0|I cannot stop watching this show over and over again. The acting is brilliant, the plots are so well translated into modern times, and the action is perfectly timed. It helps that Benedict Cumberbatch is utterly incredible as Sherlock. I would recommend this to anyone, even if they don't know the Sherlock Holmes of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle times.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is a type of app that has no age limit. My grandpa played last week and was the happiest I have seen in a while.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I like the moon and I like this app and I like Amazon and I like the app of the day yayyyyyyyyyy yeeeeeee!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The setup and Quality of the Blu-Ray is incredible !! Great picture ... you see things in the Movie you never saw before !!
B005K17RU0|5.0|excellent weather app for on the go. gives u all the info u need to know on one easy to read page. I enjoy it very much.
B004FOA84A|5.0|short but there is nothing else like it on android right now... please makemore games like this,  love this old style &quot;myst&quot; like games... works well with mobile and the need people have for playing games on their phones!
B0002E5O9G|5.0|This recording is absolutely fabulous!  It has given my family many hours of listening pleasure.  The music is so uplifting we could listen to it all day long.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this so I can have my kindle computer and phone all in sync. I use it to keep track of shopping lists.
B004O3YGMC|1.0|Downloads just  fine,  but it will not install on optimus v.  Please fix it so it will install. I'd  like to try it.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Michael Buble's CD was a delightful surprise!  My daughter got it for me from my Amazon wish list; and I'm enjoying the CD so much.  I love the style and Michael's voice translates so well on disc, warm and gentle then excited and joyful.  \\"Jingle Bells\\" was delightfully reinvented with the Puppini Sisters sounding quite like the Andrews Sisters of yesteryear and the scat bridge being an utter delight.  Michael recorded \\"White Christmas\\" on his 2003 EP \\"Let It Snow.\\"  This version uses the doo wop arrangement of Clyde McPhatter & the Drifters from their 1957 LP \\"Rock & Roll\\" as a starting point and adds some swing.  Buble changes \\"Santa Baby\\" to \\"Santa Buddy\\" on a playful reading of this classic song.  \\"Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas\\" was introduced by Judy Garland in the film \\"Meet Me In St. Louis.\\"  Michael's version is lush and lovely.  \\"Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)\\" written by Ellie Greenwich and Jeff Barry sounds very strong here with the buoyant swing arrangement and Buble's voice urgent and triumphant.  \\"Silent Night\\" with its lovely children's chorus and \\"Ave Maria\\" are the two tracks with a religious tone.  \\"Christmas\\" bubbles and sparkles!  Enjoy!
B0064T6LV8|5.0|love it have no complaints, its one of the best pinball games I have played and its perfect for a device such as the kindle
B004GUSG4M|5.0|This was one of the best books I have read in a long time and I cannot wait to see what this debut writer comes up with next.  This kept me engrossed all day.
0439023513|4.0|This one - that's for sure. The first two books kept me on the edge of my seat. What a gift of tale-spinning Suzanne Collins has! This final book in the trilogy accomplishes the same thrilling tension - but it is a very different piece of work. I think the problem with this volume - if there is a problem - is that the characters are not nearly as fully developed as before, and thus, as they suffer and die horribly, the reader does not feel that emotionally involved. This was a disappointment, and the author should have included more emotional detail. After all the investment readers put into the characters after the first two books, we want to feel more about them. I don't know why Collins squandered this opportunity. The ending, in particular, is far too abrupt.   I hasten to add that I am NOT referring to the lack of a perfect \\"happy ending.\\" On the contrary. War is horrible, yes. Which is exactly why we need to feel for the characters who are subjected to it.  At the same time, I liked this read very much for a couple of reasons. First, by the very fact that is IS completely different - and thus, utterly unpredictable. In this sense, it is realistic - as is the almost incomprehensible human cruelty and suffering as the result of revolt and war. Again, the only obstacle here is that we as readers are not allowed to experience the kind of emotional resolution we crave.  The other reason I like this book is that it is complex in its depiction of the \\"good guys\\" - who, upon closer examination, may not be so good. This is another fine touch of realism. It challenges the conventional literary conflict.  So although I would give the first two books in this trilogy five stars without hesitation, this final volume gets four stars from me - a good read, but in the end, depriving me of the need to come full circle emotionally.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|All of these minigames are awesome. And they're super addicting too! Once I started I didn't want to stop and I'm unlocking more and more games. This app is totally worth it!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The large variety of games make it interesting, but any game that requires dragging reacts slowly and sometimes unpredictably.  overall, though, very addicting.
B006NXIO0Q|2.0|Very predictable which made the movie extremely boring.  With the exception of the opening chase scene and the main fight at the end, its a wooden script with even more dead-eyed acting.
B005IZLPKQ|1.0|Literally the worst movie I've seen in past five years. Maybe a 5-year old kid would like it.  There is no plot. There is no story. This movie is so poorly made its ridiculous. And the bad guy has a red face, so unrealistic. I give this movie zero stars.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fun games and most are easy to play on the kindle fire.  I like that you can easily build up points, even if you don't win.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|This would be perfect if it could rotate. Using an Atrix. o o o o o o o o o
B000O8OTNC|3.0|I really like the sharpener it's very convenient and useful the only downside I found to it was a little rust on the sharpeners
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I was fully entertained with this app for about ten minutes! Not sure when I'll use it again, but I'll keep it for the random moments of moon curiosity :)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is very fun. it keeps my interest. some games are hard but that is what makes it challenging. I love it
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use Evernote everyday. It's the central organization tool in my arsenal.  Kindle fire edition is well designed. It looks good and gets the job done.
B005H0CBZ0|3.0|For most of the book, the first page of each chapter is missing. Not to mention the misspellings running all through it.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Entertaining to play games to buy more games but the games are kinds boring sometimes. Its free so enjoy what ya can!
0062082353|1.0|I do not recommend this ignorance based book to anyone. The author describes Iraqis and Brown people as \\"Savages\\" when the real savages are those blind racist bigots in the US Military murdering innocent people who never once invaded or attacked the United States. Iraq, Libya, nor Iran ever attacked the United States. The attacks of 9/11 was caused mainly by Saudi Arabian nationals yet the United States never invaded Saudi Arabia. Simply because the Bush and Obama Administration are in bed with the Saudi Royal Family. Furthermore, this guy is not even at the level of Carlos Hathcock who actually faced real legit enemy snipers in the battlefield. Chris Kyle is simply a mass murderer who mainly killed innocent Iraqi Woman & Children. This guy is no America Hero but a true American Psychopathic Murderer.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app is realy easy to use. I love all the setting options such as different card back or point settings. I play almost nightly. Traditional game
B0054JZC6E|4.0|simple games but fun.  a lot of ads and hard to understand the coins.  overall good ap will play for a while.  easy to use.
B000006YXV|5.0|Customer service is good, as expected, timely, would do business with them again.  Rock the rafters with this one when I am doing something I don't really want to do, but have to - makes it go better and faster ;)
B005GRTNVE|5.0|After an 18 month absence, Il Divo has returned.  Their new concert is as wonderful as expected.  Their method of filming lets you feel as though you were there, both in the audience and behind the scenes.   Well worth the price, it makes me want to see the concert in person and will suffice if that is not possible.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I love this game! Worth every penny!  Only thing I miss is the zen garden. :( works well and doesn't crash!
B006C1DH92|2.0|I read so many good reviews for this app, and I love fruit ninja, but I found it dull and boring compared to the original one.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|has good games to keep you entertained. nothing spectacular but still worth giving it a shot. you don't get all the games all at once though. you have to earn points by playing the games that are initially available. you can also buy extra points but its not worth paying for. with the points you can work your way through unlocking the rest of the games
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I liked the game but it gets tiresome having to play so much to earn coins to unlock more games. The price keeps going up on each level. Lots of variety. Over all I would reccomend.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Looks great and has every feature you need. Great integration to social networking. Easy to use and works smoothly. Best note-taking app
B0063GORYU|1.0|I've used this on my wife's IPAD2 and loved it. Installed on my Fire and was also happy. Last few days though it started running trailers for movies all by itself, in the middle of a game. Don't like not having control of my Fire. Could be a bug or something else, but I removed it anyway. Don't trust it anymore.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|these games are so so much fun. there is a good choice of games and they are not that hard to play . excellent!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|lots of short little games, great way to kill time. easy to play and something you can pick right back up.
B0055SWM08|5.0|very fun game gets addicting after a while. i like hoe it reakly makes you thinkfor certain levels. worth every penny.
B0064X7FVE|1.0|How can a weather app not have radar? Until they fix this, accuweather is a better weather app for the kindle fire.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good and fun this game is awesome.I love it I never get bored because there is so many games
B004JZBGWI|5.0|this app is great!!! I use it for my shopping lists, my calander and appointments.  It notifies me of daily appointments on the day, I would like it even more if it had a personal phone book and if the reminders were given before the day of appointment.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Didn't expect it to work but absolutely does. Seriously great. Used it to freak out my wife since it actually remotely controls the computer. She didn't know what was happening. Worth it just for that but infinitely more useful as a tool.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Initially, I did not want to read this book. The storyline did not interest me.  Several friends recommended it so I bought the book. Turns out the book is very well written and captivated me. I read it in just a few days. Bottom line: the book is very entertaining.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app, it's easy to use and has several versions making it perfect for study. Well worth your time.
B0052RE4MQ|3.0|I'm not going to blab about what happens- All the need to say was that this is a good book. I'm sure we all have that moment when we look back and realize... Matched wasn't all that good but believe me when I say, the sequel Crossed was much better. The beginning may be confusing for some readers though. The book didn't even get close to Hunger Games or Divergent but it was worth reading. If you want this book, it'd be better to buy a copy from a seller or just wait for the paperback. If you haven't read the Hunger Games or Divergent, they would be a much better use of your money.  ~Juliet Scar
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Now I can plan my nights when to fly and bump stuperboy75 out of the sky.  But until then I am working on a potion to make him poof into flames when he goes into the sun.
B004EPZ03O|5.0|I wasn't sure I wanted to see this movie but I am so glad I did!! It was great, very entertaining! Adults will love it just as much as the kids. Highly recommended!
034552554X|5.0|Amazing!  If I had to use one word to describe this book, that would be it.  I can't remember the last time I loved a book so much that I stayed up late to devour it all in one day.  Told in alternating sequences between the present time and and when Victoria was a foster child/almost adoptee the story unfolds with heartbreaking realness.  You cheer for Victoria as she inches towards the love she deserves but can't allow herself to risk.  I can't wait to read more by Ms. Diffenbaugh in the future.
B005FVFWOI|5.0|Listen to this album and explain to me why Tull is NOT in the Rock Hall of Fame?    This album is a masterpiece and is not even their best work (Thick ).  I guess the sound is better, but really 40 years later how can I tell? I originally wore this album out listening to it on a Radio Shack stereo - it was great then and hasn't lost anything in 40 years.  Go back to 1971 and see how many creative endeavors hold up to this day.  It would be hard to sit through most movies made in 1971 and there are very few albums from that year that you could keep your attention the whole way through.  Yes the sound is better, but really this album is worth a re-listen based on merit.  I love the one minute+ intros and the long and short songs.  Here's hoping they release a 40th anniversary version of Thick as A Brick to go along with the tour.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fun easy games to play. I loved trying to earn enough to unlock the next game.  I also enjoy trying to beat my high score.
B001NPDCFQ|5.0|The strong negative reviews by a number of people made me hesitant to buy the blu-ray edition.  However, my wife and I love this movie, watch it frequently and the blu-ray was not priced too high.  We compared the blu-ray edition to the two disc special edition using the same Sony DVD upscaling blu ray player into a 53 inch Sony SXRB rear projection TV.  We conclude that both DVD's will provide a satisfactory home theater experience.  However, the blu-ray has greater detail and has brighter overall image.  Detail that is blurred on the two disc aniversary edition can be seen more clearly on the blu-ray DVD.  For example, on the blu- ray edition one can see blades of grass on the front lawn and details on a silver colored goblet during the dinner scene.  The color red seems more vibrant.  We also felt that some of the details in the shadows during night scenes or dimly lit scenes were clearer in the blu - ray.  We saw no background \\"grain\\" or other artifact.  The sound seems to have a greater frequency range on the blu-ray disk but does not have much more directionality than the two disc aniversary edition.  It may be that Warner Brothers might have produced a better blu-ray product, but what they did do seems distinctly different than the one standard DVD version that we own, and to my mind it is much better.  If you own a blu ray DVD player and a large enough TV, the blu ray is worth the price.
B00664AM5C|5.0|This movie does a very good job of showing how public health would respond during a real pandemic and does so in an entertaining way.  And most importantly it emphasizes that everyone should WASH THEIR HANDS!!
B0054JZC6E|2.0|this has terrible games the only thing that makes it some what good id that you have so many games on it that suck really bad and are like the same were you just move something over and over so in all this game kid terrible
B005HI4LLY|5.0|I know the cover and title make this look like garbage, but it's actually really good. This is a film of mistaken identity, 2 regular guys are mistaken for killers. It sounds preposterous but this film is believable. The jokes are funny and constant, their is plenty of gore. I definitely rank this with Shaun of The Dead.
6301963717|5.0|Five stars, of course.  For the wonderful, witty, memorable expressions alone.  And John Turturro's superb performance...well, all of the performances really.  As someone who has owned and enjoyed this since seeing it in the theater and buying the VHS tape when it came out, I would recommend watching the short scene that comes before the credits twice before going on to the rest of the film.  I would also recommend playing close attention each time you watch it  -  you'll always find something new to enjoy.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this was a pretty good game wish there wasn't a number you had to beat to unlock the game. it would be better that way.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I think the overall feel and design is much more user friendly and sleek than The Weather Channel version. just personal preference. I am using this on my Droid Incredible and my kindle fire
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I highly recommend this app to everyone. The variety of Bible translations make it easy to read along with any pastor and follow with whichever version they prefer. I also love the ability to switch translations and compare the word use.  My only criticism is that I cant always use it offline even though I have downloaded a version.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|i like the cheese moon mode. m o o n. that spells moon.  there is a lot to this app. i like it.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I like the Bible reading plans. It has been challenging me to read more and I may finish the reading plan early.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|liked the games... gaining points to be able to open other games makes the games addicting. the app overall is very fun.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|pretty fun when you are bored... has lots of cool games.  plus the best part is that its free! yay
B0063IH60K|3.0|this is a good game but the ads are annoying.  movie trailers pop up and start playing right in the middle of the game. also, forcing a minimum of 20 words in the review is ridiculous.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is very fun with various games you unlock as you go on, but to me it got boring.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this App. This is my favorite card game. This app works great on my Kindle Fire. I would definately recommend this app.
B004A8ZWVK|4.0|Very good movie.  I would recommend it.  Glad I just got it on DVD verses BluRay- there were no special effects, etc to justify getting it on BluRay.  And the movie was good enough that it did not need to be enhanced by BluRay.  Shipping was a bit slow on it- ordered 12/31/11, and just received it on 1/7/12.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|gasometer hi. hi hi hi hi hi him hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi Bobby said drawing pad rocks
B006SV2LWA|1.0|what a terrible movie. slow and zero plot. don't wait for an ending. there is none. did i say it was a disappointment!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it was fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun with all the diferamt types of games I played this is the app for you
B0063GORYU|5.0|MobilityWare has a good product.  It's easy to use but still manages to provide a challenge.  The ads appear at the very beginning and are easily skipped, so they really aren't a problem.  I don't worry about clicking on something I don't want during a game.  It was the perfect game to add to my new Kindle Fire - which I love by the way.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Some of the games are very fun some are mentally challenging and some are just weird but if you have time to waste this very entertaining.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|Gave this as a gift this past Christmas and it was a BIG hit, one of the greatest movie classics ever!!
B004MC8CA2|1.0|wont let me log into the account :))) I am done diny buy it and it is oust.all out of wack
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome fun and time consuming. I'm doing this to get extra points so I can get more games. I'm over thirteen.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Very challenging. Makes me use my brain which is more then I can say for most games on my tablet.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|very nice!!!!! You can download for not wifi use. tons of diff Bible translations available to use. and they have tons of reading plans as well. it is the best Bible app o have seen by far! I use it on the kindle fire. no problems.
B005URRCUY|5.0|I bought this as a Christmas present for my boyfriend and we both love it.We listen to it all the time.
B0055Q5F36|5.0|This item performs as I expected. My samsung galaxy sII doesn't have its luge threatened anymore. Highly recommended.  The case is very solid.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|i believe they really got this sequel right it has all the old elements plus some great new ones and a great soundtrack. definitely recommended this game.
B004LOMB2Q|1.0|I just bought Kindle Fire a couple of weeks ago, and for business purposes I had to travel to Europe, specifically Spain. Now Here I am trying to download Evernote and other apps and I CANNOT DO IT due to geographical restrictions? I bought it in USA I have my USA billing address registered as well! It would be useful if the apps can be downloaded in any country!!! Now I just have a nice ebook reader paying the price of a tablet.
B004ECDNJU|5.0|This game is both fun and challenging! It requires both skill and some strategy as well as a little luck in some cases!
B004W2UBYW|5.0|Many people might mistake this book for a mere biography of the man that made Apple a household name and its products coveted by millions around the world. It's not.<br /><br />This book is actually three books in one. It's a business book on how to (and not to) run a company using Apple, NeXT and Pixar as case studies. It's also a history book on the ascent and the drama behind the consumer electronics evolution. And as its title suggests, it's the fascinating story of one of the most gifted people of our time.<br /><br />As a business book, Isaacson writes about three distinct business practices. The first is how to really create a company from scratch. The passion exuded by Jobs and Wozniak is detailed with infectious enthusiasm in the first half of the book.<br /><br />The second practice (and one often not talked about in business books) is how to drive a company to the ground. The book is rife with examples of internal politics, lack of leadership and the absence of focus that truly illustrate how companies fail.<br /><br />The last practice is how to build and operate a creative company that endures. For me, this is the most fascinating narrative of all. But to fully appreciate it, one must truly understand the first two, which almost always precede this one.<br /><br />The book offers a great case study of three companies: Apple, NeXT and Pixar. One fascinating vignette in the book draws a contrast between Apple and Sony and why Apple was successful in conquering the consumer-end of the music business while Sony, who was in a favorable position to do exactly that, failed to do so. This story draws attention to the importance of inter-departmental cohesion that Apple possessed and Sony didn't, to the success of innovation in a company.<br /><br />Business leaders reading this book will learn a lot about the power of \\"focus\\" in business. Steve Jobs's most doled out advice was \\"focus.\\" Throughout the book, we learn how Jobs followed his own advice to a deadly fault.<br /><br />As a business book, it is amongst the best.<br /><br />It's also an even better history book. It details the ascent of personal computing from the perspective of the very people that were (and still are) at its helm. The book doesn't only cover Apple's evolution, but that of the entire industry. Naturally, that involves drama, which Isaacson does a great job of covering. The philosophical divide between open and closed systems that dominated the personal computing evolution is discussed thoroughly in the book via anecdotal accounts on what really happened behind the scenes. It explains what it really took to bring us the products on which I read this book and now writing its review.<br /><br />Most importantly, this is a very personal book. It is the story of man adored by millions of geeks, and when departed, mourned by hundreds of millions of Apple consumers around the world. Unfortunately, a devastating portrait that is guaranteed to put out any respect or admiration you've ever had for the man emerges early on in the book. If you have spent the last fifteen years romanticizing about Steve Jobs and his products, this book will leave you punch-drunk. You will learn through stomach-churning details how Steve Jobs was a disloyal, lying, backstabbing, vindictive, manipulative, vengeful, and all-around vile and damaged human being. He was, and surprisingly so, a coward, as clearly illustrated by how he treated people in his twenties and thirties.<br /><br />And oh, he cried a lot. I mean, A LOT.<br /><br />The book is rife with examples of his cruelty towards those who he seemed to have loved the most. His treatment of Steve Wozniak was unconscionable and disgusting. But the most disturbing example and the one that really shows his character was how he treated his \\"soul mate\\" from Reed College, Daniel Kottke. I could sum it up by quoting John Scully's wife when she told Jobs:<br /><br />When I look into most people's eyes, I see a soul. When I look into your eye, I see a bottomless pit, an empty hole, a dead zone.<br /><br />Even the amiable, most trusting co-founder of Apple, Steve Wozniak, who's been backstabbed by Jobs several times, have said about Jobs, \\"I look forward to a great product and I wish him success, but his integrity I cannot trust.\\"<br /><br />The irony in Steve Jobs story was that he loathed people that treated him the way he treated others. He had to deal with a few people that gave him a run for his money like Eisner of Disney and Katzenburg of DreamWorks. He claims throughout the book that he's \\"honest\\" and a \\"straightshooter\\" yet all the stories relayed by people that had to deal with him tell a completely different story.<br /><br />For a control freak, it boggles me how he allowed such a book to be written about him. Now we all know that he might have been a visionary, but he was also a very disturbed man void of compassion, empathy and integrity.<br /><br />As I got deeper into the book I started to wonder, \\"did Apple offer on-campus Al-Anon meetings to its employees?\\" Evidently, working for or with Steve Jobs was like being in a relationship with a recovering Cocaine addict who sees the world in black and white and throws frequent tantrums that are aimed at destroying those around them. It's what Mike Murray, Apple's Marketing Chief, called, \\"management by character assassination.\\"<br /><br />Jobs quotes Bob Dylan, whom we learn early in the book was one of his heroes, \\"if you're not busy being born, you're busy dying.\\" It's ironic to quote those powerful words and not heed them. The book clearly shows that Steve Jobs was never really reborn or reinvented as a person. He never evolved and his base qualities were never tamed. Naturally, he spent his entire life dying from the inside out.<br /><br />The book left me enriched, provoked and sad in equal measure. It is long but flows well and is a fast read. All business executives should read it for the insight it offers on what real successful companies are made of and what pitfalls to avoid along the way. Also, everyone in technology should read it to get a perspective on the evolution in the space of personal and consumer computing and to understand where we're headed and how to get there. Even if you're not an executive or a geek, you should read this book for its fascinating (and well told) story of a man from Northern California who dramatically changed how we live. A man as rich with creativity and intuition for what consumers want as he was bankrupt of decency and compassion for most of those he touched.<br /><br />It's a story worth reading. If for nothing else, read it to understand what it took to create the device on which you're reading this very review.teve Wozniak, who's been backstabbed by Jobs several times, have said about Jobs, \\"I look forward to a great product and I wish him success, but his integrity I cannot trust.\\"  The irony in Steve Jobs story was that he loathed people that treated him the way he treated others. He had to deal with a few people that gave him a run for his money like Eisner of Disney and Katzenburg of DreamWorks. He claims throughout the book that he's \\"honest\\" and a \\"straightshooter\\" yet all the stories relayed by people that had to deal with him tell a completely different story.  For a control freak, it boggles me how he allowed such a book to be written about him. Now we all know that he might have been a visionary, but he was also a very disturbed man void of compassion, empathy and integrity.  As I got deeper into the book I started to wonder, \\"did Apple offer on-campus Al-Anon meetings to its employees?\\" Evidently, working for or with Steve Jobs was like being in a relationship with a recovering Cocaine addict who sees the world in black and white and throws frequent tantrums that are aimed at destroying those around them. It's what Mike Murray, Apple's Marketing Chief, called, \\"management by character assassination.\\"  Jobs quotes Bob Dylan, whom we learn early in the book was one of his heroes, \\"if you're not busy being born, you're busy dying.\\" It's ironic to quote those powerful words and not heed them. The book clearly shows that Steve Jobs was never really reborn or reinvented as a person. He never evolved and his base qualities were never tamed. Naturally, he spent his entire life dying from the inside out.  The book left me enriched, provoked and sad in equal measure. It is long but flows well and is a fast read. All business executives should read it for the insight it offers on what real successful companies are made of and what pitfalls to avoid along the way. Also, everyone in technology should read it to get a perspective on the evolution in the space of personal andconsumer computing and to understand where we're headed and how to get there. Even if you're not an executive or a geek, you should read this book for its fascinating (and well told) story of a man from Northern California who dramatically changed how we live. A man as rich with creativity and intuition for what consumers want as he was bankrupt of decency and compassion for most of those he touched.  It's a story worth reading. If for nothing else, read it to understand what it took to create the device on which you're reading this very review.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love it.... its great to highlight a portion on my kindle and it comes up highlighted on my phone:)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is pretty fun, but some of the games and controls are really annoying. overall though, it is a pretty good app.
B0063IH60K|5.0|good time for all had lots of fun for all get to play on kindle fire loads quick and never faults
1904994679|2.0|I got this as a gift for my nephew; it came crinkled in the one corner.  Rather than return it and have to wait for the replacement as it was a Christmas gift, I gave it to him, but I was very disappointed that it came damaged.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this game is fun and will keep you ocupied for hours. and plus its a free game so you don't have to pay for it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is awesome.  there is 101 games. +16   games in it. but you have to get points. how well you have to play the games
B0063GORYU|5.0|I&quot;he always loved playing spider solitaire. Now I can play it anytime on my Kindle and I'm totally digging it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|has a lot of fun games and an easy way to waste time.this is also very addictive to play with.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|Very neat app. Looks great on the Kindle Fire. But it says tomorrow is a Full Moon yet lists today as Waning Gibbous. Today is actually a Waxing Gibbous. It also rotates the moon in odd ways at New, Full, First, and Third quarters.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This makes it so easy to read and study daily. I love having a couple versions downloaded so I can more easily follow along with the sermon.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|the waning and waxing descriptors are accurate, even if they are opposite, you can still use your brains cant you? cant you?
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I lovethis game so so so.so much I could marry it right thus second how about you guys in theworld I amfrombrazil
B0063IH60K|5.0|Does everything you expect a solitaire game to do. I play on my Kindle Fire and it looks great. Works good. Can't beat free! If you're a Solitaire fan, its a must download.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|cool app I like the air hockey game the best but the other games are cool too. and for reviewing you get free points!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I'm addicted to it. this is mainly all I play. the only main problems are the games are a little confusing but once you get the hang of it you will defiantly get the hang of it.
B004RJMUJO|2.0|The $0.99 Fruit Ninja app has 8 swords and 5 backgrounds whereas the FREE Fruit Ninja app has 5 backgrounds and 13 swords to unlock (well both come with 1 background and 2 swords.)So go spend your money on a better app such as [[ASIN:B006CZ4238 MADDEN NFL 12 by EA SPORTS (Kindle Fire Edition)]]. So basically don't waste money on this get the free.
B0042MDAL8|5.0|Eclipse is my favorite of the first three.  The actors did a great job.  This blu ray has the extended and deleted scenes and several other extras.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Ridiculously addicting, fun challenge, stress reliever, potential hazard to my health since I sit and play so much, cheap and a good way to stay out of trouble!!  Enjoy!
B0054JZC6E|1.0|though the ads do get annoying after awhile, it has some fun mini games in it and a little challenge to try to get all the games.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This is one of those apps you either love it or hate it.  The games are kind of childish, although I did find a few of them to be entertaining.  I'll put it this way.  If this app cost money I would not buy it.
B005JLN9Z8|4.0|this band is a good 80's hair metal band with alot of funny and satiry with strong guitar leads. i'am a 80's bar band guitares and it reminds me of those days
B0063IH60K|5.0|works great, perfect for killing time or just having fun. also works great when trying to ignore your wife or mother in law!
B004WPYNY8|4.0|this is the first c/d i've got from these guy's and i'am a fan of RUSH (older stuff) Queensryche Driam Theater Dio and so on and these guys are right in there nice to see there are still musician's. i will get more from then too
B004EBUXSA|4.0|It is very fast CPU as expected.  And, it is first time to buy CPU more than $300.......  Built in Graphic : bad performance.  Recommendation : Wait 4 months until Ivy is launched.
B000FBFN1U|4.0|A Storm of Swords is my favorite book out of the Game of Thrones series, followed by the first. The second frustrated me for various reasons, but primarily because George RR Martin (GRRM) is not writing the typical fantasy that we have come to expect, which is equally a good and bad thing for me.  Other reviewers have detailed the prominent features of GRRM's style--killing off heroes, extreme tragedy with little justice/resolution, mixed senses good and bad, differing and even opposing views on the state of the world (this flows in to plot, for example Tolkien's LOTR had a single motivation driving the plot, stop the Dark Lord, but in the Game of Thrones books, there is never a single threat or solitary evil force that masses and threatens all, each character sees the world and the world's threats and needs differently,) etc. In many ways, GRRM strikes a compelling blend of tragedy that keeps readers on their toes and mimicks reality.  He is excellent at providing characterization, plot intricasy, politics and politcal manuevering, believable motives and twists. He can make you love people who you previously thought were scum (e.g. Jaime Lannister). He has a way of undermining what you thought was true about the GoT world. And he certainly is not shying from breaking with conventions of any sort, even to the point of building certain plot-lines and movements within the story only to shrug them off until they are seemily insignificant. He creates plot-lines and characters only to do very little with them (the Starks), he builds up certain elements only to do little with them, allow them to fade in to the background, like the Others, with who he provides almost no development in the first two books and then (from what I've read) *spoiler* essentially does nothing significant with them in the following two (books 4 and 5) save allow their shadow to cast fear on a small group of characters (Jon, Stannis, Sam, etc).  Annoying though it may be, there is some amount of genius and attraction in GRRM's constant bucking of conventions such as these--creating ominous signs and warnings only to let them fizzle, realistically mimicks life where doom and gloom and fearmongering is common on a colloquial, conversational, level, but rarely pans out (think back to May 21, 2011 and the end of the world warnings). If he is indeed using this strategy of sorts to build up expectation and then mimick the real world letdown when the hero or the magic, miracle, doom, etc, doesn't manifest, then he is being quite clever. He does seem to integrating the real world into his story arch, where life is underwhemlimg, complex, tragic, unfair, where some things hoped for never materialize and are forgotten.  Still, for all we know, he could be buy drawing out the various threads that will all bunch spectacularly up as the series closes.  It does seem that GRRM is obsessed with moving his characters around in a politically charged chess match, at the expense of some of the other plot-lines he introduces and more traditional Fantasy genre elements. And he does this sort of intrigue quiet well.  To summarize, GRRM almost lost me with book 2, reacquired me with this book, but then lost me with books 4 and 5. I am as frustrated with the lackluster, disappointing direction GRRM has taken the series AFTER this book. Up to the third book, the story is magnificent, if not begrudgingly so, and it is well worth the read.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|cool app ive always been a chess player. if u like chess i would get this app. ten stars for this app
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I love the app and have been working on one of the Bible reading plans.  it would be great if they could let you download one translation of the Bible that you could obtain without wick.
B006FYHTFO|5.0|if you liked the ost to the first sherlock holmes movie, you're in for a treat. the ost to game of shadows is even better. i don't even have to words to tell you how much better. if you took conan doyle's original stories and magically converted the words into musical notes, you would end up with track 3, tick tock.<br /><br />every song on this album is good, most are great. i've had tick tock, chess, to the opera, die forelle, the red book, moral insanity and memories of sherlock on constant rotation in my playlist. it's an amazing score with a truly victorian feel. this is the best ost i've heard in years. highly recommended.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun. can be slow at times and that can become annoying. overall a good app for passing the time. just don't update it will make you start from the beginning.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This app is very simple to use and very useful. Instead of entering your absolute location, all you do is enter your state and it does it for you. All in all, it's great for what it is.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is very fun and I would highly recommend it. I hate the w o r d limit.! !  there
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app it the best app I ever got. it roxs!!! I got this app yesterday and 1000 somethin people downloaded this app but today its like 2000 somethin ppl. BEST APP EVER!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty decent game for free. Most of the reviews are correct it's a lot of simple games and you have to get a specific high score to &quot;pass&quot; the level and get points to by the game.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Nice game flow and very nice option to import your own photos for background and card backs. This has been one of the better Solitaires I have used.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|This is my third iPhone case. I'm so tired of spending $20 - $40 for a case and having them crack after a few months with regular use - not even being dropped but just in my purse or pocket.  Upon first unboxing the case it felt like a silicone case but a bit more rigid. I decided to give the screen protector a shot - I've never used them before because I generally don't like the feel of them. I always feel like it makes the iPhone look and feel cheap. It took me about 15 minutes but I was able to get the screen protector on to satisfaction, not covering the camera at all, not covering the speaker at all, and not covering the home button. I do have a couple of small air bubbles but nothing too dreadful.  Then I wiggled the iPhone in the case, I was sure I was going to drop my phone in the process and crack it while trying to get it into its new outfit, that would be my luck, but I was able to squeeze it in without causing any damage.  To my surprise I couldn't even feel the screen protector and the TPU case felt pretty sturdy in my hand. It feels like more protection than a silicone case and hopefully it will have more give won't crack like my hard plastic cases have. Even if it does though I'd rather be out $9 after a few months than $40.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I have enjoyed this read - it is easy and entertaining. It is certainly no great literary work, but who cares. The characters are very real and although the plot is kind of predictable and the handholding and kissing a bit tacky, this does not detract from the adventure. It reminds a lot about the reality TV series Survivor (and others with a survival theme) and if you have enjoyed this, you'll enjoy this book. I have seen The Hunger Games classified as 'Young Adult' (YA) reading, but let me assure you that I, as a more mature reader, have enjoyed it just as much. I'm looking forward to read the next book and to see the movie to be released soon.
B000066HI4|4.0|I just picked this up on vinyl and I have to say its one of those albums that you listen to once and think \\"huh?\\".  Then you listen again and think \\"yeah ok, I see where this is going\\" and then on the third listen it's \\"hey this is pretty darn good!\\" and on the fourth you think \\"man, this is awesome!\\".
B0054JZC6E|5.0|g g g g g g g g g g h gbvvh. jbbvjv. iuvfvb infuse hy iug jvhghhv.  uvb iivij j uu hfhm.ghvcb.  v g
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Lots of translations, can download most for offline use, lots of Bible-reading pond. Its great. I have made significant progress in reading the whole Bible thanks to this app.
B005OOL1IC|5.0|This was such a funny movie. I bought it as a gift for my husband because we loved the first Hangover movie. I was not disappointed at all..if anything I liked this movie more then the first one. Although if you haven't seen the first movie not everything makes sense.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like the various games. gives a break when angry birds gets me angry.  cool.free. what more can one ask for???  graphics are what they are but so far I have no major complaints. you should get it!
B0055SWM08|4.0|A very well-constructed puzzle game, with good ambient music and simple &quot;rules&quot; that don't descend into the simplistic.  The puzzles are challenging without being ridiculously hard, nor too easy. My only real issues are a small ones: the interface for navigating back and forth between levels is a bit clunky, and it's not terribly clear what the gold/silver discs by completed levels mean.  Overall: very worth picking up if you like puzzle games.
B005C9YZIW|5.0|Being able to see the planet in blu-ray quality is phenomenal.  There were points in time where I got so lost I felt like I was with the creatures.  This was the first blu-ray I got, and it was completely worth it.
B0032JTV6U|4.0|I had never seen the first season of Glee. I enjoyed it for the most part...remembering not to take it too seriously. My disappointment is in the fact that one disk did not play correctly. Seems to be a chronic problem reading the reviews posted by others.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|An unbelievably fantastic app, which combined with the Fire makes it the best and most versatile tablet anywhere.  Amazon, the scholar's friend, has taken user-friendly to a whole new level!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Its fun to play with a variety of games and types to play. easy to understand direction. win games to unlock new ones.
B004K4AVAG|5.0|To all the haters: Whether or not you like it. You taking the time to write something negative that you didn't have to buy NOR listen too. Is very sad get a life. Also this album is going Diamond so I'm not worried.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Cool app...works fast..allows me to get into work related programs.  Easy to get working and find your computer. Just need to download to home Pc, then link to a email both and done. (Not sure why it had to be a Gmail address)  Thx great program
B005K17RU0|5.0|works fine on my fire. I get my local conditions before I get out of bed. Easy to use, I like the current weather page for my exact location.
B004J4WKDI|2.0|I had heard a lot of hype about this book, and the description of the story caught my attention, so I bought it.  I was quite excited to read the Night Circus, andI read the entire book waiting for something to happen, for the book to live up to its promise.  However, it simply never did.  It is a very forgettable read, and I would suggest that you don't waste your time or your money.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I just started playing but so far it seems to be a lot of fun. I would reccommend this game to others.
B003EY7IRC|3.0|This is book five of Karen Marie Moning's Fever series.  This is not a standalone book.  This book continues right where book four left off...with its brutal cliffhanger of an ending,  in order to understand this book, you must read the previous four books in the series.  The first book is Darkfever , the second is Blood, the third is Faefever , and the fourth is Dreamfever.  Each of the previous books in the series ends with a cliffhanger ending, each ending more intense than the last.    Now I LOVED the first four books in this series, and I literally had to wait for a year and a half between the fourth and fifth books.  It was an agonizingly long wait.  I had become invested in the characters and I wanted to see how it all ended, as the author promised that Mac would get her happy ending.    I didn't  LOVE Shadowfever...I actually was very disappointed in the book.  I have reread each of the previous books in the series numerous times, but this book I have only read the once.  It just didn't live up to my expectations.  I hate writing that down because I loved the rest of the series so much.  But that's what I felt.    I have been a fan of Karen Marie Moning since she was writing her Highlander series and I own all of her books, and find her writing style to be completely captivating, so believe me when I say that that I wanted to LOVE Shadowfever as much as I did the rest of the series , but I don't , unfortunately.  I still will be waiting for Karen Marie Moning's next book to come out, as it is a spinoff of the Fever world.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|One of the best Bible apps I have see so far.  I don't carry my Bible to church anymore, definitely a 5star.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I'm having a great time trying to figure out how to get large amounts of points. Great quick time waster.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|this is just a great app. well done dev! love the cheese option... very funny. live wallpaper works great on the gnex.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love it. it works great! I h a v e. t o. u s e. u p. s p a c e.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fairly fun mini games. Game inside of a game to unlock things...Fairly nice. sucks to lose progress after updates. a
B0054JZC6E|3.0|really super fun and you get all of there points for fun that are extramly fun and exsiting. really not kissing.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I love this app. its great and the veiw is awesome. what a great way to look at the moon so close! I love it!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game was very fin and challenging to the mind at the same time I think some of the graphics could be better and need a little more action games buy other than that it is an awesome game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great game it sooooooo sooooooo fun I think everyone should get it . it is a Good game because it has so much other. games to play.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|seems like a kool game haven't play much.. kids will love this never get bored... haven't had an update yet
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app was really good. I really liked it. But it did get annoying whenever your done With a game a stupid thing pops talking about dumb ways to get free points. other than that I like this app.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|THESE ARE QUITE FUN AND ADDICTING!!!  I REALLY LIKE THE GLOW HOCKEY AND THE DART GAME!  IT'S PRETTY EASY TO RACK UP POINTS TO DOWNLOAD MORE GAMES!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|the app is very clear on the fire kindle.  I would love to see a little background info.  I added this to my son's fire kindle and know he will enjoy it as well :))
B004XNGKBS|4.0|This app is super easy to use. I especially like the options of writing or using the keyboard.  I would love this app if it gave an auto completion option. But in any case, it's a really good app. I'm happy with it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is so much fun and has so many fun and challenging games. I suggest this to anyone who loves minurature arcade games.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy app to install....enjoy playing,  Hints feature is very handy. If you enjoy playing solataire...you will enjoy  playing this game.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|One of best Bible apps I've used...and it's free!  Very easy to use interface.  I love that the features are so simple to use and so well intergrated.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I downloaded this on a whim with my 30 day trial of Prime, and it hooked me from the first page. As other reviewers have said, this book has some pretty brutal parts, but I don't think it's excessive. Even though this is aimed at a younger crowd, I thoroughly enjoyed the book. It hits you with fear, compassion, anger, and excitement.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This app is quite beautiful and interesting for the person that finds the night sky intriquing.  It's a can't miss for free app of the day.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|The game locks up and force closes about every other level and level has to be restarted samsung galaxy s2. Game itself is fun when working.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Great app for predicting best parameters using the moon to  bounce radio signal for Ham Radio operators. (And for  werewolves)
0441013597|4.0|I was hesitant to read this book because I had seen the disastrous movie several years earlier.  However, I can testify that David Lynch made absolutely no effort whatsoever to turn the book into a script.  He just filmed portions of the book being \\"acted out\\", almost at random.  The result: surprise...the movie made no sense.  The book is quite a masterful piece of writing, describing an outer space society that has a fully explained economy and political structure, all while maintaining a good pace given the inherent dryness of many of the topics involved.  Subsequent attempts to make a decent movie from the material also failed...but it remains a very good book.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is pretty awesome. if you're bored, it will definitely pass the time!! cute graphics also. and its free!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is the coolest app yet. worth the downloada a a a a a a a Aa a a a a Aa a Aa
0545265355|2.0|I was fairly unimpressed by the story development throughout the trilogy. The language was barely descriptive enough to evoke any real feeling from me. This seems like it should be aimed at the teen reader who is still developing their skills as an active reader. I'll note that I read this only after receiving it as a gift.  Pros:  Buttercup  Doesn't shy away from eliminating key characters to properly advance the plot  Certain sections are actually quite evocative (See below)  Cons:  Simple language - Some people call this accessible I call it quite boring.  Blunt and easy-to-predict betrayals - One after another  Tangents that seem to originate from nowhere and end just as quickly.  I called certain sections evocative but they were the sections that seemed tangential and unrelated to the main plot.  The pacing seemed a bit off but that's more of a personal taste.   Final notes: It seems this writer needs to reassess their approach to literary tools. Stop using them like a club and let the reader actual do a little work.  2/5 Stars
0061438294|2.0|This book was a huge waste of time. The author writes about the most basic body postures and movements that are used in everyday situations. I was expecting more from an FBI agent. This book may be useful to the socially awkward, but I did not learn anything from it.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|tried a few apps like this, this one is by far the easiest to setup and use. Love it alot!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|looks and plays great on the kindle fire. it really isn't as difficult ss some people here make it seem to open new games but it would be nice if they errs s bit cheaper.
0439023513|3.0|The book was good. It just wasn't as good as the first two. I found myself bored through some parts of it. I just wanted to get to the ending at some points. The ending is weird and happens too quickly. Kind of a let down. Still a good book, though.
B0063IH60K|5.0|always enjoyed playing solitaire and this app is great to have available! I really like the sound when I play
0439023521|5.0|I first saw the preview for the movie and immediately wanted to see it. I didn't even realize it was a book. As soon as I found out it was, I purchased the book knowing I would want to read it before I saw the movie. The book had me hooked within the first few pages. I absolutely could not put it down, and I finished it within a day. I have now read the complete trilogy, and the first book is by far the best. The characters, the setting, the story, everything draws you in. As soon as I finished the first book, I wanted more of the story. I wish there were more books in the series.
B0063IH60K|4.0|It's great fun to pass the time. I like a good game of strategy. The graphics are really good and clear.
B005ILYW1E|3.0|A typical jason statham movie, strong silent type explodes when provoked. All in all not a bad show, just couldn't hold a candle to the Broncos- Steelers game.
B005RYF5JA|2.0|I've watched all the previous Celtic Woman concerts on PBS (some several times) and have enjoyed them a lot. This one was disappointing enough that I stopped watching before the end. To me the musical numbers sounded practically indistinguishable from one another, and were musically boring. The performances also seemed more theatrical and less genuine than in other concerts, as if the singers were overly choreographed and weren't really engaging with what they were singing. (I do partly blame that on the boring stuff they were having to sing.)  This is just one person's opinion, of course. But don't automatically assume that you'll love this if you've loved Celtic Woman's previous shows.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Simply a great game of solitare to pass the time! Always have to win? Choose a winning deal. Or take hour chances with a random deal. Easy to navigate and graphics are really good. Works well on Kindle Fire.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think this game is great you can do so many games for free!!! It's a great app for any device.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|I used to play other computer based chess games and they all have been too easy for me but this one got me. Graphics are superior too.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|I have always loved fruit ninjas and I always will. My favorote background is Yin Yang and my favorite blade is Disco Blade.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a first glance I thought it was cheesy, but then the more I play the more addicting it gets!! I think others should download and play
B004SBQGHS|5.0|You have got to buy this app. It is the ad free version. The 99 cents is totally worth it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|simple and fun games, each has it's own little twist...a child could kill the battery playing all these games and it's free!
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is a great app, especially for logic lovers. I just upgraded it, and I loved it even more! You've got to buy this app. If you don't want to pay the money then just get the free version.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game is so much fun. I thought it would be a good game for the kids but it is challenging and fun for any age. great app!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is a super fun app! I played it for a long time on my Kindle Fire. The reason I am rating this four stars is because the ads are crazy! I know in the information it says this game is ad supported but they keep popping up every single time I exit a game! It's driving me nuts!
B0058VW36U|5.0|love this game. I wish I was better at it but my kids play for hours, best.  .99 cents spent. you wont be sorry.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app really helps me connect with God's Holy Word. This is a really good app, especially for people who have trouble reading the small words of the book Bibles. Although I do warn you, this app only works with Wi-Fi. If you are just using a public Wi-Fi you might not want to get this app. But I am still rating this app four stars!!!
B00631VJIC|5.0|Surprised my hubby with this CD at Christmas.  We are big fans and absolutely love listening to SOA soundtrack!  Thanks so much - shipped fast, too!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love this game cause it has a ton of games. wat I don't like is that they don't tell u how to play the games.
B0024FA9IM|4.0|The movie is actually quite good and filled with some good amount of action.  This coupled with decent character development and interaction makes for a good ride.
B0014VQGX4|5.0|My son's are totally into machinery & this one ranks right up there with everyother one they own.  Both of the buckets move easily which is a plus for children who love to pretend dig & load dumptrucks!
0553805371|5.0|This is a rare book that every person should read - even if only to admire the originality of the ideas.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Good games. Great way to kill time. Would be better if controls were more fluid in the game. Makes playing very annoying.
B005K0HDGE|4.0|My review's title (A Day Off) may seem a bit more negative than I intended it to be. And it may seem an odd headline for a four-star review. But having waited a few weeks after reading the book, honestly, this is where I'm at:<br /><br />It could have been better. There are wonderful, literate, descriptive passages here that rank among some of the finest that King has written. But the \\"punchline\\" to this time travel joke -What If The Fatal Head Shot Missed JFK?- ultimately seems rushed, obvious, and frankly not quite as thorough as I had expected. There are a few bizarre cul-de-sacs into vulgar recollections involving bodily functions. There is foul language that feels truly out of place. There are some severe acts of violence (but that's to be expected of Stephen King, and his use of violence in this instance wasn't a problem for me, not in context).<br /><br />You will find yourself truly wanting to meet Sadie, the love-interest (and while inserting a love-interest into this time-travel concept could have been distracting and contrived, here it actually works quite beautifully). You might find yourself annoyed at King for making it clear from the beginning that in HIS version of the JFK assassination story, Lee Harvey Oswald is a lone-nut creep solely responsible for changing history. It's a version that I personally don't subscribe to, but that's a side-issue that I do not want to get bogged down in here. In short I couldn't help myself from wondering of all the dramatic possibilities that could have been investigated if a time-traveler had not only the opportunity to stop the assassination, but also evidence that Oswald wasn't alone or maybe not even involved at all.<br /><br />There is enough intrigue and suspense that I do look forward to a possible big-screen version of the story. At least one rumor states Jonathan Demme is expected to helm. At the risk of incurring the wrath of Amazon users, I'd like to put forth my own suggestions for the lead roles: Matt Damon as Matt? Charlize Theron as Sadie?as Sadie?
B0063IH60K|2.0|fair game play. the ads are very annoying though. seen better solitaire offerings. good thing this is free. only one form of solitaire.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy to play but still challenging. Love to play this all the time!!  Perfect free app- have been playing it for years.
B006A819AG|5.0|One of the best albums that I've ever heard.  I love this, it has so many dimensions and depth.  The Roots are my favorite band and I think that this is my favorite album that they've made (and with the amazing quality of cd's that they produce, that's saying a lot).  A great album and an easy pick
B006IGZWB2|5.0|You need to read this book and then go see the movie. It is a fabulous read and will have you laughing and crying.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|If you are looking to be disappointed, Please read the last book in the series.  When I finished reading it (the last book, I won't dignify it by using the title), after the long wait for to be written, I wanted to destroy the book.    I had enjoyed the first two books and was so looking forward to something along the same lines as the first two in the last one.  It completely destroyed the concept that the author had built up in my mind.  The turn was totally depressing, I actually stormed around the house cussing for the better part of a few hours.    No one, absolutely no one will be able to talk me into reading another one of her novels unless it is a replacement for the Last book with a vastly different ending, and it doesn't need to be nice, just a different tack.  Bill B  I am not your occasional reader, I have over 525 books in my Sci Fi/fantasy/Horror collection (I just created a Computer library of them)  I am also a writer, not a very good one, not as good as this author,  with over 3 million words, closing in on 4 million, typed in the last 2 years and 3 months, I am no stranger to the written word.  GAG
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the ads may be intrusive and some of the games fairly weak and/or broken, but for the price of free, the content you get is well worth it.
030726999X|5.0|This Trilogy was so well done I found it only fitting the last installment be the best of the three.<br /><br />If you're the type of reader who skims to the important parts, you may want to read the details in this book. Mr. Larsson wrote with a great deal of detail; most all tie in at some point or another. There are other authors who try to emulate, but just don't come up to his style. As well as detail, there are quite a number of characters included.<br /><br />Once more, Lisabeth Salander is center stage supported by her usual cast, including a few new ones. She is her atypical self in society. She is the Lisabeth we've come to know. In this installment the reader finds, in detail, why she is the way she is. She also shows a soft side to the reader toward & at then end. I'll not say much since I don't wish to be a spoiler. Will she conform to society or stay an outsider? Will she find a middle ground in society? What of her relationship with Blomqvist or Zalachenko, and others? It pulls together well. The book is good cover to cover. I found it the most riveting from the time she goes to court until the final sentence is read.<br /><br />Sadly, Mr. Larsson as you know, never saw the books published. He left us shortly after turning the manuscripts in to the publisher. That is one fact which is sadder than his protagonist's life. He left us with a beautiful work in this set. Enjoy the book, it's so well written
B004MC8CA2|4.0|great app would have been better with the version I read, NIV downloadable but I have to wait for it that's unfair to me
B0063GORYU|3.0|this version of spider solitaire is good in all ways... EXCEPT for the irritating video ads the interrupt the game every 45 seconds!  uninstalled
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great...for free.I guess its a good game...nah its awesome for free if you know what I mean.I don't wana be hating
B0066W1AZK|4.0|it's easy to navigate and use, well enough.  It's also very fast. The frustration is I haven't won a game yet.  Perhaps I am rusty, or  perhaps the ads at the bottom of the screen are distracting me, but I may be forced to lower the difficulty level.  I haven't moved it off the default middle setting.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|really really fun so so so so so so so so fun its just like the best game ever.  its just so fun
B004MC8CA2|5.0|a seriously great Bible app that keeps getting better!  :)  thank you version for getting back into reading the Bible daily  :)
B004FOA84A|4.0|I really enjoyed this game. It is very quick though. I have seen some people ask for help on this game. People can go to [...] for help. And type the games name in the \\"search\\" box and you will find a \\"walkthrough\\" guide from people that have already beat the game and put on there everything you need to do to beat it as well.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I can't complain. The widget it's beautiful too. I downloaded because someone mentioned sunrise and sunset information. Just wish there was a widget for that.
B000209ZAE|3.0|I just used the stand for the first time and the rear clamp broke while hand tightening it enough to hold the tool stable. From what it seems, there was a defect in the clamp material (dark zone in the fault). I will contact Proxxon...  I contacted them and they were very prompt at offering to send a replacement part. Great customer service so far!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a sweet app and lets you do a lot of different things with it. every body should get it
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Amazing app. Love the reading plan feature. It helps me to work my way through the Word methodically.  There is a huge variety of &quot;versions&quot; of the Bible (I use the NIV, but the KJV and many others are there to choose from).  I also like the &quot;footnotes&quot; that I can click on to get extra information on some passages as I read (not available in all Bible versions I think).  Best of all, this amazing program is free.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|like it very much! makes me want to keep on playing! winning money to open new games makes it more of a fun challenge.
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|I was a little disapointed as I though it would be made of better material.  I don't expect it to last very long, especially the strap that keeps it closed.  Next time I will find a more expensive product.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I love this app. I can get on my laptop computer from my kindle fire at any time when i need to. So far no problems with it!
1419702238|5.0|My son loves this book series.  I thought this might have been a bit under his reading level, however, he really gets a kick out of these books.  I highly recommend for kids that might not enjoy reading as these are fun books with just the right amount of pictures & \\"grossness\\" without going over the top.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great fun!  Great game and great way to pass the time!  Very addicting, very hard to put the game down!  Well worth the price!
B0063GORYU|5.0|very fun with options to change backgrounds.....nice.  it would be nice to have the ability to change the card backgrounds I have yet to find that.
B0063GORYU|5.0|love that game. the ads are no big deal and not annoying.  if even works great on my kindle fire.  Surprise!
B002YIHO7I|5.0|Bravo on such amazing work.  Just been to her concert and she is beyond amazing. The soldier of love rhythm and beat really gets me going.  Bravo.
B004LL1HM4|5.0|Music that will make you feel. Simply the best CD I've ever owned, by one amazing folk pop band. You won't regret buying it.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this game it is fun I definetly think u should get this it is worth the money $
B0009WFELY|5.0|The cover art looks like high quality print, it comes with 2 vinyls and all the lyrics are printed on a cool looking handout. Any way, if you like Sufjan Stevens or Indie-Folk Music, you Def. need to get this.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|I do not care for this game I think it is a boring game and very very pointless :kindle fire
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Good number of games with various challenges. There's good variety too! You have to keep winning to open up new games.
B005HSL626|5.0|I love this game it is fun and addicting many different things to unlock and keeps me busy for a long time
B003U6BE8I|3.0|I read all the Percy Jackson & The Olympians books and loved them. The movie by comparison was very disappointing. The good: special effects like the satyr and centaurs were very well done. The bad: the acting was for the most part awful, the story was choppy and left out crucial details, and the character development was nonexistent. It might have been good had I not read the books first, but of course that cannot be undone. In short, worth watching for the special effects especially if you rent it via instant video and don't buy the DVD. I am SO glad I did not see this in a theatre, I would have felt cheated.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is fantastic. It connects quickly and allows full access to my PC from anywhere.much easier to use than any other product like it that i've seen. A definite winner.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It's a nice game to play when you are bored, but the controls are sometimes laggy and difficult to use.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|Cheapest cover I could find....glad I went with it....Fire snaps in nice and snug...all holes for power, earphones, speakers are able to be used....when used as a stand works pretty good....would buy again.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|well this game is fun and some are fast pace and the games are just fun in general and I say this is a great game compaired to other free games so get it
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|After reading The Hunger Games and Catching Fire, I was eagerly anticipating the final installment of this trilogy.<br />Once I had Mockingjay downloaded to my kindle I made reading it my new top priority.<br /><br />I wish I could get back those days of my life.<br /><br />Like many other reviewers have said, the characters that Suzanne Collins worked so hard to create were destroyed in this novel. I had assumed that we would get a nice, romantic happy ending but I'm not disappointed that we didn't - I'm disappointed that that we didn't really get a true ending.<br /><br />Waste of time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very addictive played it for 2 hours strait very fun I loved it recommended for 15 and under cuz adults wont think its super fun
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I grow weary of games, even if they are great games.  This is a great pick, Amazon.com (not that I'm saying every single selection you've made lately is a good one).
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|This is the cheapest blu-ray of this movie I have found. Its a great movie and I recommend to all those HP fans!
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|Enjoyed watching the season and the ending was a surprise. Can't wait to watch the next season in the series.
B005YDLJ76|5.0|This was wonderful to watch.  She's awesome.  She went over her entire career which was  a treat and all the background footage is a  bonus.  Great Job!!!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I needed something that would let me know when to expect a full moon and it found it. I can now prepare myself for shape shift on my phone versus my calendar. This app would be killer with a sky map and similar concept to view other planets.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I like pretty much everything about this app so far. The only thing that is not working is the time. For some reason the time is incorrect for both cities I have saved. Makes ya wonder if the rest of the info is accurate.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like the variety but I still get bored quickly. it is a great game app for keeping my little one distracted by variety.
B005PMNBNG|2.0|Very mainstream sound with rather monotonous tracks.  I have no further critique beyond my first statement, but given amazon requires at least 20 words in our review, I'll append the statement with: This album has a very common and conventional sound, which apparently is generating abundant album sales -- and that's all well & good if that's the sort of music you like and/or wish to create.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|It seems as though these are little mobile games and the concept of this is absolutely different, infact so different that this app isn't worthwhile your time unless you like to unlock games with poor graphics!!! For me personally I don't like this concept because these poorly created games are very difficult to understand and even perform with great ability! Yours Truly, T.Lee
B004SBX112|3.0|its ok a little addictive but over all a good time waster needs updates more often to keep me intertaned
B0054JZC6E|4.0|really great game it is a great game to pass the time with also very addicting minigames. it is also challeng ing
B0063GORYU|3.0|loved loved this game until a movie ad for the spooky new flick devil inside interrupted game between each play- sometimes even more frequently . :( had to find a new app. annoyed and creeped out!
B004U52VPS|5.0|They played it from early morning when received the present to late night until they went to bed. This toy is definetly very fun for them.<br /><br />BUT...I must provied some useful information I consider important. My kids are not following the game rules, they use this toy to build their own levels (structures) and then ask me to try to destroy the pigs launching the birds with the catapult. They laugh a lot every time I fail, and they allow me to try as many times as I want until I crash the structure and destroy the pigs. Then they start all over again building a new original structure.<br /><br />I also wanted to comment that the Angry Birds videogame is so well designed that I was possible to take it to real life toy easily.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Great app...I like the fact that you have to unlock the other activities.its make the games that much more fun!!!
B004FOA84A|4.0|Could have been longer.  My wife and I enjoyed the game, we just wish it was longer.  Highly recommend we can't wait for another installment.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Needed wifi connection here to download, but went to Android Market, found it, and downloaded over 4g just fine. I don't understand Amazons wifi only requirement!?!? Five Star review from market :P
B0064BCNA4|5.0|Well, I really enjoy this mini piano, but I have no clue how to play! this little.piano helped me learn. so awesome app and worth ever cent!
B0024FAR5M|1.0|I bought the 3-Season Pack DVD (Code Region 2) because of it's overall positive review from most viewers! When I heard about this show's comparison with 'The Sopranos' (I loved every 6 1/2 Seasons of it!) I knew that there was no doubt that I'd be falling in love with 'Sons of Anarchy' aswell...  Well, I didn't.. I ended up forcing myself through the complete first season - actually giving up after just a few episodes. One of the reasons why I really wanted to love this show were actors Ron Perlman and Katey Sagal. I actually loved Katey's character 'Gemma' for different reasons but mostly because you would never see Katey in a role like that but she did an awesome job, she really did! Unfortunately the other cast members look not so good and all the 'wanna be bad-a.s.s characters' seem waaaaay over the top and not natural at all! The dialogues were just absurd - it seems like every character wants to overtrump his opponent with even cooler and even blatant sound bite: it's just lame and a little embarassing... Character 'Jax' portrayed by actor Charlie Hunnam is the least credible - I really think that the actor did and still does a very bad job portraying a member of a biker gang! His walking is just hilarious and doesn't fit the rocker style at all. At this point the complete show and the wonderful job Katey did with her character 'Emma' were ruined and ludicrously! What a shame as I really think that a show about an american biker gang/family has huge potential!  I'm aware that I will get a lot of bad comments because of my negative review concerning this all beloved Tv-Show (can't agree...) but always remember: It's always a matter of opinion! I wanted to love this show but ended up hating it!
B0058VW36U|5.0|this game is so fun! but the levels. are super hard! I give it two thumbs up! really really really fun!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Helpful reading plans, easy to use UI. This app is so conveinent to have, and i now use my phone as my bible all the time. what a blessing it is to see technology being used to bring us closer to God, rather than the norm of it distracting us.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|The is a pretty good app considering its free. The games are okay and I is fun to try to get enough points to unlock new games.<br /><br />Revision- I have decided that this is a pretty bad game. The games get old super fast and it is impossible to get enough points.
B0018QCXGY|5.0|This movie is exactly what the creators said it was: A monster movie through the eyes of a random bystander. Usually in monster movies, you see the hero who saves the day, but what about the random people in the background fleeing for their lives? Where are they going? Why? This movie is about four of those people. They aren't the heroes and they don't really discover any crucial information to the monster's demise. They are just trying to get out of the city. If you go into to movie expecting just that, you won't be disappointed. If you are expecting some kind of deep, meaningful undertones, watch something else. This movie is more akin to a ride than an actual film in terms of plot/deeper meaning but still endlessly entertaining!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the games are kind of strange but I don't see why unlocking the games is a bad thing. the points are super easy to earn but some of the games are almost impossible to complete.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|the controls lag. makes the game a worthless piece of junk. way too many ads. lousy lousy waste of time.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|It was good but there were adds after every time I played a game. The games were hard to control. Overall the games were pretty good for a free app.
B005HSG3VK|2.0|Expected more from this cover. The stand does not work well and can only work when you prop the loose leaf just right into the groove in the back of the cover. Falls easily. The elastic band is starting to fray. Functional enough to use as a protective cover for my Kindle fire. Overpriced in my opinion. Will eventually have to replace it if the rubber elastic band breaks. Not impressed, but using it for now.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a very good app I cant belive. how many games there were it was awesome .and it beats 116 games
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun game to kill time. my kids are able to play it with minimal help from me. nice game, thanks.
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|Good price even though it is a short first season. I would suggest people buying this from Amazon. Definitely 5 stars.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|This is a very nice cover for the Kindle Fire. But because it only protects the screen and back of the device, I only use it when I'm at home. It doesn't have any protection for the edges of the Kindle Fire, which could get scratched during travel. I have this in the brown color and it is just as nice. The inside is lined with camel suede-like material. It has four elastic bands the hold the Kindle Fire at each corner. Though, it is a bit of a struggle to put the Kindle Fire in as they become stretched to their maximum. I do not think this is made for the thickness of the Fire. But with patience, it will hold it in place. It doesn't seem to add any more weight to the Kindle Fire. And the pocket inside the front sleeve helps to hold it when it is folded back on itself. I would recommend this for a classy yet stylish cover.
B005F6NA56|5.0|I listened to the whole album straight through once and loved every bit of it, and this isn't even really the type of music that I generally listen to.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Does what it says. Worth the price, easy to set up and use. This sentence is only here to bypass the minimum word requirement.
B0053YGYO4|5.0|My daughter and I are great fans of Coldplay.  We really loved Viva La Vida and I heard the group perform \\"Paradise\\" from the new album on two different shows, so I bought the CD.  It is somewhat different in style from Viva La Vida, but just as enjoyable.
B0034G4P4O|5.0|For anyone unfamiliar with Herge's work, the style of the movie might be considered similar to what Raiders of the Lost Ark might look like if it were CGI animated and tuned for an audience of 8-year old boys.  The colors are bright, the violence tame, and there is no pesky romance to slow down the wonderful action sequences.  The result is a film that is sheer simple fun.  The plot, an adaptation of The Secret of the Unicorn and Red Rackham's Treasure with a good dose of The Crab With the Golden Claws blended in, is quick moving and hokey, serving well as a framework for the action sequences and little more.  Character development is minimal, true to the original texts.  Only two female characters are discernible, both very minor (the unavoidable Bianca Castafiore does not even interact with the main characters, but it should be noted that she does not appear in any of the three books adapted.)  The resulting film provides undemanding enjoyment for anyone who is or can remember being an 8-year old boy.  Also, my mother loved it (despite grumbling about the additional cost because it was only showing in 3D (THANKS FOR TAKING US, MOM)).  Also, both my daughters (nearly 9 and nearly 12) loved it (even though the younger one fell asleep in the Sahara Desert and missed the entire pirate backstory.)  Reports from friends on Facebook of various ages have yet to reveal anyone who did not thoroughly enjoy it, despite a few scettered minor complaints.  The film is a worthy representation of the books, offering wonderfully humorous action with little meaning or messages to slow the pace, with a visually appealing presentation.
0061537969|5.0|A must read book that everyone should read.This book is a book that you can not put down and if you do you will pick it back up within the hour. I now need to go get the other novel part 2.
B004A8ZWXS|3.0|War Horse is by no means a bad movie.  It was well acted, well scripted, and in many ways a deeply moving film.  But if you are a horse lover (as I am) it will likely be difficult for you to watch.<br /><br />The movie follows a beautiful Thoroughbred named Joey through various phases of his life.  Unfortunately, the horse has a very difficult life, changing owners numerous times and going through some really harrowing experiences.  I thought some of the ugliness of war would be toned down since this movie will likely appeal to a wide audience especially because of how the ads play up the bond between the horse and the boy.  While there's not a lot of blood and gore, it is still very violent and at it is very much a war movie.<br /><br />One of the first war scenes depicts a cavalry battalion (with Joey being towards the front) ambushing a group of unsuspecting soldiers.  A group of 100+ soldiers on horses rush toward the encampment and cut down several soldiers, some of them in the process of shaving and getting dressed.  But there are machine guns hidden in the trees and almost the entire battalion of horse and riders is cut down by machine gun fire as they head towards the trees.  Only a few horses (Joey included) survive.  This was a very difficult scene to watch and countless dead horses on the ground gave you an idea of how badly horses generally fared in wartime situations.<br /><br />There is another very difficult scene to watch in which Joey is running away from a tank and runs in a blind panic over and around several bunkers, and eventually runs head long into several strands of barbwire.  He gets so bogged down in the barbwire that he flips end over end and is completely unable to free himself.  It was heartwrenching and terrible to watch.  However, the scene that follows was one of the most moving of the movie, where two soldiers from the opposing camps come together to free him.<br /><br />One of the tired, but true, war adages that came to mind while watching this movie was \\"war is hell.\\"  This proves to be true for pretty much everyone in the movie, especially the horse.  While this was a good movie in some respects, it is definitely not one I enjoyed watching.ll.\\"  This proves to be true for pretty much everyone in the movie, especially the horse.  While this was a good movie in some respects, it is definitely not one I enjoyed watching.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|I ordered this movie used, but it was in new condition for far less money!  Loved all three of these movies!
0307454541|3.0|Ends up being a good book but the first few pages aren't much to write home about (pun intended). If I hadn't read all the great reviews I probably wouldn't have finished this, but glad I did
B000PC6A3E|5.0|I ordered this movie used, but it didn't matter.  It was in good condition and far less expensive than buying it new.  A good movie, but I liked the 2nd one better.  We'll see what the 3rd one has to offer...
B006BDHAX0|3.0|it kicks u out of the game don't buys till it gets fixed wish I could get money back other. than it kicking u out of the game its a great game
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this because you have to earn your games. its kind of a cool idea for a game I think
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app was great fun and kept me playing for hours. definitely  not a waste of time. great that it was free
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a good game. u will love all the games my fab is the sushi game its so fun if u like a variation of games then ill love this one.
B005K2XM94|5.0|If you're looking for style and functionality, this Timbuk2 Sleeve is the way to go. The soft interior protects the Kindle Fire securely. It fits to a T. I dropped it... flung it almost... and it bounced off a wood bed stand and to the floor. All was okay. Timbuk2 products are made well and look great and this Kindle Fire sleeve doesn't disappoint.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great for multitask word on the go, great audio speaker no annoying text to speach. very useful app and great for study!
0062082353|5.0|A realistic, honest, and gritty look at the challenges faced, both personal and professional, through war, peace, love and personal conflict.  Chris provides a clear, ground-level view of what so many people in similar situations go through.  The brillance of this book comes not from the recounting of his war memories, but by the subtle references to the emotions and second order effects that comes with experiences such as his.  He and Taya have provided a voice for so many military familes that wrestle with the same competing priorities.  A worthwhile read for anyone, but an invaluable read for any member of the military that struggles with the conflict between duty to family anad country.
B003Y5H5FG|4.0|This updated version of the 1980's classic teen & vampire horror movie has got all of the frights, laughs & homage cameo you would expect in a remake.  What I found refreshing was Collin Farrel's portrayal of the lead antagonist - inspiring and devoid of humanity but not without the vampiric sexuality origniated by Bela Lugosi & carried forth by the likes of Christopher Lee.  A must see.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|I wish there was a way to choose \\"0 stars\\". National Geographic meets Brad Pitt meets weirdo music. Don't even think about clicking that link. Run away. Run away.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it's. awesome so fun to play when bored and great for travel. wish I knew about this app earlier. very fun!
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|Get the new Angry Birds app! You do the same thing over and over again.  Very boring for me after the first few levels. You shouldn't get this, it is just a waste of time.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love being able to choose a reading plan or two that helps keep my quiet time with God fresh.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This app is okay, more more for little children. Also, some of the games are impossible, like the one where you clean the fish tank.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Lives the game and the new bandit modw which was quite fun. didn't expect much but was pleasantly surprised by how much they added. worth all 99 pennies.
B0055SWM08|4.0|quell is really relaxing and you would think boring but surprisingly addicting. in my opinion this game doesn't deserve a five star just cause after a while it can get kind of old. but if you enjoy puzzles, this is definitely the game for you.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|Great game and I like how you have to work to get points, but the games really do cost too many points. :/
B0054JZC6E|4.0|These games are very entertaining.  Simple and fun!  Not hard to pass to next level so you can easily open the other hundred games for your playing enjoyment.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a lot of free games, you earn points to unlock more games, great concept. plus I get 250000 points for writing this.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|always have a game to play and it is easy to earn points. Great for long rides. I enjoy this app
0062082353|5.0|I was very pleased with this book.  I read a lot of military related books and would rank this one in the top 10 percent.  I found myself laughing often while reading this book.  I admire Mr. Kyle's honesty.  He really discloses many personal details about himself that some may find surprising.  I highly recommend his book!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a really fun game. winning gets you new games and new challenges. this is a constantly changing bringing new challenges with every new game. lots of fun for adults and children.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Really fun game. Hate the add that pops up it's so annoying. I play this game while waiting for Dr appointments or while watching games on Tv.
B004SBQGHS|1.0|This game is just like free version for kindle fire. Does not even have mighty eagle. Do not get it.
B005GFPZYK|3.0|With all due respect to Mr.Kyle.....not in the same league as Carlos Hancock..... Mr Hancock went out to engage the enemy with only his skill and ability ....no Predators..choice of expensive weapons ....support or backup ... extensive training.....just skill. Didn't think of himself as Superman nor his enemies as \\"savages\\"   War is hell, not the BS depicted by Hollywood. As for being the \\"quiet professional \\"  ,boy Mr Kyle talks a lot . True warriors are seldom heard from their actions speak for them. Very little is heard about SFOD/SAS/SBS operators, only now are we learning about the guys in SOG
B004EPZ08Y|2.0|The 4th film was labeled \\"The Final Destination\\" which was supposed to be the final chapter of the series. I admit that when I found out about a new Final Destination film I couldn't wait to watch it and it was one of the most anticipated movies of the year for me. When I watched it, I was letdown. It wasn't that interesting or entertaining, it was somewhat boring compared to the first 4. It was slow and lacking in suspense that made the first 4 films. It isn't better than The 4th film, not even half as good.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|wow...what a disappointment... especially for $30. $10 is a more accurate price range! It is difficult to keep the cover in place to hold the screen accurately...using it as a stand. I would definitley not invest in this product for the amount of money. Next time I will go to a store and not purchase a cover sight unseen.
B005V1WZ10|3.0|I don't care what other people think, Remember Who You Are was great and I liked how it was more like mid '90s Korn. Path to Totality is more like See you On The Other Side which used to be my least favorite but this is now. All of their album's are great but they'll never live up to their first 2, Untouchables was their last chance and they had it but ever since that they haven't ever been as good. At least they haven't put out a horrible album yet. This is still too mainstream, in my opinion.
B006MHWXMS|1.0|its as if the developer doesn't use it.  Some of the issues are so on your face.  Trying to move a repeating task is frustration.  Repeating a completed task makes all the new tasks completed as well.  Get someone to do QA!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|A friend told me about the tv show Lost and never put mine to it, till he got the first 3 seasons and we start watching, of course the show is very good and I got hook on it, so I look online and find out that there were 6 seasons total of the show and that they have these collectors editions for over 150 dollars on blue ray, I took the risk and ordered, when I open the box omg it is for a collector edition, but it is my first time I saw something so neat and beautiful, I dont think there is something even close to these. Im gladd I ordered, Im in season 5 now and fighting every night when is time to go to sleep because I want to continue with the show whit no stop.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it's a variety and it passes time. its ok. points do rack up quickly to get the other games but it shouldn't be a handful free and 100 locked! some controls do lag.
B005KMX866|5.0|Loved this some great tracks. Shows the progression  and excellence gained from years in music. Eclectic, in the style of Elvis and Johnny Cash but with that unique Chris Isaac velvet touch.
B00275EHJG|5.0|This was/is a great movie.  Saw it on the big screen and just had to have it when it came out.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Excellent, easy setup, easy to use. Smooth and fast functionality with Windows Vista and Android on Evo 3D. Highly recommended.
0307891372|5.0|Product arrived on time and was packaged well. The box came a little beat-up but the product was still in great condition.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The games so far have been unique and fun. They are unusual in task and compel you to continue until completing.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love this gang its lil amazing. had the funniest time with the sushi game. best app ever in my opinion
1455510319|5.0|If you enjoy good court-room give/take, unpredictable plot twists, and fast-paced writing, you'll enjoy this one.  The reader of the audio version is excellent.  I don't understand the number of negative reviews -- almost didn't read it, but I'm glad I didn't.  That said, I should add that I've read only 4-5 of Michael Connnelly's books.  I'll definitely look for others.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game ( or shall I say game&quot;s&quot;) is the best fun you'll have! You will never be bored again because they have 117 games!! It's FUN!! (:
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|i installed this on my kindle fire to help me prepare for my med school interviews. it is fantastic! i have organized all my information and reasearch in to various notebooks! I have the web clipper installed on my computer to clip articles from websites and organize them into the notebooks! id be lost without it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I had all the games and when I updated it I lost all of the games I'm so mad I did all that for nothing
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Excellent App works on my Verizon Lg VS910.  Worth giving this app a try.  I use this for a planting guide.  As far as those alluding to wolves dont use the back door they will be waiting for you when the moon is full. Sorry to read those one star reviews not a fair evaluation of the app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I Very Much Enjoyed This App as it makes us play to get more games and has great games!!! I love it!!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a good game. I would reccomend to any one. kind of old but still fun.  a awesome game, especially because it is free!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a great/addicting game!!! I love it!! all my friends now have it becuz I told them how great and addictive it!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|There are a lot of games on this app, some easier to play then others. my husband and I like to compete against one another in some of the games. Understand why people are upset with the updated because one puts a lot of time into accumulating points.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I just wanted the points for reviewing it, but its pretty good graphics aren't great though but still its pretty fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|perfect. awake.at at at at at at at at at at at at at sf at at st at. &quot;
B000VDDDVO|5.0|This is such a great Christmas movie, such a wonderful story. I've seen it a couple of times, but next year I'll surely watch this one again to get into the Christmas spirit. My wife and I, we love it and makes The Holiday Season extra special....  They do not make this kind of screengems anymore...  A real Must See....
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app has lots of games that will keep u busy.  some games are easy and some are a little harder but overall Kepler you entertained for a bit esp if u are bored.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Good game. Provides a lot of options that ensure lasting entertainment because of the plethora of games. Not just a game you can beat in 10min.
B0011UBDTK|1.0|Several CDs of this box set are incredibly poor quality.  Many episodes will skip intermediately, some episodes won't play at all, and once it even hard froze my DVD player - I had to unplug it!  Fortunately, I ordered this product very close to Christmas and I'm in the window for returning it.  The episodes started messing up in Season 2 and Season 3 is getting worse and worse.
B0042MEQVG|5.0|All I have to say about \\"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse\\" is that I am very happy to have it as a part of my collection of Twilight saga dvds. \\"Eclipse\\" has a great storyline that makes you want to keep coming back for more. You can almost feel the passion between the characters.   Take my word for it that this movie is a must-have. You will not be disappointed with all of the action and drama it has to offer. Of course this is speaking from a female point of view. :-)  One more thing, I think that a lot of people have issues with this movie because of the immature behavior of Bella. You have to realize that Stephenie Meyer's wrote this novel to target the age range of 12 to 17 year olds. So of course older more mature people will have issues with the storyline. I am almost 38 years old but I still remember how I behaved when I was in my teens. All I have to say is great job Stephenie Meyer's, wish I had thought of this movie. I need to pay more attention to my dreams. :-)  **Team Jacob**
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This is a very well written  application that use your location to show not only the phase of the moon but also the orientation of the illuminated disc.
B005URRCUY|4.0|The commercial success of the Black Keys's previous album, Brothers, came out of nowhere for a number of reasons.  First, as a blues-rock duo from the \\"flyover state\\" of Ohio, the Black Keys hardly seemed destined for the Billboard charts.  Second, the Black Keys had been laboring diligently in indie-world for so long that for most it seemed impossible that they would finally break out of those cloistered confines of thick rimed glasses and absurdist facial hair and into a broad audience.  And, finally, Brothers served as an intriguing departure from the Black Keys's usual sound, which normally consisted of them playing nothing more than guitar and drums that were then recorded in what sounded like a tin can.  Instead, Brothers took cues from hip-hop production and included plenty of stylistic detours, including vocalist, Dan Auerbach, singing in a falsetto.  Perhaps the success of Brothers shouldn't have seemed like such a fluke.  After all, years of listening to the songs of the Black Keys in credit card commercials may have softened up America to their sound, and as much as the production on Brothers seemed out of step from some of their earlier albums, the further emphasis on drums and bass is hardly a losing proposition on commercial radio.   So, if Brothers seemed like an unexpected win for the duo of Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney, then the follow up album, El Camino, seems desperate to argue that their time in the spotlight isn't over.  Where Brothers was an expansive trip through many of the Black Keys's outer stylistic influences, El Camino is a tightly structured album designed to deliver one pop thrill after another.  The first salvo of songs, \\"Lonely Boy,\\" \\"Dead and Gone\\" and \\"Gold on the Ceiling,\\" prove to be an apt mission statement for the album.  Each song is catchier than the last and impossibly danceable.  The entire album attempts to keep up this high wire act, placing one potential single after another, and at times it feels like listening toa \\"best of\\" compilation rather than a proper studio release.  Some might miss the minimalist charms of their early work, while others might yearn for another stylistic departure like Brothers, but for those who are merely looking for a good time, you'll find it on El Camino.  Besides, there are still interesting genre amalgams, from gospel and soul derived call and response to fat glam-rock beats, and, after all, writing eleven radio ready songs is hardly an easy task.     For El Camino, the Black Keys returned to producer Dangermouse, who also helmed their 2008 album Attack & Release.  Since then Attack & Release has come to be known as the red headed stepchild in the Black Keys's oeuvre.  In hindsight it's an obvious transition album, and, even if every track isn't successful, it now seems like a necessary move on their way to recording Brothers.  I'm happy to say that Dangermouse's flourishes are more effortlessly folded into the Black Keys sound.  On Attack & Release it too often felt as if the Black Keys had written solid songs that were dragged down by extra instruments and production tricks that were haphazardly bolted on.  Here, Dangermouse's contributions seem like a natural extension of the band, a backing chorus here, an extra guitar line there, and maybe a little more bass.  In fact, despite the two principle members of the Black Keys, it's quickly becoming impossible to refer to the band as a duo.  El Camino cements the Black Keys's place as stadium ready stars, and if the album often feels like an effortless victory lap, then it's a well deserved one.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|You have to play to unlock the games, but I have been enjoying the minigames. I haven't played too many of them yet, but the game play seems simple enough for passing and gets harder as you progress.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|addictive fun short games could be harder in some parts. levels in individual games would be more fun too thx
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I was not sure about this app on my new kindle fire, it did exceed my expectations.  The program has been.Running smoothly so far.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|When I first saw this I laughed, but when I opened it I thought it was amazing. The graphics are stunning on my kindle fire. My daughter is currently doing moon phases in school do this is extremely nifty. I cant get over the visual appearence. Stunning.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love how there is a reminder. there r so many plans to choose from. would def recomend this app.
B003IEJZUG|5.0|To me, LIFE OF PI is a great story with a perfect ending.  I agree with the reviewer who wrote that books like this are why we like to read.
B004XDYJRU|4.0|I do like this app. However, I wonder when it's going to be updated here since already updated to 5.3 on Google Market.
B004A8ZWVK|4.0|I just watched THE HELP, and I will probably vote for it to win the Best Actor Ensemble Screen Actors Guild Award. The cast was wonderful, and it's nice to witness a true, wonderful ensemble of actresses and several of them Afro/American. Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer emerge as true stars. The entire movie is very well cast with pitch-perfect performances.    However, as significant as the themes and background are, some of THE HELP seems obvious, contrived, unrealistic and began to remind me of TV's DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES. Too much melodramatic sensationalism, and problems are tied up to quickly, neatly, and happily at the end. But I still highly recommend THE HELP for its originality, beautifully developed themes, vital social significance and many wonderful performances and wouldn't be disappointed if it wins several Oscars, including best movie of the year. It's one hell of a lot better than THE ARTIST, that's for sure!
0385535139|5.0|I haven't touched a John Grisham novel since the summer of 2008. After a good stint where I read and enjoyed over a half dozen of his works, \\"The Appeal\\" stopped me cold. That book was so incredibly anti-corporation and its characters were so unbelievably stereotypical--with the valiant and poor lawyers fighting against those evil and selfish corporate overlords--I couldn't make it through it. In fact, I didn't want to believe Grisham wrote it. I couldn't get rid of the book quick enough.<br /><br />With that said, this Christmas I received \\"The Litigators\\" as a gift unexpectedly (meaning I hoped for a different author, different book). I really hesitated to start it. Wondered if it would grate on me as much as \\"The Appeal\\" had. Still, not wanting to be ungrateful, I decided to give it a shot.<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised. \\"The Litigators\\" is much more balanced novel. The lawyer protagonists are chiefly scoundrels, of the type found in TV commercials. Yet there are honorable and efficient lawyers, as well. And though there is some corporate maleficence, there are also corporations (more accurately, corporate employees...lest we forget that all corporations are composed of individuals) that take the high road too. In short, \\"The Litigators\\" presents a world that is closer to reality.<br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Even though a novel like this requires a lot of backstory and narration, it reads fast. Grisham is a master of characters and story. He makes you care about what happens enough to keep reading. I loved how it all wrapped up in the end.<br />All in all, a great read. You got me back, Mr. Grisham.
1416955070|2.0|I'm sorry because, as a writer who has received his share of scathing reviews on Amazon, I know how much they can hurt; nonetheless, I have seen every character, plot device, setting and story in this novel before. Take two parts Twilight, one part Demonata series, a pinch of Cirque du Freak, ANY \\"teen interest\\" novel from your local Barnes and Noble and you could put this hackneyed, pedestrian story together. I was given the trilogy as a gift, I read the first novel, I'll be giving them all away now.
0439023513|1.0|I tore through the first two books recently and then started the third. I knew there was trouble when the first five chapters were a chore to read. It seems as though the author herself didn't really know where she was taking the story. No plan. No forethought. A book about war or revolution should be planned with the same military precision as a war itself would be. I'm fine with the message of the book and indeed who she killed off. It's the writing itself that is so disappointing. The first half of the book is meandering and unfocused. A once strong, brave and inspiring character turned sulky and sullen. Reacting instead of acting. TOO much time is spent in District 13. And the entire book is nearly devoid of emotion. The deaths of really important characters are an afterthought. ******SPOILER ALERT******In the end, Katniss doesn't even choose between Gale and Peeta. Her being with Peeta just ... happens. It seems as though she would have been equally happy marrying Heymitch at that point. Lifeless, emotionless, remarkably revolution-less for a book that's supposed to be about a revolution. I can understand not wanting to glorify war, but at least end in hope. INSPIRE for crying out loud. The girl on fire fizzled to the ground. It honestly broke my heart.
B005K17RU0|5.0|With four kids I really like being on top of the weather...this app is aqurate, graphics are great and found our very small town! Love it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome this game is I tell you.most awesome game ever.I love it so much its just plain awesome.so awesome it is.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Simply put: excellent game!  This is one of those games that no one can argue its value and playability!! Seriously, the developers, art designer did a tremendous job on the game.  I love this game! Very well done!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|these are fun but simple games, some of them more challenging than others. something to do when you're bored or have time to kill.
B000UR9T82|4.0|This is a great classic trilogy and for the price on blu-ray its a great value. If you are looking for a good movie at a great price this is the one.
B004MC8CA2|2.0|I hate and like it. I like it for home because I know the password for my WIFI. But at church when I tryed to connect to their WIFI and I didn't know their code. The point is that I don't like it only because it won't let me read the Bible without a WIFI password
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it has some good games. really easy to unlock new ones. ads can get very annoying sometimes. but overall good
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun its a great pass time a lot fun enjoy the game variety is insanely fun. has good mini games
B0054JZC6E|2.0|its ok, kinds hard and the senitvity could be better. other wise its kinds fun, and my 5year old likes it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|typical solitaire game. has ads but its free. never any trouble during gameplay. would recommend to anyone that likes playing solitaire as much ad I do.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Especially like the satellite map! Time will tell how the forecasts pan out, but so far so good...Well worth Free
B0054JZC6E|2.0|the app title is 101 games, but you have to earn them. they don't automatically all come on the app, and earning them isn't easy. I would not recommend this app to anyone
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this is a very good game I really like that it has a wide veriety I really think every1 should have this app
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I have told all my friends about this game. It's the best game ever.No other games can be better. who ever made this game is a the best.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game and totally addictive. good layout and pleasantly challenging, if you enjoy solitaire then this game is the real deal.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Very useful, like access to multiple versions, multiple languages. can link notes and reading plans. excellent use of the sword.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|No glitches. Great interface. Couldn't of gotten better. Works like a charm. Fast. I think that I will definitely use it in the future
B0054JZC6E|5.0|So much fun. I really enjoyed playing. Easy yet challenging. I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes fun.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|While young viewers won't know the difference, George Lucas' changes to these films, especially Jedi are pathetic.   He turned the musical sequence in Jaba's palace a modern-ish hip hopish music video and the worst of all is in the end, they show multiple celebrations on various planets.  I don't need explain how bad this sucks.  This is just the tip of the iceberg.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I have only played the game for a little while, but so far it is better than expected on my Kindle Fire. Sometimes it has some distortion issues with the visuals, but it rarely affects gameplay. It's somewhat cluttered with the ads and such.
B003P9VZ0W|5.0|We got these as a gift from our Amazon wishlist along with the castle decals.  These, along with the castle, takes up an entire wall and is just beautiful.  I love this concept because once my daughter is out of her princess phase, we can just take them down.  I was worried this would fall off easily and be something my daughter would want to take off and play with. She doesn't even touch these on the wall.  I imagine we'll have the princesses and castle up for a few years and then we'll look for another decal theme to purchase.  This is a great buy for the quality!
0451228375|3.0|As engaging and lengthy as Pillars of the Earth, World Without End picks up in the same British town only with a different cast of characters and 200 years later. I found the plot and characters engaging enough, but what put me off was the continuous heartache and set-backs these people endured. Yes, life was very hard back then, but I don't want to confront those hardships again and again with every turn of the page. It's nice to have a positive moment or success every now and again.
B000X107GI|5.0|When I ordered mine, the supplier attached to this listing was \\"National Deals\\" and I got free shipping. I had good experience with CR-2032 supplied by National Deals. The batteries were marked with expiration date of Dec. 2015 on the package. I used them on by Bathroom scale and a digital pedometer and so far so good. It is a good deal. A pair of these cost about about twice as much as this 5 pack at neighborhood home improvement/grocery stores.
0307577589|4.0|I listened to the audio CD narrated by Simon Vance. After a somewhat confusing first chapter (I'll chalk that up to road noise -- we started listening on a road trip) I was hooked. Larsson was a gifted mystery writer -- he knew how much information to parse out and when in order to keep the reader interested and engaged. Not too mention the brilliant intersecting plot lines, larger than life characters and attention to detail. I feel like I've been living in the world Larsson created and a few days after finishing the book I still have yet to climb out. Props must also be given to Reg Keeland, the translator, and of course to Simon Vance, who is a gifted narrator. His reading was spellbinding and definitely enhanced the book. My only complaints are that the epilogue seemed protracted and on the long side and Vance's female vocals were a bit of a let-down: his falsetto made the strong females leads come across as wimpy.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is a great way to get to know God. This is a good way to read the bible on the go.
0316926345|4.0|Waugh's grand coming of age novel. He leaves satire behind in this narrative story told mostly through a flashback. The narrator recounts his time at Oxford when he befriends the aristocratic Flyte family and the subsequent years as he as his troubled friend grow apart. Beautifully written.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game is halarious! i luv it. those pigs uggghh sometines i wish they would fall! Lol. PLAY THIS GAME!
0743298039|5.0|I was a bit hesitant to read this book....its raging success and vague plot description on the jacket deterred me from picking it up sooner. At a friend's suggestion (and in dire need of some gym reading) I dove in headfirst and didn't emerge for a week. The characters, plot, writing, and the author's love of books kept me enraptured. Great read.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|So about a week ago this app was the free app of the day, so I downloaded it, and the software computer. 100% works. You pretty much have your computer right on your kindle. But also worth $1.99 start to download. If there was a higher rate I would.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|The Bible app from YouVersion is a fantastic resource. I love being able to have many different translations at a moments notice. The only problem I have with this app is that the NIV translations are not downloadable for use when you do not have network access and the NRSV translation is not available at all. It would also be nice to be able to browse public notes by topic or keyword. Currently, the only way I can find public notes are by selecting a verse first. I use this app daily and highly recommend it for anyone that needs to have easy access to the scriptures at a moments notice.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great download and lots of fun.  very easy to use and the auto complete when you've achieved the final winning move is cool too.
B000A2IPP0|5.0|We all enjoyed the show including my little 5 year old great granddaughter and my 3 1/2 year pld Great Grandson.   I also have gotten them Dumbo, and Mary Poppins all from Amazon.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this app! its so much fun and I recommend everyone to get it! the cute little creatures face is so cute and I love his little expressions so yes get it!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Best Bible reading app out there! Read in almost any version you want when online plus download several to your device for offline reading.
B003HGKJ3W|5.0|I first got into A-Ha after i stole my dads Headlines and Deadlines CD in 1991. Fast forward 20 years and they have been the one band that I have never stopped playing year in year out. Its frustrating that take on me was their biggest hit as that gave the band the cheesy 80s pop stereotype they didnt deserve.<br /><br />However the opposite was true, the albums released were works of art. They were a rare beast in that they were typical 80s production that never actually dated. And in my opinion this was the best. Its very dark, very catchy and there isnt a single note out of place. This is definately a must own, if purely for i've been losing you, but then all their albums are.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great to play if need to waste some time. playing it on the kindle fire and no problems so far
B0054JZC6E|3.0|not terrible. good way to pass time. controls aren't great and the ads are frustrating, but what do you expect from a free app?
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This will make my life so much easier knowing when i will transform into my werewolf form. This will make things allot easier on me.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like the app but like every five minutes the devil inside trailer would pop up and freak me out soooo much.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a odd but amazing game and it has some funny minigames in it and u will really injoy it trust me
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this is a really fun game because it has a variety of games to play.  I enjoy playing it much!
B001U3Y5XE|4.0|Our family loves Creationary!  There is no time limit (thank god) for the person doing the building and it's wonderful that there are no teams so everyone can guess what is being built.  The game challenges you to think about how to use the available pieces to accurately portray your picture, but since no one is very good at building the things in their pictures, it never gets to be too serious or frustrating. I would definitely recommend it for adults and older children because even the easy pictures may be too difficult for young children (and there are some very small pieces included).
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is one if the best Bible apps out there.  Not only does it have many versions of the Bible for comparison but it also has reading plans,devotionals, and a great community too.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I love this app. As a student, i can now use my Kindle Fire to take notes in class via splastop on my desktop Pc. No need for lugging around paper/pens, or using mediocre note taking apps.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I had this app for three days now and I played it every time I had a chance to. Good music, excellent symbols and very smooth progression. Designed by real artists
B0013ND30W|5.0|daughters love the movie, i love hi-def; seemed like the perfect match. i didn't think the blu-ray's picture was as high quality as some other disney movies, but it was noticeably better (to me) than watching the standard dvd.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Great classic game fun for the kids.  Not a lot of ads and no glitches as of yet.  Would recommend for any age user.
0061969656|3.0|I love all of the Richard Sharpe books, but they usually have a villain you can really hate. That makes you cheer the hero when he can finally outsmart, or outfight him. This story had too many enemies and too many people whose names begin with Ae. That caused confusion for me. The author states that he is related to the protagonist but that he created most of the story.<br />Some things reminded me of Conan and his god, Crom, since Uhtred worshipped Odin and Thor. And there was a witchie seer with magic potions. But this was grounded more in British history than fantasy.<br />Uhtred referred to his telling this tale in his old age, so there was no suspense of whether he would survive battling his Danish foes.<br />(Spoiler alert)<br />I wanted to find out more about Alfred since I'm a descendant of his, but he mostly lies on his deathbed and then dies. Sorry if you haven't read this and that spoils it for you.<br />So I didn't hate this book, but can't rave about it either.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|thank you amazon for your free daily apps and thank you werewolf for your selling comment! I was perusing the apps list on a sleepless night and this one serves its purpose... it gives me something to look at when I cant sleep. :)<br />works well with my kindle fire, seems accurate, pleasant to look at... maybe looking out the window just isn't good enough.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game! Has all the necessities and really clean handling. No freezing or distracting ads. would recommend it to anyone!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its pretty fun all together, the one thing I wouldn't mind not having are the adds. that's pretty much all I have to say...
B0054JZC6E|4.0|there are so many games to choose from with many different skill levels. lots of fun for adults and kids.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|When I first read this book I was on the edge of my seat for the two days I read this book for. Thats right. I read this whole book in only two days it was that great I felt it as if it were me who was Katniss. Great job Suzanne!!!
B005K17RU0|5.0|does all the things I wanted it to do.  I especially like the hour by hour view for the upcoming day.
B0061S073A|5.0|Cannot tell you how much headache this gets rid of. No deleted apps and the kids can play to their hearts content! They all know that if they want to play, they push the orange button and there are all the games. My little ones can't do any harm and my older can't do any mischief. Love it!
0307987647|3.0|I find the book's descriptions excessively wordy but wanted to have the information before the next HBO instalment came out since having read the book first made the first HBO film much more entertaining..
B003ASLJO0|5.0|The detail about the movie was upfront before I purchased it, so I know that it was rated R and not for the very young. I have viewed it before my purchase so I new what the movie was about. Love the movie and the price,the seller was great on the price and the delivery of my purchase I would buy more movies from this seller. Very happy
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this games is a lot of fun! I like all the variety and the gratification from receiving the points and &quot;buying&quot;/ unlocking new mini games.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this is a fun game, lots of variety and it is very addictive. I would recommend this to my friends.
0061537969|5.0|This is just a wonderful story written from the perspective of the dog, Enzo, who loves his owner and loves auto racing!  It will make you laugh and make you cry!  A great read for anyone who is an animal lover!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Everyone needs this app! It is convenient and easy to read in small segments while waiting for life to happen!
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|It's interesting enough, but it can get a little confusing.  Still not sure if I should keep it.    On a totally different note, kudos to the one who made the appeture science comment.  Made my day.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is one of the best app's I have found for the android tablet.  Easy to setup and  it just works. I use it with my laptop by turning on the laptop camera so when I'm away I can check on our cabin. (This is not a replacement for a good security system.)  It's great. Plus,  I can run applications on the laptop I can't run on my table. One program I run is my genealogy program.  There's not a good genealogy program for the android tablets so I now can run my regular program on the laptop. Also any files you have on the laptop you may need you don't have to worry about trying to get them onto your tablet. Wish all android applications worked as good as this one!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This is one of the coolest apps I have located..I am looking forward to using it everynite...and shareing it with my children.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good games for a free app. I just got a kindle fire and the app operates well. I am having fun with it.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this app is awesome of course it is angry birds and also it is FREE!! I recommend to get this app and then get the other angry bird apps
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I installed this tool on my kindle fire and am quite pleased with it.  It is (relatively) easy to use and handles multi head hosts.  Unlike some other remote access tools, this one leaves the host's displays unblanked, and the host's keyboard and locator devices active.  It does appear to change the display geometry while the client is connected, and if you have an auto-hide taskbar in windows, it is tricky to activate.  I would like to see a few additional features such as an easy way to display the entire screen, then tap to center the zoom window at the previous zoom level, another to se the displayed portion zoom level to the natural pixel size to get rid of zoom artifacts,  and some way to select a window on the host and have the display window on the tablet zoom and center to show the entire selected window.
B005K17RU0|5.0|it works great with the fire....it does stay on constantly where your notifications are but you can take that off by just clicking the paper at the bottom then click settings and then notifications then off and bam it stops and still saves your location
0439023491|4.0|This was a good read. Not totally awesome but I did enjoy it and look forward to seeing the movie.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is awesome! there are so many games and they are all fun and competitive. I recommend this app to anyone.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its cool it has many cool features and games and is a good pass time and it has a lot of cool games on it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good games keeps me very occupied lil addicting at times but its ok daughter loves it also cant get enough.
B003MC5N28|5.0|I read this book when I was in 8th grade and it was one of those required readings that didn't feel so \\"required\\".  The plot is intricate, interesting and full of surprises as you discover the main character and the odd world he lives in.  The ending does leave questions unanswered but that's the beauty of it.  It allows the reader to imagine and conjecture their own ending.  It makes you think, which is the purpose in any good book.
B005V2EVBQ|2.0|I like the look of the case and its sturdy enough but the way the inside cover folds out as a stand is a problem. I am constantly picking dirt and hair off of it before I can close it directly onto my kindle screen. Should have had the stand configured so  the soft inside wasn't on the outside collecting dirt.There is a way to do it, I have seen it on other products and assumed this was the same way.
B004EPZ084|5.0|Kept me laughing the whole time. Love Jennifer Aniston in this movie. Everything was great. I bought it for my boss & my husband's boss for Christmas!
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I SELDOM IF EVER THOUGHT ABOUT THE RACEISM OF THE SOUTHERN WOMEN. THE HELP BROUGHT THIS TO LIGHT FOR ME, AND JUST HOW DEMEANING THE JIM CROW LAW WERE. VERY EDUCATIONAL.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|No one game is perfect but the challenge of unlocking all 117 games provides an additional objective. Controls and graphics are not great and people should not expect Triple A graphics.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|its a great app, have used it before with great success wish some more versions were available for download still great
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it was pretty cool. I liked that there was lots of options to choose from. wish the points would add up faster
B005HV6Y84|5.0|Amazing!   Like the others films the soundtrack is perfect for every scene.  There are different sound: pop, soft, rock and the mix is right.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|It's a good game.yet so of the games are just boring.Good games for having a thousand games and not ALL the games are cheap
B0063IH60K|3.0|Not many winning chances in random mode and the adds are annoying but overall the games not too bad for a free game.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Great game but every two minutes the game is stopped when an ad for a new movie hijacks the screen. After a few days of that I deleted the app.<br /><br />Updated on Feb. 27, 2013:  I read that the company got rid of the pop-up ads, so I downloaded the app again. I haven't had any trouble with ads taking over the full screen, so I am upgrading my review from two stars to five stars. I enjoy the game very much, especially now that the games are no longer interrupted by video ads.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great. game I think every one shoud get. this game thanks for creating this game. I sure. every one will like it
B004O3YGMC|4.0|As expected, lets me accomplish functions on my office computer without being there. Does not work well when Verizon signal to Droid phone is spotty .. which is carrier's fault but happens way too often
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great game for on the the go or at home helps pass the time definitely worth downloading recommend this game for anybody
B0054JZC6E|1.0|need to be able to control speed missile game the missiles<br />were there too fast to even see coming at you.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|when I get bored I play the games to pass time. very fun and challengeing. I recommend it to all for a variety of games.
B005MIYI3K|5.0|As a big fan of the melodic goth rock/metal genre, especially with that of female vocals, I had been waiting for Nightwish's new album for many years now. I  thought their last album \\"Dark Passion Play\\" was a very good entry into their discography, but I thought their new-ish lead singer Anette needed time to find  herself in order to secure her starring role in one of the best female-vocal metal bands in the world.<br /><br />I felt like I was going to have to be very critical of this album when it dropped and I was waiting for it for a long time, especially with bands like Lacuna  Coil and Within Temptation also taking their time recording new albums for 2011/2012. It was an absolute must that Nightwish knock it out of the park with  this release, and honestly after over 45 days of listening to it near-daily now, I can completely affirm they hit a grand slam with this one. Before I go any  further, I just want to say that I've been thinking about how I could review this album without sounding like an over-hyping fanboy for about a month now,  and it's been a battle for me to keep humble about this release.<br /><br />Before getting into any talk about the quality of the album, the concept of the album needs to be realized. This is the epitome of a concept album and  Nightwish make it known from the first song. Their description of the album is \\"an old man looking back on his life reminiscing about the past\\", and although  that seems fully accurate to what goes on musically, there is no way that describes the epic detail of what is contained within each of these tracks. This is  the epitome of a successful concept album and bands of any other genre need to take note at how Nightwish really lays this music out.<br /><br />The intro song \\"Taikatalvi\\" is a great intro track that's recorded fully in Finnish and was meant for a vocal introduction of what is to come. Following it is \\"Storytime\\", which is the first true song on the album and the track that defines the musical style of the entire release. It immediately shows that this is going to be a harder  hour of music than the predecessor album \\"Dark Passion Play\\" was, and the tune on its chorus should be welcomed with open arms as its vibe will intoxicate the  entire album to follow. \\"I am the voice of never, never land.\\", a great opening chorus line, as the following 11 songs will reveal themselves to be of  magical persuasion and of otherworldly power. There are so many epic, symphonic parts of this record, I don't know where to begin.<br /><br />\\"Ghost River\\" is the third track and a decent follow-up to Storytime, though I feel it's one of the weaker tracks on the album as a whole. The instruments  are totally there, and the theme follows nicely, but I feel the lyrics leave a lot to be desired. It seems like a track hardcore metal heads would prefer over  the holistic nature of the rest of the album - which isn't negative in any way, I just feel it's one of the least musical of the tracks as a whole. \\"Slow,  Love, Slow\\" follows it, and is one of the most surprising tracks to ever grace the track list of a melodic goth record. Nightwish exclaims the idea for this  song came from 1930's American swing and noir-era music tune. It really does feel like one is going through a murder case as a detective when listening to this song.  The piano riffs backing Anette's voice are very unique, and when the song peaks at 4:30 or so, the intensity can not be described if you're on a good sound  system. It's at this moment where I believe Anette shows her fans that she is the true vocalist of the modern era of Nightwish, and that she is the only one  that could have done this album as it is presented.<br /><br />Ah, yes. Next comes one of the future hit radio singles, \\"I Want My Tears Back\\". It's a definite that this would have already been the single of the album if  \\"Storytime\\" didn't exist. It's the most accessible and broadly spanned musical track of the album; yet it doesn't suffer the same fate that many radio  singles do - that of being compromising mediocre crap. Even my first time listening to this track I felt it was one of the strongest releases on the album, and I still feel like  it's awesome when playing the album; I don't think I've pressed skip a single time. The backing of the irish/scottish pipes makes it that much  more worldly and fun. Once \\"Storytime\\" drops off the northwest European charts, this will take it's place almost immediately.<br /><br />\\"Scaretale\\" comes next and this track absolutely deserves a paragraph of its own, possibly a full review. This is one of the most unique tracks I've ever heard in any metal album, ever. It almost defines the entire album as a darker album than any of its predecessors by itself. This track shows Anette has the potential for such a  creepy and awkwardly weird voice that no other female gothic metal vocalist in our current era can really touch her in this regard. It starts as 2 to 3  minutes of pure instrumental rock, and it builds to perfection with its additions of opera and symphony. You can really tell they had the backing of European  opera singers as this takes time to build up. When it finally breaks a little after 2 minutes in, this metal is so hard that it's obvious they weren't trying  to cater to the mainstream populace - it's the polar opposite of  the previous track \\"I Want My Tears Back\\". I read a paragraph Nightwish wrote about what this track was  about and they said it \\"was the nightmare of the old man\\" (that the album is about), and wow, they succeeded in their conceptual attempt. The track is a pure sinister play on rock music as a whole. But then! Just when you thought it was going to be black all the way through, the absolute unexpected happens, and this track turns into absolute legendary status once the 4:15 minute mark  hits. The listener is then catapulted into some sort of circus-carney land where the beat reigns supreme and the metal takes a back seat while  fairy-tale sound effects and rolling snares of fantastic gratititude take their place in the wavelength of the music. What happens to the track really is a 180* and  it's the most unique kind of sound I've heard to take over a \\"metal\\" album in many, many years. Nightwish should be commended for their entire effort on this track and I believe it *might* be the strongest track, even though it's absolutely weird and funky.<br /><br />Thankfully the next track, \\"Arabesque\\", brings us back to reality just a bit with a lot of natural, organic drums. Almost \\"Tool\\"-like in nature, we find  Nightwish playing many conservative sound effects and getting absolutely tribal with it. I love how much of a contrast to the previous two tracks this one is,  while still retaining the feeling of the organic \\"dark metal\\" kind of stature that these goth rock bands love to have. Absolutely fantastic choice of track  order with this one - I couldn't see it being placed anywhere else.<br /><br />The next track is one of the only other soft tracks on the album (the others being the intro track and \\"Slow, Love, Slow\\") and it does it's job. I do feel that it's sort of an interlude track between the two awesome sections of the album. The entire thing couldn't be THAT rocking out, could it have? This is the  track to put your lighters up to while you have a smoke in the concert hall and there's nothing negative about it.<br /><br />The next 5 tracks come in such a solid flurry of eargasms that it's hard to review one without slipping into reviewing the adjacent tracks. I'll just start  with track 9, \\"Rest Calm\\", the most doom/sludge-metal track that Nightwish has ever attempted, by far. Per usual, they take the idea of a subgenre (doom metal) to a  new degree and blast the attempt out of the park. This is one of the choruses you'll remember after first listen. This is a defining sound that no other rock group is showing the world at the moment. It's nothing less than awesome music, awesome bridges,and awesome lyrics, all wrapped between a chorus that brings  Anette's vocal performance to it's most heightened levels of all time. Listen to this song as soon as possible, especially if you want to hear doom-metal  type of rock DONE RIGHT!<br /><br />Then we get to \\"The Crow, the Owl, and the Dove\\", possibly the best lyrical song on the entire album. This is the only track not written by main writer/keyboardist/leader Tuomas Holopainen, and has been written by bassist Marco Hietala. The immediate difference of lyrics/vocals are apparent to anyone  with an ear, and this song was totally needed to contrast the type of work that Holopainen has been doing for years. \\"Don't give me love, I've had my  share // Beauty nor rest, Give me truth instead\\", is probably one of the strongest lines on the album and it being a chorus really solidifies in your  head as something to be remembered as you re-listen to the album. Absolutely strong material here.<br /><br />Next comes track 11, \\"Last Ride of the Day\\", and it's the hardest on the album. Well, this or the next one, but who cares at this point? This is the track  you play for your metal head friends when they are \\"not quite sure that Nightwish is metal enough for them\\". This track is something Genghis Khan would have  probably listened to while chopping motherfkers down in the battlefield. Nightwish claims it's the song for \\"when the old man was riding a rollercoaster for  the first time\\", but there is obvious more meaning than that as you listen through this awesome saga. The twelth track \\"Song of Myself\\" is actually 4 tracks  in one but they decided to make it epic (as they should have) and combine them all. It's a very hard track, and very respectable to the genre of metal. The  song is named after a poem by the famous poet Walt Whitman, and at the end of the track, an elderly man recites the poem in it's entirety, which is pretty  cool for a final song on the album.<br /><br />Well, final song besides for the outro track. I've been listening to rock/metal my entire life, and I've never heard any group wrap up an album in quite this  successful of a way before. They took every riff from every one of their songs, gave them all to a famous composer in Norway, and told him to arrange it all  as a single piece of work. The first time I listened to this album I honestly had no idea what was going on. I thought I had heard those riffs previously in  the album but didn't think they had sounded as clear or epic as they did when this track was playing. It's a sequence of perfect sound that exemplifies the  concept of magic, \\"Imaginaerum\\", as they call it. I can't think of a better way to take this many good riffs and sequences and make people re-think about  them as putting them all in an epic outro song like this. It's truly a clear-headed piece of work. Good stuff!<br /><br />Overall, this is absolutely one of the best albums of all time in its subgenre of rock/metal. There is seriously no question about it. It's Nightwish's best  album and I will argue that for days. Anette comes with a sense of cohesion and darkness. We won't get into the whole Tarja vs. Anette debate, but there is a  time and a place for everything, and THIS was Anette's time and place. Her ability to succumb to the music when the music SHOULD be stronger than the  vocalist that's backing it is second-to-none. She never gets too high, she never gets too low; she stays in tune the entire 70 minutes.<br /><br />This is a classic album and possibly the best rock album of 2011. I believe it should have been released a month later so it could be the best album of 2012.  Thank you Nightwish, this is a serious dominating piece of work in the entire metal genre, especially subgenres with female backed vocals. A+, 5/5, 100%!titude take their place in the wavelength of the music. What happens to the track really is a 180* and  it's the most unique kind of sound I've heard to take over a \\"metal\\" album in many, many years. Nightwish should be commended for their entire effort on this track and I believe it *might* be the strongest track, even though it's absolutely weird and funky.  Thankfully the next track, \\"Arabesque\\", brings us back to reality just a bit with a lot of natural, organic drums. Almost \\"Tool\\"-like in nature, we find  Nightwish playing many conservative sound effects and getting absolutely tribal with it. I love how much of a contrast to the previous two tracks this one is,  while still retaining the feeling of the organic \\"dark metal\\" kind of stature that these goth rock bands love to have. Absolutely fantastic choice of track  order with this one - I couldn't see it being placed anywhere else.  The next track is one of the only other soft tracks on the album (the others being the intro track and \\"Slow, Love, Slow\\") and it does it's job. I do feel that it's sort of an interlude track between the two awesome sections of the album. The entire thing couldn't be THAT rocking out, could it have? This is the  track to put your lighters up to while you have a smoke in the concert hall and there's nothing negative about it.  The next 5 tracks come in such a solid flurry of eargasms that it's hard to review one without slipping into reviewing the adjacent tracks. I'll just start  with track 9, \\"Rest Calm\\", the most doom/sludge-metal track that Nightwish has ever attempted, by far. Per usual, they take the idea of a subgenre (doom metal) to a  new degree and blast the attempt out of the park. This is one of the choruses you'll remember after first listen. This is a defining sound that no other rock group is showing the world at the moment. It's nothing less than awesome music, awesome bridges, and awesome lyrics, all wrapped between a chorus that brings  Anette's vocal performanceto it's most heightened levels of all time. Listen to this song as soon as possible, especially if you want to hear doom-metal  type of rock DONE RIGHT!  Then we get to \\"The Crow, the Owl, and the Dove\\", possibly the best lyrical song on the entire album. This is the only track not written by main writer/keyboardist/leader Tuomas Holopainen, and has been written by bassist Marco Hietala. The immediate difference of lyrics/vocals are apparent to anyone  with an ear, and this song was totally needed to contrast the type of work that Holopainen has been doing for years. \\"Don't give me love, I've had my  share // Beauty nor rest, Give me truth instead\\", is probably one of the strongest lines on the album and it being a chorus really solidifies in your  head as something to be remembered as you re-listen to the album. Absolutely strong material here.  Next comes track 11, \\"Last Ride of the Day\\", and it's the hardest on the album. Well, this or the next one, but who cares at this point? This is the track  you play for your metal head friends when they are \\"not quite sure that Nightwish is metal enough for them\\". This track is something Genghis Khan would have  probably listened to while chopping motherfkers down in the battlefield. Nightwish claims it's the song for \\"when the old man was riding a rollercoaster for  the first time\\", but there is obvious more meaning than that as you listen through this awesome saga. The twelth track \\"Song of Myself\\" is actually 4 tracks  in one but they decided to make it epic (as they should have) and combine them all. It's a very hard track, and very respectable to the genre of metal. The  song is named after a poem by the famous poet Walt Whitman, and at the end of the track, an elderly man recites the poem in it's entirety, which is pretty  cool for a final song on the album.  Well, final song besides for the outro track. I've been listening to rock/metal my entire life, and I've never heard any group wrap up an album in quite this  successful of a way before. They took every riff from every one of their songs, gave them all to a famous composer in Norway, and told him to arrange it all  as a single piece of work. The first time I listened to this album I honestly had no idea what was going on. I thought I had heard those riffs previously in  the album but didn't think they had sounded as clear or epic as they did when this track was playing. It's a sequence of perfect sound that exemplifies the  concept of magic, \\"Imaginaerum\\", as they call it. I can't think of a better way to take this many good riffs and sequences and make people re-think about  them as putting them all in an epic outro song like this. It's truly a clear-headed piece of work. Good stuff!  Overall, this is absolutely one of the best albums of all time in its subgenre of rock/metal. There is seriously no question about it. It's Nightwish's best  album and I will argue that for days. Anette comes with a sense of cohesion and darkness. We won't get into the whole Tarja vs. Anette debate, but there is a  time and a place for everything, and THIS was Anette's time and place. Her ability to succumb to the music when the music SHOULD be stronger than the  vocalist that's backing it is second-to-none. She never gets too high, she never gets too low; she stays in tune the entire 70 minutes.  This is a classic album and possibly the best rock album of 2011. I believe it should have been released a month later so it could be the best album of 2012.  Thank you Nightwish, this is a serious dominating piece of work in the entire metal genre, especially subgenres with female backed vocals. A+, 5/5, 100%!
0446585025|5.0|This book was absolutely wonderful. I am currently going through a rough patch in life, but this really did lighten up my mood and make me smile, which was really good. Don't read this expecting it to be some classic smart-people novel, that's not what it is, what it is is a funny, upbeat memoir on how to look at life positively. And, even though many of the things she put in there may sound joking, they really do work and I love it!
0385535139|4.0|My wife gave me a Kindle as a gift (which is a very good product by the way) but it was empty of anything to read so I went on line and signed up just in case. Not thinking I had purchased anything that evening I peeked inside the next day and LO! it seemed to have wirelessly willed this download to my new tabla... as I slept. So this was my first John Grisham electronic read. Although it took me a bit to get into the button-cum-page-turner all worked well and I'll do this again soon.  I'm a huge Grisham fan from The Firm to the lesser of them... say, \\"The Appeal\\". This one, though good, is not the best I have read. It is a fine book for a casual reader like me. In this new book there is yet another different kind of hero and in this one most importantly Grisham left it open to sequels. Maybe he learned his lesson by killing off a most awesome character in Ford County Times.   This novel is worth reading
B00009W0U4|1.0|*Contains Spoilers*<br /><br />Irreversible is THE most unabashedly homophobic movie I've ever encountered and certainly one of the most smugly pretentious and ultimately vacuous (unless one counts vehement mean-spiritedness as legitimate content). A beautiful, idealized trophy woman walks down an alley, gets viciously anal-raped and killed by a random evil gay/bisexual man for 10 minutes, and he wantonly scampers off to an underground gay S&M club called \\"The Rectum\\" where gay men are acting depraved and insane (while the camera twirls around to purposefully make the audience sick).<br /><br />Then the woman's righteous straight boyfriend screams his way to the club where he bashes the perceived murderer in the head with a *fire extinguisher* over and over until the evil gay man becomes a corpse with his skeleton exposed, all while the animalistic gay men stare blankly and/or masturbate to the murder like deranged non-humans.<br /><br />Then, the story goes backwards to illustrate how they were a happy couple who had heavenly heterosexual sex (unlike what would ever happen between gay men at \\"The Rectum\\") and were even expecting a beautiful child, since their sex created life and not just, according to the Director's apparently Nazi Republican, Victorian-Era Conservative viewpoint, unbridled feces and mindless depravity.<br /><br />And then that's it. You see, I don't even really have to unpack subtle cues of heterosexual chauvinism because it doesn't really get more blatant than that. Heterosexual=Heaven and Life! Homosexual=Hell and Death! I suppose a lot of religious fundamentalist conservatives would love what this movie is trying to perpetuate, but I don't think they usually watch movies this graphic. And small town bigots with gun collections would probably love it too, but they don't usually watch French movies. So that leaves...
030788743X|5.0|This book was fantastic, and I love the ideas within. It's almost a positive future, although in that future it's run by a despotic powerful government. I compared it to America Pacifica in this review review here: [...]
1609611543|5.0|Everyone should read this book.<br /><br />Before reading this book I had started eating a paleo diet, and cut out all grains, sugar, legumes... and started eating more meat, eggs, fish, vegetables, some nuts, and little fruit. I was loving it and felt amazing! My asthma went away, I slept better, I had more energy, my tummy was feeling better, and my skin and scalp problems were disappearing. Not to mention I was losing a lot of weight...<br /><br />Then I let stress dictate my food choices, and started eating wheat again. It was horrible. My stomach started having problems again, I was irritable and moody, tired all the time, and my asthma was flaring up pretty bad, along with skin and scalp problems. I was a mess!<br /><br />Then I read this book... and it changed the way I thought of wheat for forever. I mean, I had known that I was gluten-intolerant for a while, and I knew that I loved eating a low-carb, grain-free diet with plenty of good fats, protein, and vegetables... so why did I start eating wheat again?! [[ASIN:1609611543 Wheat Belly: Lose the Wheat, Lose the Weight, and Find Your Path Back to Health]] opened my eyes and helped me understand the chemical reactions that one has, as well as the emotional connection, to wheat. Not only did it help me see why I went back to consuming wheat again, but it also gave me compelling evidence that I could not ignore about why wheat is so bad for our bodies.<br /><br />This is a book that I could not just read and ignore. It helped nudge me back on a low-carb, always gluten-free, mostly paleo way of eating, and I'm better for it. I'm now steadily losing weight again, and my body is getting the nourishment it truly deserves...<br /><br />I love this book... it's pretty much saved my life! And everybody should read it... at least once. Even if they do not agree with it, I think they will find the facts astounding.<br /><br />If you would like to read about my story about how I went from wheat-free, to receding back to eating wheat, and then went wheat-free again... and how it affected me, please read it on my blog at: roseywinterrose(dot)blogspot(dot)comaffected me, please read it on my blog at: roseywinterrose(dot)blogspot(dot)com
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Most impressive. The ability to simulate mouse wheel scrolls was definitely a great touch. Help docs could be a little (lot) less sparse, but the app itself is excellent.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the games not horrible. its not the greatest game in the world but I like it. I guess it just depends on who the person is
B0054JZC6E|5.0|really really fun and additive must play and a lot of games to choose from like hockey soccer and a lot lot of others
B0054JZC6E|5.0|we love this app! my 4yr old don loves to try to play the games too lil its a wonderful game
B0054JZC6E|5.0|lov it so fun gonna play it all day every day 1 0 1 games dude I love love love love it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I just got this on my Kindle Fire and I'm loving it. It is not glitchy nor laggy, great app.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|seems pretty fun.. haven't unlocked all the games yet, but I'm already pleased.. great for passing time, wonder what other games there are..
B004MC8CA2|5.0|love that you can search and write notes and bookmark. great app. use daily. really like the reading plan selection.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Not a bad download. It kills time when you are bored.  Hate having to do so much for points though.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Graphics look good, and this works well on my Galaxy S and Viewsonic gTablet. I was curious to see how this would look on a tablet, since I didn't see any other tablet reviews.<br /><br />It looks like it might have a couple of minor bugs. One thing I noticed is how responsive the developer has been, even commenting on reviews. It sounds like bugs brought to his attention will be taken care of quickly. It would be nice to see more developers like this.
